' @ heylena . lol ! compliment accepted . thank you ! jeesh , i haven't been on here forever ! . 63651 63652 putting no effort into a relationship , ignorance , talking out of turn or speaking over others , strangers that like to share their life story without being asked , those who block an aisle with their ... psychology or cultural anthropology . i've been told i look like peter pan due to the hair . haha . 37708 37709 for heathcliff . i am also a 4w5 , and infj . it's hard to deal at times ! i often follow , blindly , what others tell me and what my intuition tells me ... relationship wise . for example , i fell for ... i believe the last time i posted a picture to this very thread was well over a year ago , so here is a newer picture ... not that anyone would remember me since i've hardly been on here due to school ... i rated a 10 for indigo , and then 7 for both violet and crystal . i definitely get annoyed with others who lack manners , it'll actually embarrass me . in my family if you don't say please , thank you , etc . , you'll be corrected quickly . i'm called that every now and then . i do find that when i'm thinking about something , which is basically all the time , i have a very intense look on my face , as if i'm pissed off , but the moment ... i live in kingman , arizona , but i really hope to move to washington state ... it's just beautiful there . my mother believes i was born thirty years old , but that's beside the point , lol . i wasn't a wild child when i was a teen , probably due to helping my mother raise my niece and nephew from ages 15-17 ... i just found out recently that my best guy friend is an istp . i can talk to him about everything and anything , and i mean talk about deeper issues ; it's almost crazy how well we connect . * waves hand in air * me too ! haha . from personal experience , i tend to like either estj or istp . my first boyfriend was an estj , and my second was an istp ; however , i prefer estj to an istp ... i find them more outgoing and they ... it's about 3.10 here ( arizona ) , but i guess once summer hits it's suppose to be over 5 bucks per gallon , and if that's the case i'm probably not going any where this summer , lol . quite a few of my friends and family members get weirded out that i have a knack for predicting things , especially my best friend and sister . for example , i'll say something and a person will give me ... nah , that made perfect sense to me . thanks for posting that ! i'm afraid i could only pick out a few words here and there , but still cool . right handed : happy : actually , i would find it interesting if you posted the video in german . i took german lessons in high school for a few years , and have forgotten most of what i did learn :( i think i'd have to agree with quite a few others ; i often find myself playing up a scenrio of revenge in my mind , but really i just let karma take care of it . so , i found this really hard to do , and it's the first video i've ever done . so this is 12 takes later , lol ... as a belly dancer , it's hard for me to perform if i do a solo dance but if i'm dancing with my troupe , i'm fine . i love doing it , but i have to force myself to . i don't think that's weird ... that's skill . this completely sums it up for me ... i don't know where my camera went to ... so webcam it was , and sorry if these are a bit bright ... ... i love that movie ! i , personally , believe she's an infj ... course , i am being a bit bias . : tongue : i also like robin williams too . it's in my signature as well ... i see that a lot of infj's score highly in intrapersonal .  i like to give gifts randomly ... that way they are actually surprised . i find a lot of joy in that . i try to keep the peace and respect anyones views ( and i try very hard to ) , yet if someone attacks my views ( in a disrespectful manner ) ... well , that curtain of peace is dropped . however , it also ... i can relate to people who can't read body language as well ! i really can't stand it when people interrupt others while talking . i'm to the point that when it happens to me i end up interrupting ... i pay attention to body language , and interpret it . i took german in highschool for three years and graduated four years ago . i remember most of what i learned , yet i haven't spoken to anyone in ... i've only had one serious relationship which was only last year , and i found it too difficult to remain friends with him . when we tried we just argued , and i hated that . so i got to the point where i ... how interesting , i've always dated guys who are more interested in me than i am in them . anyway , the older i get the more i have to be impressed by how the guy acts , and what comes out of his mouth ... i could watch this over and over again . i agree with her completely . i would also like to say that there was a time in my life where i didn't know what i believed in , and the more i'd think about it , the more lost i became ... and i was ... oh by the way , for as strange as i think i am i was able to relate to a lot of you in your posts ... hm . that hardly happens , lol . i am the girl that keeps her mouth shut , yet has so much to say . i am the girl that fails to realize that some people just don ’ t care . i am the girl that dislikes constant sunshine . i am the girl ... i think the point of reincarnation is soul development . no matter what year your past life took place , it's about life lessons and becoming wiser . besides that , i think anyone could boast about ... 500 days of summer . the goonies . australia . august rush . the stoning of soraya m . garden state . monty python and the holy grail . hurt . there are certain people that can drain me easily , yet others that i can talk to for hours and afterwards i feel a bit energized . with me , it depends on the person and the mood i'm in . i do know that ... i don't know what my father is but my mother is also an infj . oh yes , i can relate to this ; i even looked older than my age . i remember being 13 and being asked by a complete stranger if i was a junior in highschool . anyway , it was hard for me to get along with ... '