' fuck just fuck enjambments and fucks i would laugh if they made infp day and it became cynical , exploitative and consumerist like every other holiday . unbridled rage . me too ... i wrote and deleted several things thinking but what if this happened . it's fun to pretend and imagine though . if you had 30 minutes unlimited power to recreate the world , what would be most pressing to you ? i would heal all bodily afflictions , and undo the ravages to nature caused by industrialization . i ... i don't know ... this is one of my deepest fears . ancient philosophy is the most fascinating . back then , pretty much every subject that we now call science and humanities fell under the domain of philosophy . as we progress in knowledge , it seems an ... i agree that being alive is a temporary problem and that permanent solutions are better than temporary ones . i'm curious what the four other sections are . yes of course i am a special snowflake . like mee 2 said , i think guilt plays a huge role in most suicides . do you experience guilt very seldom ? self hate is part of it , but the main thing i think is self * blame * . suicidal people feel ... i've had suicidal ideation for over a decade now . it comes from being acutely aware that my presence is detrimental to the happiness of anyone who cares for me in any way . the more i care about ... i too spout and believe platitudes when i am feeling better . when in the gutter , they only sound like accusations . you would feel better if you only didn't choose to feel like shit . thanks . i had the same experience as you ( bolded part ) . that's the most sinister thing about psychiatry . the patient is assumed to be unable to make sane assessments / decisions , and the doctor is assumed to ... i think the greatest misconception about depression is that it is equal to great sadness . for me , depression is the inability to feel anything except dread . there is a total absence of hope . it ... relative to the rest of the internet , yes . i'm careful though to avoid saying things that give people an in to push my buttons . i've had deeply negative experiences in the past that make me cautious ... just read the forum ... feelings of alienation and worthlessness run rampant . i wouldn't be surprised if suicide rates are high among infp . double post oops i think it's dangerous to frame it in the context of mbti . doing so may poison future relationships . i would say her actions are a result of the darker side of human nature . understanding that is ... i've thought of becoming a monastic as well . if you read literature from the past , that used to be a perfectly valid , respectable , even admirable thing to do . i don't know when we lost respect for ... i don't believe in it much either but it helps to pinpoint why . we should be equally on our guard against tests that give flattering results . i hate how people misuse the words logic and rational . you can use facts all you want and do it in a completely illogical manner . being crude , insensitive and unpersuasive could just as easily ... wow thanks for the in depth rundown . i guess i should share my score : 83 . some of the questions i have a hard time seeing how they would correlate to narcissism . things such as : i tend to see ... interesting article . i think i score pretty high on the narcissist thing . i only have a vague idea of what narcissism actually is , ie extreme self absorption or self love ? i wonder how the rest of ... i think i get what you mean . it feels better to help others succeed than succeed yourself ? i find that depression demands action . if you think and worry , even if it's seemingly for other people , it ... i've struggled with suicidality and feelings of worthlessness . the only thing that gives me any sense of meaning and self worth is helping others . give volunteering a try . if nothing else , at least ... it's hard to single out just one experience . the album ok computer can transport me to another world when i'm in the right mood .  i tend to be attracted to people who are damaged or outcasts . after being burned and disappointed over the years now i try to keep my distance . i definitely see myself as damaged goods though , so it ... 27 problems only introverts will understand definitely relate to almost all of it . gave me a good laugh too . thanks for the response . it's so interesting to me that we have complete reversed opinions on the two movies . much of what you said about the matrix is what i felt when watching inception . will check ... i can't understand all this talk of inception having depth . like all of chris nolan's movies , it has the illusion of depth due to its moodiness and stylized visuals / sound . in the end , the characters ... cool .. i'd like the link if someone has it . might get on camera if i feel comfortable . is it required to be on camera ? since i feel very different from most people , i haven't been on the receiving end of much empathy , because empathy requires understanding . for this reason i think my empathy for others has slowly ... seems to be a common trend right now for psychology to appropriate ideas from eastern religions and sell them like it's something new . yup first game i've been excited about in years . i hope they can rekindle the magic since so many of the old devs are board . planescape : torment . by the end you really care about your character and his companions . yet there is a feeling that they are all going to some tragic end . the dialogue is incredibly good . everyone ... the phone strips you to your voice and nothing else . that is intimidating to someone who's always told speak up , talk louder i can't hear you , why are you so quiet ? at least in person , some ... the stream flows swiftly as golden light shoots from the sun . the bullet's hardly left the gun before is becomes was . take the dry stick from the shore ; throw it in the waters swift . just ... i end up arguing with myself and getting paranoid and exhausted if i engage too long in a polarizing discussion . i only jump in in the first place if it matters to me emotionally , and i often feel ... and yet the ancient tree is listening ; it sighs a mournful whisper to the wind . brightly like the yellow yolk extracted from the broken shell - i relate though i hate to admit it . all i can say is hold on to that yearning for love . you will regret it if it dies . also , attraction is a physical thing . i don't mean just sexual , but being ... i'm all for more precise language , and the phrase ' reality orientations ' makes me cringe . this is a pretty strong statement and i don't see it developed at all in the two paragraphs given . i ... i agree with the bolded part . when you're happy and thriving , i think you probably want to be out there enjoying it instead of talking about it on an online forum . when you're miserable and alone , ... i hate these what if < sadistic scenario > questions . you can say ahead of time yeah if a guy put gun in my face i'd dodge and grab it from him but you don't know how you'll feel when you are ... i'm treading dangerous ground saying this , but i dropped out of highschool and got ged , and i remember a thread on here awhile ago where there were a surprising number of people that did the same ... erase '