' i would recommend keeping in mind that , biologically and psychologically , we as a species live in very artificial and unnatural societies compared to what we are adapted to . it tends to inch us near ... well , the first example that comes to mind is phineas gage . like phineas some people , as they age , unwittingly ram probing rods into dynamite and proceed to have the rod thrust via their cranial ... unaffiliated . owing loyalty to a house seems pretty unnecessary . most likely we'd pop out as the dark horse , defy class and birth . start out as nobles and end up as brothel owners in braavos . earn a ... : well , my dear , since you've got so few replies thus far , i'll give you a dozen replies ' worth . i hope you wore pretty undies , because you're in for a reaming . energy , time , and ... damn , girl , how did you even find this thread ? it's from 2012 , it must've been buried down with early mammalians and mick jagger's innocence somewhere . and literotica is pretty classy , for ... pretty easy . take interest in new subjects , meet new people , go to strange places and try new things . extraverted intuition paired with introverted thinking isn't an ability as much as it is a ... even if somehow a meta-post , it's still terrible . man . i just finished a downright murderous exam , and i don't even feel relieved because the one tomorrow is literally twice as hard . this gif has never been more appropriate . ... politicians shouldn't be criticised for changing their opinions or policies after being elected . if you don't think being good at math or physics is a talent , you should spend a day in my shoes with a 10th grade math book . awesome , great work ! and a great opportunity to revisit my german . quite the debate , though . the universe isn't deterministic , certainly . quantum events here and there . at the same time , the human brain is simply too coordinated and too complex to be affected by ... personality type : ti - se - si - te - ni - ne - fe - fi i was about to verbalise the thud ! of my jaw on the tabletop , before i caught myself . it's easy to forget the considerable financial investment that goes into education in america . to risk ending up ... correct . correct , with introverted thinking instead of feeling , our behaviour is regulated by less volatile motivation than emotions - hence , we don't get it . correct , this is how regular folk show ... i mean as in being young . and there are some long-term impairments . some physical weakness , impairment of vision , and in the case of removal of the language-dominant hemisphere , some impairment of ... the railway stake would be the famous case of phineas gage . and there are many interesting cases of patients suffering damage to the frontal lobe , where our emotions , decision-making , conscious ... yes , this is a long post . very typically me . just read it . did you know that if you don't learn a language by puberty , you never will ? language , and specific instances of language , are simply ... the original citizen do u even lift ? from the greatest of entps . so , i've gotten some comments lately that have turned me more self-conscious . specifically , i've had this constant idea that i have a warm , big-eyed , open kind of demeanour and appearance . i smile a ... alright . my original post might only really make sense to me , so i'm making the tl ;d r version : entps aren't good at chores . we're bad at organisation and arbitrary menial tasks , and we feel a ... [ opens mouth to launch into 3 - page rant about need for closure and context-dependant decision-making ] ... you know what ? oh , i don't think this thread would be going anywhere useful , anyway . i think nearly every entp has already answered something here , and there's only so many ways you can reiterate being awesome is ... it was really clarifying ! i was confused , because i just did not see where entp's drew the line . of course feelers also make this distinction . if we wouldn't we would not be able to have values , ... seeing as the role of emotionality is compulsion towards various trends and norms of decision-making that , statistically , win through . so the difference between decision-making focus in tife and fite ... well , to put it in one phrase , fe leads to a sense of acceptable and expected behaviour . if we feel socially ostracised by our behaviour , depending on how pigheaded we are , i suppose we start pulling ... could you take out holy and use almighty instead ? because it sounds a bit too much like enneagram-style religious pseudoscience when ... ... taken out of context . you're actually spot on , there , even if it doesn't matter in the everloving slightest . although i think you might need additional context . tife and fite are , in any way that really counts , two ... what you have to remember , though , is that fe doesn't mean playing nice , fe means automatically and often unconsciously responding to in-group expectations and the subtle dynamics of others ' ... for some reason , i now visualise you as being a ... this centaur-thing with a crustacean lower body . yes , some of us aren't into the whole chitinous carapace thing . the little mermaid made it quite ... at 170 - excellent topic , well-written . and important . i believe the problem here is people misunderstanding what emotion and empathy actually are . usually it's harmless , people ... can't you just answer the original question about where you get your energy from ? ... this , mate . so , so much this . it's our social sensibility , though . as long as people respond positively , it's simply fun to talk about whatever is on our minds . i know that i perceive , and talk ... for days i just didn't know how to begin writing an essay . entps , i gather , have no problems being exceedingly productive and persistent at any task that is self-organised , that is to say , where we ... hahaha , well , i'll be able to pick her out in the lecture , yes . let's hope i don't meet her before then . and that i have some kind of retort by then . if i can't spot her , i'll just sneeze a few times ... i hope you would pick your timing better . the room was booked for the next lecture , and dozens of medicals were milling in , so my big fan was just kind of fighting uphill against a steady current of ... hah ! an interesting thought experiment . and also the focus of much of my personal research and study , so i'll sugarcoat the science in all the collegiality pent up after drinking three pots of coffee ... thank you . if more details help you forecast how your future confessions will go : i tried to retort with oh , it's not that awkward . while she was running away from me . so obviously it kind of was a ... until someone hits you with a crowbar while your eyes are closed . at the lecture today , i sneezed a lot , so i sat away from my friends as to not annoy them with my sniveling sniffling . there happened to be a girl sitting a couple of seats off to my side , and i ... three flavours of us folk , i think . the assertive , confident ones . the ones that seem assertive and confident , of course . and then those clueless bastards too dumb to be insecure . i was in the ... dear , thank you - made me laugh ! : laughing : i do hope you found a balanced diet for your woodlouse . signed , an infj who needed a laugh [ / quote ] dear woodlouse , i reckon i found you in the sink because you fled into my apartment to get out of the cold . i think it's unfair that you're putting that kind of pressure and responsibility on me ... as an infj , you can wrap it any way you like , and we'll still beg for more . generally . the entp moment in conversation is when something you say triggers a sudden leap of association , maybe an ... what the mbti recognises as types , are simply differently balanced compositions of neural nuclei and neurological pathways that manifest as patterns of thought and behaviour . in other words , it's ... we both know that's a ridiculous exaggeration , if you're dominant ne you'd have thought of a billion things . i read , i think it was at ifls , that tyrannosauruses most likely used their arms to ... this is exactly how the clichéd insecure girlfriend-question would go in my case . - - - would you still love me if i lost my arms , like in an accident ? * makes blank face * i knew it ! you ... the opening line of william gaddis ' a frolic of his own reminds me of you badass estjs . maybe a good stereotype , maybe a bad one , but i think it's admirable nonetheless . x93justice ? x97 you get ... being in a targeted subset like that , i find is pretty similar to disease control . if there was a disease that primarily targeted nordic genotypes , and i just got off the plane in italy , i would ... intuitive thinkers , and among them intps , are the most likely to develop personality disorders , according to a major study . they're overrepresented in every category except histrionic personality ... '