' lately i just feel like i know my friends so much better than they know me . and i feel like they don't even want to bother to know me better . and being known is being loved . so i feel unknown and ... i was always really bad at math until i had a professor in college who broke through that and taught me to think mathematically . after that , i actually became a math tutor , and i really loved that ... just be kind to all people , generous , encouraging , and gracious . nobody can say anything bad about you that way , and even if they did , nobody would ever believe them . i myself don't often feel angry enough to do anything about it ; i tend to just get over it usually . when i am treated badly , i am less likely to say anything than if someone i care about or someone ... i'm glad this isn't a just-me thing ! haha ... well , i took your advice , everyone , and i actually practiced smiling in front of a mirror the day before , and memorized what it felt like with my face ... anyone know how ? i can't seem to take a picture in which i do not either look angry or am not smiling in a way that would suggest i am in physical pain . and then i obsess over whether or not i am ... haha , well , i can't eat ice cream . but i get your point . :) it's true , like you said , clambert , life is short and uncertain . i've learned this the hard way too , by losing one of my closest ... so , several months ago i posted about this guy friend . he's an infp , i'm an infp , so nothing ever gets talked about and no moves are ever made . jaytheinfp has heard this before . about a month ... i'd like to be married , if he's the love of my life , and i his . whether or not that will happen ... i suppose that remains to be seen . the older i get , the less optimistic i feel about it . as far ... one of my very dearest friends is an infj . she's such a wonderful , wise , quiet , old soul . i love talking to her about deep things and my feelings that are just overwhelming and complicated because ... i actually and honestly got secure and happy which makes me incredibly pleased , as i have done a lot of really difficult personal work regarding my attachment style . that means a lot to me . interesting , huh ? i got 16 , which qualifies me as a highly sensitive person as far as their study goes . 16 habits of highly sensitive people i tend to walk and balance on my heels a lot . or on the outside of my feet . it's no problem at all ; thanks for taking the time to write in something other than your first language ! :) there's definitely a global english-privilege that those who have english as a first ... i'm honestly not sure that english is the first language of the op . i don't . it's because i really have no interest in a guy unless i know him really well and like him very much , as a human being . i just don't want to date someone i don't know . and then , if i do ... better than yesterday . :) and i wish i could not over-analyze it when i have been awkward . it makes it more awkward . and my awkwardness is often a result of over-analyzing . ugh . so many days i wish i could just go back ... revenge is a kind of unusual word to use in this context ; what do you mean by revenge ? :) hey there ! different medications have different side effects for different people , even just different dosages . if you try one kind and it has bad side effects or if it is ineffective , let your ... during the warm months , i run outside because i just love the scenery , the quiet , and the solitude . i'm no great runner , and after i stopped holding harsh , mean , unrealistic expectations of my body ... thanks for the encouragement , guys ! jay , that was beautiful . i just wish someone was playing bongos somewhere nearby while i was reading it . :) i actually stood up for myself ! in our meeting , she ... it really frustrates me when someone goes out of their way to make me feel unnecessarily guilty about a small mistake i made . i've earnestly apologized , i've taken responsibility where it is ... this whole thread is so affirming to me ! i'm not exactly a tomboy but i did spend a lot of time on my mountain bike as a little girl , and climbing trees , and i'm not really girly even now . but i ... i see , thanks for the response ! maybe it's just the one i've got my own eye on . haha ... he seems to like fictional characters who are pretty mean ( though not immoral ) . so , in typical infp fashion ... sometimes it seems to me that male infps have crushes on sarcastic , mean girls ... is that accurate ? nagging . oh my heavens , nagging . i used to type as an infj all the time , and spent a long time thinking i was , but it didn't entirely make sense . it felt like i just didn't quite fit it . i think the reason i used to type as infj ... haha , well , once i have one , i'll let you know . ;) it would be nice to read others ' stories though , and see if there are common themes ! if i could be a cartoon character ... i kind of feel like i am a cartoon character sometimes . that's kind of weird , huh ? acquaintance friends ? not picky at all . i generally like most people i meet . but real friends ? extremely picky . i have to know that someone can receive and just sit with my dark side if they're ... this video always makes me tear up at the end . :) as an infp , i feel like there are just so many more possibilities in the world , so much more magic and mystery , and i love it when i connect with another person and that magic comes out and sparkles ... oh , i definitely had to learn to be social . at this point , some people are surprised to find out that i'm a fairly strong introvert , because i make friends easily . for me , it's about being ... hey there ! it sounds like you really need to get this out , and don't know how or what to do with it once it's out . most places have mental health clinics ; hospitals often do ( not just for crazy ... i'm not entirely sure but they might both be istj . we get along very well , we are very close , but sometimes we clash . over stupid unimportant stuff . like example , once we were all going to go see ... ohhh , you j's and your closure-needing . haha ... i kind of don't really want to know just yet . weird , huh ? this was more of an ... hahaha ... fantastic . :D it's the landing softly part . i'll try to land a bit softer . hahahaha ... now when i start to stress about it i'm going to think about this and start cracking up ... hahaha ... shhh , jay , i clearly can't do that . i did lol for real though . if i ever did that , i think he would probably die . and not necessarily from happiness . like i said in my second ... thanks for your responses ! yes , he's an infp as well , that was the reason for my specific address . i should have added , he and i have already become close friends . so that might change things ... hey , so , this is really a question for the infp guys out there ... both of you . ;) how can i tell if a guy friend i am interested in romantically only sees me as a friend ? he's very polite and ... [ double post ] '