' balut ... i think it should come right after love , but it should also happen before the baby in a baby carriage . like so ...  that's my policy ... especially when i see my korean , vietnamese , thai and japanese friends . get an erection , then hug her ... works for me every time . i'm an egalitarian . political affiliations and inclinations are for tools . i can help you practice your french kissing . chronic problems . plug it up . you're almost there ...  ... i turn intj women into kitties and i'm their freaking catnipz ... well , all women actually . i am proud to say that in my search for truth , i have regained my piety ... discard my agnostic theist stance . i tend to love other people's mothers ... and they love me too . the medical field is about revenue ... not helping people . get your idealism out of your naive head ( or at least leave that save the world crap to the infgheys ) . there's a reason why i didn't go ... you look like a bdsm mistress ... and i mean that as a compliment . what green girl said ... also , avoid small talk like the plague ... small talk is for idiots ...  sad part is he doesn't realize that most intj women skipped and didn't give a fuck about this post ... let's not tell him that though ... it's funnier that way . - signed intj guy that just made a ... dear op : please see pg . 512 section 2 . a . 1 . b . subsection 437a . 1.1 . b of the intj manual prior to posting on the intj forum where it says the following : newcomers aren't allowed to voice their ... only if we get to do the interview naked . besides the intp guy , me for certain . who are we kidding ? everyone luvz me .  ... convenient examples . ... in regards to ? are you talking about the hitachi magic wand ? ;) perhaps this might be of interest ... why doesn't the fi thread get its own sticky ? ask asia carrera ... they're bigots . perhaps asking the op for clarification / expansion rather than running with a misplaced-thought / misinterpretation of such would've been a bit more convenient ... while avoiding a certain amount of ... sick beats . i think you're the girlfriend in the relationship . if it's goo you want ... i was gonna say his mom's bedroom . not to worry . it's a pretty cool show nonetheless . i just finished season 3 the other day . i guess no one can say you were born with a silver spoon in your mouth then ? he's mostly si driven ... nah ... it's just this ... the joke is lame because it's high school humor but just because i don't find it funny , it doesn't mean i find it offensive ... or the holocaust offensive for that matter ... i just can't respect ... thanks for explaining informal logical fallacies to us since i fell asleep in philosophy 101 . the things i wouldn't learn if there weren't people like you to defend true knowledge . perhaps a more ... i love how these non-scientists and pseudo-intellectuals go on and on with their very unique version of ... you're an intj ... home-school him . only ntps fit ( and that's probably the only thing that will fit them properly ... , get it ? ) that description . entjs are known for being regal and intjs are enigmatic . blame the fans ' boyfriends / husbands that can't make them orgasm because even if they used a gps device they wouldn't be able to find their g-spots ... that's the only reason why that garbage is ... i like your hexagonal mirrors ... such sexy six-sided symmetry . p . s . try saying the last part several times , real fast . there's a difference between posing good argumentation and being an opinionated twat . most people are morons in this forum ... and life in general . ways to increase my penis size . '