' i really like music and feel happier when it's on , but it's the middle of the night so i'm just listening to a fan and a clock ticking . there are some tasks that i do regularly and can focus on the details . it's like that is time when i can switch off my brain and take a break from the what-ifs . i wouldn't want to deal with details ... hi . it's been almost a year since i was on here . i'm not sure why i've been gone so long . i don't know if anyone is still here from a year or two ago and remembers me . overall i have a lot to be ... i'm 48 . it's been a while since i've been active on this site ( busy going through a divorce and raising three kids ) ... i'll come back tomorrow and answer the questions . i was struggling with this today , which is why i'm up so late . i was feeling repeatedly criticized at work and letting it get to me . i am trying to figure out how not to get so upset and defensive ... i have an infp pin , but i just wear it at work . i would feel weird wearing it anywhere else . it's pretty cool to find other infps irl . i only know who some are because most people at work talk ... my sister is an istj and my mom is an estp . i love them both , but we don't have long heart-felt conversations . neither of them are intentionally hurtful at all , so i don't have a problem with them ... huuump dayyy ! yup-yup ! ( this is what my two older kids tell me everyone says on wednesdays now . it's from a geico commercial . it was pretty funny when they got my three year old saying it . lol ) my aunt is an esfj . she's very focused on family , loves kids , and is very kind and loving . i enjoy spending time with her - but i don't feel like she gets me at all . also , being an extrovert , i ... good list ... i love to sit on the beach at night . daydreams are good too , and i can daydream while hanging out with my kids . and lying in my hammock looking up into the leaves when the weather ... what works for us might not work for you . i am a single mom with three children , so my me time is whatever i can find time for , like going shopping , reading , or watching some tv alone before ... my dad is an estj and my mom is an estp . ( they got divorced many years ago . ) my sister is an istj . i was quite different from the rest of the family . my soon-to-be-ex is an entp . my older ... that does sound beautiful . : ) the hot chocolate sounds good , but the nighttime hot air balloon ride sounds scary . i think i would be terrified that i might start to wonder what it feels like to fly ... maybe i would enjoy it if ... i love your ideas ! they all sound like so much fun ( except for the 10 and 7 hour movies ) - so much more fun and unusual than the usual ... 1ofakind where is your photo ? lao tsu ( taoism ) - very infpish philosophy and 99 % of it rings true brian 1 even if she is real , you won't know if there's any chemistry until you meet in person . are you planning to meet ? i'm an infp and my mom is an estp . infp-estp in a romantic relationship ... thanks ! when i was in my 20s finding someone and having children was a top priority . i broke up with guys because they didn't want kids . now i have my children , so i have people who love me . i'm ... this is me ... 62837 i'm going to read through this thread when i have a bit more time . i'm a white , 40 - something woman living in northern virginia . quick bio ... ( don't laugh - this is what i put on chemistry.com ) ... are any of your family members caring ? maybe instead of hiding how you're feeling , maybe you could try a new tactic and tell them you're feeling depressed . just don't make it sound like it's their ... oops - sorry ! i should read more carefully ! a lot of this rings true . i think that's why we hang out here - so we connect with people and get to be alone at the same time . it's the best of both worlds ! ( actually , best would be finding my ... hello . my daughter is in middle school , has add , and is an intp . she was diagnosed with add about three years ago . i was wondering if this is common for a lot of intps ( or maybe it's a common p ... i think most of us would rather avoid people than control anyone ... i also have a drive to help people ( which keeps me from avoiding people all the time ) and from what i've heard from other infps ... hornet i'm not sure i have any useful advice . it sounds like you're being honest with her and trying to understand her . those things are huge to infps . the problem will come if she loves you and ... that sums it up . fi is about following your personal values , which are different for everyone . who he should marry may be a deeply held personal value , or it might be something he got from his ... i think we posted at about the same time ... if the problem is who he should marry , then it may be possible for him to change his values , if they aren't deeply held . it still comes down to fi - what ... if there's a clash between someone and my values , i don't think i could truly love him . what specifically is the value that she's clashing with ? if he values good health to the point of clashing ... i hear you . i wish i was doing something creative . i spend my free time drawing floor plans and coming up with all sorts of different ways i renovate my house . i should have been an architect . ... congrats on retiring in your early 50s ! that's hard to do . a lot of people i know retire from their primary career in their 50s , then go out and get another job . a lot of careers require a college degree . if you're interested in a career that doesn't , then don't go to college . if you are interested in one that requires a degree , get a degree ... i don't ... i don't want to be mean , but i think hinky is a great word for it ... it's like we're all connected to god on the inside , so that's where we should look for answers and values . looking externally ... what are your favorite quotes ? here are some of mine : be content with what you have ; rejoice in the way things are . when you realize there is nothing lacking , the whole world belongs to you . ... i would think that most infps would come out negotiator and explorer , in either order . anyone get a different result ? being typed by a certified professional doesn't make you a certified infp . it means the person administering the test has been through training to help you self-validate and to conduct the test ... unfortunately many people do think being an intravert is a negative thing . if you say quiet and reflective or some other neutral / positive description , people are much more receptive . i'm not sure how much of a correlation there is , but i wonder how the chemistry.com personalities equate to mbti . i'm and infp and chemistry.com says i'm negotiator / explorer explorers are ... i think everyone wonders . i don't know if it's better to know or not know . it's a nice little ego boost , but ... i found out that someone i know irl has a crush on me . at first i was flattered , ... i knew one or two infps when i was in my 20s . until a couple months ago there were about five of us in the office . one left on a rotation , one changed jobs , and one retired . now there's just one ... i think i tilt mine to the left . where are you in your six year cycle ? i seemed to stumble into a relationship every year or two in my 20s . we'll see how that goes in my 40s ... i think i'm even pickier now . i know i don't want ... i'm sorry to hear that . don't give up ! i went into online dating ( haven't actually dated anyone from it yet ) expecting that maybe eventually i might find someone . or i'll find him by joining some ... i've been separated about five months . i'm hoping to start dating again , but am not sure where i'll find anyone . i've looked at match.com , but everyone sounds the same ( sjs ) . anyone know where ... and i'm great at logic - i took several logic classes in college and easily aced them . i think i got 100 on every assignment and test . math and logic are something fun to play with . they have ... i was terrible in math in elementary school ( memorizing multiplication tables , etc . ) , but got much better when we got to algebra . a plus a equals 2a seemed so obvious to me . i did well in calculus ... i don't think they're my cup of tea ... i wonder if the owl city guy is infp . with his imagination he must be an n - or on some heavy drugs ... lol i love his music . he sounds like he might be an infp . my favorite songs are wake me up , u . n . i . , this , and ( of course ) the a team . thoughts ? it can be hard to see what someone introverts - so it can be hard to tell the difference between fi and ti and see the difference between si and ni . i have a friend i've know for years and no ... '