' not sure of my primary variant , but i spend pretty much equal time fantasizing about being unambiguously a part of an ideal community / family and feeling completely at peace with an ideal physical ... i was not aware of this distinction , or even that ichazo ever endorsed the enneagram as a model of personality at all , much less wings and multi-type combos . i knew he originated the idea of a ... it's something called ' tritype . ' it's based on the idea that we have a fixation in each of three centers , head , heart , and gut . a lot of people don't give it much credence , but it can be helpful once ... since my family re-watched all the potters for the holidays ... peter pettigrew isn't a bad candidate for a 9 villain . 9w1 sp . his entire life derailed because he was terrified to stand up to ... i'm sp , and i tend to support the team for my geographic region . whatever city's closest . or for college sports , whatever university i went to , or whoever has the best mascot . i have a totally ... hell no , we need some really hateful and evil nines . : ninja : only child , 9w1 esfp mother with severe adhd and a 7 - fix ; 3w4 estp dad . i was very much the beloved trophy child . we lived a thousand miles away from the nearest family , and they all doted on me ... interesting . people able to read between the lines is precisely why i don't mind most lies . i can usually easily see that people aren't telling the truth and see where the other person is coming ... i lie like a rug . i've never really understood the moral prohibition against lying , except lying to deliberately cause harm . i find threes fascinating because the masks they wear make them more ... i have a similar relationship to 479 . it's very much my ego ideal--only unlike real 479s , i very much identify with the ' gentle spirit ' , fairy-like energy . i'm the type to put flowers in my hair and ... no problem , like i said , it just made me laugh . didn't know it was marilyn ! and almost : i'm most likely 359 , so or sx last , depending on how you draw the definitions . oddly , i'd also put 135 in the ... o0india0o since this thread is about opposites , i figure it's an ok time to tell you that your signature quote always makes me laugh because it's so much the opposite of me . mine would read , i'm ... i object to the idea that any 1w9 / 9w1 bar would allow anyone to light up a cigar within 20 feet of the premises . especially if it's an oxygen bar . think of the fire hazards , pete ! ugh , forget ... most like me : anything with 5-9 . 359 or 259 , probably . least like me : 468 . confrontational ? reactive ? truth-teller ? too much work . why get up in someone's face and be miserable all the time when ... i seem to be the only one who responded to the description of the 479 gentle healer with hells yeah buddy , i'm gentle as f * ck ! but i'm a little too into self-denial to have 7 in there , i ... i think the issue is that tritype is kind of a niche concept ; most respected authors don't address it at all , so if you go looking for a system set down by an authority , you're going to be ... this nine description always annoyed me because it spends so much time on nines as leaders--something that i , and ( as the article itself acknowledges ! ) most nines don't aspire to be . the tangent on ... off-topic introjection : i'm just popping in as your friendly neighborhood historian to say that astrology , historically , was actually a quantitative field that the vast majority of learned people ... 9w1 / 5w4 / 3w4 depending on the day , apparently julie , from julie of the wolves pocahontas , mowgli , tarzan , neitiri ... anyone who hangs out in the woods and talks to animals and does nature stuff ... i'm almost certain i'm an image type these days . 3w4 makes so much sense on the level of motivations , vices , and lines of disintegration , and i relate so much to the chameleon aspect of 3 ... but i ... sx-last . i'm pretty passionate and i like love ( and sex ) a bunch , so it was hard for me . but whenever anyone starts talking about energy , merging , soul-union , animalistic urges , irresistible tides ... quang i'm really intrigued by your test , but every time i try it i get all the way through and when i click ' finish , ' the button doesn't respond . tried it on ios , firefox and chrome , no ad-blocks ... what does this distinction look like when the areas the nine values are mental ? the nines over on the board here seem to put immense personal effort into , say , learning or making up imaginary worlds , ... mariahj thanks . like , seriously , thank you for all the thought you put into these questions . 3 was a longshot , so it's good to get some confirmation ! i'm pretty sure i've read everything ... your friend is my hero . mad props . when i first came across triads , i knew i had to be competency ; so many of my problems come from knowing what i'm supposed to do and fearing what happens when i ... yes , actually , i've been thinking about it since you suggested i might have a 6 wing . i brought it up over in the reservations about current typing thread ; i'd value your input if you have any . i ... wow , reading this thread makes it clear how contemptuous people are of traits i value very much . i guess i'm proud to be weak , and it seems to work for me . weakness for me : - asserting your ... aurly--thanks for the thread ! my trouble is that i relate to all three styles in different circumstances . of course i need to feel like someone acknowledges my emotions or my grievances when i'm ... mariahj . thank you . i always had a similar idea of the intellectual 6 as closed-minded , the stereotypical diehard marxist or ayn rand follower or social justice warrior . i'm always the one rolling my ... haha , i'm ashamed enough of my elitism to try to hide it most of the time , but that's no good for typing :-/ i relate a lot to the ' escape ' aspect--it's one of the reasons i cycle through nine a lot , ... just read helen palmer on 6 . oh , 6s don't have to be loyal and hardworking ? they can be irresponsible and procrastinate ? they aren't all sjs ? reactive * doesn't * mean ' emotionally unstable ' ? six is ... i'm not seeing anything here or in your other posts that lead me to believe 7 over 5 . what is your relationship to gluttony ? when you packed to move to those new cities , did you take a lot of pride ... i agree , i assumed chatter was normal and part of thinking . as far as action goes , it's usually deliberate because it takes a lot for me to be moved to action . when i'm deliberating an action , my ... thank you very much for these ! answering them helped me think some things through . does any of this suggest a direction ? lately , i'm introspecting , reading about mbti and the enneagram , ... reservation : i close my laptop whenever my boyfriend walks in * not * because i'm a five and fives are secretive , but because i'm worried he'll find out how much time i spend doing nothing and force me ... * shrug * everyone intimidates me . even the fours i know think i'm too sensitive . they're just jealous though . you're my hero . i have exactly the same question about tamping down sx for so-reasons and exactly the same issues with knowing what you want but falling short . to me it makes zero sense to call an ... sx / sp this guy may have just been lonely and well-intentioned , then , but clearly too self-centered to think about how approaching a random woman , alone , and coming on that strong might make you feel . maybe ... holy shit , this is the creepiest thing i've ever heard . i might have done the same thing you did out of sheer terror . this guy has serious issues and i would bet he was trying to prey on a much ... interesting . according to this view , i'm undeniably sx-first , because the focus of my attention and analysis is my intimate relationship . but my anxieties in my relationship aren't different in kind ... actually , i relate to this a great deal . but my understanding was , if i'm * comfortable * with my partner , i'm not drawing on sx . sx , as i understand it , is supposed to be about discomfort , intensity , ... do you mean countertypes ? i'd love to read more on that , if you wouldn't mind . thank you for this ! it's funny you should mention ' webs'--for me , so , or what i think of as so , feels like vibrations in a web . if something in the room isn't right , my little spidey sense feels the ... i guess the parts about collapsing into a paranoid stupor out of terror of the everyday world do read a little small and frightened :) they're fear types , after all . i've always wondered why only ... and don't forget , the social 5 descriptions tend to emphasize a kind of 8ish 5 who is anything but weak , who goes after other peoples ' ideas and demolishes them at the unhealthy levels , or who tells ... as i am right at this very moment procrastinating on grading homework for a math for poets type class i'm teaching , i'd say find a school that counts one of those as a math class :-) seriously , ... i agree with this wholeheartedly . just for the spark yep , i think i'm so . i'm trying to figure out how i work within the neurotic dominant-balanced secondary-less important tertiary model . i'm relieved to hear you call so-dom a ... confession : i'm deeply , deeply confused about instincts right now and i may not be social-dom . but i think i am . my so ( confusing abbreviations ! ) is pretty supportive of me going out to see ... '