' how do you react to them ? can you even begin to comprehend them ? what are your thoughts on them ? about twelve . monogamous for the past two years . that fine forum mentioned by the op has had a recent infestation of sociopaths , trolls , bigots and far right wingers . perhaps we prick the consciousness of sociopaths and they compartmentalise , ... yes , i was an idealistic youth-to the point of naivety . i'm now a cynic . what changed me ? time and people . i'm an atheist but i was indoctrinated into catholicism by the state . i agreed with much of the morality espoused by jesus but could never understand how jesus was the same person as the sociopathic ... i have no superstitions . superstitions are just another form of ocd . what would it be like ? i love animals ; always have . children are wonderful . doubt i'll ever have one though . we have the protestant work ethic , the belief that labour by itself has inherent value , to blame for that . of course in moderaton this is a good thing , but some people take it too far . yeah i know i'm generalising and i know a little selfishness is necessary and even healthy , we wouldn't exist as a species otherwise . i'm just ranting . i find orientals very attractive . does it matter what nation does it so long as it's done ? i don't see any nations on the pale blue dot . a terminator . so true , if reality was so great fantasy and escapism wouldn't exist . i make maggie thatcher look like karl marx . hell hath no fury like a disillusioned infp . most people are selfish and devoid of empathy . i was reading some threads in the politics forum of another mbti website and it's just depressing me and making me even more cynical than i all ready ... i think intjs and infps are the mostly likely types to suffer from neurosis . ... yes . 1 : neon genesis evangelion . ( shinji ikari , the protagonist , is an infp . ) 2 : elfen lied 3 : ghost in the shell 4 : akira 5 : spirited away infj , i believe . i don't think there is anything inherently wrong with guys who have a thing for transwomen . just as i can't help what i identify as you can't help what you're attracted to . having said that ... thanks to inevitablykriss for starting this thread . i'm a gender dysphoric - ( male to female ) transsexual . please feel free to ask any questions if you have them . cool . please feel free to do . personally i think general chat might be better than the psychology section , as if it's in the psychology section it will , most likely , just descend into a debate as to ... o . k . we are i agree totally but the t in lgbt is not related to sexuality and i can't think of another place to talk about trans related issues . i guess such a forum would give a further ... no , it's cool . i see your points , and you make some valid ones . i have a lot to say but right now it's getting late and i'm about to pass out from exhaustion ; so i'll reply properly to your post ... and if so can it be private until to those who are not registered ? horrible ! most if not all days were bad . have you considered aspergers syndrome or avoidant personality disorder ? will see this at all costs . when's it out ? i procrastinate alot . far too much . i guess it's the p . also i think i'm afraid of failure . any other infps have this issue ? anyone manage to overcome it ? far right conservative fruit cakes . people who bitch about discrimination but then discriminate against others in the lower rungs of the social ladder . travis bickle from taxi driver ? i think the guy who killed john lennon , mark chapman , was an infp . he was a very idealistic person until he became disillusioned . i can see how infps would be spiritual , but not religious in the traditional organised religious sense . anyway , athiest here . there's no way the op would be allowed to have srs . hell the op wouldn't even be allowed to legally go on hormones going by what he / she said . you need to be diagnosed as ts ( gender identity ... yes , i suppose . shinji ikari from neon genesis evangelion and butters from south park . shinji is an obvious infp , same with gendo being intj . i agree with rei being intp.asuka is harder to type as she is so damaged . i would say enfj ( though hideki anno said the entire cast are ... not wanting to sound insensitive by being frank but you obviously do not know anything about gender dysphoria . did you even read the links ? do you believe you know more about this subject than a ... anti depressants . nice , the koreans and japanese guys are so androgenous . i love it . shame there's no thanks option for this thread . i notice we have none for sarcasm , though one could argue that this being so has prevented many a row on the forum . i'm on several meds for anxiety and mood disorders . does oral count . : tongue : i can barely remember . it wasn't an emotional act , sadly . i think it was when i was about twenty . i was extremely shy and a hermit during my teens . i can't understand these heartless far right wing and social darwinist types . i just avoid them , they angry the blood . i am good at every discipline except math . i hate it with a vengence . biology and physics are fascinating . it is ? christmas must have come early then . : confused : yes , there is overwhelmingly strong evidence for brain sex . see the case of david reimer also . evidence shows male to female transgenders have female ... elfen lied , neon genesis evangelion . blazblue really needs to be made into an anime . i dislike labelling myself but i would certainly be leaning towards liberal . '