' i believe that she just didn't want to accept it . when i told her beforehand , it was as if i was saying that i had a disease . i don't get it , because i'm not a religious person but from what i see ... honesty is the best policy ! it worked out well for me , right ? ;) you should say what it is that you really want to say . i promise to try and not get offended it affected me greatly being raised one way only at such a young age . it's such a critical stage of development that is scares me , but my upbringing had other things happen factored in so i can't ... i sat down with her and talked to her about it . she backed off the divorce thing but let me know that it will be difficult in the future when our child is asking about what's right and wrong . just ... you may be right viva , there may be something else . unfortunately , all i can go on is what has been presented to me . it was a gradual change from agnostic to an agnostic skeptic but in the eyes of ... to the ones who are asking about knowledge of this before the marriage . i openly told her that i was agnostic before the marriage many times . by many , i mean every time that i was having problems ... i've hinted at it even before we were married . i've said it many times , but today i blatantly came out and said it when she told me that we needed to go to church tomorrow . i told her that i didn't ... i'm not sure if being tyler durden would be good for me or not . lol . i like the smashing pumpkins ... their sound matches my personality , not always the lyrics but the sound if that makes sense . head petting is good . :D it was more or less a joke referring to the stereotyped alpha male of old . i am unfortunately a dark infp at the moment . i blame it on bullying , relationship problems , parental problems , and moving every 5 years as a child . my whole slogan for the last 10 years or so ... if the world was full of infps then all of the men would be beta males , so eventually we would all die out due to fear of rejection ( or caring too much about women to club them over the head ) . :P i play them all ! i do prefer story oriented games like mass effect , skyrim , and ff but if i only played those then i'd miss out on all of the others . ha . i am playing saints row 3 , mw3 , skyrim , ... mine is from the foo fighter song everlong and 24 was my basketball number . quiet but can be quite social around the right people , can be anxious , avoids disagreement , over exaggerates certain emotional reactions , and hates big crowds . i like 1.fight club 2.eternal sunshine of the spotless mind 3.groundhog day 4.american beauty 5.inception 6.lost in translation 7.the truman show it's dark and sarcastic but not too dark .. shock value humor is overrated . i'm a sucker for self help books , so i read a lot into things such as reprogramming the way we think . some situations bring a lot of anxiety into my life , so i try to combat that . the idea is to ... in my quest for the meaning of life or honestly .. just to be happy the majority of the time , i've studied christianity , buddhism , tao , eckhart tolle , and allan watts . i really am interested in ... ok .. so i've been trying the laughter and acting like i don't care . it would work a lot better if the insults didn't actually bother me . lol . please explain the second method . * * evil grin * * pearl jam - the end i would post a youtube video , but i'm at work ! yes , yes , yes , yes and yes . i'm a big fan of chuck palahniuk . his books can be a little dark and depressing though . i really liked fight club and survivor . mine is extremely low , but i can't sleep . it's as if i think myself into exhaustion , but i think too much to go to sleep ! i have been diagnosed as depressed / anxious well over 10 times since i was 16 . i could never make up my mind if it was just me or some form of mental disease . i define depressed as a lack of emotion ... i just spent an hour reading an intp profile and nodding my head . i started off thinking isfp or infp . my social interaction problems stem from everything in that article . i read / research tons of ... so basically , i'm an istp who over analyzes things but realizes after a while that i need to try and relate to people ( conform ) . this could explain my constant questioning of my personality type . ... people often tell me that i take jokes too far . i could go further .. ;) i'm starting to strongly believe that i'm istp , because 95 % of the time .. i lack emotion . i wonder if it's because past events ( bullying , parenting , etc .. ) have caused my brain to shield itself from ... istps are optimistic , full of good cheer , loyal to their equals , uncomplicated in their desires , generous , trusting and receptive people who want no part in confining commitments . i'm starting ... whoops .. i filled out the wrong one before but hey , that gives you more info i guess . lol 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i get very anxious around people . i ... 1 . when working on a project where do you place your emphasis ? the process of putting it together ? or the final product ? ( do you experiment with your perspectives to create ideas ? when doing a ... i might do that .. any particular questions that i need to answer ? nevermind , i found an old form . i'm filling it out now . i've taken multiple personality tests that suggest either infp or isfp . if people know me , then i'm very talkative and have been told that i have good humor . when i'm around people i don't know , i ... in my leadership role at my last job , i was good friends with everybody and could communicate with them all day . problem was , i lacked the ability to correct problems . a pushover per se ... i'm still ... on a long enough timeline , the survival rate for everyone drops to zero . - narrator from fight club sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken . - tyler durden i love ... to kytaari , i live in the deep southern part of the united states too and can relate to what you are saying . people who live her do not want to go against the grain . it can be quite frustrating ... hopefully , that can help give you sort of an idea of what we are like . : happy : wow . so many great responses here , it's nice to know that i'm not the only one going through this . i will try and have more quality time with my daughter instead of just having constant play time . ... i don't make much money at all , and i do feel like the lack of aggression has cost me money . i refuse to play the game of trampling over people's feelings to get ahead though so i'll gladly take my ... first of all , the only relationship that has lasted over a week is the one that led to marriage , so i don't have very good relationship advice . :p roud : secondly , i'm so sorry that i constantly ask ... well , i'm 26 years old so i'm not so sure things will be changing any time soon . no need to apologize , we all function differently . :) this one just gets me pumped up ... gotta love the foos ! acey , you hit it dead on . conan o brien is one of my favorite comedians because he uses self-deprecating humor . i love humor , so i started pointing out my flaws to people as well , jokingly of ... i agree that attempting to be interested in small talk would be beneficial . if i wouldn't have done that , then i wouldn't have any of the friends that i have now . my problem is , i end up ... i have read that our personality type is very rare , like 5-6 % of the population . when i read that , it made it easier for me to explain why i feel so disconnected from people . i find it hard to ... funny you say that billy , fight club is my favorite movie . lol . infj + infp my wife is infj . she's the organized , task oriented , no nonsense personality in our relationship . if there's a problem with a rude employee or person , she'll be the one who unleashes ... '