' i had a lot of difficulty determining my type . i thought i had a 9w1 type for a year , a 7w6 type for two years . currently , i think i have a 3w4 type . i say think because i was so certain in the ... which core types would you say are overrated and underrated in the working / business world ? communication can be hard sometimes , especially when you're trying to communicate feelings . they're slippery things . and it's okay to want and need more . i hope you feel better and find someone ... i'm not really sure what went on here , but you do matter . if he makes you feel that way , maybe he just isn't healthy for you . or maybe it's all a miscommunication . you would know best . my list-making , planning , scheduling , and organization habits . if i could , i would probably plan out my entire life . and then i would record it as it happens . as it is , i have lists for everything ... ... knowing what to say . ... knowing what to do , to decide , to think , to feel ... ... finding contentment , letting myself be happy . ... keeping still , being inactive . ... keeping my room ... once , a neighbor told me that she tried to be a good neighbor . she was a christian and an elderly woman who wanted to go to heaven . she told me to come see her if i needed anything and made the same ... it's all a matter of perspective . however , i'd say , if you are looking for a long-lasting relationship , it is wiser to choose someone : reliable rather than reckless : someone who's going to stick ... at the approach of a friend's wedding , i am confronted by a fear of both weddings and marriage . mine , i worry , is not an appropriate mentality for a bridesmaid . perhaps , my terror is the ... from a global ( theorizing ) perspective , i believe we are all soulmates--all connected through our souls . they bind us to each other . at some basic level , we are all the same . to love one person is to ... overwhelmed , but i know everything will be okay . once upon a time . . . there lived a boy ( or a girl ) and a girl ( or a boy ) . considering polygamy , there possibly lived several boys and girls . they were star-crossed lovers , true loves , the ... i don't know what i'm doing . and i don't understand reality so well . so i just do whatever i want . i ignore my limitations , wear myself out completely , have a crying fit about once a week , and ... perhaps loneliness , like all pain , is simply a warning . people are not meant to be ruled . we are meant to be wild ! : kitteh : i will destroy civilization , create chaos , resign from my position , and watch the rebirth . when i was a child , they told me right from wrong . they told me how to act , what to admire or to abhor , and what to believe . i listened . i rejected and accepted at my pleasure . my mind would be my ... when you can be with them without losing your self ( if you're not you and you're not truly there , you can't love someone ) i haven't experienced people leaving . but i've been on the other side of it . i've been the one who left . when i was 12 , my family moved . i had the option to stay behind and seriously considered ... feelings influence all of us , thinkers and feelers alike . we simply handle and react to them in different ways . for awareness , i'd say start with your actions rather than your feelings . feelings ... do-or-die determination is the only thing that works for me . quitting is not an option ! give up and you might as well be dead ! it's like when you are walking in the snow . you're freezing and ... i am easily and willingly manipulated . especially by the people i love . when they're upset ( even if it's unreasonable or irrational ) , i feel weighted and compelled to do something or to find some ... i've never taken illegal ( usa ) drugs . however , i was introduced to taking masses of prescription or otc drugs at an early age . which is likely why i am now averse to drugs : prescription or ... i have always been ambitious . attempted to sell my scribbles at age three . planned to become a famous pianist at age four . directed my first movie ( i was certain it would be an instant success ! ) ... : kitteh : absurdist the truth is usually buried under nonsensical explanations and attempts at logic . it has a quiet presence . it doesn't need to shout . it knows its importance . it influences you before you are even ... dreams can be a little disturbing sometimes . :) now , keep in mind that what i am about to say is purely theory . when a person appears in your dreams , that person represents a part of your ... someone : you're the quietest person i've ever seen . me : you mean ' heard , ' right ? :) me inside : flattered , but what's with your tone . wtf , there is nothing wrong with being quiet ! edit : ... tired . moody , which always accompanies the tired . don't want to be alone , which has been the philosophy of the past few days and is the reason for the tired . wanting to cuddle with someone ( platonic ) ... it's never too late to take a trip to the past . through memories , photographs , or visiting your old haunts . secret playgrounds . dark tunnels . hollowed-out bushes . climbing trees . water pumps ... for me , makeup is often a habit . though , sometimes , it can be an art form . what color will go well with this outfit ? what color best draws out your eyes ? and then , there's the question of how much ... things you should know about me ... 1 . when i was a kid and we needed to walk somewhere , my dad used to follow me around to make sure i didn't run into anything . one time , he looked away for a ... your comparison to a pill reminds me of lad's post . perhaps there are behavioral as well as physical pills ... hmm ... as for the rest , i was not trying to force anyone . if i were , i would use ... are there any specific memories from your life that stand out to you as times when you were being the most you ? something you said or something you did ? a sense of ' who you were ' as a child ? or at ... the rules of tickling 1 . everyone is ticklish somewhere . mwa-ha-ha-ha ! ( maybe not entirely true ... but it's best to believe it anyway as most who say they aren't are trying to trick you ! ) 2 ... as well as your strengths ( great ideas from telepariah and oh_no_she_didnt ) , you can also make use of your weaknesses . try using your self-absorption to keep your friends ( i . e . be considerate of ... 1 . do you have any enemies currently ? no , no true enemies . i am willing to play at enemies for the sake of fun or for a game . else wise , i try to win everyone over . 2 . did you have any ... most protagonists have an antagonist . ... in this respect--at least for me--it's best to simply be your most weird , crazy , outrageous self ( that seems completely normal and logical to you ) ! show your peacock colors ! if i'm interested in ... whenever someone says put it out of it's misery ( generally referring to a mortally-wounded animal ) , i want to say , let's put you out of your misery ! : angry : the scary part is , if i said it , ... what do you say to a person you are expected to ask out on a blind date ? semi-direct : hello , this is the friend of your friend's sister's roommate . my friend said your friend wanted to set us up ... i have trouble accepting that i am flawed , less than perfect , not good enough . . . especially at the things that i want to be good at , that i pride myself in , that i make my ambitions . . . ... a giant field . with the sprinklers turned on . live bands or loud music coming from speakers . no lights , just the stars and the moon . everyone masked by the night ( so that no one need feel ... my inner world is somewhat dark . there's a lot of stored pain there . fear . paranoia . stress . anger . anxiety . sadness . despondency . disappointment . loneliness . confusion . denial . repression ... i've been looking after her for five weeks . making sure she gets up in the morning , takes her medicine , eats , sleeps , bathes . . . there's a small nag in the back of my mind worrying about her ... i'm another forever single . and proud ( as well as frightened ) to say that no one on my mom's side of the family younger than me ( of which , there are ten cousins--ages 1 to 21 ) has ever been in a ... i'm tired of saying , i miss you . ( cue dreaming of a world where everyone i love lives within walking distance . : bored :) we went to see a movie together years ago . whenever something funny happened , he looked at me and we smiled and laughed together . it felt special . so recently , i noticed he usually does that , ... i used to extremely dislike and distrust authority figures . the idea of an unknown individual having power over you can be frightening . now , i mainly see them as ordinary people in difficult ... six steps to develop te take this . break it into parts . i'll build an impenetrable fortress with a giant shark tank in the middle . :) there will be lots of secret passageways and trapdoors and such . in the bedrooms , the floor will be a giant bed ... '