' i see someone looking for freedom , trying to escape the life she's trapped in ... decisions that need courage to be made . you know you're a thinker ... when you have the thinker sculpture as your avatar ... say one thing and doing another . no i don't , most people today only think of themselves , and they're so busy with their lives that they don't even have the time to notice others around them . not also . a friend : a person attached to another by feelings of affection or personal regard . so i only have one , even if i know some people , they can't be defined as friends . the two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why . - mark twain . someone once said seek first to understand then to be understood , so you can tune your frequency button and then communicate in the same channel . in your case , you seem a bit frustrated and feel ... today , just listening to a song made me cry , i wished i could pull my heart out just to stop feeling this thing and let my brain take control again . what a strange moment , good thing that they are ... she seems to like the attention you give her , she has some sort of power over you . one ( several ) last word , sometimes , actions speak louder than words . she did the terrible thing , there was no need for you to apologize . now she has power over you by not giving what you want , an explanation to solve the problem , it's like a punishment . you know what you have to do to save yourself from another heart break dear istjs good to know there are people you can count on , will do what they say , be there when you expect . that's the way things are supposed to be but for some people , it's asking too much ... sorry to disappoint you . :p roud : 83573 somewhere in spain . i really like infps , too bad the few that i met online forget about people . she needs to go , so me and the rest of the family can be happy forever ... did you actually thought about your brother , that he may like her style and love her ? difficult to find a win-win solution to that , if you put yourself first , the relationship will deteriorate , but compromise and act against your will may be worst for you in the end . not expressing emotions , not feeling anything , but everything stay inside until it's full , and someday it must go out , in not so nice ways . i would like to see what the poster's relation had become . read how to win every argument : the use and abuse of logic from madsen pirie . the facts ( being an intj ) , because in the first post of this thread , it is pretty obvious that she doesn't care about anyone , the cheating , the on / off loving , the loving while seeing someone else . ... caring and defending someone who plays with people and their feelings ... i wish you'll never met someone like that . crash is in my top list of sad movies , i think i am more receptive to sadness than happiness , but don't know why and never wanted to . it's the name of a queen , it's original and different . maybe he's just frustrated because you are right , he's wrong , and he has no arguments . enfj's main interest in life is giving love , support , and a good time to other people . they are focused on ... why do you want to be someone you are not , an introvert with extrovert activities ? no surprise that you feel bad at the end . you seem like an f who seek revenge because the bad intj has made you suffer . i can't take so much compliments . : blushed : sandwich i never met someone who kept a promise , so i rarely trust somebody who makes one . here you can have an idea of the salary you can expect in different countries across europe . even if your ... the map is not the territory , just because they say that doesn't mean it's right . you can see if you have an option in your browser to enable plug-ins only in demand , in opera , it is in preferences , advanced tab , content section . it won't load the flash videos this way . i would really like to know some people in this forum , but i don't know what i could say in a first contact . i have hitchhiker's thumb , means i can bend my thumbs back to make a 90 degree angle . you have a high level of adoration for them , be careful because you may fall hard if you are wrong . we both have a point , i think we have reached the limits for this thread . if she's doing it for herself because she likes nice clothes , it is not . doing it for attracting men ( and women ) eyes , it is manipulating , because it fits your definition perfectly : have an ... laeona always the kind words and good advice ... why didn't you asked him what he meant with his answer ? - that's not what i mean - so what does it mean ? it's obvious that she have found something in you that no one offers , you are the answer to her need ; you can't save her if she doesn't want to , she's in a hole at the moment and in the long run , ... you know some , i can't tell the same . support them , don't put too much pressure and let them do their own thing and you will be fine with them . i'm sure you have done your best to help the intjs get what they want , but i don't know if they have accepted , in this case , the best you can do is respect their decision , they are grown men and will ... it's difficult for me to imagine an enfj spending time alone . the second part about intjs means persistence and determination , some good qualities . is being able to live by yourself important to you ? ( meaning you are very independent in your life ) win-win seems the only option for you , it's understandable because we can achieve greater results . in case none wants to compromise , no-deal is the exit . '