' 46 % infj 22 % isfj 15 % intj 6 % enfj 3 % istj not suprised to see all the ijs there . six : the trooper procrastinating . thinking replaces doing . avoiding action . ( this is likely my number one problem in life . overthinking things i should just do ) high goals , often with a ... zwanglos i will end stating i am not for abolishing of guns . i think anyone who wants to abolish guns is crazy . i have no problem with hunting weapons and , as long as the person is licensed , ... i will assume you correlate guns with the lower amount of rapes , is that correct ? regardless , homicide rates in countries with tough gun control are much lower then america's . edit : i would also ... sun in sagittarius moon in capricorn mercury in scorpio venus in scorpio mars in pisces jupiter in pisces saturn in sagittarius uranus in sagittarius neptune in capricorn pluto in scorpio it's not a decline in humanity . humanity must fall from somewhere to decline . if one takes a look at humanity's past , they will notice that globally we are in one of the most humane points out of ... my father called me harold when i was a kid . i was annoyed by it so i named my first pet harold . in highschool , i had three nicknames . the tank because i was very hard to take down in rugby ... thank you ^ ^ i returned around the time i made that post and i am looking forward to rejoining the community . dear myself , why is it that you cant look at your thanks without feeling a sort of dread . these are what peole liked ! enjoy your quirkness or i will for you . sincerely , an infj ideally , it would just be relaxing the entire day away which is ideal for everyday . unfortunately , i procrastinated a fair amount this weekend so there is chores and homework to be done . i ... the two left feet was crucial to get enough quill insertion . i feel i have come closer to enlightenment because of my perseverance and two left feet . i have every right to seek clarity and whether or not a mod felt it was worthy is not my concern . why a mod thought it was is my current question . i have always found the number of threads to be ... dear the little things in life , you can truly make my day . my day would of been crappie if it wasn't for you . ^ ^ you made an awesome day out of the above day i dreaded . grateful , a relaxed ... you are typing yourself on behavior , i assume ? i will dispel some major mbti myths right here . myth # 1 feelers are empathetic and care about all that cross their path , especially the ... that is what i did . xd my mood was a bit down when i was writing that . as a kid though i was immature so i guess it bothered me alot . i am very competitive in games . i prefer losing a hard ... because i was serious in a warmer thread , i present a somewhat fitting video . unfortunately no . i remember when i was younger when i got too good at somethings and beat everyone every time at them ... they just stopped playing with me . i felt like i lost because i won . > . > what ... i keep up with world news , politics , and tech news . i could care less about celebs , sports and minor crimes . one exception for sports , go edmonton oilers ! > < gotta check how many points gagner ... human . tzm will go nowhere . it is incredibly idealistic and infeasible . the future it paints is bright , but my mind can paint many similarly idealistic worlds . it just refuses to acknowledge some human ... birds seems to be growing by the minute . i have my suspicions about ohtomicho and birds myself . we should be ready to protect ourselves if this becomes big . who knows who we might lose to birds . maybe he means something else then our feathered friends and we are unaware of this mystery that also shares the name birds ? i tend to associate world events , government policies and the like with major shifts inside people . every major inner shift is shown outward . everyone i know seems to be the same inside . to me it's ... i am not getting this . focus of leaders will remain on the economy . i expect a quieter year after the last year . people will go on with their lives . major world events will of course happen , but ... i wasn't trying to argue if people should or should not use facebook , but explain it's merely a tool . i feel i came out a tad pro facebook without the intention of doing so . i really don't like when ... as i always say about facebook stuff , its the people that create your personal experience . the friends on my facebook are only from two sources . the first is my childhood friends who are great people ... * readies for his match with ohtomicho by grabbing rubber chickens in each hand * you are on ! : angry : i will defeat you so i never need to type that infuriating capitals in the middle username ... i can't believe a thread with such a great opening post has devolved into this . malovane why exactly did you possibly exclude esfjs in post 33 ? catcus_waltz , i have always enjoyed your humour xd i will take that as a compliment and supporting evidence . if people need to get a dose of how likely people mistype , this right here you know youre infj when shows you how it is very likely . ... elemental i agree on most of what you said . i keep debating on putting up infjs aren't saints in my signature for over a year now . one of the things that made me want to put it up was the ... i could debate this all night with you , but i highly doubt one of us will budge and i have better things to do . i am not saying it's one or the other . some infjs will crush easily and some won't . your thinking is incredibly black and white . carl jung has said that functions ( and therefore types ) have ... there are differences between people in each type . the reason they are that actual type is because of the thought patterns not their behavior . there are mistyped people i can assure you that , but ... i do agree that you shouldn't let a type define you , but not with the rest . the problem is the tests are flawed and type on cookie-cutter behavior . if you don't fall in the cookie-cutter definitions ... * overhears conversation while engaged in an fencing duel with sticks with a friend * you want to know who's cuter ? * jabs at my opponent then jumps on the couch and continues clashing * intjs because ... dear yawning self , sleep ! sincerely , an infj's body dear my body , > . > - i believe i am more practical then most infjs . - i don't like monty python . - i don't like star wars . - meaning isn't very important to me in most cases . - i am happy . - i like being in ... 6 though i have debated the wing for awhile and still am . the wing is either really weak and i am having problems perceiving it or they are balanced . the posts i relate to most are made by ... dear self , you became more aware of who you are . if i could give you a word that encompasses you the most , it would be rejection . you have erred in path and repressed ever aspect of yourself you ... ^ ^ ; ; sorry , i didn't quite make it clear . the first paragraph of my last post was all in the context of someone who preferred fe because the original example was about a fj ( infj specifically ) . i ... above is false . fe is being used . the fe values from the culture the person was native to is being used to reject the actions of the ax murderers . fe isnt about being nice all the time or always ... * sighs * . way too many things that really don't get to the core of people having problems determining their type . people need to learn the functions to learn their type ... dear bast , no , not at all . most often people dont mind and i actually prefer that freely move between subforums since it allows a different perspective that we as collective could be blind to . i ... xd i have been a heretic since the day i was born . edit : ^ ^ i am the heretic of infj . ^ ^ my new title . am i the only infj that doesn't like monty python ? dear intp brother , did we really talk about chumins last night while bbqing last night ? sincerely , a slightly confused about how that came up as a topic infj dear other brother , dear zombie threads , please die , what i have said in some of you i don't even agree with . i was quite unhealthy then and my posts in you do not reflect who i am today or my views . sincerely , ... dear self , all your hard work and perseverance is paying off . you have suffered greatly in your life . you felt the pain of near complete loss of free will , betrayal from the only person you ... '