' i daydream . a lot . i'll make up full-blown stories in my head . it's a lot of fun . source : for the past 5 years , or maybe itx 92s more like 10 , ix92ve been meaning to publish a new yearx 92s day column offering a bold resolution for ... source : for the past 5 years , or maybe it ’ s more like 10 , i ’ ve been meaning to publish a new year ’ s day ... the quote is a description of the inner workings of the istp mind . what you're describing with the inventor vs the getrdun mode sounds like dominant ne and weaker secondary ti to me . istps are ... figure out ways to liven up routine stuff like housework . also , self-bribery works wonders . that's an impossible goal . you can't simply choose to forget your beliefs , and why should you ? poke them , prod them and question them relentlessly , but don't try to forget them . beliefs are largely ... drmiller 100 i'm having a ne moment here . do you relate to the following ? that we're all doc brown from back to the future and that we lack morals , ethics and a conscience . you're depressed . has it been a dark , crappy winter where you are ? if so , maybe it's seasonal affective disorder . go outside . get some sun . if you can't get sunlight on your skin , buy some vitamin ... saved from an unnecessary book purchase ? ... i love you ! * hugs * all of your friends seem to be worried about you . the ones that call you stupid probably don't actually believe you are stupid . they have likely picked up on the fact that you would hate to be seen ... personality , i think you're cursed here in the entp forum . if you create a post , the fighting will begin ! : crying : anyway , are you happy with the esfp label ? does it fit like a glove ? is it like ... i think you intps might experience the cognitive empathy described here : maria konnikova having high standards in this regard is admirable , and the fact that you've openly admitted them ( even on the internet ) indicates courage . very nice ! when you meet the one , she might not live up ... take away their freedom and make them feel stupid while you're at it . one of my favorite people in the whole wide world happens to be an infj . hanging out with her just seems quite natural . i can be myself without filtering . i'm a hot head who experiences bouts of temper at unexpected times . for this reason , my family giggles uncontrollably at the idea of me being a cool headed rational . i get excited frequently , but ... you won't be able to talk him out of being a mooch . cut him off . a hungry entp is a productive entp . i've screamed eww ! twice during this thread ; my dog thinks i'm insane . i'm am disappointed with the guys listed . of all the men in the world , why them ? speak for yourself . : tongue : finally ! someone brought god back into this discussion about spirituality . immature entps do this . i wouldn't say it's a mature trait . learning to ... you're pretty awesome . just saying . i never thought about what it would be like to have two teachers in a relationship . i love to teach people , but not everyone likes to be taught . fascinating ! ... the istjs i've known have been awesome people . they haven't always been easy to get to know , but i value the stability they bring to a relationship . i can count on them , always , and it makes me want ... incorrect is incorrect . there are many individuals who speak multiple languages with better skill and accuracy than you have demonstrated . i point this out because you are quick to label other people ... would an estp be caught dead wearing a shirt that says : there's no place like 127.0 . 0.1 ? i don't really see it . i started off making the stuff i related to blue , but now it's all blue . so either ... someone accused me of doing drugs not too long ago . when i got done laughing hysterically at the idea , they felt even more certain . ha ! hello , clueless ... i mean , floo ! : kitteh : you're too young to be accurately typed . your tertiary function hasn't unfolded yet , making an accurate four letter typing improbable . * imagines an entp city * dear god ! : shocked : a though process ? hmm . i've never heard of that before . i'm not sure what an ideia is , either . eufemism ? oh ! did you mean euphemism ? :d ry : seriously ? maybe you should hold off on calling someone else ... when i was a child , i could and would talk to anyone about anything , any time or place . then when i hit puberty , i was panicky about meeting new people ; i would even choke up around people i knew ... plenty of your quips were indeed pointless , and they failed to add anything of value to the discussion . you are being a bully , and entps have no respect for bullies . oh , and by the way , who made ... i went through cycles of tomboyishness followed by bouts of extreme girliness during my childhood years . it just depended on whether i cared enough to put forth the effort to be feminine ; the default ... my negative ( or traumatizing , for those with a dramatic bent ) memories tend to pull energy away from me rather than towards me . they also make me a depressed and antisocial asshole . i've never tried ... oh my gosh ! what fun ! ! ! hey , that's my line ! are you sure you're an entj ? ' cause you sound an awful lot like an entp to me . that movie is so not the bestest . don't do it ! read the book ( the book is excellent ) but never , ever watch the movie . it's a flaming pile of poo . be the awesomeness you wish to see in the world . - u200bgandhi ... when you realize you've been staring off and others are observing you with fascination . art is anything that delivers a powerful emotional experience . books , music , paintings , nature . even a meal can be an expression of art in everyday life . the world is brimming with art to enjoy . i'm still trying to find the essence of the type myself . if you stumble upon anything amazing , please share . : kitteh : on a team with me , they can't be fun . they're too busy trying to counter my antics and keep us moving towards the end goal . for an entp , si is the anti-fun function . but for a si-dom , i'm sure ... i don't understand the logic behind choosing istj as the anti-entp . istjs are awesome , but stiff . they need to let loose sometimes . this is where an entp can help them out a bit . on a team , they ... america needs a better mental health system in place . when imbalanced people can't get the help they need , tragedies like this happen . it's not guns , videogames , drugs or anything else we like to use ... alone in a room full of people is the most potent loneliness there is . hee hee . here you go , then ! let's see ... i fear never getting my shit together . i fear getting my shit together ... too late ! * dun dun dun * i fear losing my family / friends to sickness . don't ask me why it's sickness ... i bet everyone comes here hoping that . : kitteh : welcome to the forum . we have approximately 30 bajillion infps here , so surely someone will get you . :D for today , i'm fixated on : * personality theory * improving written english skills / ap style * personal growth , productivity , achievement * cooking shall i break out the foil helmets ? : shocked : get away from him immediately . if you think of him in the future , pray for him or something . but get yourself away . '