' yeah , i liked the history of the character . ambitious , brilliant , aware of his mistakes and eager to repair them . what a pity we didn't see his evolution in the movie . there are so many . what popped out of my mind : game of thrones ( based on books ) tyrion lannister - littlefinger - varys - daenerys harry potter ( based on books ) percy weasley - severus rogue ... hi again , sorry but i really don't think there's anything between you two except for a professional relationship . i'm a computer engineering student too , and the guy who chased me was a ... hi everyone , i discovered the mbti test at school when my teachers decided to make effective working groups . that helpt me a lot understanding people and i immediately inquired my friends ' type ... well , i've read the entire threads . nothing more pops out of my head . this morning , i've just experienced one of my closest friend betraying my trust to play me a prank . i felt more insulted than ... that's a cool plan . if you could apply those rules , you will definitely get a genuine answer . that being said , just be careful with reading signals . i don't like physical contact either , but ... what do you mean by comfortable ? like i actually enjoy social situations or i can live with that ? for the first definition , i'm not at this phase yet , though there are 7-8 people with whom i can ... i don't like either to be manipulative or lie , i even abhor white lies . when my most sensitive friends ask my opinions about their dress / hair cut , i ask them if they want the truth or a lie . that's ... i'll try a translation of napoleon bonaparte : geniuses are like meteors . they are doomed to burn to enlighten their centuries . 1 ) nop , i'm not skilled enough . furthermore , there's a school of hairdresser near my house and for $ 10 , they cut just what is it needed so as my hair won't bother me . 2 ) i don't like the beginning , ... shit , that was tricky ! thanks for this riddle ! hi , you seem to be a good guy , however , i don't think there's a thing here . this is how i acted when i knew i loved him : 1 ) i answer to his text messages and develop my answers . 2 ) i ... my friends are not as interested as me concerning mbti . however , throughout the description they made about me , i may say they think me as an estp . maybe because both of those types are blunt , ... i'm not particularly into the creating theory stuff . i'd rather learn an existent theory , then try to find a useful application out of it . this must be the reason why i like computer science so ... this is my favorite creepy mystery . hi , i think you can't get over it until you know the reasons of this break up . can you in some way contact her ? ( friends in common , social networks , places she usually used to be ) what ... i've never liked to be pictured , and with the rise of social networks , i hate it even more . whenever i see my face in a friend's publication , it seems like my private life is violated . of course , ... yup , as i've mentioned in the infjs ' relationships topic , two years ago , i met this great infj guy whom i immediately connected with . i only realized my feelings for him when he told me he had ... i don't have a long-term addiction but i could have some moments where i'm obsessed with something and would learn everything about it . right now , it's chocolate and mbti types . depends on the person who moves my stuff and whether i'm there when he / she moves it . if i'm here and a clouds in the head person moves my stuff , i watch carefully where he / she puts it , if it's ... oh yeah , i had physics courses as well . they were compulsory courses you had to attend for 3 years , then you can deepen those knowledge or choose comp sci options . needless to say , i'm glad those ... interesting , where do you live ? :) it seems the word engineer depends on the country , because in france , you could be an engineer without applying physics ^ ^ ( for instance , financial , software , ... yup , my fellow students and i had to take the mbti tests ( that's how i discovered this test ) . there were even two / three shrinks who were to asset our answers . that's why , i know for sure that people ... most of the time , people don't insult other people for free . so , when person a insulted my friend b , my first question is why do you say thah ? . then , after listening to their arguments , i ... from my perspective , xnfps are the kind of friends who worshiped me . sometimes , it frightens me to see this flood of cuddles and those unstoppable questions about my private life . most of them don't ... i can't handle alcohol very well ( one glass and i'm drunk ) , so i tend to never drink . 1st and last time i ever drank : laughed a lot , asked for cuddles , being 100x times clumsier than i used to be , ... i forgot to add that my fellow students and i had to take the mbti test at the beginning of the first semester in order to make efficient work group . and so far , i've never met any female intj in my ... hi , i'm a engineering student . ( i'm gonna be graduated after my double degree :) ) in france , i'm in what we called non-specialized engineering school , so i basically learn a wide range of ... i'm not a computer , that's jut the way i do to improve myself . i really hate losing , specially when what i thought was a perfect plan has bees destroyed by my opponent . being readable is a weakness ... 1 ) feel frustrated 2 ) ask the winner how he / she trained himself / herself 3 ) apply his / her methods 4 ) ask for a new challenge 5 ) if i won -> satisfied , if i lost -> go back to 1 ) :) yey , i like rpg games ! so depending the rpg games , a class may have a different name so i would just describe what would be mine . i tend to play the more ' difficult ' class to play , which is , ... it depends on the teachers , they either see great potentials in me either as an asocial / arrogant / cold student . the first ones are the ones who keep their distance with their students , and are ... 1 ) give up all of my responsibilities . live in an autonomous house , cultivate my own vegetables . 2 ) peace ( not the make peace but the leave me alone peace . 3 ) arrogance / pride . i tend to ... i think both of you care for each other . however , each of you has a different standard concerning quality time ( he needs to see / be with / hear you less than you do . ) i had the same problem ... the friend i get along with the most in my school is an isfj . i didn't know that these two types didn't match . she made me notice people's feelings . ( i tend to speak frankly and not care about ... in my early teens ( 12 ) , i was bullied by three guys ( harassing , stupid nicknames , spreading rumors ) . it was one of my toughest time . the teacher knew it but never made them stop the whole year . next ... martini back to middle school , i tried to fit in society . i tried to get interested in gossips / bad mouthing / drinking parties / etc ... i adapted pretty well and was in the popular band . but , ... - after watching my friends move something actually , there were 2 other ways to do it faster and with less energy . - sorry , there are too much noise so i'm just gonna put my headphone . - ... french ( fluent ) , chinese ( 2 dialects and mandarin fluent ) , i get by in japanese and english . ( i don't know if you count it as a language , but i know morse corde , french braille and i'm currently ... seems like your post have drowned . so i , myself , don't get art either . when i look at a painting , i am the one who says it's realistic or there's 0 chance to be in that position ! , then i ask ... my motto : try all the things you can i want to know whether weeds makes me as high as they say on tv ? whether climbing the everest is as dangerous ? whether love is as magical ? i like to test ... my roomate student is a male enfp , and i sincerely can't feel the so described sparkles of the enfp-intj connection . ( in one of our class , we had to take the mbti test , so i'm sure he's an enfp . ) i ... i work hard on that stuff but i really care about my privacy . i have even developed a technique to prevent from my friend's questions . i don't want to talk about it + a sad face . they immediatly ... i personally hate it . so glad i don't need to attend this course anymore . yeah , i also like them a lot otherwise i wouldn't call them friends . their optimism and warmth are like sunbeams and i envy their love for life . nevertheless , i also enjoy peaceful place where i ... the only intj i know well is my father . we don't get along very well since he has his positions and doesn't want to change them ( like his ideal son-in-law , family , ideal child etc ... ) and neither am ... you seem really like a few friends of mine . though i enjoy their company , and escaping their endless sharing of love is quite entertaining , i must advice you to never push him too hard . one day , ... omg , it scares me off when i read that they were true quotes ... i've thought that the hate-contact thing was just me . ( all the bolded text are things i have said ) infj : oh i have an idea to ... if i didn't have family or friends that matter to me , then yes . but it's not the case , so no , it does bother me if i hurt a friend's friend for exemple . although , my friends / family said that ... don't try to be normal '