' fdt yes , you are correct . i don't know who you are . sorry if i overstepped my bounds . at the end of the day it is certainly you who knows best . if you're interested in continuing let me know , but i ... fdt yes , you are correct . i don't know who you are . sorry if i overstepped my bounds . at the end of the day it is certainly you who knows best . if you're interested in continuing let me know , but i ... no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , nooo . you're going about this , thinking , mapping , and trying to dissect it too hard , that you're actually making careless mistakes in your process and screwing ... delusions okay . sorry for the hiatus ; had to take care of a few things and got distracted . based on the desire for accomplishment / competency , i could very well be an istj . don't say or think ... i'm shrugging my shoulders right now . i won't say anything , but you're probably going to change back to intp sometime later down the road . but for now , i just encourage you to keep exploring . hey sorry , i got sidetracked by other issues . here's your reply . i won't tell you the comment that made me widen my eyes . i prefer not to tell people exact details about how i'm ... obstinatesnooperr tomorrow i'll reply . it's late over here =( good question . and sorry the alerts for this site are wonky . i don't get notified at all of replies . i will give you one probably late tonight or tomorrow . lol . obstinate you're going to make me pull my hair out . you definitely have ne from what i've seen . and what you describe is really ne working like se + ni . that's where you might be mixing things ... understood . well you know where to find me obstinate =) . if you ever want to talk about anything just let me know . sure thing , it's my pleasure obstinate . i don't do a lot of typing , but i am deep into the ones i actually start . about your values , it was towards the later-middle half if i ... obstinatesnooperr that's okay . after all , you do know best , and type should ultimately be decided by that person alone . however , things people say about you , comments people make as an outsider ... oh you're so nice and respectful : tongue : . okay , you may have already seen me type a few other people in the forum , but this is basically what i do . i take a list of all 16 personality types , and ... obstinate ! you and that head of yours are certainly tricky , i will give you that , but i'm putting in the muscle to get you out of this . your main functions are a little bit ... lol . you make me laugh . i can already tell it's going to be a blast speaking with you . you are right on two things . one . you did insult my conclusion . two . i do want to gauge your reactions to what i ... sure , i'll take this . the enigmatic intj . if you want me to go through the full motions / chart , let me know and i'll do that for you . okay obstinate , here we go . this is a little bit time consuming , but i do this for every person i type ; just so they can see how i got to where i did , and what i think of them . i'm going start off ... the link to your avatar is broken . would you be able to find it again and re-upload it ? post it here ? not a lot of people realize this , but a user's avatar is like an unconscious ... i actually came to the end that obstinate is istp . i will post about that later today . understood , and you are very welcome . yes . it's pretty damaging to an extraverted feeler , when someone they expect to love and cherish them back ... doesn't . it turns into a downward spiral and does ... hey there dutiful counselor . this was a nice read . i wish you luck in putting the final stamp on that bachelor's degree and getting what you want out of life . i don't think you're an istj like your ... my reply to you seems to have gotten lost . i just came back to the site after a 2-3 year hiatus . i was checking through the forum to see what i could do to get back into form . i was going to look ... yes . same with narcissistic , i also believe you are an intp . you were probably waiting for and looking forward to a more detailed and thorough answer , but there are just some patterns you see ... hey there octa . it is very clear you have a deep knowledge of this ! i wish i could explain to you why it comes out as ti-fe to me , but i don't share the same depth and extensiveness in ... ah so it looks like grehoy already took care of you : wink : hello all . this is my first name change . if possible , may it be switched to kinetic ? do you still want help ? lol . you have got to be kidding me ? and you're welcome ! oh my god . you can't be asking us this . it is nearly impossible to do just with that . even so , i swear on my honor , that i will try to type this man as best i can . you are into him yes ? you don't ... sorry , but i think the way you're going about this is making it more complicated than it really is . to me , it seems as if you're looking at a lot of different clues , misinterpreting a ... you are introverted intj , intp , infj , infp , istj , istp , isfj , isfp you are not sj temperament intj , intp , infj , infp , istp , isfp you are not fi-dom intj , intp , infj , istp you are not infj are you serious ? the problem here , is that the isfj and intp are very similar on paper . they both have the same interaction style , as well as the same cognitive functions . they are both introverted too . without ... [ shark tank t . v show music plays in the background ] me : alpha , you know , you really sound like a nice guy . i mean , i love your questionnaire ; it has lots of information on you , and it's very easy ... i was hoping you didn't ask that : crying : . it takes me so long to do that haha . but here goes . i'll start the reply and add in things by the edit button as i go along . here is a list of ti-fe ... : laughing : tine . i don't think you are posting these kind of threads in the right section . here's my answer though : for me it's flipped . my outside behavior does not reflect my inner self or type . it ... hey . i'll pop on some yiruma and get right to it . introverted intj , intp , infj , infp , istj , istp , isfj , isfp you have ne-si intp , infp , istj , isfj ( hard to see ) you have ti-fe intp , isfj ghostsoul . don't give up yet . : wink : can you link me to your questionnaire or fill out another one ? i'm not good at typing through writing . i'm better when i can have a snapshot of what goes on in ... correct . that would be the wrong way to look at it . being and introverted sensor means you're introverted and a sensor . haha , i read your opening post and between intp & entp , i'd say entp . keep your ... if you say he is infp , i believe you . going off that , his reasoning is quite logical . though his te is weak , it's still te , and it's very straightforward . he will save money if he did either of those ... no no . about the 800 members part , i'm sure not every single one of them will sign up for a competition like this . and a mass type this poll showing who voted for which option , would be an ... go , meet him , be yourself , and see what happens . just always keep this in the back of your mind : real life issues will come up . you will have to deal with forming a relationship with his daughter ... let me just say , i absolutely love making ideas for perc . i'm also fan of big events with a little competition . so , what i have in mind is a type-me bowl either sponsored by the perc staff itself or ... in the post before your last , you said this . these are the external changes you're going through . these are the things that block out your type . learning , changing , and improving yourself is ... the problem here is the definition of extraversion . the tests you are taking define extraversion as being sociable , out-going , and talking a lot . extraversion according to the cognitive function ... two things chest . 1 . you think she's fe-dom ? ? 2 . you think she's extraverted ? ? : shocked : ti-se to me would be applying analytical and critical thinking to physical things . this is why some istp are magicians when it comes to cars . really , the mechanics of physical things : how a car ... ti supported by ne is whether an idea makes sense to you . when you share this with someone else , and they say it wouldn't work in real life ( the external ) , due to money , space , and other practical ... you have ti-fe then . you are introverted . intp , istp , isfj , infj you are not si-dom nor ni-dom intp , istp for a lot of reasons intp ooooh someone is snippy today . : wink : '