' iin that i have fantasies of dressing in drag and licking construction equipment while jamming this out ? ridicidiculous pipe shnoogin ' constantly shitting my pants  it's a bad day . can't stop crying , can't drag myself out of bed . i don't know why . i hate having lost all control of my emotions . i'm not sad . i'm not scared , angry , or anything else that could bring ... sanity . haven't had that shit since i was five years old , but i still vaguely recall it ; just enough to miss it . asparagus mofucka . i found the thug kitchen . peanut butter and honey on a tortilla . watching documentaries on darkdocumentaries.com wildstar . i need fucking drugs . goldfish crackers . first thing i think of when i hear wow and about the only time i ever use the word , sadly . ride the tigah !  you're gonna die .  had a good chat with an old friend , so i was in a good mood , until my stomach started to hurt . blackened salmon with green beans and potatoes in a cream sauce . i ate mother fuckin ' fancy and healthy , son ! woo hoo ! watching athf . i forgot how awesome this show was . seeing my dad , which is really odd for me . winning ... sorta . i'm posting on a forum at 5:45 in the morning , how much winning can i actually be doing ? peanut butter on a tortilla   as someone who suffers from bpd , it's a little disheartening to see the disown them sort of posts , but i totally understand . in fact , i don't have much to add , just wanted to commend you for ... in all seriousness , would you ever consider a robot for any kind of companionship ? why or why not ? absolutely . i suffer from avoidant and borderline ...  drugs , man . drugs . not the good kind , though : invega , nexium , carvedilol , and losartan . homemade enchiladas . in high school , five million years ago now , i was actually one of the rare ones who hung out with pretty much everyone . our lunch table was the largest in school , with people from every clique ... before i die , i want to love and be loved . eating some chips , typing this , watching cartoon network , and trying not to move too much , because i fell in the ice and my back and tailbone are killing me . grindin ' dem lobes . i can relate to being bullied and just wanting someone to care , but quite honestly unless you have a personal connection with your supervisor , i might seek out a therapist instead . being dismissed ... camarones a la diabla . best meal i've had in a long while . '