' joist with presents as an excuse i meant that someone gives you a present because he / she wants to end / avoid conflict because he / she finds the situation uncomfortable ( and doesn't want ... because we hiss at people and try to scratch their eyes out when they don't understand sarcasm / our humor . ( metaphorically of course ... or maybe not ) ... well whatever .. this way there're less cowards ... one word to describe intelligence : intellect . it doesn't matter if you're good at math or any other subject , you can still be stupid as shit . a lot of people only consider people who've got good ... what languages do you know ? basic / intermediate / advanced / fluent english - advanced / fluent ( that's something that needs to be judged by a native speaker i guess ) french - intermediate ... :p roud :: proud :: laughing : ... sorry but you can't transform like a pokemon - changing your view about something doesn't change your personality - maybe you didn't answer truthfully ? i assume this ... yuki kajiura turn , parting song and several other from pandora hearts just beautiful : lillium from elfenlied piano version i agreed with catrific at one point : i talked about introversion and extraversion an blah blah blah blaaah ... just because you can recit many facts about the ... you're not good at speaking with strangers - so what ? if you are the way you described yourself other people value you for your honesty and the fact that you don't speak incessantly about unimportant ... it's something that doesn't occur often and if it does i really mean it . i'm not a person who would tell you something like this just to please you - i'd even consider that lying . and if i like you ... the release of endorphines - just go jogging for about 2 hours and you got it ^ ^ - broken ... it should prevent him from falling asleep out of boredom : happy : ^ ^ people shouldn't be allowed to spit on the ground - if they dislike the taste of cigarettes they should just quit - washing your hands should be the norm expecting people to act as you wish or ... dead space 2 ( ^ ^ ^ ) .. nice game ... cross my heart and hope to die - stick a needle in my eye ( enter the last part of the sentence at youtube and you'll see what i mean ... : happy :) ... portal 2 and skyrim or another code for wii kikidmonkey if it is the author run out of money before being able to properly finish this shit my score is 14 - less then an autist ^ ^ ^ :p roud : ^ ... am i really human ? or a stone ? ^ ^ why are we never the clingy ones ? because 8 hours in school are usually enough socialzing ? ... clingy would be 2-3 hours additional to the 8 in school , which doesn't occur every day - such ... a nokia ... a really old almost ancient ^ ^ ... i rarely use it and if then just for calls - no text messaging . how long does it take for an intj to react to anger ? : friends : a long long time . i usually don't take the anger of other people who vent their wrath on me personally - so not at all or with logic ... ... no that would be a waste of money . lolthevoidlol : something i'm often accused of - even though it's them , or more to say what my behaviour caused - so not them but me ^ ^ kramer : ... yes i do ... either to find out how they think or why / when they react in situations . when i was smaller i once used out of boredom for every math exercise a new sheet just to see ... i definitely feel that way . i'm just not sure how many people are inside of me . sometimes it's as if a switch has been turned and then i act like a whole different person . people are quite ... missginger : i was confused why you confronted me with things i agreed with you upon - with whatever they teach i wanted to say whatever a priest says in the meaning of following blindly without ... missginger : then please ask if something is unclear . to me it all naturally seems logical and clear . ( did you read the previous posts that advert to this subject ? ) ... what are you referring to now ? ? ? did you misunderstand something again ? all i wrote is that christians do accept different kinds of people - what shouldn't be right about that ? humoriarty : but i am a catholic ^ ^ ^ that's exactly what i've been trying to tell you all the time ^ ^ . i know a lot of catholics who don't think or act like this - it's the majority in fact . this way ... i didn't write that it was a sin in the first place - i agree with you i don't agree that homosexuality is a sin i hope that i've made it clear enough . missginger : i didn't mean their teachings but the attitude of some catholic people ! there are some catholics who consider homosexuality a sin - i did only want to say that i don't agree on such ... i do the same when i'm uncomfortable with the people around me - just look for different people to hang out with . i don't think it'll work out when you don't like spending time with them . missginger : i'm from a different country and over here nothing of what you've written applies . as a catholic you aren't forced to believe whatever they teach - i'm free to disagree . the number of ... i'll also say hi - ^ ^ i deleted the enneagramm result because my result changed constantly with the slightest change . yes i have no use nor need for superficial relationships . i am like this i admit it ^ ^ ( even though i'd never call myself romantic ) . i really cheshire people who don't try to change me and are able to ... yes i get that a lot . it's more like i'd think that someone who is a very sensitive person who doesn't say it as strange , because i'm used to it . if any of my friends would say that i'd just ... animus : i absolutely share this kind of view . ... what did the five fingers say to the face ? slap ! - exactly what happens ( i actually did without planning to : ninja : - just felt wrong ) humoriarty do i need to repeat myself or are you simply not able to read ? it's not total and these kind of christians aren't the norm . and no not believing everything fully and obediently ... i've not been attracted to a person in this way but i like people who're keeping some distance from me and aren't trying hug me better than people who do or move constantly because of nervousness but ... ... that's not what i meant to say . if you don't believe in god then that's it . i assumed that you don't very much because you described christians as close-minded in general and because you said ... ... why did you thank the previous post ? ? ? there was not even specific information in it . ( did it apply anyway ? ? ? ) simply ask yourself questions and find answers ... what exactly do you want to gain from it ? what was the exact problem ? you can't do anything about the past but accept it , confronting the person ... ... why do you get anxious at all ? where is the exact problem / the cause ? just too true ^ ^ i assume you do not know very much about religion or christianity because some people pissed you off immediately because of their opinionated starry-eyed belief . ^ ^ ... remember to breathe ^ ^ talking fast is sometimes more efficent , but it makes it impossible for someone else to speak or pose additional questions . watch the other person attentively so that if the ... elyasis : i was aware of that - i just don't like being called simple . i usually don't judge people so harshly , and i usually don't shoot myself ^ ^ humoriarty : of course science as opposed to ... ... sometimes more sometimes less ^ ^ ... but usually only around people i like . ... i'm allowed to make mistakes - it's not my native language : ... it's more like i'd picture god rather female than male or not at all - you could say like an energie of a whole different kind . if everything is explainable , please explain how the big ... '