' umm , sorry ? you better for it tho , uknowitt ;) omg i soo feel this . i understand . peace can be found , and i am only beginning to understand . don't hate the poor fingers , your body , they are yours . you can be free once you love yourself ( gawd i ... okay mystik you get it ! yes :) like in my op , the song is about completion , like michael jackson taking the hat and glove out of the box and putting them on 30 years later . your lovely video shows ... okay trying this video thing ... who can watch this and not know michael jackson loved everybody . he smiles and plays and treats everybody with a pure simple heart . i swear i do not see pain or ... googling human nature now ! i need some mj ! wowz ! opinions ... i forgot all together about michael's difficulties until i was reminded of them . funny , there is always someone to remind me of those things any time his name comes up . as if ... yaa , imaguy , feeling accidentally inspired . i just now cried watching mj sing and dance billie jean . funny and laughs , yes , but i'm serious .. i know it was not oh nuu he's gone ! , because i am only ... hey thanks :) quite honestly , i am glad all my threads have sputtered and blown out . it was rough for some time ! . i reread the question , and i think i originally mis-read . the question asks if ... omg omg ... okay , still new here ... so i start a thread in the meyers briggs general forum this question ... infj to the e's - how can one possibly be charged up by others ? ? ? i guess i ... eleven , you are correct ! i think we all agree that people are well , different . but i also * scratches head * , but ask why ! to some , people are different is not the end of a conversation , but ... eleven , le beau coeur ; you two must be very comfortable with yourself ! i ask the question because i feel that i am at fault for not being able to give more to others . i feel bad for having to remove ... that is so interesting . when they say charging up , charging sounds like getting energy to charge back in ! i can see how this would work . if extroverts recharge , maybe introverts recover .  ... yes this is starting to work . i think a new generalization must be discovered . because although we i's need our space , it seems that e's do too . extroverts seem to be more socially balanced and ... thank you for the refreshingly simple affirmation of agreement ! it was a nice soft start to my day . i am beginning to see a trend growing out of the i / e responses . i am starting to notice an ... you may be right . in fact you are right . i am not looking for an answer to take home so i can move on . i am enjoying the conversation and i found the question to be a charged one . i am enjoying the ... hey ! that works and makes some sense .. thank you ... i do feel this same high in smaller intimate settings with others . it is just big groups that suck my energy , not small ones . okay , very small ... no ! so sorry i came off like that ! your posts are very well put together and make so much sense . i am just new and discovering what it is like to act like i feel instead of what i think everyone ... jalex ! omg loove it . color palette so daringly diverse while tonally harmonious . i see you are a ... exploded dali , more energetic miro , subdued picasso . love it . do you like my picks ? hmm . not so simple as that . we do not live a “ regular life ” of the extroverts during the day then do something special and unique at the end of the day to recharge . by what you say , e ’ s get to ... marlowe , thank you for the very thoughtful response . i want to respond with some thoughts but not hurried ones . i will have something back soon ! i am still pretty new to the personality types so please understand this is a real question . today i finally understood a thought that has been nagging me for weeks . so when in groups , i understand ... enfpleasantly ... haha ! i think that is very perfect art . love the brights ! good unity of value . restrained use of the contrasting pinks / fuchsia so as to not fight with aquas . full coverage but not ... ahh ! ! ! nuu art is not photography . i do not like realism in art . leave that for the camera . why bother with painting now that we have cameras ? because the camera cannot create feeling and mood and ... i was replying to an artist who said i still get some things wrong i forgot to quote but now i cannot find the artist ! * lol * just enjoy i guess ! there is nothing right of wrong in art , especially your art . fixing anything you feel is wrong is only moving you closer to some stereotype , and farther away from your artist soul . technically you ... wow thank you for the response ! i liked your help a lot , i just do not think i could do it . i have a terrible problem in believing that i am an infj for a reason . i am no accident . that means i have ... okay .. you're saying there is a way to turn it off ? omg this would be amazing . i could endure group projects without reducing my insides to rubble in order to maintain a nice outside image ? ? not to ... ikr ? ! i swear i thought i was the only one who felt this way . in college i said omg ! look what is happening to my heart ? ! i decided then to begin repairing what the world had done to it . i began ... wow . i would think that is one way to run a company not the only way . you sound like you miss the energy of those meetings . i think you also have a special dislike , though , for happy guy . you feel ... fire a person because they have a cheerful attitude ? goodness . you sound exactly like my father . it feels funny to me that you are comfortable calling coworker a peon , i don't like that . i am a ... okay , here goes . i'm thinking perhaps you should deal with things one at a time . spend some time feeling a few things out in order to help you find peace in one item at a time . think about the ... 41339 thanks ! just fe eling my way through * lol * i have discovered that one must be very careful of the things they read in these forums . i am getting the impression we infj's are somehow tender and ... oh noo ! i am a designer . i do have a terrible time finishing projects tho . when design is all worked out in my head i have little motivation to waste my time making it in real life . i'm bored of it ... oops .. forgot to ask ... te ( extroverted thinking ) is what ? how can you think outside of yourself ? ? ? omg so funny . yes , we should group test and see what we make together ! * lol * really though i find it funny and comforting to learn every bit i can . even a missing personality trait ! : tongue : i tested at keys 2cognition where i came up infj again , but it rated my te ( extroverted thinking ) as unused . i did not know any of of our personality traits could be unused ? ? ? i think this is so ... welcome new infj . i'm new and i have been having a great time . so many places to look for good threads , don't just lurk infj ... those sensors are sooo fun to read ! * lol * repost from infj thread . does this look infj to you ? ? ? 41170 oh noo .. don't know if i know how to do this ... 41164 i am new at this personality typing . i was so excited when i first read i was infj , like i finally found my instruction book ! one thing i do not understand . are infj's especially prone to depression ... work is just the very thing i was talking about , and 2 things pop into my mind ... btw i am a designer and we spend many hours a day around the table in group work . firstly , the thread keeps ... oh noo ! case in point ! i have a few thoughts on this . will post very soon welcome back from weekend everybody ! :) bingo ! :) you seem to understand . it's not about working the crowd or keeping the mood up . this is like i enter the room and all the moods slowly come into sync with mine . for better or for ... our personality is who we are . loneliness and depression are not in our personalities , they are symptoms of life , external to ourselves . they may be circumstantial , they could certainly be ... i think i want to clarify though . so i'm an infj and i would ( could ) never be the life of the party , by anything i purposely tried doing . i would fail miserably because in a group setting , my ... oh i love this ! i always have said i know i'm right if i discover myself doing something . for example , i quit my job and moved to california without one because i wanted to . i made preparations so i ... infj's do you ever become weary of holding up the mood in a meeting or party ? i learned long ago that i create the mood in any gathering . when i am tired or grumpy , meetings go poorly . all it takes ... meiyo ! ni shi zhongguoren ma ? ? buguan zenme shuo , dajia hao :) omg love this ! stand your your ground never let this be taken from you . i see a child before an empty house , knocking and knocking at the closed door ; he wakes dull echoes--but nor man nor ... '