' there's two triggers for this phenomenon i've noticed : 1 . over-empathizing in a social situation 2 . high stress , enfj will mimic type that resolves stress reaction most efficiently 1 . when ... whenever i've attempted a drastic change in lifestyle , there has to be a catalyst . the last time i attempted this it stuck . i'm in a super-stressful spot right now , moving my business to a smaller ... hearing stuff like this gets my intuitive juices flowin ! ! as an enfj i can't see anything wrong with some in-depth analysis especially if i'm so actively engaged by the person talking . the only thing ... had my good friend tell me something so so similar to this today . he's been dating this girl for 6 months and all the while she's still waiting for her ex that joined the military a year ago . but ... miss-anne-thrah-pic =) hearing people try to pronounce scientific names makes me warm and fuzzy inside =) ) ) + 2 if they try hard i indulge in intelligent discussion and bouts deductive reasoning with people like this . i've noticed people get defensive / change subject when met with theoretical or highly technical conversation ... hello ! don't be worry about if your personality type fits your career , it's a rough guide . i'm an undergraduate biological sciences major , and with my plan for a masters in biochemistry and ... every day , at about 70 % of people based on if their body language is smile receptive lol . i should try smiling at 100 % of people and make a statistic on how many smile back . this is a psychology question that is debatable as well as subjective . there's a current theory that 50 % of personality is from genes , and 50 % from environment . it's my opinion that environment ... formula for meeting suitable enfx : 1 . talk to everyone 2 . of those who respond , enthusiastic talkers are likely e 3 . if they talk about things that aren't simply eliciting information you've ... mbti / enneagram ? she's an esfp to the best of my knowledge what's special about him or her ? we dated in highschool and i was her first everything , and she my first real love . i could tell you ... my childhood stimulated my ni more than anything , as i was shy up ' till graduating high school . now i need social interactions on a daily basis to keep level . i have my brother and business partner ... i notice this behavior in myself , however it usually manifests by harming my personal relationships rather than myself . interesting theory you got there , i share the same . i actually started a commercial compost tea business a year back , and we want to make our first international market south africa . we could lease ... spiderman was my favorite as a kid . he's a bit reckless for a superhero , i liked that about him . i would imagine myself web slinging freely through the city , or finding witty and amusing ways to ... my skype sn is adhokk , just like my forum username . you might see me pop on from time to time , feel free to shout at me =P well here's my perspective as a business owner . my idealism makes it so every action i take is one taken to realize my ideal of a successful business . i choose employees because i like them ... enfj , i argue every day with my entj brother , we're the most opinionated people we know . interestingly enough you wouldnt know unless you were very close to the enfj , as they prioritize your feelings ... what are your interests and hobbies ? most of the time nowadays i'm absorbed in my developing business , but that in itself has become my life's passion , everything about it interests me =) i still am ... hello prince , i had a similar revelational experience to yours . self discovery is such a broad topic that most people swim into a sea of problems , feelings , thoughts , ideas , and preconceptions ... i had a friend just come back from the wwoof program , definitely a life-changing experience for the better . if you don't mind posting about your experience while you're there , i'd love to hear about ... well , not like much , because outside the organs is sterile . inside organs smell would be based on reactions taking place : stomach - like vomit , intestines - microbe by-products like methane and ... i have some lofty expectations of my life but here goes : ... founder of fortune 100 company ... marry my best friend ... phd in virology ( and subsequently develop t-virus =P ) ... master ... developing your fe requires practicing : conversation , body language , noticing social queues , empathizing and other aspects of social interaction . these are simply ways fe manifests in reality , to ... like han said , there are flavors of morality when it comes to manipulation , the intent decides where it lies on the spectrum . i'd describe constructive manipulation towards a friend as the best way ... restraining order should be last resort , it nullifies constitutional rights and shouldn't be used lightly unless you're being stalked or seriously worried about bodily harm . you may not think much of ... i'm stuck in a similarly opposite position as op . i'm starting a business , and while i'm happy that my professional life is progressing and stable for the moment , i have no time to pursue romance . so ... i love the coffee bean picture , i worked at a coffee shop for 5 years , so stuff like that makes me smile =P 1 . happy are you ? 7 2 . socially skilled are you ? 7 - i'm always improving my skills , i'll replace the most interesting man in the world in my later years =) 3 . lazy are you ? 4 - i try to get ... i'm an enfj 7w8 . i definitely know when an issue needs to be confronted , whether i act on it or not depends on if confrontation will benefit me . if it's someone i care about i'm very confrontational , ... my spiritual journey is an introspective plunge into my mind for understanding of the universe . the inside of my mind is an unexplored universe of its own , and i feel a lot of enfj's can't appreciate ... how are old are you ? 21 where are you from ? bay area , california how long have you been on personality cafe ? 1 month other forums you frequent other than enfj forum ? just reading the forums here could give you a bit of knowledge and the courage to get there . half the battle as far as i'm concerned : ... haha spastic with the large volume of edm music being produced by at-home producers i'd say 80 % is boring =P i feel most people get into edm by one genre or another thats similar to something they ... ah , but you got my implied meaning , and still felt the need to correct my grammer ? i don't need any sources personally , as i'm not terribly interested in the subject . but it would be helpful for ... sounds like he's an enfj . most of your description highlights the feeling bits of his personality . we could use some sources . there's no logic in saying one thing is right or wrong without objective data to back it up . any input ? here's an article on the relationship of neural plasticity and its ... dd milk , you'll need to talk to him about the f stuff ! if he's even bringing it up all you need to do is listen . if you keep showing your impatience with his relationship talk he'll stop , and you'll ... we need an nt to come explain neuroplasticity =P i too think this is a misunderstanding of what the concept is . from a quick wiki peak : it's more a concept of how the cells of the brain can react ... i'll never stop playing starcraft , but i dabble in diablo . i play starcraft 2 ladder as terran , and feel it's the most adaptable race for on-the-fly strategies . what other some other n's sc2 races , ... seattleites have much better coffee than sbux to choose from ! my time at sbux actually got me really interested in starting a purist / elitist espresso bar based out of a catering truck . i wanted a ... you may have to succumb to a moment of deep empathy in order to gain some insight into what he's going through . sounds like he has regrets with his life i wish i'd done this ... and that's why he's ... i've had problems communicating casually with ppl until i left highschool . it does take willpower to implement social strategies because you're going to fail or feel awkward after a conversation has ... attention , and cute little reminders of mutual love =) she should be willing to go out of the way for me , cause i would build a rocket to the moon for her . snuggles and sharing her feelings with me , ... ya know , as an enfj i've always thought family would be the most important to me . i'm only 21 but when i do have kids i would pour my life's energy into raising my family and connecting with them ... i'm enfj and i notice when i start drinking i flip on the fe and go talk to pretty girls i otherwise wouldnt haha hunny , i don't benefit from talking myself up . i feel better from realizing the problem thats causing my negative feelings and coming up with solutions , just knowing my options and that my problems ... '