' i can honestly say that i only have two people , my best friend and my boyfriend , who truly know everything about me . they get me , and even when it's scary , i tell them my deepest , darkest secrets and ... i had several wonderful enfp teachers . they were fun and inspiring and i learned the most in their classrooms . one teacher even let my friends and i make a sitcom spoof of belovedx 85which i'm sure was ... time travel novels , movies , and shows always seem so cool ! but when i think about time travel for myself , i get frustrated because life would be way lamer for a woman in any other time period . guess ... i wonder what type of person i would be if my only memories were of the dreams i have at night . dreams are supposed to be our deepest subconscious , right ? so maybe i'd be a really authentic version ... when you're having a lonely feeling day but happen to run into 10 people you know and the people you are with ask you do you know everyone ? here's an interesting question . if you were to pick your mbti and you could be anything besides an enfp … which type would you pick and why ? i think i would be entj . they are some cool , ... this is strictly out of curiosity , but what are your opinions on what makes a relationship work verses what makes one fail ? what personal experiences have you had that make you feel that way ? ... i have put out more than a few literal fires while all my friends stand around looking surprised . i always thought it was so strange how it's harder for me to decide how to lead an obstinate group of ... you might recommend therapy as well . i know a lot of people who cry out for help but are too scared to try therapy because of weird stigmas about it . the more people who advocate for it , the less ... sometimes i think i come across as too straightforward online . it's mostly a result of trying to be clear and concise … but i like the way this is put ! i deeply hope things work out for the best for ... nonono , the people who don't think you're funny aren't funny ;) . very different . funny . i would consider myself both of these things , and i'm an enfp . though perhaps i'm not career oriented and feminist in the corporate , cut throat , man bashing way you might dislike ? or maybe ... when my infp and i first started dating he would shut down after arguments as well . i could always tell something was bothering him though and eventually i would create a safe way to address his ... i suspect the people who say that actually have no sense of humor and because cute pictures : 127945 okay , assuming the op had good intentions , i'll bite . losers is a strange term to associate with infps . all the infps i know are very driven and have extremely high standards for themselves and ... ai.tran . 75 your uncle sounds wonderful . i hope to be a bit like him someday as well :) i feel like i have an excessive number of enfps where i live . maybe the culture of the place draws enfps to it ? just move to colorado : wink : nope ! not unless the other person was super awkward about it . but hugs are pretty much in un-awkward territory . i recieved almost all of this exact advice from someone else today . it's nice to hear some solid and reasonable feedback . i get excited about starting new things but also nervous . having a rough path ... my best friend is and enfj . when we were younger i would have to tell her i needed space sometimes . it was never because i didn't want to be around her at all , i just needed more alone time . she ... lol , i trust my friends much that if they all tell each other everything i don't mind . with my family it's a little different . they love me but don't understand me quite as well . i think i'm afraid ... do you enjoy other enfps ? i just began working with a woman who has all the same interests and gets excited about the same things as i do . it's so much fun because it's like looking into a mirror of ... i'm this way as well . i'll express things like we're happy or i'm a little frustrated with x but i very rarely bring my relationships up with my family , and if they do come up , i don't go into ... don't worry , it didn't feel like you were passing judgement . i was just trying to explain that if you form the right connection with a woman who says she only wants to focus on her career , her ... hm , i think the entjs i know fit into my life better ( activities and social situations ) whereas with the intps , i would have to make a little extra room for , but they might be immediately easier to ... i think , as an enfp woman , this easy to say and enjoy because it's hard to focus on career and relationships at the same time … and it's very annoying as an independent woman to always feel as if you ... 119810me and my adorable hedgehog :D katfeatherfoot i definitely understand what you're saying . i've also done my share of dating with people who have been disrespectful and it sucks ! i guess i think there's a line when you're getting ... i don't know . my infp was totally clueless when i was trying to get the ball rolling with our relationship . i did all the start up work ( and emotional risk taking ) and it paid off . i think there are ... don't we all hate being wrong ;) . don't worry about it at all . thanks msbossypants , i just graduated and am working at a restaurant , so not many mentor programs there ;) but i love your suggestion of taking an evening class . it inspired me to look up some ... a dash is generally used to indicate and . sorry if i misinterpreted . i'm looking for a mentor in the field of marketing , journalism , or freelance writing ... basically someone with experience who can help me get started on the right path . unfortunately i don't actually ... i'd say this is a great start . my guess is she's open to friendship , but making a real friendship takes work , so you may also have to be willing to keep asking her to hang out ... a lot . i make ... huh , i'm trying to think what the infps i know would do . if it's been a really long time since you've heard from him and you're frustrated and ready to give up , i might just text him something like ... i'm interested in which types are drawn to careers in writing , marketing , and journalism and how different types might approach these career paths in different ways . so : 1 ) what type are you ? ... nope . i've never been diagnosed with anything and i was always a good student / kid . i just wanted to make everyone so happy that i never acted out . i remember writing writhing journal entries whenever ... i love this question ! at first i often don't want them to know … probably because i don't want to act too fast and scare them away … and because i'm still figuring out who they are . if i like someone for ... honestly , if i'm really into you , i'm not going to act the same way around you as i do everyone else . what people might think is flirty for me is the only way i know how to interact with people ( at ... oh my god i do all of these things . including the outfits and crying bit ! lol , it's amazing how long a minor breakdown over nothing can take haha . interesting , i feel very similar . i wonder if the nf makes us naturally good at commitment and the p makes us hesitant to put boarders and definitions around relationships . or maybe both enfps and ... are you looking for long term relationships / marriage ? do you feel you're good at this type of commitment ? honestly , to the outside world i feel like i act pretty much the same way i always do . i'm a bit day-dreamy no matter what , so love doesn't change that either , it just gives me something to focus on ... i find that , more often than not , people surprise me in a good way . usually , the second i make a negative judgement , i learn more about them and what they've gone through and what they're passionate ... huh , good question . i think it doesx 85sometimes . sometimes i want to feel all the joy in the world and spread it and be free , which is what that picture symbolizes for me . other times i want to be ... describe your ideal self :) sloth for me as well . especially if it's cold outside . haha , how weird is that ? ! as for the rest … interesting . can i ask you a specific question ? would you want to get serious with her or would you think of her as marriage material if you thought she ... this is the next step of action , but i'm looking for advice on how to best do this . i feel like we've had a lot of conversations where i can't communicate what i need well enough . he ends up asking ... enfps generally do not lead anyone on for fun , because hurting other people is the last thing we want to do . we can , however , be selfish and continue a friendship even if we know the other person ... '