' mentally stressing a little about going to college soon . motivation to actually get things done ... and something to eat would be nice too . i think your encounter with that guy is hilarious , it must have been aggravating after a while . i can't really relate to what he was talking about but by no means was he a jehovah's witness . your ... i guess this in itself is a valid statement . hey guys , it has been a while , a few years actually since i joined but i guess i never really went past the lurker stage . anyway , it is almost 3 a . m . now and i feel the need to finally introduce ... well just take you time . after all your main concern is the wellfare of your dog . ignoring the problem would be a failure on your part . there must be , if not , the world wouldn't make sense . only in rare moments . most of the time i don't bother to try to correct others unless it is utterly necessary . esfp i am similar in that sense . when it gets to much to handle i disappear for a while either into my room or if it is really bad for solitary walks . that and music help clear the mind . 5 ' 11 161lbs ( 180cm and 73kg ) intj here ... most of the time i'm just known as the disturbingly quiet guy and some people say that i am uncaring and insensitive . i am also referred to as the psychopath who plans to kill ... i got intp . i come close to resembling one at times , but nope . do you think creating a warp drive is possible ? suits an istp . from what i've heard , i'm 16 . boredom really knows no limits . esfj ah programming . when it comes to that it often happens to me too . anyway , welcome to the forum . private , thoughtful , calm , determined , flawed human comprehension is so limited that understanding anything in every aspect will be a vague dream for a very long time . infp i can dance but i only do that sometimes in private and in situations where it would be almost too strange not to . that is interesting to know . hardly the problems of ohers bother me emotionally , not even when they are very close to me . but i do know what the appropriate reaction should be since i most likely ... i actually only socialize when it is really inevitable . so only when my friends kidnap me . yeah i can relate to that . it is quite strange . it turned boredom into interest . very dark brown intj looking into the mirror while having inner peace . i cant't remember . what a pitty . man i'm so stupid . definitely a faster internet connection :d ry : primary logical tan secondary blue friendly hater well i think being immortal would be nice afterall i would have enough time to figure out how to solve the health and aging problem . with infinite time i could do infinite things . i'm listening to lps album living thing . just for fun :D '