' space to move around in . just a sex customer . it's worrisome work . you have to own it . i like essay questions . you can really go nuts . no one dares . obedience has its place . but it generally is boring . predictable . it's normal for me to regularly question whether what i'm doing right now is the right thing . regular gut checks are good . in this case , i'd probably finish the program to get as much experience ... i've found time and experience does away with it . i'm in my early 30s now and feel way more mellow than even just a couple of years ago . more certain . quicker to dismiss feelings of anxiety . i ... i'm more or less in this sector of the mbti realm . getting things done without the ego ! that's important for any number of reasons . no wishy washy loops of ' what if . ' a frog that carries its young in its stomach . ( now extinct . ) nature and more : the extinct ( and nearly resurrected ) southern ... not bad , but not preferred . i like it when people openly say , oh , come on , give me a hug , because it's not on me to initiate . sure , if it's been long enough . more often than not i just move someplace new to get the same effect . ( also , i find myself living in small places where i can't fit that much stuff . that helps ... all the time . yesterday , it was work-related . using a ui that popped up in the dream to manage tasks for people i know from work . at least , i think they were people from work . i believe there was ... anxiety and stress . heartbreak has really messed me up in the past . who knows if it'll happen again , given the experience . write a story about it . think of it as proposing a hypothetical . hm . i'm 31 now . it's been an evolving series of interconnected decisions and experiences . no single point in time . i liked video games . then i liked the simpsons and graphic / web design , so i ... to ask that question . i can read people to a certain degree . enough that my gut gets a sense of who they are and whether they'll bring positive or negative vibes . do you not sit like this ? pretty much . new experiences inform future decisions . right . my gut tells me it's a survival thing . you can't live with that stuff indefinitely . has to fade away or otherwise remain tucked away in the subconscious . oddly quiet , maybe . but folks think it's some kind of stoicism . see , socializing is easier in these situations where you're with a group and have no choice but to be there . glad it went well . you all talk about emotional memory yet ? because mine sucks . tomba ! for ps1 . i first played it as a demo in 1998 . about time i get to finish it . someone told me about this long before i watched it , and i pretty much acted like i was too cool for it . i'm bummed that i was a jerk toward her . especially since it's a fuckin ' amazing series . i have no experience with it , but the folks who do talk about it seem to eventually realize there's one attraction or another . i hate poorly constructed burritos . assistant producer in video games . i like aspects of it . mainly anything to do with long , repetitive tasks that suck up a lot of time and contribute to the project . i don't like the social or ... it's not a race . find like-minded folks and you'll find a comfortable pace . i mentally wander in and out . rather be working . isn't it said that the majority of people are xstj ? maybe that's been touched on . you know how it is when people feel that they are not part of a perceived majority . i do , but from a fantasy standpoint . what kind of disaster would lead to an apocalyptic scenario ? how would we continue to exist ? so , mainly the stories , not the potential reality . i'm in no way ... no need to pin me . i talk about it freely . i don't concern myself with domestic duties . i like physical activity when it's new . hike the same trail twice ? why ? in any case , i'm decidedly unfit . it comes from terrible coping mechanisms . fast food , laziness , and the like . i'm naturally ... too much responsibility . have you considered that sentience is mental illness ? sort of . i don't care to exert myself over those around me . they can do what they want as long as they're not hurting others . however , i feel like things would be straightforward if people simply ... generally : - drive around - eat dinner - go home - watch a film / episode of something - sleep it's kind of boring , but i'm feeling some stress . i lie , but wouldn't consider it polite . mostly to get out of stuff without explanation . howdy . what's with coming back around after years of silence ? a cat's curiosity ? some kinda enduring hope ? ( which i can respect , but you know . time . ) that reflects my impulsive nature . i think , like most folks , i'd still want a ' home base ' . the certainty of knowing i have a home somewhere . never fired or let go , but i've gotten used to regular promotions and opportunities . so , if too much time passes , i tend to leave myself to look for something else . all similar work , office stuff ... sure , but mainly for cost reasons . make me a millionaire and home is where i'll happen to be that day . it sounds good , but it's a broad statement . lots of humans out there . i have no doubt that there's someone with whom i can get along with very well . i just don't want to go through the trial of ... yep . that other people's time is a big source of anxiety . i'm considering that working on my own time will become necessary to survive . i don't agree with the op , though . i'm not gonna explode at ... this happened once . annoying . i suspect i do this much of the time . a little control , a little delusion . too much stress . nothing to fight . more lessons to come . '