' type 8 - 9.7 type 1 - 6.7 type 5 - 6.7 type 3 - 6.7 type 7 - 4.3 type 9 - 4 wing 8w7 - 11.9 wing 8w9 - 11.7 wing 7w8 - 9.2 i am fantastic at presentations but only if i know the topic well and have done work on the topic . tbh though , i used to suck at public speaking but because i had 4 years experience tutoring and ... wow thanks dude . i'll definitely check those professional qualifications out . i'm a little glad that they don't look at your school mark ( i have a 70 + / 100 - high credit gpa equivalent in australia ) ... anyone from the big four ? mckinsey / bain / bcg / booz ? this is probably a long shot but if anyone here does work for the big four , can you share your story about how you landed the job ? thanks . so ... basically , marry a creationist ? no ty . we are . easily . need more suits and shiny watches tyvm . right after we build a chain of highly profitable businesses . entj your aspie score : 54 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 149 of 200 you are very likely neurotypical detailed results suitable for printing ( pdf ) ( the file is only retained ... you guys have been really helpful . my follow up question would be what do you like to do you a group setting ( in terms of work ) and what motivates you ? i don't think there's any problems with communicating with entps , don't you know entjs get along great with any ens ? rofl ! ! ! first time i saw that one . loved it . ^ ^ ^ i'm leaning more towards estj , and i'm factoring in the fact that most of those description are very subjective as it's taken from your frame of reference . you may percieve the events different to ... seriously though , i used to be into wrestling when i was 9-10 years old before i knew that it was all faked . and now 12 years later , the rock theme song still gets me going . ... i was fortunate enough to be grouped up with an enfp for group assignments in university . we became really good friends quickly and she was awesome to work with - her enthusiasm was infectious . she ... maybe not blood boil , but i do really get annoyed by istjs when they insist that they're right and won't take a chance on anything . house crest score ( 0-100 ) house description 72 ... wow , nice list the characteristics highlighted in blue is what resonates the most with me and is what is spot on . red is what i have minor disagreements with . keirseyx 92s nt x93rationalsx94 david ... oh really ? nts lack entusiasm about sex ? ? well , then you all just have to show us how it's done then ;) currently reading sperm wars by robin baker . katy perry trying to one up gaga ? you know this is fascinating , because it made me realize how different we all are . the emotion i get from that video is freedom and a sense of strength in her spirit in challenging the oppression of ... any other type 8s out there ? king of the world porcelain and the tramps i dunno why this video feels so good : youtube - enneagram type 8 youtube - lady gaga - alejandro i was never a big lady gaga fan before but this video convinced me otherwise . pushing the boundaries with blasphemy ( nun outfit + swallowing of rosary beads ) and ... i tutor highschool students so it's like all of a sudden , wtf is with all this hype over this 12 yr old kid ? justin who ? ? ? imo , open relationships can work and takes nothing away from the couple . if humans were truly monogamous , the concept of marriage won't even exist , we would simply just be with one mate throughout ... that is so istj of you . how old are you ! ? get out of there ! ! ! i'm gonna call you out on this one . what an outlandishly arrogant claim to assert that atheism is not looking hard enough to understand deism and just giving up . i understand deism very well , and i ... i'm an athiest , but more than that , i'm actually an anti-theist against monotheism much to the definition as defined by christopher hitchens because i find most if not all of the monotheistic ... i think the alpha male on the social scene are estps . not estjs or entjs because we tend to be a little too serious to be that popular . i think most people ( on this website at least ) , when talking about entjs , they paint themselves the picture of the alpha male who is taking charge of everything . however , seldom do i ever feel ... contender as a contender , you're likely to believe at times it is necessary for work to come before the family , with the knowledge that the family will benefit in the long ... same here man , i've been in uni for too long with a lack of direction . first i wanted to do architecture , dropped out because i decided it wasn't for me , then i pursued finance and accounting and ... i have been all over the place , when i first got out of high school , i went into a degree for architecture . then i decided that it was not for me and pursued a commerce liberal studies degree ... dad : istj mom : estp me : entj i wonder where i got my n from . hmmm , this is weird , how do people clash with esfjs ? they're all such nice and accomodating people who avoid clashes . you're ugly , you smell and nobody likes you . i cannot speak for all entjs out there because doing so would be quite arrogant and too liberal in assumptions . however if i were to do a honest evaluation of myself , i know that i can get too ... don't you know that meeting obstacles and spirited challenges turns entjs on ? and not to toot my own horn but the same with entjs weaknesses ... in control ? , logical ? , destroys everything in our way ? makes infps cry ? we're badasses ! ! ! i'm an entj and i keep seeing positives about entp as well . o . o wtf ! ? love to argue ? can be downright mean ? immoral ? funny penguin death videos ? awesome ! ! ! yours scream being your own person , freedom and smashing through social constructs . all total entj traits . edit : i forgot to mention sexy ! ! donkeys : tongue : ughhh dammit > . < i'm too easy . i've seen many sites describe simon cowell as entj . hmmm definitely not an introvert . well of course . i love seeing how different people are motivated differently , although i can't relate to some of those motivations , it is nevertheless useful to know . if i actually knew anything about weapons , i would have picked something cool :( hmm i always lead my convo into my area of interest when that happens . either that or i give less than enthusiastic response , which sometimes makes the other person apologize for boring me , and then ... be happy with yourself and have a passion in life that you're moving towards and the rest would take care of itself . don't be in your head when you're talking to someone , listen to what they have ... well , what do you wanna know ? oi what the heck ? i like you guys . '