' i wrote a blog a little while ago and someone called ' myjazz ' said that it would be a good entry for this thread so i'm just gonna go ahead and post it : i will laugh at your politically incorrect ... whenever i feel sad or lonely i always remind myself : it'll be ok in the end . if it's not ok , it's not the end . i have one friend who i'm just super comfortable with . when it's just her and i , i have absolutely no shame . it got a bit weird a while ago though while we were cuddled up to each other watching a ... i change into sweatpants and a singlet , grab a blanket , a bunch of dvds , and snuggle up to a pillow . : laughing : i don't really want to do anything else . i have to force myself to exercise when i'm ... i think most well-adjusted women would say that they would kill for a man to be that expressive about how he's feeling towards them . most of the women in this thread have even told you so , even if ... hahaha , wow . this thread semi-turned into a singles hookup line ! : crazy : i enjoyed that . looking forward to next week ! : laughing : proof that infjs aren't deep at all . : crazy : i just want to say that everyone who has been so supportive and encouraging in this thread are f * * king awesome . just reading through this thread and seeing so many people reach out and giving their ... to me , chaos in my life is just things that i do not understand . i find when i take the time to learn about them , everything becomes calm and clear . also trusting my intuition has been something i ... well then maybe someone should let them in ! : laughing : haha i love thinkers . i actually think it's good that you've put an objective spin on things . it's hard to explain why we try to protect and fix broken things . i think in a sense we're very ... at the back feels the safest . i have this fear ( especially if it's a huge crowd ) that i'll get crushed to death or something if there's some sort of freak riot or if it's at a concert or something ... i've never done it myself , mostly because once i find out someone is in a relationship it's like something clicks in my head that just says ok , unobtainable goods , time to be friends and move ... i don't think we have met yet . it is nice to meet you and i hope you start smiling soon . : laughing : no no , i wasn't joking . what i typed out has actually happened . and i do know that there are men ... yesss . it's better than sex a lot of the time . i've got to be comfy and feel safe with you though . if you don't have my trust then i wont even consider it . : blushed : aw shucks . if it's helping people that i'm close with and they're greatful that i'm helping them , then i will move mountains for them no matter what it is i'm doing . but that's how i get taken advantage of ... 2 of my exes have told me that i am too clingy . i really don't think i am . i would just do small things for them to hopefully make them smile and feel special like sending them a text message saying ... i've been on the recieving end of being stalked . random adds to my msn , underwear going missing from my clothesline , phonecalls with nobody talking when i pick up . ... it may sound weird of me but ... i was ok at math . i wasn't fantastic at it but i was ok . got me through high school anyway . if someone were to ask me how to do the stuff i did in high school now , i'd go blank . un-wedgie me . don't ask . i defend them like a dragon defending the princess atop the tower surrounded by a lava moat . however i only do so when they're being challenged . very few people ask me what my views are anyway so ... i am an absolute clean freak but when i'm upset about something it all turns into a bomb site and i just don't care about it until i get my optimism back and i cleanse everything again . i think if i ... fuck salt . welcome ! hope you have a good stay ! : laughing : none of my friends do this ... it could be because almost all of my friends are males . : mellow : i had a friend that admitted to liking me . i felt bad for him because it wasn't mutual . he was like a brother to me . we're still friends now though , which is good . i was scared that he was gonna run ... when it takes you 20 minutes to put on a shirt . : crazy : welcome to the forums and to the i-made-a-welcome-thread-in-the-wrong-place club ! i am your club president , glad to have you join ! : laughing : i don't do women ... : sad : a loving person lives in a loving world . a hostile person lives in a hostile world . everyone you meet is your mirror . i have no idea . my mom is very active and likes to get things done . she's not one without feelings though . aaaand my dad is always quiet and contemplative . he loves loves loves classical music ... haha , i like how the intps have suggested to go see a doctor . made me giggle . : tongue : yesss . i do this a lot . people may think it's rude but when i stare , i want to take a good look at them , and not some half-assed fleeting glance . i want to see them , not see a blur . i want to take ... why . it's always why . and if i'm feeling mellow-dramatic , it's why me ? welcome ! also , welcome to the i-made-a-welcome-thread-in-the-wrong-place club . i am club president . glad to have you aboard ! : crazy : i still do ... : mellow : i was wondering how to disable the emails that i kept on getting sent . they're so damn annoying ! they get sent to me every time someone posts in a thread that i did and i really don't need to know ... i like to keep it fly , yo . i think we should start a club for people who make welcome threads in here . anyway , welcome ! : laughing : haha , you made the same mistake i did when i first joined and made a welcome thread here . glad to see i'm not alone ! welcome . : happy : welcome ! i hope you enjoy your stay . : happy : i would love to meet a male infj . they're more rare than us female infjs so here's hoping ... : crying : love is that inescapable part of you , that part that always knows that everything's ok , that's happy , that's content . i've never done a stormtrooper before . would be an interesting night ! the neverending story . : 3 i couldn't help but laugh along with that video . nothing but good feeling from that . you sound like an amazing father because your daughter sounds very happy . : happy : why thank you ! i'm confused as to what this thread is about ... '