' i was in the same situation , only i was a guy dating a girl who was 7 years younger . also , we were 18 and 25 - 20 and 27 at the time . that probably makes a big difference in what i'm about to say , ... fort stain . i mean fort shame . sorry ! i mean fort wayne . come on , people . i need more of you to tell me this . keep saying it and maybe i'll believe it's possible . god , i want so badly to leave this place ! it seems so unrealistic , though . i have ... good god , so many responses . i kind of expected this thread to fall off of the first page with nary a response due to being uninteresting and self-centered . there seems to be lots of speculation ... i went to a bar tonight . it is my first real attempt to meet people in a long , long time . no , i'm giving myself way too much credit . it's more like my first attempt to be around other people in an ... it . it might be genuine and interesting . um ... what happened to the edit post function ? of course not . if an infj wrote a romance novel , i might actually be genuine and interesting . publishers wouldn't go near it . i don't want to sound rude , but i think you're confused about how mbti cognitive functions work . intj cognitive functions : ni - te - fi - se - ( ne - ti - fe - si ) intp cognitive ... attempted translation : hi ! i'm new to this site , and i hope you can help me out / i hope we can help each other out . i just want to try to improve my character . damn ! beat to the punch on the carcass jokes . thermite is the way to go if you need your bodies to disappear quickly . running is my main thing . 2-3 miles per day . weights 2 our of 3 days . i'm ... two . it's not that i lack interest the way many others in this thread do . i just have the charm and people skills of a wet cigarette butt . i don't recall any particularly unusual dreams about school during or immediately after high school . the real school dreams started after i finished college . apparently my brain didn't know how to ... i feel your pain . job hunting is the most horrible , monotonous , torturous thing in the universe . spend an hour filling in tons of trite information on an application , tweaking your resume and cover ... discovery of quantum vibrations in ' microtubules ' inside brain neurons supports controversial theory of consciousness this is just an interesting article that attests to the likelihood that ... i don't think any of this rules out intp as your personality type . in fact , the first three points resonate pretty strongly with me , and i'd wager many other intps would feel the same way . intps ... ditto . somebody who puts these boxes together all day everyday can put one together in five seconds , give or take . this doesn't take into account the fact that machines already unfold and tape 90 % ... i wish i had something a bit less generic to share , but this is the only halfway decent song that's already uploaded and ready to post right now . good luck with that . it sounds like a good plan otherwise . unfortunately , the mbti itself is not 100 % accurate . i think it would be naive and unethical to force anyone to do anything because of ... how did life begin ? rna that replicates itself indefinitely developed for first time grrr ... i just spent most of an hour typing a response to this . i made the mistake of typing it into the quick reply field . hit post quick reply and just like that ... it's all gone . and ... ooohhh , bummer . i was gonna say caustic , but i'm pretty sure that's android-only . of course you can still get flstudio mobile , but if you ask me , life just isn't worth living without a ... schizoid personality disorder | psychology today if you must link intp's inferior fe to a psychiatric disorder , you'll have much better luck with schizoid personality disorder . things as in ... woah , hold on ... are you actually saying you will only accept evidence that refutes your beliefs if that evidence comes from your beliefs ? i hope i misunderstood , but i can't discern any other ... yes x 3 . i can manage formal training , and though i don't enjoy it , it can be pretty useful this is particularly true for learning things i need to or should know but don't find the least bit ... i look forward to the day when a group of nasa scientists stumbles onto this thread and has a laugh at 2fast4u2 ' s expense . actually , they'll probably just be pissed that their work was so grossly ... : frustrating : fuck it . maybe it's best that members of the church of the apathetic doomsday cynic don't vote . oh ... jesus fucking ahhhg ! i just typed out a fairly long post ... and made the mistake of doing so in the quick reply window . hit send ... gone ! the message you have typed is too short . ... consider yourself lucky ? i went straight from phase 1 to phase 3 . well , there was a bit of a delusional phase 2 in college where i went to parties and stuff . i think it was more about ... i checked all but a few , so i think it makes the most sense for me to explain why i don't prefer those qualities that i left unchecked . simple : simple music leaves little to think about . ... i don't . meh , i can do better . will try again following sufficient caffeine intake . you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! stranger : hi stranger : m you : mornin whatever . it could play a role . everyone must experience everything via his or her own perceptions and perspectives . naturally , we are all inclined to put a higher priority on considering our own ... poop pills are latest way to cure dangerous c . diff infections , new study shows - nbc news.com this is your last chance . after this , there is no turning back . you take the blue pill - the story ... i'm familiar with a lot of this . i'm kind of amused by the way you worded this , because i used to buy into a lof of these conspiracy theories when i was younger - before i learned to examine them ... you know , there was a study that showed that men with wider faces tend to be more aggressive and less honest ? no , seriously . wide-faced men make others act selfishly i think you're onto ... i could see myself doing this . well ... i might be a little too self-conscious to break out in song , but if i was comfortable enough with the person and knew that it would help i probably would . i ... can you give any examples ? i've considered the possibility that i'm an exceptionally socially retarded entp . cognitive function tests often rate my functions in the following order : ti , ne , ... nooo ! damn you ! um ... dorito cake ? certainly that hasn't been done yet ... i'm not even sure what to say . yes , of course it's laughable , but i don't find it the least bit difficult to believe . this popular fanatical take on islam is , for the most part , why the middle ... hipster : rejecting all things mainstream makes us better and cooler than everyone else . intp : rejecting most things mainstream has practical value , because popular culture does not cater to our ... my god ! what have i done ? i didn't even know potato cakes actually exist . i thought i made them up . this is madness ! fair enough . my reasoning : the shutdown is an american issue , but it's international news . i thought it would be unnecessary and redundant to specify which government had shut down . you ... my apologies . i didn't realize you had to be american to have an opinion , or that posting anything that is more relevant to americans than to others proves that i believe only americans use this ... what's this ? everyone's favorite verbal masturbation thread has returned ? well this just gets my asparagus all tied up in wondrous , glacial pathologies . : happy : what is your opinion ( or non-opinion if you're into potato cakes ) ? what the hell ... why haven't i heard about this amplituhedron until now ? this is amazing ! unfortunately , my interest in quantum mechanics and theoretical physics in general is just a hobby . i ... ohhh . yeah , i think that's exactly how he felt . psychopathological : offers olive branch and box of cookies to abbytron abbytron : vomits on cookies and shoves olive branch down psychopathological's throat psychopathological : : crying : '