' please , don't take photos of mundane , everyday moments that you'll forget anyway . in twenty years , it won't matter to you , or to the people you're with now . you'll even forget you have the photos . if ... another friend watched httyd 2 today and was thrilled to tell me how my body language and personality almost exactly resemble hiccup's . made me overjoyed since a ) hey , who doesn't enjoy having a ... it sounds like the thing that prevents people from doing new things . whenever this or that happens to me and i think back on it , it feels like being afraid of feeling happy . “ it is a risk to love ... if i zoned out screens before sleep and started to write my dreams down , i'd be able to learn to have lucid dreams . but do i want to ? although i'm an amateur photographer ( side job , still studying ) , so my problem and a solution to it will have different forms in other fields , i'll try to be as general as possible . how do you ... to me it feels like you create too much pressure on yourself . you think about how great you should be , how you should impress her , how you should to most of the work . exploring a romantic interest is ... everybody looks like they're already doing their thing , having their social circle , living their life . and i'm just sitting here , being consumed by envy and feelings of incompetence . i've always ... it's been a while since i've come here . i've been at home for the past two weeks , more or less - no school , just finals , no one has the time to be with me or do anything worthwhile . after exams ... an infp friend of mine told me that she has been called desultory ( is that a word ? it popped up in the translator ) , she has to switch places and people often , otherwise she gets bored or depressed ... i've seen lots of different infps - punk dudes , metalheads , girly girls , hipsters , weirdos , hippies ; and even though i understand why we would be often associated with a bohemian lifestyle , it's ... it's oddly comforting to visit this place every once in a while . hi , you quirky angels . i've been creating and i have a tumblr blog now ( it's as close to a proper portfolio website as i'm willing to go for now ) and you might like it , if you look . and if you're tumblr-positive , by ... i apologize in advance for not being able to give you an idea , but i really have just an example that i think is very appealing - thatgamecompany ( yes , it's actually called like that ) , the creators ... i use my left hand for the spoon , sticks , pingpong and tennis , pen , holding stuff , can't think about others now . but i play the guitar , use the mouse and do other such things the way most people do ... i've been kind of an ass recently , leaving listening at home and talking with people just for the sake of talking . mishandling of reaching out to people . i forgot who i am . need to step it up . exactly . this whole today's culture thing is just ridiculous . it's simple to figure out , once you watch tv or look at internet news for a while . in each part of history , you have the majority and ... everywhere i go these days , i just see friggin ' enneatype twos . is there - anyone - out there that's interesting and fun to be around , but doesn't need to get married or have kids to feel happy ? she's avoiding me . definitely . no , maybe she just doesn't have time . of course ! but she still doesn't seem interested in being with me . but she said that thing about the ... are you sure that ... one guy at a party recently asked me if i have any vices . the reason was that we were talking about substances like drugs and alcohol and taking turns telling everybody what guilty pleasures we have ... because of loneliness , i'm becoming a slave of my fantasies again . holy shit ! i didn't know this existed ! thank you so much ! now that's keeping it oldschool , no matter what . check around if some old , bitter person doesn't have a jammer or something ( which would be completely paradoxical , but funny nonetheless ) . i think we may be awkward on the outside and in our manners , but most of it is sincere , i just want to be with you and be interested in you and make you feel comfortable stuff , which is definitely ... for the past few years , i've always been unconsciously measuring every person's worth against one another and making decisions heavily based on that . i'm concerned about it , not because of other ... this is what i tell other infps a lot about - any am trying to work it out myself as well . do you ever start talking to someone and then find out that they put out a vibe so strong that you find yourself trembling with excitement , hungry with wanting to get to know this person more , hoping ... i'm becoming more sarcastic and pinchy recently , almost like an intp . i like it , but it may bring me sour looks and a potential slap in the face . my advice : do both at the same time . i'm pretty sure every university that's worth something has some kind of a student exchange programme . sign up , choose a place you like , or just close your eyes ... the concept of intelligence is weird for me . or maturity , i don't know what to call it . people tell me that i'm more mature than people my age they know , that i've figured out things they have not ... for me , it's so far worked like this - there may be a initial sympathy or antipathy based on looks , but it doesn't matter as much as people think it does , because the more you know someone , the more ... you mean curious and inquiring like she wants to see your soul ? i always have that feeling around her that she's deep and unreachable , and if i don't watch out then yes , i sometimes start to think ... holy shit i'm in norway ! i'm staying for a whole semester , and it's exhausting , frightening , colorful , different , raw and so so beautiful , because i choose it to be . so what's the point in getting your hopes up when all you're ever getting is choked up when you're coked up and can't remember the reason why you ... dude . it felt like i could have written that post . i haven't read dune , android sci-fi and other classics , but i'm slowly digging through the witcher saga , to fill the blanks after i watched the ... you keep telling me that you don't know how to help me . that i always have a problem , and that i'm never satisfied with myself . and you admitted that you don't know how that feels , that you don't ... yes , you probably are undervaluating your bright , smart , witty , sharp-tongued , cynical , sexy self into something less because you're afraid of loneliness , dissaproval and emptiness . maybe you didn't ... pretty much the same here . sometimes it bugs me that i don't know what happened in the most famous books , but the same goes for tv shows and such , so it doesn't feel that bad . what interests me the ... do you guys have a thing when you know that if you wanted to , you could sit somewhere , anywhere , look at it all , try to take everything in ( shapes of buildings , touch of leaves and bark , smell of a ... i love it when people show how imperfect and broken and vulnerable and real they are . fellow artsy infps , i'd like to ask for your help on this one . this is a friend of mine , she's an infp , and i'm stuck with how i can take a portrait of her that would really show her personality in a ... yeah , i'll have to remember to do that , instead of being quiet . thanks for your time . :) i guess you're right , i was mostly speaking from my own bad experience with people's low proficiency with emotions and empathy , which makes them ( and me ) too cold , pushy or stubborn . what i need in ... it's probably been a few years since i've genuinely bought someone a gift from my own resources . it's weird - i don't like receiving gifts , so i don't give them either . but i'd probably give them ... i've photographed some infps . does that count ?  ... start with this , and go from there . when i experience those states , i often feel like an idiot for needlessly feeling that way , when i can be doing something more productive or fulfilling , but it's ... yup , same with the leaving for a while to let stuff happen and then get back for more thing here . except i love to meet new people , to look for that something , but definitely not in a direct way . yeah , i agree with that , i can see it in myself . also the fear tends to materialize itself when you find out that after a certain point , people start to get boring , at least for me . like they stop ... this . this . why does this happen ? 77374 '