' if i retire my account on here , can i come back to it and get it back ? is there a way to do that without losing the account permanently ? what does namaste even mean ? i'm not sure anyone can tell me the answers . i have to find them on my own . rune - you are right . i feel fear because i am afraid of what i don't know . these past months have been all new unknowns for me . is it right to fear the unknown ? probably not , but it is our ... will i ever feel happy again ? i wish her all the happiness . i don't deserve to be happy but she does . i've never been good with goodbyes . when my mom passed away in 2008 , i took it very hard but i moved on . i resented her for dying even though she was sick and it wasn't her fault . i blamed ... i'm having a hard time walking away . i don't want it to be over . even being friends is better than nothing , but i don't trust myself with her anymore and i'm sure she doesn't trust me either . it ... out of reach - gabrielle  i definitely recommend using origin if you are going to do that . my sister and i have been swapping turns buying expansions and stuff packs and we've never had any issues . just pick one account and ... some cosplaying friends of mine from the philipines got to be in this music video . i'm so excited for them ! yay ! then do it . use other means to keep up with friends and family . believe it or not , people used to keep in touch with each other before the invention of facebook and the internet . i know it sounds ... i think it's possible to be addicted to the internet , but it only becomes a problem when you spend every waking moment on there . using the internet as a research tool or as a way to let off steam ... i feel like this . when i got to a friend's house and they have other friends over , i feel so out-of-place and every single one of them thinks i'm some kind of stuck-up prude . i don't like the same ... i had fun playing d & d today . it's been a while since i was able to just play the game . i wasn't really worried about .. other stuff ... as much as i have been lately . i did check my email a couple ... i daydream about people but it's usually my attempts at working through conversations that i may or may not have with that person ( or that i want to have with that person . ) i've talked to marty ... satisfaction over gaining another level in skyrim on my main character save game . trepidation over a private message i sent last night / earlier this morning . happiness from an accepted friend ... you were offline for .. what ? a day ? two ? : tongue : seriously though . you should go to a convention ( like dragon * con in atlanta ) where they do cosplay . you can literally wear your normal ... mad world - that was interesting . how did you come find them ? there was a dubstep remix of mad world . i listened to it , but it ... rune - * hugs * athazagoraphobia this is a phobia that can be very lonely as well , if only because the fear can literally cause you to push people away from you . after all , if they don't get ... * hugs * .. i think mr . meepers ( why is your name so hard to mention ? ? ? ) said everything that needs to be said here . i just wanted to throw that hug in there . : tongue : i had to say good-bye to someone that i care about deeply . she didn't pass away or move , but i've been a jerk and was causing problems for her , so i made the choice . it isn't easy and i still ... wow . going all-out with these ... : happy : well , it isn't music ... but i * am * listening to it right now ... and i'm sure there are other's here would might appreciate these older games . :) ... i sometimes wonder if i am meant to be alone . i feel like i'm betraying someone . did i make the wrong choice ? no , i can't second-guess myself . i made my bed and now i have to lie in it . i still feel like i'm betraying someone , though . ... every sad song i can find on youtube . the girl i care about ... i had to tell her goodbye . i was making things awkward by having feelings for her where she did not have feelings for me . so , i ... i get lost quite often ... and i'm not always taking walks ... - sigh - now you've done it ... koukol - curse you and your there . are . four . lights video in your signature ! i spent over three hours looking at youtube videos thanks to you . an hour and a half watching star trek : of gods ... and what if the person you care about doesn't speak any of the languages ? or doesn't respond to any of them ? does that mean they just don't like you ? my infp friend said that , according to her , it's wrong to expect more than you can get . ok , so the context of her saying is that i asked her if it was wrong for me to want to be more than friends ... heck if i know ... some remake of in the middle of the night but it's all chaotic and sounds like it's a live version from a concert . it kind of sucked . i'm glad it's over now . i find my own lack of faith disturbing . i could settle ... right now ... if the girl i care about were to say that she was ready to settle down and wanted to settle down with me ... i would do it in a heartbeat . it doesn't matter apparently . i've heard good things about dating and i want to try it out but i'm not dating material , i guess . : sad : i know this from personal experience . the girl i care about acts similar to this to me since i did tell her how i felt . i think she's not completely comfortable being around me knowing that i have ... i like ranma 1/2 , accel world , fruits basket , ah ! my goddess ! , slayers ( all versions , really ) , ruin explorers , dragon half , sorcerer hunters , the first three seasons of pokemon , teen titans go ! i ... i'm typically the quiet guy who stays in the background . i get noticed but only by loud people who want to make me stand out in the middle of everyone and talk and i just am not comfortable talking ... kezia -  - sigh - i do need to learn to lighten up , i guess . i take things too seriously sometimes . i have a fear of being hurt but i always end up getting hurt , so i don't know how much stock i can put into it ... i dislike it when people tell me to just chill when i say something which is in disagreement with them . do you think that telling me to just chill will make my post mean less or something ? is ... finding love isn't easy and finding * the right person to love * is definitely not easy . who wants to find the wrong person and have their heart stomped flat ? no one . i don't see why anyone would ... - the long post was really moving . i dislike it when people act the way your step-mother was acting . if she and your father are having a rough patch she should not be taking that out ... i have been trying to get windows 95 or 98 installed on a virtual pc app so i can run the old magic : the gathering game from microprose . i loved that game , even though it only have the first ... i ... i was surprised to see you sitting there . i'm sure you noticed me pause when i walked into the pizza place . i wasn't sure what to say , except for the apology i gave . there was more that i wanted ... well , this isn't relavent to me , but it sure is hilarious . : crazy : - wut da fuq did i just watch ? i blame you for making me find this , mattylad ... : tongue : '