' welcome to the cafe . : innocent : i wholeheartedly agree . it used to be the first thing i used to check / update back in the days . it was one of the better things about perc . i hope they bring it back soon . :d ry : ahhh ... but if that is so , that raises the question as to how much to strictly believe in some of the more technical aspects of mbti and jung's cognitive theories , especially the one that haven't been ... yes , i suppose if you consider carl jung the god , and his words the word of god , then sure religious . though , of course you bring reason into pseudoscience . to what extent do you carry the torch of ... pssst ... i'll let you in on a secret . one of the core beliefs of mbti is that personality type doesn't / cannot change . saying so otherwise is equivalent of a heresy . touche . truth to tell , i have only vacillated once , although over a long period of time . i do have a recently formed hypothesis for the vacillation and my love for istj sub-forum . i am sure the ... ehhh ... ? ... yeah , you are still new . you'll learn . * cue prophetic messiah voice * i don't believe in dividing people . i speak as one , for all . all intjs and istjs are equal for me . / end voice . well , i am an intj , but i am a residentary istj ( or i ... hey , i know ... i know ... that's gotta be me , right ? oh , you would be very surprised as to how many people do the above , but are actually being dead serious ( not ranting ) and expecting that others ... i don't know ... i first tested when i was 14 , and i did get intj , so i managed just fine . : wink : meh ... you underestimate the intelligence level of 14 year olds . i agree with the above as ... well , i should be glad i wasn't met with the sound of crickets . on the not so positive side , i have a giant stack of posts to reply to . yay ! hmmm ... i suppose my empathy meter seems to be ... very . especially where my personal space and belongings are concerned . i once went camping with friends . the cabin we were staying in , i called ' home ' . something along the lines of , it's a good ... hmmm ... i wonder how come some of the skeptical but mature members here haven't bothered replying to your op seriously . though , i think i know the answer . while i agree with some parts of your ... in one line , to use your brain . to expand , to be open but critical about everything . no matter how hard the situation , if you are using your brain and trying your best , there is nothing for you ... as stone 100674 explained , no person fits the box of istj perfectly . most people have other traits that make them unique . it could easily be the case that your emotional sensitivity is one such trait ... emotional problems related to love . welcome to life . cautious cautious , calculating , contemplative , and careful . this person likes for things to make sense and to understand the reasons behind ... haha ... niss messing up multiple poll results for op . good work . i once came across a mythical story that i think might be relevant to what i would have chosen on the polls if i could have . haha ... yeah , i use white text for half of my posts . people just don't see it . chivalry . i completely fail to see how you are making your associations from one word to the other . doomsday . man . * whistles * i don't think i even need to say anything witty , or make a subtle pun . obvious whistle , is obvious . turns out that nickel is your sister who you thought was infp . something tells me that you and holgrave would have similar opinions on many things . i gave up on trying to catch up on each old thread after seeing some 300 page advancement in each thread . just name the thread , my friend . just name the thread . my bucket full of popcorn is ready . ... yes , niss . we can all completely imagine you doing that . makes complete sense . also , do you have teleportation abilities to be able to teleport from us to singapore and back to us within seconds ... not to stereotypicalise too much here , but sensitivity isn't precisely an istj thing . or at least not apparent emotional sensitivity . that may be more prevalent in certain f types . istjs generally ... hmmm ... don't quite see what being an intj has to do with likelihood of not wearing a watch . i like wearing watches because of its conveniency and practical use . i don't find mobile phone ... i don't think the directors of big bang theory designed sheldon while keeping mbti in mind . and so sheldon has traits of more than one type . i reckon he is a bit of ixtj with traits of both istj and ... hobbies ? what hobbies ? * cue robotic voice * the word doesn't compute with my lexicon vocabulary . i am a robot , designed for specific purposes , with little time to deviate from my goals . in all ... : shocked : the real question here is , how did you manage to survive without a watch for two months ? it's as important a part of my life as any of my organ is . * looks at sela , and many other istj members * maybe its not as uncommon for istjs as you would like to think . though , in all honesty , interest or skills in maths isn't reserved for specific types ... thanks . bit apparent , my love for strikeout code , isn't it ? and my love for pointless smiley faces , especially the dry face . and white text . :d ry : : cool : far fetched , you say ? people must have a memory hundred fold better than mine to remember all these . and a whole heap of spare time . ( yes , i realise the hypocrisy with me wasting time on a forum ... mood : impulsive reason : guess , i just came back to perc . if making decisions like these with little thought isn't impulsive , i know little of what is . just wanted to say hi . wasn't sure ... thanks for remembering me ... though my stay is ... fleeting ... at best . i have always been here , lurking in the shadows . though , i generally don't post as the topics are much the same and eventually ... you know , beating someone whose first language isn't even english in one game of scrabble isn't all that much to brag about . as for this topic , i am better off not contributing much , lest i begin ... got 20 . hmmm ... why am i not surprised . another harmonizer here . it was a good test , better than some others i have seen . considerate idealist personaldna | your true self revealed - fast fun free personality tests the way the slider worked makes me question the validity of it , but meh . i scored 100 in ... you are a considerate idealist . confidence 70 openness 4 extroversion 4 empathy 54 close enough is good enough . and don't burst my bubble . i was already munching on that cookie too ... > _ > hey , don't say that ! how can you say that ? life is beautiful , so nice and perfect . the future is glorious . look outside at the beautiful sun and the sky , and the flowers blooming . engage your se ! ... abraxas 5-3- 9 action potential 5-1- 4 antiant 5-9- 3 bethdeth 9-5- 3 bionic 8w9 - 5w4 - 3w4 sx / sp bogspirit 5-9- 4 cereszal 9-6- 4 or 9-4- 6 ( sp / sx ) chanceyrose 5w6 -9-4 ( so / sx ) coonsy 5w6 , 3w2 , 8w7 ... yeah , that is probably what i would have done , were i any smarter . perhaps it would have been better just to walk off rather than waste my time . i am such an idiot sometimes ... :d ry : no , i don't think i have had lucid dreams . the closest i can think of coming to it is thinking why does it not make sense , or in case of dream repeats , thinking that this has happened to me before . ... yeah ? maybe so . perhaps i am over reacting for nothing , and i'll accept that . i wouldn't say i was bitter , but irked more so that someone was willing to judge me from one post of mine . all i say is ... wouldn't this actually solve your problem ? now , you get to watch in living room which is nice and comfy as you wanted and also with a big tv which is hooked to the cable . its almost a win - win ... callsignowl i am sorry but your nihilistic views fail to translate to me . i don ’ t understand what you are basing your assumptions on , or how you could be judging someone based on your perceptions . ... '