' you're lucky . is your bf an entp ? i never told any of my gf i ' love ' them . and i'll never for sure . hopefully she's istp she doesn't care . i found that so pathetic all that romantic pooshoo stuff ... i disagree . i've never been agree with an infj , but , we do understand each other verywell . so weel that it become a kind of brain sucking . then , we have sex or fight . then discuss , then sex or ... there is no monney or sex to earn here on this forum .. therefore , why should i spend more time whereas nothing will be improved by this extra time spent on spelling ? for a specific picture , yes it is . but after i've friend of mine with which i have this kind of discuss not on a specific picture , but on generic stuff related to art and pictures , such as ... i fully agree i don't like entp too irl usually . exactly . i just ignore them as u do . if they continue arguing or saying stupid things , i destroy there argument the more violently and the quicker i can in the best mix of violence and pertinence ... first free tips : for infj , 1 : become friend , challenge hie ideas with rationnal thing , let him / her win after showing you're brillant ( easy way ) 2 : then : please if you don't want to do it ... yesterday i've been told : you can't change your work and do anything you want , you can't be a professionnal for all the jobs . i was thinking ' what job can't i do and why would i be uncapable to do ... ah , okay . you're starting from scratch so , there are only a few jobs availlable for beginner that pay well . - robery - narcotics - prostitution - sell an organ i'v never been betrayed . no one never tryed yet . i believe to betray me they'll first have to become close enough to be able to do it . and i think , people closer enough for that are less than 10 in ... how , how i know this .. i usuallyhave strong discuss with my gf because i can't stand being overtake by people when we're walking in the mountain . always first , never stop , and trying to overtake the ... hum ... not really , when i like someone , i try to be nice with him / her . if i annoy someone , repeatedly it's obviously because at the best , i don't care of him / her . ahahah , i see .. :D tell him he's wrong , whatever he was saying . if he starts arguing and if you're thinking you are stupid , there is a good chance he's an entp . what about israelo palistian conflict ? #and 15minuts after , the place is burning i don't know , it's related to coldness of life in our grey world , this dark hole in the center is the dark mystery we try to find arround us , it's the big question , asking us why are we here and what ... you're obviously an infp .. he will request for sex soon enough . if not , he's not interested . 566946 how can you see ' judgement ' in this guy ? all his talks , decision are made in ' reaction ' and never by following a plan ... he always speaks faster than he thinks . have you already met an entj before , ... agreed i'm always asking myself , how can it be possible to be nt and christian .. for me it would be like living with a black hole in my mindset . have you seen looper ? that's a good example . anyway entp girls are like aliens , they don't exist . i prefer to let the ' not so sexy ' entp girls people experiment the ' multi life ' theories ( reincarnation and so and so ) . i'll use this one the more i can . is there a trick to get a sexy one ? you're so strange ... why would you like to spend time with someone identic to you ? i'm looking for different people . and i don't know why , but i often have hard time with other entp . at least at ... 1 : what does it mean ? faith is a jail . i can't understand how we can stand on strong belief , more than that , especially regarding religion nor those spiritual bullshit . life is just a specific ... : laughing : when the debate starts , after one or 2 sentences from the guy , you think ' i'll bring him from here to here , then here , then here , he'll oppose that , then i contradict with that then , win ' and you do ... noting is fine in this picture .. the meat looks bad , the pant has a hole , the framing is completely missed , the color and white balance are fucked up , the luminosity is as bad as it can be , there ... 1 : i'm different for that i think , i don't like to be told i'm awesome . we know we are when we are over performant . i prefer to explain why and how i did and debate about it . but in a way , it is the ... the thing is , now , i don't have to say anything . and i don't , she founds that it looks like stupid .. she told that to her sister in front of me . how happy i was . in fact i believe it is deeper than ... 1 . i've seen that just before posting , i decided to post anyway ( and you've replied , it's therefore not totally useless , and for the cost of a click i was able to spend that energy ) 2 . thx 3 . thx your avatar is weird . exactly :D i don't . i always think ' what's the problem with it ? ' ' what does she want ? ' or ' what is she planning ? ' .. i'm always looking at the plan behind the words . i don't like compliments , or love words for ... go to sleep around 11pm ( usually exausted by work ) , wake up at 6 am . if i don't have to work , staying awake until 5-6 oclock in the morning isn't a problem . anyway , i'll wake up at 7 oclock am , and ... i could , but no . none of my friends are as you describe . all of them are : 1 working hard to get a good life ( entertainment , etc ) , 2 : travelling a lot and planning their future in good conditions ... i stopped dealing with feelers . they are brain suckers . i love my surgery mechanic brain . i don't know how an entp can live his emotions , i try for a year , going from heaven to hell each days , at the ... i've heard the subject of the philosophy exam ' of this year . i found them all stupid . are those question real question ? do they think students are so stupid ? or are they so stupid ? poor of us . lipstick ? it's for old ladies isn't it ? i totally disagree with that . people are more and more reading shit without the capacity to step back and understand the ' why ' behind the info they get . information is less and less verified as the ... you're full of internet wikihow knowledge . exciting . so do i : o i'm not into cartoon , i prefer flesh . what did you expect ? he invited you to come with his friends . 5 steps to start a tinder conversation smoothly every time | tinder seduction and indirect vs . direct game : which is really better when you approach a beautiful girl ? i would first start with the weather easy one , whatever she answers i make an analogie with the strike that are a pain in the ass for lot of people actually , and then whatever she answered , the ... i honestly couldn't find anything interesting into this article ... such ' new perfect pseudo pnl manager ' make me feel i'm talking with a wall ... '