' my first language is cantonese , i can only speak it and not write it . also i repeated three time my first year of cantonese and only study until grade 2 cantonese . apparently i speak very well in ... - masami iwasawa ( angel beats ) - yukine miyazawa ( clannad ) - euphemia ( code geass ) - kyou fujibayashi ( clannad ) - holo ( spice and wolf ) - suzumiya haruhi - fluttershy ( mlp ) - kurisu makise ( steins ... i use to always ask this question to myself and the result is this : i made this last year xd let me just say that i am very boring tt_tt i don't follow news or pop culture . i never complain about anything . i'm way too quiet . i never have anything interesting to say . i'm too serious about ... some house that look as cozy as this . lots of wood :D built somewhere like this , green vast land , ... the meaning of life for me it's to sit around a table with my friends and have a very nice meal . there's many down and up in a everyday life , but at the end of the day , if you can sit with your ... i consider myself pretty manly , but not masculine , more the gentleman or the nice guy more vulgarly . i do hang often with female friends and even thought i am very sensitive and value oriented , i do ... be yourself . for the first time , i felt the necessary to post on this thread , to have something worthy to say . ( i should quantity > quality of my posts , anyway ) for a while i felt i was being very positive , ... in person no , because apparently all gays are good looking , fit person , some girls says . anyway , i don't look stereotypically gay . on the internet , oh yes i get ask if i'm gay , if they know i'm a guy ... how do you respond to authority figures in your life ? do you generally question authority or are you pretty submissive ? i'm minor , not working yet , so i can't involve in politics or have a boss ... i'm still very young ( 16 ) , i still have a lot to learn , but i'm grad that i learned : - be honest , be honest to your close ones , friends , family and especially to yourself . i use to lie a lot about ... no one call me woop ! but at the same time i feel lonely , me = infp xd but there's someone i text often . i never take out my phone in public , especially if i'm around people i know . i think is a form ... this is very interesting , i agree so much that we can change our perspective . for me how i do it , i try to frame everything positive . in the example : i would come out and laugh so hard , because i ... i use to feel very dark since forever , but one day i told myself i will stop feeling depress and be happy and i became happy . life does get better , love yourself and people will love you . it's the ... j u d g m e n t a l thanks ! now i just discover an awesome rapper . i do speak french , the themes talk about in the songs are very infp alike , it is very possible that he's an infp , of course that no one can judge that ... i keep a small notebook near me . i write down everything that i love , that i find it funny or stuff that i did that i thought it was awesome , basically anything positive that i do or experience . when ... i did a test before and i got quality time . i totally agree that i like to spend time with someone . it will be follow up with words of affirmation and physical touch . i love when someone just affirm ... that's how i think emotions are , it might give you an answer . :D btw day 9 is the sexiest beast know to man - f * ck it list ( seriously ) they will cherish this moment from the bottom of their heart ~ i try to make note taking enjoyable , so for me it's make my notes beautiful , i would take time to color code everything , make it neat and clean . i enjoy doing that . 1 . crush 2 . turtle 3 . getting along 4 . cozy 5 . no 6 . chairs and open window 7 . wood 8 . put on top of my head 9 . river 10 . walk on it like jesus lol i thought you had a crush on me , i am almost in the same situation as the infp guy . :D i think he's a little unsure . i am sure if you tell him how you feel , he will certain accept it . he say it ... i love short movie , especially those meaningful ones . :D i want to share some and sorry if someone already post one of those videos . ... i don't really believe those kind of thing but ironically if you look at the urban dictionary my name , martin , it perfectly describe me . xd i read in some articles that infp have to develop their ne i think ( not sure witch function ) , in other word know what we like and dislike . so when we face a decision we can quickly choose the one we ... i do have that loop also . i haven't figure out how to leave that loop , but i write in a journal things that i did that i thought it was awesome . when i'm feeling down , i read that journal , it cheer ... i thought that was ne ... i don't know . example of fi , i got very mad when my mom brought a bottle of watter instead of getting a cup of water , because i value the environment . i overreacted a ... * * hug * * it's ok , it's just some emotions . let it do it's thing . :) oh yes , i do when i get overwhelmed . organizing stuff is the extroverted thinking function , infp lowest fonction is extroverted thinking . so we do have that function , but it's not well developed and some developed this function . i read ... math is my best subject and english my worst one > _ < , but i'm still a infp . i treat math as a skill , i love trying to solve math questions , it's challenging and fun . the thing is , one day , my mother ... i really love hugs , but i'm very shy to ask one . i never given someone a hug before tt_tt , but i love hug . when someone give me one i'm really happy . embrace your awkwardness ! ! ! william clay cole ( august 29 , 1897 - september 23 , 1965 ) ( also known as william c . cole ) was a republican representative from missouri's 3rd congressional district from 1943 to 1949 and from the ... one word : tsundere def from wiki : tsundere is a japanese character development process that describes a person who is initially cold and even hostile towards another person before gradually showing ... does anyone feel very depressed when a friend do drugs / alcohol ? because i do and my friend is minor . on the good side , you have a funny story to tell . that's how i deal with my embarrassments , i do dump things all the time . - read good guy greg meme - listening to music - read manga / watching anime ( sometimes i can't concentrate ) - walking outside - helping someone - talk to someone about my feelings - ice cream anime , drawing , photoshop , creative trolling , helping people , walking , crafting , minecraft , starcraft , trying new stuff and bed siting . misconception # 1 : i'm good in math because i'm asian . to be good in math need practice and also a good mindset to solve problems . not that i'm born to be good , nor i only do thousands of math ... i cannot really recall childhood memories at will , some good memories i remember well . most of my memories are feelings and not so much the details of it . sometime , i suddenly had the same feeling ... i was in this stage not a while ago , then i just made a few new awesome friendship . moral : people go and come sometimes , i make negative thoughts , like my friend doesn ` t value our friendship ... i don't speak for all infp , personally i don't look adorable , but when someone get to know me better , they will start doing a lot of awww , cute and etc ( i'm a male ) . it is pretty common from what i ... i always think that infp control a part of our world , because the world come from ideas , ideas come from books and books come from nf ( big part of it are infp ) . so if all infp didn't existed , we ... i always thought daydream is like imagination exploding in the head and i don't feel that way . i realize that when i try to predict a future event , filling gasp in the truth , fantasize , constant ... ~ ~ quiet ~ ~ when was the last time you took a risk ? last tuesday what was the risk ? i got suddenly pull into a random class when i was wondering in the hallway . xd the teacher ask me if i wanted to join the ... 1 . ) what are your initials ? mckw 2 . ) country you live ? canada 3 . ) age ? 16 4 . ) girl or boy ? man 5 . ) fav color ? orange '