' my handwriting is terrible ! 19061019061 0 155930 me too .. but sometimes it sucks but sometimes it is better than going out ^ ^ it aaall depends on the people i think clubs could be a blast ! but being in the library could also be tons of fun ! just because i have an more intellectual mindset dosen't mean i can't enjoy those clubnights out when you are so ... här kan vi alla vara deppade ensamma nt-nordmän / kvinnor t_t ja precis ! likadana reaktioner får jag av mina vänner .. men men ! jag är 20 ! sj ? tror inte mbti är så himla vida känt , dessutom är det ju pseudovetenskap så då är folk skeptiska och då är det nog inte så många entusiaster och ännu mindre svenska entusiaster :( you lost me halfways : sad : i don't have anything to say actually , just wanted to say that i will be lurking in the dark because this thread is really interesting ! however i do want to say this whole fe vs fi really gets me ... this thread is full of bright happy people ! indeed , maybe sasuke found a way to jump between different dimensions haha in what language ? : laughing : that is exactly what i'm saying i believe uchiha sasuke looks exactly like keanu reeves ... ! 130689 with my awesome post : crazy : haha oh mygod yes i love you ! ! the video rocks ! ! 123418 1234 26 maybe , depends on the cause and my opinons etc however i do perfer to just stay out of all it and just observe . hmm very interesting ! i got two big sisters however my eldest is only half sibling but we all are very keen on keeping up the sisterhood . though i'm very close to my sisters but haha they are not ... i was discussing with my older sister about responsibilties as siblings and protection etc .. we noticed that my older sister's friends that had a kid brother were very very protective of them ... 122362 1221 78 fuc * * * hate unicorns ... hmm actually there are alot of threads about synaesthesia . i don't see the colors but i associate letters / numbers with colors , also they have traits , like little personalities if you would ... can't we all agree on a certain date and a certain time ? ! ? i'm always too late t_t supernatural animated gif 121002 i am so confused by this thread , i just don't understand it ... but it is nice to see people who take the stuff on the internet serious and wants everyone else to be serious :p roud : i don't really care for what people think of me here on perc as it won't ... haha i'm having a great time atm ! ! you know , you should try not to take everything so serious .. i'm not being destroyed by anyone and especially not by you , something like this can't destroy me ... see there is my point : laughing : hihi this is a cute thread .. it is like watching my isfj friend getting her scary angry outbursts . : crazy : i loved france's song and i was rooting for it .. i didn't like the winner , sure it is nice to give the finger to putin and this was one stepstone for lgbtq but the song sucked .. yeah i agree ... late yet again .. my god ! sarcasm ! have you heard of it ? ! ... calm your tits woah ... i didn't say that i believe that there are masucline and feminime but sadly we are living on a planet with many people who actually believe that women and men should ... 120394 1203 62 120370  1203 78 i just love this picture : blushed : no , i just live in a male dominated world :p roud : hmm i don't know about the date thing actually but they are precieved as very feminime and how the ideal woman should be . like it or not , the ideals ... i would say isfj and infp .. all introverted feelers in general . society likes them quiet softspoken ladies , death to them cold rational talkative ladies ! : angry : 120330 is this thread for real ? 117762 <--- isn't he just just ridiculously handsome ? ! hmm nothing more to say so i will just keep on lurking around dat moment when you were too late nah , we have known each other for quite some time now , kind of just given up besides he is out of my league so i will just keep on lurking in the friendzone ~ ~ this friday , this friday ! ! ! no i'm in the friendzone with the guys that i'm interested in but with their friends i'm not in the friendzone , basically i'm in the wrong guys friendzones and those who i wouldn't mind be in the ... isn't estj the most hated ones ? it is an evil circle , your guyfriends that you are interested in has friendzoned you and those you have friendzoned are the ones that hasen't friendzoned one .. yet .. if that makes sense ? ! oh you can be .. sadly .. the worst thing ever geez move on .. aren't you an nt ? i think i read somewhere that nts are good at moving on .. seriously it is an lost cause , realise that and then just move on , don't go and let your negative emotions ... 112210 because i'm happy , happily drunk ! think i got out of the friendzone which is nice ! ! this thread has no point what so ever i'm just happily drunk ! 111882 '