' there's something to be said for self-acceptance . at the same time , i think it's dangerous to let your type - - which represents your preferences , not your destiny - - limit the way you experience ... i don't know that i've ever wanted to love someone . i'm not even sure how that would work . seems to me like either i love , or i don't . keep in mind that although we can be gushy and effusive and ... also , trailer bride . ok , i gotta get to work ... do you know the sadies ? they're very much in the same vein .  i was just listening to that on your profile page . how have i never heard this before ? there's no awesomer sound on earth to me than a bigsby-bent guitar chord with a trail of reverb . yeah , i think he's the greatest songwriter ever ... and i also love his guitar playing and his singing . i came to listening to him about 10 years ago via cowboy junkies , who adored him . live at ... this website has been priceless to me : infj or infp ? a closer look i love love love woody . dustbowl ballads is a perfect album . and i love townes even more . what is it exactly that you think you're doing to this person ? this all sounds so familiar to me . i truly relate . for me , i think that even when i want closure , i don't really want closure , you know ? with my big fat fi and my te , i seem to have boundless energy ... my most common recurring nightmares are about nuclear war . i haven't had one in awhile , but i remember every one vividly . this sounds like sleep paralysis . it's happened to me , and it is ... i find that enfjs have strong morals , and are dramatic about defending them . while i've never felt exactly manipulated by an enfj , i have felt led on by one , which i think was a combination of her ... i seem to click easily with enfjs . my enfj friends are so much fun ... but some bad experiences with their hair-trigger tempers and grudges keep me a little bit on guard . enfps are great fun , to ... wow , so much angry industrial music , and crunchy grindy guitars here ... makes me feel old . :D this song got me through a divorce : and then this ... i like that quote . i would add that , for me , much of this longing has to do with wishing i could share the experience with another person - - share it completely , and know it was shared completely , ... sounds awesome to me . i have rudimentary skills on guitar , piano , banjo , dobro , harmonica , ukulele , lap steel , bass , and bowed saw . i love having all these instruments around and picking one up and just messing around . i ... ahhh you're right . i've got infj on the brain . nix that . i'll take a look , thanks . i admit i was stereotyping , but i'm tellin you , what i described is my experience with multiple enfp's . whether infp and enfp are very different ... well , our functions ... can you give me a description of an unhealthy enfp that you'd accept ? seriously , i'm interested in learning . both of the enfps that made up my picture above were not typed by me . both told me their ... doesn't the title of this topic sort of advertise in big neon letters that it's going to be a bunch of venting in the form of offensive stereotypes ? is there another way to discuss your least ... well , i am sorry if i offended . those are my repeated experiences with enfps , though . seriously , can you paint me a picture of a healthy enfp ? something to counter that ? oh , wait - - no . no i'm not . ha - - yes . yes we are . : laughing : i was probably just venting , though . guess i'm the only one who's used this thread to do that . i think compulsively considering people's feelings can be an excuse to not engage with life . i think to some degree , worrying about how other people will feel about our actions is a self-aggrandizing ... no no , on the contrary ... i was married to an enfp and i understand her just fine . i don't know that they're all unhealthy , but i have had multiple experiences with enfp's and the same issues ... i love it , and i use it every day . besides keeping in touch with my family , none of whom live close to me ... i had lots and lots of friends in high school that i lost touch with , and it feels so ... this thread is destined to be locked , isn't it . ok , are there enfp's who have not gone bad ? seriously . i asked my gf this question the other day : is there such thing as a healthy enfp ? i'm not ... so i read this article today , and it reminded me of what you said above . bbc news - men are bigger liars than women , says poll men are more likely to tell lies than women and feel less guilty ... right . we can never know who deserves what punishment ... and outside of yourself , who would you trust to decide ? ah , but i don't trust most people . i am very withdrawn and self-sufficient . only a very select few people on earth get any of my trust . the process for choosing who is worthy is intuitive and ... we get people - - we truly understand them , with very little ( or subtle ) data . in my experience , people of other types , even other nf types , seem to see it as a magical power . rushing back again and again to trust the same person ( s ) , regardless of how many times they've demonstrated they are untrustworthy . oh gee , maybe they've really come around this time , gotten their ... don't use your type as an excuse or a reinforcement for behavior , or habits of thought and feeling , that don't serve you . most of the big personality type theorists , including jung , see personality ... i love this post . my family's envy and negativity and defeatism are so draining . you just don't want to tell them about anything ; they'll take the steam right out of it . it is fun to be cynical ... i've been guilty of ditching friends when i get into romantic relationships . i've got some insanely loyal , forgiving friends . and i've gotten better as i've gotten older . this is hard , because strong intuitives really can read other people's minds much of the time ; our intuitions are so often correct . but for me , i have to try to remember that when i'm reading ... this is really well-observed and helpful . thank you . this i don't buy at all . maybe i'm not reading it correctly . but i , for one , am strongly attracted to intelligent , accomplished , achiever ... like with acey's experience , my assumptions about how other people see me are often pretty far off the mark , colored by distorted self-image . most people i don't trust at all , and i am completely withdrawn and walled-up around them . family , coworkers . but once in awhile i meet someone with whom i feel a strong connection , and i find myself ... well , i've gone the route of jealousy , and rules , and checking up , and it has always ended badly . ultimately , i think i believe in that hoary cliche : if you love something , set it free . not saying ... honesty = awesome . which is not to say that i'm this enlightened , unjealous man all the time , cause i ain't . only that i'm trying my best to recognize and exercise some self-control and trust . ok , thanks for clarifying . for me , those things are not justified jealousy , even if they're really happening , and i've worked ( and work ) on getting rid of jealousy over those things . it's hard . it's ... cristianluca , what do you mean by justified jealousy with facts ? can you give examples of what you think is justified , and what you think is not ? i don't have much of a problem with envy of ... it's my first filter for everything . it's like my 6th sense . or , since my se is so retarded , it's more like my first sense . you know , i didn't think i had this issue until the end of my marriage , with an enfp who was very effusive and needy and into me until she suddenly ( it seemed to me ) flaked out and ran off and left ... i find that my confidence builds most when i can put myself into a teaching role . for me , this centers around creative writing , and music history . people who are interested in these things , but who ... being so lost in my thoughts and worries and insecurities all the time that i miss all the joy and wonder of the current moment . cell phones , and internet , and internet on cell phones , have really ... '