' i don't know if my opinion would help at all since i'm a girl , but i'm a lesbian lol , and i guess i have a similar thought process to a guy's ( having a lot of guy friends who hang out and confide in ... well , i don't think he felt i can't believe i said those things . i think when there is no pressure or expectations , it works out best that way , and i think that must be how he felt . i think sp ... hm .. i actually have a tendency of constantly wanting to change when things don't work out . it's kinda impulsive though , but i don't really tend to think of it as grass is greener . like for example ... i tend to consistently run into infjs all the time ... oddly , i don't know why . i usually get along very well with them and i like that they are expressive of how they feel and whatnot . i like that ... that's actually pretty tough . well i did read somewhere about istps and the whole nothing is unconditional . like saying i do / i will , it's really for now . and that's pretty true , at least for ... when i get depressed , i get very self-critical and have a greater tendency of thinking / imagining the worst that could happen . i also stop caring and tend to display a idgaf attitude around ... 37210 this is just an update from my previous picture lol . i wonder why i never run into istps in person ! :( hmm ... i'm usually pretty welcoming person from the start , i enjoy talking to people , if i feel we will be friends or there is potential for a good friendship / relationship , otherwise i hate small ... dude . my enfp gf said to me ( or claimed ) that she has an extremely high sex drive and that it's been a problem with others in the past . i quote , yeahhh i'm sorta .. a .. hypersexual . i was like , oh ... and i would like to add that , out of the known personality types i have been with ( entp , esfp , istj , enfps ) , it seems to me that enfps worked best with me . i seem to get along grand with them ! :D ... soo i'm with this new enfp now , going on for 3 months .. and even though the relationship is quite new and fresh , i think it's quite possibly the best relationship i've had to date ! so much sexual and ... i love the fine arts . i'm just not good at any of them .. i wish i was though , so i have the utmost respect for those who can really get their hands into it all . i've never really understood much ... beauty of copy & paste . less effort to type . ok done , my fingers are aching now . jaykayz > ^ . ^ < kitty ... x85 ... x85 .. : ´ ¯ / ) ... / ¯ .. / / ... / ... / / ... / ´ ¯ / ' ... ' / ´ ¯ ¯ ' ) ¸ ... / ' / ... / ... / ... / u200b ¨ ¯ . ( ' ( ... ´ ... ´ ... ¯ ~ / ' ... ' ) ... ' ... u200b . / ... ' ... hi guys ! i just came here to troll because this thread was so pointless . u200e . … … .. … .. / ´ ¯ / ) … … … ... ( ¯ ` . … … … / … . / / … .. … .. … … . .. … … … . / … . / / … … … .. … . … . ... / ´ ¯ / … . / ´ ¯ … … … .. / ¯ ` … . ¯ ` ... i don't hang out with people when i need to recharge . i just sleep , go on the computer , watch movies if i'm really bored , sleep , cook and snack on something .. probably go outside and read a book ... i agree with everything above . but out of all of that , i really truly hate being told what to do , and i hate when people plan so much shit ahead of time that it leaves me no room to do my own thing ... 1 . when you really like someone ( or in love with someone ) , how do you act around your object of affection ? it depends on my comfort level ... a lot of times i'm really shy and a bit quiet , i kind of ... uhm . this might sound totally ridiculous and this is not the best compliment i've never given , but out of shyness and embarrassment , i never tell them you're hot lol i'd say something along the ... haha ! i was just literally talking about that a couple days ago with a mate ! i need to climb a water tower . now . where can we find one ? arrrgh judging from op , i don't think you're an istp , you sound like infj ( perhaps infp but the former sounds more likely ) . from what i've read , i don't think ts cry very often , and from my personal ... are you ok ? what are you thinking about ? are you bored ? why are you sitting / doing that by yourself ? ( sometimes followed by come over here ) dude .. you're such a bitch did you really ... i dated an entp .. she was my first girlfriend . personally , i don't know how all entps are , but the one i was dating always had the need to be right and would make me feel like i wasn't doing my job , ... masculine : i'm a total tomboy . i don't really wear dresses or high heels either . i also pretty much get involved with the guys and hang out , i love sports and .. my friends say i make a lot of hand ... work to live as well . a lot of the work i seem to get involved with doing ends up tiring me and i end up just wanting get the hell out and go home . i'll only live to work if i really love ... i would never say something to hurt another on purpose . usually it seems i heart others unintentionally but that's because i just happen to be a very direct person . many people tend to take it the ... no , not interested . strictly just girls as long as they're not irritating , emotional , and immature lol . and willing to explore the new with me . i think what makes me depressed is thinking i cannot accomplish something that needs to be done , letting people down , and some other issues that relate to stress . i'm constantly thinking in my head ... that's a scary one ! i wouldn't even bother thinking of doing that xd i want to be able to say / know : yeah i've seen it . yeah i've done it . yeah i've been there . i'm always up to see something new and explore places i've never seen in my life . i travel a lot and go ... i'm studying / majoring in chemistry right now but haven't figured out whether to change to biochemistry yet . so i wanna ask too , for everyone's majors , do you enjoy it or do you just want to get ... istps can be pretty on / off . i've been told i'm pretty unpredictable too , no one can really know what i'm thinking or feeling ... i don't know how to say really , but what cherryiezz said in her post ... i can't really specify a type but i can specify what traits that really turn me off : arrogance / self-righteousness , immaturity , too uptight , too unrealistic ( it's okay to have goals and dreams , but i ... thanks ! i did it myself : $ this is me lol .. kinda tomboyish : 3 .. no way . i tend to wear a lot of layers and tend to dress a bit boyish . i wear pants 90 % of the time . i'm pretty uncomfortable about revealing skin . i'm 21 , i'm going to be 22 in a short few months though . i live in california but i'm moving to oregon in the fall ~ whew , i thought i'd be the only messy one :p my room is a disaster , i don't clean as often as i like , but i have a crapload of stuff . i think that my family members also eventually treated it as a ... lol ! ! ! that sounds very much like my gf . my gf is an istj too , we gave been dating for 8 mths now . she always plans everything ahead and needs a backup plan , and a backup plan for that , and then a ... i don't want kids . i thought about it before and i think the only reason i would want them would be to make my parents happy or something . so far i wouldn't consider having kids though . i just figure ... hmm yeah i wondered if there would be any clashing or any annoying habits that either type may get irritated at , whatnot . seems not many people have had experience in these type relationships ... i didn't make them , i found them . yeah i probably had too much time on myhands last night with a lack of something to do either hahah . but it was fun reading them  ... ...  ...  ...  ... ...  ... '