' i have an infp and istj friend who get along well as acquaintances , but i'm not sure how well they'd get along as true friends . both personality types share the same cognitive functions , just in ... traditions and social rules can be outright harmful when not questioned . people should have free will to follow or not follow traditions as they see fit . people are often socially ostracized for not ... i used to drink when i was younger , and i was very much a light weight . i don't like being buzzed , because it makes me acutely aware of my mind being fuzzy . however , all that goes away when i become ... i'd save the child because materialistic cultural objects have no meaning to me . i don't care about old paintings , old buildings , ancient artifacts , etc . they're cool , but people put too much meaning ... there is no question here but i will interject my thoughts . yes , intjs can and will go on forever discussing philosophical and theoretical topics . these are the only things i want to talk about , and ... i try to have as few interactions with them as possible . i have been known to seek secret revenge though . the way i usually go about doing this , is a figure out what annoys that person the most , and ... i work in retail as a manager , and believe me , it is a strange place for an intj . most of the other managers i work with are esfjs and estjs . they are all accepting of me , but think i'm a weirdo . ... every personality trait has its own evolutionary advantages and disadvantages . for example : introversion vs . extroversion . introverts are more cautious and don't put themselves out in the environment ... i haven't noticed a correlation between thinker woman hanging out with men more often . i don't really have much friends , but i would say i get along with men and women equally , albeit i don't really ... if it's one thing i've learned in life , is that cookie cutter solutions and black and white thinking doesn't work . sure , the answer you supplied is the most rational , but it still doesn't make the ... from my experience , i have always been the more dominant one in all my relationships , however , when i was with my infp boyfriend , he did not like this . he never said that , but i could tell . he pushed ... i don't think anyone agrees with cheating or thinks it's a good thing . however , i don't view it as black and white . depending on the situation , there are worse moral crimes you could commit . for ... i'm not an infp but i've always been a huge personifier . even as an adult , i am always doing it with object at work . when i worked at a grocery store in my early 20 ' s , i used to straighten the ... no , i would never attack a person's character , even when i am angry . i have done so when i was younger , and felt terrible . lesson learned . there's just some things you can't take back once you've ... i dated an esfp for a couple months and am still friends with him . he was really smart and great to talk to on an intellectual level . he also was a lot of fun . he was an open book and i trusted him ... yeah i guess i never thought about how i come across to people when they're talking , in reference to whether i'm interested or not . i don't really give any verbal or facial ques because i am in deep ... a lot of good information . i can tell sometimes when an infp is not interested in the conversation , but most the time , they can be quite neutral with their body language and expression . i think i ... there are a couple things at play here : 1 . infps tend to not stick to strict regiments , including sleep patterns . it's not uncommon for them to stay up to late and be very tired the next day , ... i'm glad this post was made . i can never tell if an infp is listening to be polite , or if they are truly interested . i feel bad when conversing with them , because i usually have so much to say , but ... to be fair , the infps process of approaching tasks drives me ( intj ) up the wall also . i really like when they come up with innovated ideas , because i find them amusing and ingenious at the same time , ... i really liked the article , especially this quote : for a hardcore thinker , itx 92s incredibly disconcerting for the intj to realize they are wired to be sensitive without the benefit of commensurate ... haha yes i have noticed texting between intj and infp is a very bad idea as a communication form . it's hard enough for us to communicate properly in person . and you're right , infps do not like to ... i am usually a socially unattached person , but when it comes to relationships , i'm all in or not at all . if a guy is into casual dating , i'm not for him . i think a lot of intjs are like this because ... - intj - esfj : my first boyfriend . he had major mental issues and was very manipulative . i was too young to realize it at the time . we fought constantly . i broke up with him a million times ; he ... i got the advocate ; it was somewhat accurate , but not quite me . the test was very much like most mbti tests i've seen . you could easily tell which questions were directed at which functions . thanks ... i was in a relationship with an infp and after while , he somehow brought out a clingy / cuddly side of me that i didn't even know i had . then he decide he didn't like that side of me , and needed his ... intj females have been known to be androgynous . we don't really fit in well with the women or men . i've always been happiest when i'm single , so there has to be an intense connection in order for me to convince myself to enter into a relationship . i also like infjs ; they are in fact evil though , that's why i like them ;) yes , there's most definitely a correlation between hating sports and being an in . i have always hated sports and am an intj . of all the ins i know , none of them like sports either . this includes : 3 ... i have gone into this loop many times , usually after a tough break-up . during these times i reside solely in my head . i over analyze everything and everyone . i become distrustful of people and their ... i've always been the mom of the group . i've also always been the one in charge of planning and saying what activities we do . i always seem to hang out with more passive people , which puts me in the ... here are the differences i've noticed in my isfp and infp friends ; these are specific to these individuals : infp is more shy and quiet . isfp comes across as an extrovert in a lot of public ... that's a good point to make as well . most infps are very interested in intellectual pursuit , so i don't know where people got the stereotype to the contrary . yes they can be irrational , but they know ... after reading the lists people have come up with on this topic , i'd say the only thing that is a consistently inaccurate stereotype is that infps are innocent / overly nice punching bags . all the other ... my sister who is two years older than me is an intp . we are best friends but we debate and bicker constantly . when people hear us talking , they assume we hate each other or are fighting , but really ... when someone is in an unhealthy state , they don't act like their usual personality type . when i was younger , i got stuck in the grips of se for about 4 years . a number of different things caused ... i would imagine this is common since infps are often seen as innocent and naive . i've felt this way about every infp i've ever met . i have this need to help them because i get the feeling they can't ... i would love to meditate but i haven't been able to thus far . i've done a lot of research and have tried it , but it's always a failure . i just end up having racing thoughts and feelings of ... i don't consider esfps to be our opposite considering we use the exact same functions , albeit in opposite order . because of this , i find i can get along with an esfp very well . no misconceptions , ... same here , i work in retail and do a lot of heavy lifting . i am the fastest person on my team . this isn't a quote i live by , but it's what i tell myself in my head whenever i need to work fast and ... same . i never felt loneliness until i bonded with someone on a deeper level , and that relationship ended . it took me about the same amount of time to get over it . this was ten years ago though , and i ... i find myself initially attracted to t types , but also attracted to f types after getting to know them better . i have to be persuaded into dating feelers . i've only actually dated one thinker type , ... i'm mostly an impatient person , unless i have a close relationship with you . i'm very dismissive to strangers , and try to end conversation with them if it arises . i will tell lies in order to end ... i've always been obsessed with science in one form or another , but mostly theoretical science . i don't enjoy so much learning about concrete things , like the laws of physics . i enjoy learning about ... i think any introverted function can be slow . the slowest people i know are definitely infps and intps . their leisureliness knows no bounds . agreed on the esxp thing . i once dated an esfp who got ... ugh , infps are the worst in this regard . they use some kind of voodoo magic to make you become vulnerable . i always end up showing infps my emotional side and oversharing . i've just come to accept it ... lol , that's exactly what my boyfriend does . he tells me his meaning of the song and i tell him how that's all wrong , and this is what the true meaning of it is . he thinks it doesn't matter because ... my entj roommate handles rejection by spinning it to look like he wasn't rejected . for example , if a girl he really likes told him she's not interested . he would say , yeah me either , i was at first , ... so perhaps the infp is so focused on feeling the song , that factual information does not store in their memories . whereas an intj , the opposite might happen . they may be focused on the details . i ... '