' to be perfectly honest , i don't know why you'd have to create a persona to cover up who you are . i tried that years ago and it never seems to work out well . maybe it's just that as i get older , i ... running , swimming & drumming . i like the stability in where i work , but i enjoy the job changing . that's why i like my profession , i'm able to remain stable with employer and perform a wide variety of functions . i enjoy kicking butt , they're games not life or death . 1 ) to love themselves 2 ) to be self sufficient 3 ) never compromise personal integrity wife of 11 years esfp i served 12 years active duty air force and don't regret it at all . i don't see an issue with serving at all . network engineer ccna , ccnp , ccdp . spare time drummer in man cave i prefer standing hit , flush , wash & run infj and esfp why the relationship may not work out : during arguments : esfps will not understand how their insensitive words can hurt their infj more than any other person could . how to keep ... 24 % infj 18 % infp 17 % enfp 10 % intj 8 % isfp 6815568156 68157 yes , to the point where my wife and i started marriage counseling just so we could learn how to understand communication styles . speaking of pictures and nobody getting them , i thought this was ... i don't believe the majority of the intimidation is intentional . i've been described as intimidating at work without even realizing it until much later . i've come to the conclusion that it's ... poll question missed a bit . i was 15 when i got my license . what about the gift of your time ? offer to help with her kids ' party , serving , picking up etc ... kids parties can get hectic and any help is priceless . drums and electric bass , mainly drumming . well i have 2 vehicles for different reasons . 350z - it's fast and fun . it only has 2 seats , so it cuts down on passengers and i can select my company without hurting anyone's feelings . dodge ... i'd be happy to be your network engineer for the event . fyi , i prefer coastal destinations with warm air & clear waters . welcome , former air force tech controller here . my wife my kids to be all healthy , happy and prepared to take on the world my wife is a sensor ( esfp ) and we struggle at times with understanding each other ’ s viewpoint . she definitely does not understand how / why i don ’ t totally go into “ freak-out mode ” when a problem comes ... if i ’ m a situation , such as at work where interaction with them is unavoidable i don ’ t instigate . it's not necessarily nice , but more pleasant toleration of their presence . birthday : november 4th zodiac : scorpio shower rock or pop my take on the communication issue is to discuss what's bothering you when you're not upset . if you are wanting to discuss issues and it's interpreted as an attack , you may as well end the ... opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work . thomas a . edison i am a network engineer for a fairly large company , which of course has a large network to match . sun = scorpio moon = pisces i do all the time . i understand what i'm asking without having to explain what i mean before getting the answer i was looking for . although , i've been kinda short with myself for asking dumb ... green  life path number 1 i wouldn't necessarily resent them ; i ’ d wonder what their problem was and go from there . to directly answer your scenario ’ s 1 ) we ’ d have to start a different tradition . 2 ) ask why and if they ... mom - istj dad - esfj what's infj's polar opposite ? that's my brother . sister - estp being misunderstood always has and always will be an issue , i just try to accept it . as for being a doormat , we all suffer from that to a degree . the only way i've been able to somewhat overcome that ... another here and my son is also infj . common sense , but that doesn't exist in politics so , more right leaning . i have no problem telling others i'm an introvert . they either already know or can figure out pretty quickly so , i'm not sharing anything earth shattering . lighten up and see the humor in everyday life . sorry , here are mine : spatial - 4.29 musical - 4 self - 3.71 body movement - 3.57 nature - 3.14 social - 3 language - 2.57 logic / math - 2.43 my daughter's school started using this approach to tailor instruction to the individual learning styles . thought some in here may be interested : multiple intelligences - - assessment i don't really care for the psychic tag . i do occasionally get deja vu , but that's not psychic to me . i do visualize people doing stupid things before they do it , but that's just from seeing other ... i disagree with assessments stating that obama is a better choice . socialism is not the foundation of a free america subtext - use as anagram and get a : laughing : being told how i feel , then explain in detail how that's not the case and why , just to be told again that is how i feel . i'm sorry , did you not hear a word that i just said ? you just don't care ... when i was younger i would have broken off our relationship . as i've gotten older the inner voice has saved me a lot of toubles and we are on much better terms . although , we really need to have a ... mom - isfj dad - esfj brother - estp sister - esfp . no wonder i couldn't get a word in . if i could , they never undertood anything i said . when my wife tells me how i feel and doesn't listen when i explain how she's dead wrong . mostly she does it because she's emotional and wants me to be as upset as she is . she's really the only one ... pterodactyl 1w9 -5-2 so / sx geoffrey 9w1 - 2w3 - 7w6 sx / so sillasy 5w4 - 9w1 - 4w5 sp / so sneaky bastard 6w7 - 9w1 - 2w3 sp / sx ascetic inle 5w4 - 9w1 - 2w1 sp / so rose 4w5 4w5 -6-1 sx / so vivid melody : 6w5 , 1w2 , ... '