i'm shit at taking about my feelings . but sometimes i find music that conveys what i'm feeling exactly . and maybe sometimes i'll be really cheesy and sing that music to special people . maybe my life ... i though it was common knowledge that everyone has a crush on mila kunis and ryan gosling . that actually does sound fantastic . heather morris all day errday . she's a dork and a half and a damn good dancer and sexy as all holy hell . i love new orleans . but i'm not sure if it gives off an entp vibe or if it's just weird . fuck you , i am awesome . absolutely . but i'm from new orleans and a saints fan through and through . so there's that . well , i just told an atlanta falcons fan that atlanta fans suck . does that count ? i play guitar , mandolin , ukulele , and banjo . i sing too , mostly jazzy soul / blues stuff but i really want to be elphaba in wicked one day and i do a lot of musical theatre stuff . i'm in the same boat . except i'm a girl , and i like girls . * cough * ladies * cough * the only istj i know started dating my ex-girlfriend and then he acted like a smug little douche around me . like he was better than me cause he got the girl . i wanted to punch his stupid ' do ... nah it's a dean actually . 59014 haven't been on here in a while . here , have a picture . my closest friends are enfjs infjs and enfps . i always find myself romantically attracted to esfps and enfps . totally with you on secret-genius-brittany . she's sneaky and manipulative and she plays just about everybody . especially rachel . i also think she's severely dyslexic , there's been some pretty ... this is actually the exact response i expected . finn , in fact , is exactly the reason that commercial happened . he stooped far below her level by calling her out in a very crowded public high school ... quick , mildly ot question . do you believe finn was in the right in outing santana ? kinda agree with you on santana , she's without a doubt entx and sometimes i want to believe she's entj but then a lot of times she has this air of nonchalance about her that screams entp . not to ... i was just drawing from my own experience , my ne likes to do things in that exact same way haha . she's by far the most complex character on the show so it's really hard to tell what exactly she is . i believe santana might be a little more nish than s . remember in silly love songs how she figured out that quinn was cheating on sam with finn just by the looks on their faces . and then she came up ... it actually healed up a lot faster than the doctors expected thankfully . i still can't lift relatively weighted things or put a whole lot of pressure on my left arm but at least it's mobile enough ... i'm about to join the air force , my recruiter believes i'm recruiting gold . i'm either going to be doing air traffic control of something in the cyber field . i'm pretty excited actually . i used to drink a lot , but due to some recent bad experiences i've really cut back . that being said , i still feel the need to go out and get at least a little intoxicated at least once a month . like ... i'm a pretty big redditer and i use facebook often since the vast majority of the friends i actually care about live elsewhere . i have a twitter but i really just follow satirical fake twitter ... haha if only i hadn't stopped with that a longgg time ago . yea i'm right handed and pretty thankful it was my left arm . much suckage regardless though : mellow : so yesterday , while longboarding down a massive hill , speed wobble got the best of me and i fell going 40mph . i wound up with a shattered left elbow and a completely useless left arm for at least a ... i play guitar , bass , drums , mandolin , ukulele , and i'm looking into purchasing a banjo and maybe a cajon . i fucking love music , and making music . i've played guitar for about 10 years and the rest ... also , about 75 % of all koalas have syphilis , fun stuff . i wear make up when i'm not feeling lazy , which means most of the time i don't . and my hair just kind of is awesome naturally so go me ! i go for casual as well , normally just jeans , fitted tees , v ... i don't really think the source of conflict was anything really , just everything happening at once and being so overwhelmed by it she couldn't handle it and just kind of imploded for a while ... i watched easy a a few days ago and i think the main character olive is sort of entpish i read the thread title and immediately started singing cake . that's about as much input as you're going to get out of me : tongue : i can't say i've ever reacted like this after being hurt . i'm a forgiving person , especially towards those for whom i really care . in fact i find it much harder to harbor my negative feelings than it ... i don't have any tattoos yet , have to obey the majority of my rental's desires since they're paying for my education . but i plan on getting one eventually . the first one will be small and undoubtedly ... i literally laughed out loud when i read that one . music and creating music and going to shows has probably been my biggest passion for years now . i think maybe she was just overwhelmed . she had several big tests only days after this happened and finals that followed very shortly thereafter , she doesn't handle stress well at all . anyways , we're ... interesting . the one i watched included some savants , and then a guy who had experienced head trauma with almost no side effects with the exception of superior autobiographical memory . most of the ... i've seen something similar to this in a psych class once , isn't it normally connected to savantry ? one of the most unfortunate downsides of really caring right there ^ i never expect anything in return or ask for appreciation or gratitude , but the knowledge that someone wouldn't go to the same ... i tend to show it through actions , i never speak of how much i care for someone because i do that pretty awkwardly . or at least it sounds awkward to me . but anyway , most of my friends that i care for ... if there was a ravenclaw slytherine mix , i'd be in it . but if i had to pick between the two i'd pick ravenclaw first . were you trying to disprove me on my cow-tipping theory by tipping a cow in with the radio active reindeer revo ? mmmhhmmm i daydream about all sorts of weirdness . that is also very unsanitary . and now we're supposed to drink said coffee after some radioactive reindeer has been sitting in there . who knows where that thing has been ! keeping this in mind for my spiffy new infj lover man : crazy : franklin on true blood was an entp eatin ' grass and takin ' names ! yea that man's crazy haha and i was tempted to say payton's an i but he ran around with the lombardi trophy for weeks after the sb walking up to everyone and ... when i'm anxious i'll start shaking and become kind of nauseous . and sometimes i'll get this sort of conquer-the-world inspired feeling that's pretty hard to explain , but i can feel it in my ...