' i really don't know what to do at the moment . i was really happy with him in the beginning and like i've mentioned in my previous post we shared a lot of similar ideas . i did tell him at the start ... the sad thing is i wish i was exaggerating . the sad thing is i wish i was exaggerating . i've recently started dating a male isfj . we got on really well in the beginning , he seemed to share a lot of my values and ideas . however recently he told me that i needed to lose some weight as he ... because it had some really sad scenes . birmingham is perfect for me . unfortunately i will be out of the uk for the next 3 weeks : frustrating : loyalty - never giving up on those you love my infj ex once asked me , what is so bad about wanting to be happy ? what is so bad about wanting to go out and to meet new people ? i think i'm scared of being happy because it never seems to ... i suffer with the same jealousy as you . i was constantly jealous of the other girls in my infj's life even though they were just his friends . it wasn't that i was scared he was going to get with ... only those i care about can get me angry to the point where i can no longer contain it . thanks for sharing your story with me . i felt a little sad reading it . i think i put my infj through a lot of hell too ... but i was only like that towards him because of how stressed out / tired i was ... my infj broke up with me around 3 weeks ago . he told me he needed some space to do some soul searching . but he also mentioned that he had started noticing other people ( girls ) around him . do ... ha it's ok . you made a point anyway i don't know . after losing my infj i realised i needed to change ... would you give up on somebody you truly loved / cared about ? i always think that people have the ability to change and that they should be given the chance to when they find somebody new ... its a shame my infj gave up on me i don't see fighting for somebody you love as a bad thing . and 5 years is a very long time ! i was only with my infj for 6 months ... and i can't imagine the amount of pain / heartbreak you must be going ... do infj guys fall out of love easily ? my infj told me he loved me and that i was more important to him than his family . two months later he told me he wasn't sure of his feelings towards me . he also ... common beliefs 87 % hobbies and interests 79 % financial situation 100 % relationship intentions 90 % intellectual pursuits 100 % physical appearance 100 % * waves * attack on titan , parasyte and death note . i think i cried in almost every episode of aot . you sound like such a lovely and caring person : happy : i do the same thing too ... maybe its to test them ? ? he told me he was already noticing other girls around him the day after he broke with me . that really broke my heart as a month ago he was telling ... male version of myself ? perfect most happy - my best friend is due to give birth next month . i'm really excited and happy for her : happy : most unhappy - my ex broke up with me about 2 weeks ago . i still miss him so much ... sigh . i have pushed my lovely infj away . this is the first time i've pushed somebody who cares about me away . i became too cynical and critical of him and our relationship . he's asked me to give him ... i find it extremely hard to let go of those i care about . my ex recently broke up with me and like your friend he really cared about me . but i too stomped all over his feelings and would have a go at ... ahh i remember wanting to watch the seventh seal but couldn't find it with eng subs . haha i tend to think of falling down when i'm at work - would love to just pick up the comp and throw it across the ... 1 . how long after meeting a potential romantic interest will you be confident that you like them ? this always happen to me . i take ages before i know i like that person and then they end up losing ... i hate falling in love . period lonely and sad infp in uk . interests : philosophy , films ( falling down , one flew over the cuckoo's nest , american history x ... ) , animals , eating out age and ethnicity : 28 asian occupation : ... and i would happily do so does that mean if you were him , you would forgive me ? the thing is he did tell me countless of times that i was hurting him ... i just ignored it or didn't care at the time because i was too focused on how shit i was feeling myself . i agree with you too . people give up too quickly these days and most of my friends have told me to forget about it and to move on . i don't understand how fighting / waiting for somebody can come across ... i think he did love me ... he told me i was very important to him and that i even meant more to him than his family . he told me his happiest memory of the relationship was when he was able to make me ... i have posted this thread also in the infp forum , however i figured that it makes more sense to post it on here . i met my infj in march this year . i wasn't too sure about him him in the ... i forgave and took back a cheating ex once . i'm glad i did because it made me realise what an a-hole he was and that he was never going to change . well maybe not all of them ... some are bearable i guess . pretty much so ... i'm a mh nurse and i do understand what you are saying . i usually encourage people with auditory hallucinations to practice voice hearing therapy instead . this is getting people to accept their ... i know he has gotten back with some ex girlfriends in the past but it kinda messed things up with one of his girlfriends because she was no longer able to trust him again . guess he must have hooked ... no thank you ! they won't give up on you unless you wanted them to nope , i tend to push all my loves away between 5 ' 10 and 6ft deep thoughtful eyes slim but not skinny nice short hair with no products in disappointment and boredom thanks for your post . it's too late now . he wants to start dating other people now . nothing else i can do now . i have been asking the manager since july if i could go back on days . despite working nights , i always went to see him . he lives about 2 hours drive away from me and i would usually catch a bus to ... falling down - favorite film of all time '