' went to the doc who took a blood sample . she thinks i might have a lack of vitamin b12 or possibly something else guuurrr .. ( oh noooes ! ! ! ) ... pretty boring huh ? right now , trying to beat the ... so , i got a bike today ! the plan is using it to get to work as a way of saving money ... now lets see how many days i can manage before getting bored with the scenery ( which is the reason this plan ... couldn't sleep , so i went for a night-run around the neighbourhood . i really love how everything is so different at night :) aaand , i had the whole road to myself ( which i of course took full ... extroversion 72 % orderliness 24 % emotional stability 50 % accommodation | | 58 % inquisitiveness | 70 % extroversion ... vomiting no , i'll never do something like that no matter how angry i am . speaking of which ... i did accidentally ( is key here ) spit my friend in the face once ^ ^ ; ... i apologized of course so ... right now , at the library as i'm catching up on some studying . usually though , it's either at home , work , coffee shop ( can't forget the coffee shop ) , or at friends . sometimes we go out for drinks and ... a younger brother here - four years younger than me : happy : my best friend is an esfj , going on ten years now . it seems an unlikely friendship , especially since we're so different . yes , we've had some falling outs over the years . yet , there is a strong bond ... i got accepted ! ! : laughing : for a study course that is ... and the best thing , it's in roma ! ! 2 1/2 months , just me , my friend , and a bunch of other people and an amazing city to explore . hah , no ... recently , i've been on a 60 ' s and 70 ' s spree ( i like retro :) ) so there's some of ; the beatles , elton john , pink floyd , the animals , + + usually my mp3 is filled with whatever chatches my fancy , ... i've been right every time i've typed people before encouraging them to take the mbti test , ooo ~ so , it seems one of my closest friends is an entp , while my mom is exfp . and now , my bro intp ( we used ... yes , i'm having one right now :D then again , that might have something to do with the amount of chocolate i've absorbed at this dinner party today . i've been on an energetic high for the last ... i didn't fall on my face once on my way back from work today , eheh . the snow is finally melting , so that means extremely slippery footing . ( nevermind the fact that i walked like a granny ... ) tsk tsk ~ yeah that's me strangl - hugging it : tongue : what you said sounds more fun though , and now that you mention it , i can totally see it ahahaha oooo so you want to be a writer ? nice , do your ... ever since i was a kid i've wanted to be an archaeologist ! history has always intrigued me and i suppose it always will . then ... i got side tracked ; first a paleontologist . i even memorized the ... speaking of phones ... i accidentally drowned mine today .. > _ > it came back to life after some serious drying , so it's ok . ah , how i love my nokia phone ~ i couldn't ask for a sturdier one really :) ... nice thread ! ! it's good to have a place we can brag to our hearts content * thumbs up * so , sure i'll do my best :) i'm pretty awesome in the way i'm tough although i don't look it . i can handle a ... well , i can't exactly call it the best ( as it's pretty inconvenient for people ) ... but it's certainly the most exciting . so yeah , the minor drinking water contamination . we have to boil the water ... happy birthday ! ! ! :D somehow i hit an efficient streak today and finished my work at half the time , so they let me off early . yay ! weekend ~ :) yeah , sleep paralysis can be a scary experience o_o when i was a bit younger it happened a lot . once i saw a shadowy figure standing in the middle of the living room . it was kind of just standing ... did someone say coffee ? ! ugh , i'm really craving for some - _ - my day wasn't particularly eventful , but i'm pretty happy with my homework achievement ! ! after much procastination i finally ... australia . gripping story that was touching in so many ways i didn't expect . now , when a movie reads romance on the back cover i usually shy away as most of the romances i've ever watched have all ... i'm going have to throw myself on the wave with those who can't stand tik tok . no other song has ever made me beeline so fast to turn off my radio , and that's saying something : tongue : : confused : and ... i can honestly say this thread still makes me so incredibly happy ! : laughing : really , intps , infps and intjs . and all you enfps of course : wink : love you ! in norway we usually give cheek hugs . so ... right now , readjusting my sleeping habits ! i've really outdone myself this time . it's like having jet lag , only , i'm still stuck back in norway : tongue : haha , you can blame it on the acronyms ! : wink : as far as animal crossing goes ... it's a no no for me ^ ^ ; sure , it was nice and all as long as you were in . the animals were cute , everything was ... actually ... it's around 6 different titles . but as none realy managed to capture my interest for very long i'm focusing finishing the adventures of huckleberry finn for now :p roud : thanks ben , and thanks fine site : laughing : btw ; i like your sig ! that particular lotr scene begs to be poked fun out of x ) i was so sure you meant assassin's creed . oh well , my bad : happy : thanks you all for making me feel so welcome ! :p roud : @ zwanglos : thanks ! what can i say , there's always been something about animals that makes me want to hug them . especially as a kid i was ... this is nice , the more the merrier ! : laughing : * squeezes all * aha no wonder . our radiation knows no bounds . awake or asleep , you can't escape the warmth x ) enfp a completely ramdomized list , which i constantly add to ; : wink : - the lord of the rings trilogy - v for vendetta - the harry potter series - boondock saints - perfume ; the story of a ... i second ac2 ! my intp bro was the one who introduced me to the ac series . i've been hooked ever since : tongue : just waiting patiently for the upcoming ac3 now ! we play the game in very different ... the landlord of the farm i live on has a beautiful black cat . unfortunately he and his kids seem to neglect the poor kitty ( especially after their house burned down .. ) , so , living nexdoor , my ... wikipedia and me goes way back : cool : actually , it's how i ended up here too . oh , wikipedia ~ you'll surely be the death of me oe day ... or at least my computer . i honestly can't say i've ever met that many intj's - which is a shame really , concidering i really admire you guys ! : frustrating : so i can't speak out of personal experience ( although , my brother ... this thread is so sweet ! it's nice to know we're appreciated : happy : love you right back ~ so now ... may i introduce a group hug ? : tongue : another norwegian ? nice :D i've just joined myself , but thought i should stop by and say hi ! : happy : thanks for the welcome both of you :D and grey , i'll do my best ! . cafebot : sure , wait a sec and i'll get you that coffee ! know that craving all to well : tongue : hi , nice to meet you all ! ^ ^ another ( silly ) enfp girl joining your ranks here . call me redox ! : happy : back to the beginning ; it all started with a late evening off work and wikipedia . and so , ... '