' i love it when i'm at the library reading a book , and someone comes in talking loudly on their phone . hmmm . maybe ' a beautiful mind ' ? so dull that i've become dull myself--hence my usage of dull instead of a fancy synonym . don't worry ! * pulls out a potty chair * surely this will aid you somehow . i've been saving it for a rainy day . of course you can silly ! * jumps off of the magic carpet and begins following willow * how are we going to get home ? exclaimed brown . i wish someone would help us ! i dreamed of going to outer-space . and so i did . i dreamed bringing edward stark back to life . and i did . i dreamed of ending world hunger . and i did . we're going to narnia , of course ! * pulls willow's hair out of her face * see ! the dark clouds above begin to clear , and the beautiful red sun of narnia ... oh wait ! i think we in charn ! ! ! 10 , of course . * begins to fly on his magic carpet * go for it . 1.no one 2.pikachu 3.he shocks me 4.fairly large 5.no 6.papers and books 7.glass 8.take it into my house 9.ocean 10.fly over it please tell us ! ! lol what do you think most infp's would end up in jail for ? post your list ! ! - thought crime - loitering - traffic violations have fun ! ! my favorite word has to be weird ... many people seem to misunderstand the term . my least favorite word ... hmm ... maybe normal ? that awkward moment when you log into pc , find a thread titled : ' that awkward moment : infp edition ' ... and you read everyone's posts and realize you haven't anything funny to say ... :( what do you think it would be like ? i can relate to this , not sure if it's common among infp's though . i'm very much interested in hearing what others have to say . how did it get better ? do you write poetry ? feel free to add me on facebook--just switch my name around . i'm too much for logic . perhaps i should've chose my words more carefully . i meant , once i find out more about a person like their motivations , aspirations , etc ... and i look at where it is i wish i be later in life ... or look at the notebook a few feet away from you and the pen on the otherside of the room ... :( i haven't many friends at this point in time , though i've had my share of friendships . reflecting on the past , i find that after i figure someone out ... like the deepest aspects of someone's ... my living space is rather cluttered . just books , papers , and clothing scattered everywhere . nerdy ? i'm a bit jealous actually ... that's interesting ! ! from my facebook : strength is much more than physical prowess . a man who has a sufficient amount of internal strength , and understands the power it has in guiding one's self along with the ... why the last one ? :) but i wish i was one ! i wish i saw your post before i voted ... yes & yes . thank you :) i think you're very much correct . by the way , the person in your profile picture is extremely attractive . julia roberts ! ! ! i'm much better than i use to be .. but yes , i am . leave what do you isfps value ? ? i'm very much curious ! loyalty understanding of our sensitivity ... at least try openness ... accept the fact that we have a nontraditional way of thinking space originality ... i thought everyone did ? ? wait , are you calling us sensitive ? criticism ! ! ! * starts to shed tears * not unless you wish to make us all cry ... natural curiosity , empathy , and a bit of selfishness ... i often find that by counseling others , i find out more about myself . i seek internal peace , and i believe that by exploring the emotions of ... depends on many factors ... does she live far ? if you don't have her cell number ( being she has one ) then you should wait until the bond between you strengthen . before walking into a situation consider all of the possible questions and outcomes ... that way , quick thinking isn't required only the ability to see possibility . lol ! ! ! that's me ! i went into god of carnage-mode last thursday . my dark side is nothing you want to f * * * with ! my words are lethal weapons ! whomever said sticks and stones may break ... yes , in the exact way you described . i once burned all of my notebooks ( like 3 ) because i didn't feel the content was good enough ... rip to an extent it does indeed cover it , but ambition is required for perfection . i mean't ... does god exist ? ? if a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it , does it make a sound ? how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop ? if there is a ... makes me want to cry ... what do you value ? here's my list ( incomplete ): - ambition - appreciation - balance - individuality - justice - motivation - benevolence - beauty my heart is dead . '