' gratitude transition , transition , transition dear dating game , i don't wanna play anymore . sincerely , an infj i get migraines too and i was scared the headache yesterday was headed that way . dear headache , go away ! ! ! in pain infj for fast-acting relief , try slowing down . lily tomlin hopeful have you been the kind of friend you want as a friend ? by accepting the love given today taking care of me is getting back to the gym . transition to stop breathe and enjoy each moment “ don ’ t use words too big for the subject . don ’ t say infinitely when you mean very ; otherwise you ’ ll have no word left when you want to talk about something really infinite . ” ― c . s . lewis feeling happy today sometimes what makes one beautiful is how we feel about them allow the changes ... they are good . busy sit on the beach with a good book . time alone to take care of me from time to time good things really are around the corner if one looks . this silly guy of mine . taking care of me by eating healthy . go to the beach happy today : happy : relieved throw us in jail and we will still love you . threaten our children and bomb our homes and our churches and as difficult as it is , we will still love you . send your hooded perpetrators of violence ... drained . this cold is kicking my butt . dear new neighbor , what are you building over there ? you are making a lot of noise . i am kinda over it okay . wishing for quiet infj belle no amount of money is worth staying in a bad job . ' breakfast of champions ' by kurt vonnegut rising to it by accepting the gifts right in front of me . today i will take care of me by resting . have to finally kick this cold . new job transitions . i would go on a trip . have not traveled in a while . my joy today is resting at home . dear horrible cold , why won't you let go ? over it infj dear sinus pressure , please please please go away ! sick of the pain infj belle dear horrible cold i have had , thank you for finally starting to go away . you were / are no fun . starting to feel better finally belle relieved that this cold is finally easing up on me . feeling icky today lazy ... unsure in some areas and absolutely confident in others ... so very happy dear perc friends , i just wanted to let you all know how very happy i am these days . grateful belle full of hope and anticipation this is meant to be a happy thread . that being said ... how do you react to those unexpected , happy , incredible , great , and wonderful , things that sometimes come into your life . those times when ... to take a leap of faith ... worth it on every level . so very happy i know that feeling well these days ... came here to write how i was feeling today and your words say it better than i had planned . '