btw , treebob i didn't appreciate my thread being closed , i was only 3000 views away from my goal i have a wide area of interests when it comes to career paths / studies . i need to know how u other entps do in your career path and if you've succeed . i also want to know if there is someone who ... firstly , i wanted to discuss civilians and the attacks going on in palestine . the moral sense . the justice . the limits . and the terror that has been going on . secondly you are right , there is no ... to the person saying israel is real thats not an valid argument the fuck am i supposed to say back ? ' no palestine is the realest . ' i need reeeaaal arguments . i feel so generous , kind , warm hearted and loving when i thank my haters <3 i must be perfect . just must be . u guys , how does it feel being absolutely non-perfect ? hahahah ey ey ey be careful with your use of words its an order from your almighty queen i used to pay attention now attention pays me - nicki minaj <3 omg really ? then its all off guys . cut it . the show is over . this gentleman believes something . but i need someone who is pro israel , there no need or fun discussing with someone who agrees with me :( the first one is to my beloved aef 9798676465 365 4553 37 455345 4553 53 455361 4553 69 soo i need a heated debate who is pro israel here ? come forward and let me take out my frustration on u <3 thanks . thank u <3 i like being creepy i have to see a pic or two before letting u do anything , now come on honey , dont be shy <3 i wonder how u look , lemme see some pics will u :) ) ) guuuyyyss come on , wake up , i am here , no time for sleeping ... give me some action u must be really proud about that one ;) u sweet little thing <3 do u sleep better now that you have something that u actually are proud of ? :) ) as long as u sleep good , its ok with me , go on ... actually i love nerds they are hot why can't i thank my own post ? ? wtf the nerds who designed this site wasn't thinking straight i love my own post , but i can't thank it i can hear my sister laugh from the living room . she's the evil one guys , she doesn't take my masterpiece seriously , lets attack her i will have her banned but to the serious stuff : this thread is damn serious i meant every word i am the queen and shall remain the king , ops the queen actually i am your king too but the most important thing is ... heeyyy so i was asleep suddenly i woke up and ate pizza :p enguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: penguin :: p ... dont ask too much , you get ur answers soon ... patience my deer :p enguin : ' shall i tell ur secrets ? ' * whispers * lol . i dont trust you anymore , i dont tell my secrets to you so could tell my frenemies . and yes , havaism - literally tells me stop ' trolling ' you guys . she begged me this morning . its sad though ... ok i have to explain something my button acitvity - sister explained it i never log out of this site , why ? bcs i am too lazy to log in / log off everytime so i just leavee it there . its ok , ia am not hiding anything from my fellow servants . there is nothing to hide . you can look as much as u want . i am still ur queen , and you juts confirmed it , thats what matter the most to me ... i am assuming that you on neither ' sides ' . you are neutral but you agree on whatever that makes most sense to your , and whatever that makes you laugh . in other words you are very unstable when it ... [ size = 6 ] 454978 and for those of u know has something between ur ears - our subconscious controls us 95 % of the time , and 5 % is the conscious . so i prefer to own you and be in your subcoincuous rather ... i like that u refer to me as ' our queen ' , well if not consciously , subconsciously i owe you guys . subconsciouslyi am your queen <3 when i leave the forum here the song u should be singing i didn't say anything precisely mean about gays . so your argument is invalid . or you could try to quote my ' ' gay ' ' post , and try to fish something out at of it , sir ;) what i meant to be precise - i was just posting on my own thread . and not focusing on what occams chainsaw wrote to me or in anyway trying to get too involved with his first harassment . but then again , entp or not i am bigger than this , i will forgive ppl for having a mentality of a child , not knowing their limits . i am not hurt by their words , i am just you know - . thought we ... please go ahaed read the thread again , you will find that each and everyone has attacked me personally in on or another way - along these there are the creeps with sexual harassment . it does not take ... no . your energy is still filled with hate towards me . pls . stop . it . i never had an ' interaction ' with him . but i continued in my thread , having interaction with everyone else - but he then again just had to jump in and make some of his best jokes of the year - or do ... good , now you know how it felt when i read ur posts hahah and this is personally to my beloved gia diamonds . since we are in a thread where everyone just assumes stuff about each other , i will the continue assuming . to me it looks like you have a ... the compulsion ? oh u must be so good at this . the compulsion is based on my boredom and my lack of sleep , you oh-so-smart-and-solving-the-puzzle nah , you dont say ? u really british ? well that ... no shit sherlock get the joke for once .. will u ? :) ) ) again , dont try to be smart .. trying to point out my mistakes to show that i am not smart ? dont u have those days when you barely want to talk anyone and they ar texting you all day , so you just reply ... would u mind doing the flirting private or in a dating forum gia dimonds ? :) ) ) you can't seriously compare me and the sexual frustrated creeps here ? i've always had limits on what to say and not say , but u ppl just spat out whatever that came in ur mind about me - personally ... i'm going to bed . nigthy nighty <3 u only get smarter and smarter , such a blessing and the fact that u didn't reply to my last post to u only means that ure ashamed of yourself :) its good i forgive u good for you , see everyone should love each other , and most importantly themselves ;) ;) my sister is perfect <3