' all the time . :) i love rocking out to music , especially when i'm playing some heavier stuff , like metal . most people see me as totally mellowed out and reserved , so it totally surprises them when ... while we're on the topic of our gorgeous faces and body acceptance seems to be a common theme in this topic , i've been changing up my look and cultivating confidence in my appearance . i have big ... i typically use essentially , anyways , and honestly more than i should . :P i see nothing wrong with using i think or i feel . like it was said before , those are words that accommodate ethical speech ... - the ability to summon cheap sunglasses at will . ( i would still have this power to give my puns greater dramatic effect . ) - the ability to spit over incredibly long distances . - the ability to ... i think it's pointless to construct an ideal or even begin a list of ideal traits and use it as some sort of practical guide , because it seems to cut off the possibility of someone coming into my ... i used to think it was a big deal , but it's really not . i think i've had more issues with women who didn't understand my sensitivity as a male , than with men who try to put me into a masculinity box ... directors : - peter jackson ( namely lotr series & brain dead ) - wes anderson - alex proyas ( dark city , the crow ) - joe dante ( gremlins , toy soldiers ) - steven spielberg actors : - steve ... i feel like i dont do much or by the time i get around to doing something , several hours have past . recently , ive either been pursuing or im already involved in several hobbies , including : - ... i like musicians who do something totally different . or any music that i can connect with emotionally . or music that's strange and unusual ( i myself am ... strange and unusual ) . anyways , my list of ... my te took over and now there are indiscriminate friend requests that may be in people's profiles . may be . i'll be your friend ! c : hit me up , yo ! learning how to make friends and socialize . i don't want to withdraw as much as i do , i feel like i'm missing out a lot of the time . :P i've been trying to get better about interacting with ... current job : i'm in the military under a 6 - year contract as a computer technician . i get to see a lot of places i normally wouldn't and i get some experience with administration and networking , but ... i've been on a smiths kick recently . while i don't think metal in general matches the infp attitude , i share this song's sentiment ( and helloween / gamma ray tend to have songs that reflect a feeler outlook ) . power metal is a lot more ... i can understand why infp's might have a higher correlation towards homosexuality , although some stronger evidence indicating this trend would help back up this claim . the nature of homosexuality by ... learn to be a badass ninja warrior who beats her at her preferred form of competition , be it video games , sports , etc . and shares in witty banter ( playful banter , there's a line between playful and ... anyone who can laugh at dorky stuff with me , tolerates ( or , even better , engages in ) my nerdy hobbies , and can hold a deep conversation with me . i tend to prefer nf's and nt's for this purpose . it's ... i hate catcher in the rye . i don't understand why it's popular . i get bored of lord of the rings . i can understand the popularity , but i feel so jaded by it . i grew up with dnd and eventually got ... a little confusing at times , but the entire thing is tongue-in-cheek , the dialogue is irrelevant and epic , and lots of references to video games and tabletop rpg's : ... i'm certainly attracted to both women and men , but it's hard for me to imagine life with a man ... i don't know if i've ever really been in love with a man , that sort of thing doesn't come naturally ... ouch ! why does my head hurt , suddenly ? yeah , i have this problem with my stepmom ( esfj ) . my dad ( possibly intp , not sure ) and i will be discussing game design or super-heroes and she will get really frustrated . and then her and my dad ... shyness and confidence definitely get better with age . like passmethecookies said , privateness isn't a bad thing . in fact , it's better to share what you think is important only with people you trust ... i have trouble with writing , but i love to draw . i'm learning to shade through painting and inking . i actually want to produce comics in the future . in fact , i've had an idea for a comic for the ... my stepmom is an esfj . we get along fine when she isn't trying to ' nurture ' me , but she misunderstands my long periods of absence from the outside world . it's even worse when she thought that her ... that's a fair observation and i agree with you . i think my contempt spilled over into my argument and i didn't make it clear what i dislike about certain ideals concerning romantic interest . although ... atlasshrugging weird , i always imagined you looking like this . ;) ugh , reading that makes me revolt in disgust . the idea that women exist to fill some void in a man's emotional gratification seems to be the very basis of misogyny . i can't blame any male for feeling ... lost in time by stellastarr * great band ! whether you're feeling melancholy and tired or upbeat and excited , this band has something to offer . timegirl huh , now that i think about it , i think i ... omg freakazoid . i think you just pulled the best punchline to this topic . objectification doesn't work on people . it seems like you're projecting expectations on the people you date and feel discouraged when they don't meet those expectations . i recommend dating a computer ... australia is the only country i've visited with the greatest respect for coffee . i detest starbucks and seattle coffee , they take the art out of making coffee and turn it into a method for the big ... i think the intp forum just imploded . there's no clear way of ... hashing it out . #punsupinthisbitch #punnymotherfucker i thought storge was familial love and philia was love based on shared interest ( like a friend ) ? agape sounds accurate , but i would specify that it's an unconditional love , meaning love regardless of ... dayum . intp's just got serrrved ! i'm not sure if i fully appreciate an fi-user until they bring up a legitimate point . you have my respect , austengirl . if you wanted to trick an intp into your master plan , you should've disguised a warehouse as a cyber cafe and labeled it with a sign reading free books and internet , before triggering some clever ... i'm not sure how stress would calculate into it , could you explain ? hmm , if the intp took a special interest in the infj ( sort of like a scientist discovering a new specimen ) and the infj returned ... how do they approach the relationship ? typically like a tangent intersecting the radius of the circle representing their crush's personal space . ;) he he , i kid , i kid . in my experience as an ... masturbation ... what ? someone had to say it ... so , i'm reading this : understanding the archetypes involving the eight functions of type ( beebe model ) and one particular clause gave me a random thought : the ego starts with its preferred ... you could play with mbti as much as you'd like , but i feel as though none of it will be relevant unless it has been proven through hard science . to me , neuropsychology seems like the only path worth ... i think intp's are more motivated by social reinforcement than they give themselves credit , be it positive or negative . i personally crave constructive criticism . too many people look at my work and ... no trade for me . i'm pretty content with being a genius . ;) but of course if i were to choose otherwise , i think it'd be interesting to be an enfj or an infj . something about the concept of a ... i don't like where this is going ... > > i can't post videos right now , using limited interwebs . i'm hooked on the following songs currently : the battle to heaven by mono wallflower by astreal frontier psychiatrist by the ... devise a revolutionary invention that detects attraction levels from a targeted individual . call it the ' love-meter ' and distribute it at anime conventions . i'm kidding ( or am i ? ) , but i think ... my name is inspired by an alter-ego i made up while playing halo with my enfp friend . i even had a voice to go along with it . xd essentially , ' minxie ' is a character that thinks he's a bad-ass , ... '