' hi kennedy ! and welcome to the forums ! i am quite new here myself :) i think there must be some sort of link and it has to do with how we dwell , internalize , and eventually explode . one of my ... sound advise and input to both of you ! i do try to position myself in a better place , it has nearly been a year here and nothing has changed though . in my last position , i snuck through and was ... i used to write a lot of poetry . i started the outline of a book before too and it was well received , but i stopped . writing depends on my mood , like art , i need to feel it . movies ... i used to ... 100 % agreed . i need a job that allows me to have time to explore myself and hobbies . so frustrating . i have such expensive taste / habits and have not hit my earning potential yet , it would be such a shame to quit now :/ i see what you are saying though . it's kind of like the quality over the ... and do what ? i don't know what to do anymore , i have a hard time falling asleep knowing i have work the next day , i have a hard time waking up knowing where i have to go , and i leave early whenever i can . i'm ... ummm . what ? how was i scammed ? i listened to what he said and responded to the parts i felt were important . i could give a crap about what he did / does , more so how and why . for him to dupe ... there are some aspects of older homes that are amazing . well thought out layouts , real materials used , unique lighting . as someone mentioned though , i have no interest in fixing one up though . ... i've only had bits and pieces of it for years now . 5-6 years ago ... man . 100 % unstoppable . a good home , significant other , and job do wonders . it's hard for us to have everything we need :/ without them we do just fine , with them we are 100 % bosses . as in , beast mode , unstoppable forces . i have not changed at least yet . i am trying to figure out a way to encompass both my talents and my needs . this is no possible in every career path of course . it would help if companies treated ... i don't think it has to be any more complicated than we are idealists . even if we are happy , we are smart enough to know we could be less happy , and idealistic enough to think there is more ... 38 total responses so far ! i probably need at least a couple hundred to make some graphs and such though :/ less than 20 people so far , mostly infjs . it looks like most put themselves at 3 :-p i have 10 responses so far , thank you everyone ! if i can get enough data ( from all types ) it would be awesome be able to analyze the data . thanks again everyone ! i wanted to take a little poll , but it looks the the forum has limited options . hopefully this is okay to do ... but here is my little survey . thank you in advance to anyone who fills it out ! ... as an infj you have a great potential to put out amazing music . david bowie and trent reznor are perfect examples of this . oh wow , i didn't even think to add that to the list heh . i do that all the time too ! i do it tl my boss the most , even when half paying attention and i think its often to make him go away . but ... hmm interesting ! i don't think i do it on a conscious level so much , no . as for your theories in the modes we can be set to ... i can't say i disagree with any of those ideas . i think there are more ... and i've also been working on a theory that the reason i feel emotions and situations more intensely than others . as an infj i am very good at protecting myself . if i am good at avoiding certain ... i was sitting around with my friend watching a bunch of game of thrones back to back . i asked him if he said something and he thought i was crazy . until i explained it to him . i could just barely ... 100 % agreed ! mhmm ! i think the same goes for biopolar traits . we are usually calm until enough is enough and we explode . we let issues build up and see if they go away on their own . then out of nowhere , bam ! yes . one of my best friends is also an infj and we have a fun time doing it actually ! maybe it is not the nicest thing , but we tear people apart and try to be funny about it . rarely to someone ... how short my fuse is ? it depends ! it has been better and i tend to keep the flame low as best as possible these days . it depends on the factors of the situation and outside influences of course . ... i did not get one ... i sent you one to test , you can reply to it . that's the power of simplifying things and remembering their most important parts ! we can make good comparisons :) oh do ... i'm really not sure . i have only really focused on studying infjs at this point . without a doubt . in conversation i read between the lines reading their emotions , physical queues , and such . i always break down communication of any form into okay , what do they really mean ? . i ... you got it . you are definitely not alone ! this world loves extroverts and math , introverts who are artistic have the greatest potential to struggle in my opinion . i think this is true for both our ... i am glad you are on this forum uneducatedscholar . i have often thought of myself as an intellectual , but it is obvious you are much more intelligent than myself . it's kind of scary . you have some ... that's a bit brutal don't you think ? i'm not saying it's not accurate , i just think you could be a bit more tasteful about it . i'm not trying to start trouble and i apologize if i have misjudged ... that is awesome if you ask me . what snapped you back into that mindset ? ahh you mean how social media is amazing :) . can you explain the apartment thing more ? i'm quite interested in what you are saying there . it's not that i prefer it , its that my friends don't play like me . if they play its a lot more casual for them , like xbox . and human rights for sure . django made me cry as they flashed through ... you're the best . i used to be in an undefeated ut99 clan , but that's dead so i have since moved on to counter strike , dota 2 , and some mmos . i used to love racing games , i still admire them , but i ... i should add , it's been a difficult ride . i feel like i have been sleeping for awhile , i'm a wake now , but i don't know where to go ... i think it is common considering my personality type . like ... i think everyone is right here . we try to be polite , but respond with minimal effort : yeah . you know when an infj is engaged , with the right opportunity we don't show up . it's hard to say ... thank you for your kind words :) . i work and play very competitive video games . saturdays i am typically gone for 24 hours visiting my newest group of friends , the intellectual type . i try to ... brilliant , just brilliant . and of course superhero is an exaggeration :-p haha that's an infj thing :) no worries , i understand though . i think you're right , i love to help people reach their goals and feed their passions more than my own . i am in my mid 20 ' s and i think that statement represents my life well . i'm not sure how to describe it or why i feel this way . can anyone relate to that statement ? once again , i think you are spot on :) i want to wake people up , i want to create some sparks , and make people question everything like i do . why do you say opening up is gaining popularity ? ... i never thought of this aspect ! personally i like plain colors too . i only wear jeans and mostly gray , blue , white , and black shirts . i like some nicer brands but american eagle is probably my ... i love it . i agree , we have such a great opportunity now to communicate our ideas so quickly . it's such a waste if the only things shared are picture of cats and food . i get frustrated when i ... thank you robert ! :) i think you have hit everything spot on ! i haven't found my talents huh ? i think i've been trying to find them , i guess i don't where to start . i am obviously a great ... we talk , we watch movies , watch movies and music videos . it's different than it used to be before more people were added in . we used to play guitar . my friend taught me a lot , but it's stopped for ... i have noticed this . i think it is why i need variety in my friendships . the intellectual side of me is often satisfied by my best friends , but there tends to be a lack of emotional connection . i ... i used to think about this as a young child and scared myself quite often hehe . it's beyond trippy ! codex by radiohead . '