' hey there ! just wondering about your experiences with public speaking , as i have a huge activity of this kind in a couple of weeks and i have no idea whether i'll do well or not ( 15 minutes talk ) ... there you go :) 39388 39389 39390 don't think i have infj eyes , but anyway , there you go :P 3773637737 hi ! :) for the past few minutes i've been trying to figure out british singer's adele personality type , but nothing particularly comes to mind . opinions ? thanks xx this is a really good piece of advice , i've been doing it since forever without even realizing , but now that i think about it , it really works ;) . true ! i always find myself being drawn to extroverts and not so much to people like myself . yes , i think you have a point here . i don't know if it applies to you as well , but i've been told words like stop looking at me like that ! and i then say like what ? that's how i look at you ... that's good to hear , i should really try it too . i've remembered something that might be related to this ... i've read on this forum about people perceiving infps not as daydreamers , but as people ... i'm of the opinion that infps can be intimidating at times , because , you know , as i was reading your post i could really see myself in it and picture people being intimidated by something in me ... sounds like a total intj , one of my teachers who i get along really well with is a lot like your counselor . i know it's an old post , so sorry if i disturbed you or anything . anyway , have you ... if you were as modest as you were good at reading people ... thank you <3 , it was quite hard for me to decipher the handwriting at first lol , but it was worth it - you must have a flair for writing poems , i found them very original and i can relate to the one ... thanks for starting up the thread , it's really interesting and i'm looking forward to hearing how other infps manage the daydreaming . oh don't get me started , i know i do that a lot and i bet it's a very common thing in infps.we ' re idealists , dreamers , this is the way it all works for us :) . i think i fall in love absolutely ... love your handwriting , it seems to me that it's artistic and highly expressive . i'm kinda jealous haha.thx for posting ! :) thanks for posting and for appreciating the thread ! :) odd thing , i've got a friend whose handwriting is exactly like yours . i don't think i can interpret it yet , because i'm new to graphology ... yeah , my handwriting doesn't slant too obviously to the left either , but it's right there if you really look into it . no problem with the book title , i wanted to search through the libraries ' ... thanks for putting up the picture , i've found myself really interested in graphology , too , lately . i used to write cursive when i was as young as 10 , but as i've developed i just really couldn't ... hi , infps ! : happy : i was wondering if there was any connection between the infp personality type and the handwriting . i'll start by putting up my own handwriting , feel free to do it too so we can ... have no worries , you didn't bother me ! but haha , quite strange , i finished reading her diary last month.oh well , coincidences happen . :) listen to it , please , i know you'll love it . <3 ` there you go ! 29608 it's not that i don't go to parties , it's just that i don't do it as much as other people do , from my experience . i try to get a really cool present for those who invite me to their birthday parties , ... people that are too cold , insensitive . i'm not saying that i dislike people who seem cold , but are not even a tiny bit on the inside . i love them the most <3 . also , injustice . and doing boring ... thank you for posting that , i can really relate to it . i hope i don't come off as weird for replying to something posted kinda long ago , ' cause i just wanted to say thank you ! :) hi ! i want to start off by saying that , from my point of view , infps are sensitive human beings . i've found myself lately being drawn to particular people who appeared powerful in a way ... does this ... this . erik satie - gnossienne nr1 - youtube please listen to it . i subscribe ! also , don't forget about emily bronte , oscar wilde and hans christian andersen ! :) i've found something interesting , take a look at this : writing process of the infp infps may ... i subscribe ! also , don't forget about emily bronte , oscar wilde and hans christian andersen ! :) i've found something interesting , take a look at this : writing process of the infp infps may ... hello ! :) i'm actually writing one right now ; it's not finished , of course , only 140-150 pages or so but i'm still enthustiastic about it.it ' s about a teacher-student relationship.oh , i forgot to ... i agree , i myself wonder how could the sign description have been written so accurately , that it matches almost all of my personality ? and yeah , it's a really fun topic to discuss.too bad not any of ... i subscribe ! i guess i was thinking the same thing deep down , but never bothered to look more into it / analyze.thanks for the post ! :) hello , i was just wondering if you guys are interested in psychology , mostly because i want to become a school conselor . i've noticed this is a suitable career path for infps.do you agree ? opinions ? ... me too ! so much that i just hope i won't be turning into a 70 year old granny with 20 cats meowing on the couch , watching television . :) haha i have no idea.it can sure be hell sometimes , but it's mostly good.thanks for the reply xx hi ! i was just thinking about this the other day.he ' s my favourite musician so i was wondering if i have the same personality type as he does.what do you think ? ( if not , tell us which type would you ... hello ! :) i don't know if it has already been discussed , but i wanna know if there's any kind of link between your personality type ( in this case , infp ) and your astrological sign.so tell us what ... yes i do ! it looks kinda like yours and there's also a little one very close to the 1st . i like to joke that they're a couple :) thanks , you're really pretty too ! you're welcome to this site :D kinda ... suuure.haha aww you were really cute . i'm sure you're just as good-looking now as you were then . :) haha , you read too much into things but i guess you're right.it makes sense :) i guess it's true , i'm also type 4 ( found out today ) and as i initiated the thread , you can see i get called snobbish and stuck up a lot haha . :D thank you , i now have a lot of information.it ' s exactly what i was looking for , ty again ! she's definitely an infp , and you're a good friend to write all that about her just to find out her personality type haha ! ( male ) intjs , do you like ( female ) infps ? are you attracted to them ? infp and i'm a hufflepuff . hi there ! :) has anyone else noticed that people perceive infp as snobbish only because they're quiet ? a lot of them asked me what's wrong with you , why don't you talk and so on , and even my best ... oh don't get me started ... i get these crushes all the time , especially on authority figures . i'm currently writing a book about a relationship with one of them , but really ? :) i know this is never going ... 2904529046 there you go , do i look like an infp ? ps : this is my 1st post , hoo-ray ! :D '