' 718850 ^ ^ ^ bless ^ ^ ^ no , i usually mean it in a tender way . we like each other from afar . then , when we get closer , we don't . this is my experience with istps . i have two istp friend-acquaintances . one of them once told me you're useful to me and this ... lawl you sound like me when i think i'm such a manipulative charmer who goes around destroying people . i actually hate it , and i do it when i feel like i have no choice ( that is , often ) . i'm ... narcissism 1.4 machiavellianism 1.9 psychopathy 0.8 well , it's ok . he spontaneously admitted he lacks empathy . what magic trick did i do ? ( he might be kinda gay for me tho so it doesn't count . ) i'm officially lecturing a nt about emotions gi v e me a fc ki n med a ... the majority has this luxury , to be dysfunctional in ways they all together can pretend are completely ok . it's called consensus reality i think . often i've made people angry because they expected me ... sad about my autism . hopeless that someone is going to love me for who i am . a real life example from today : i politely argued and reconciled with a neurotypical istp acquaintance . he did something that overstepped my boundaries without knowing . i didn't say a word ... a real life example from today : i politely argued and reconciled with a neurotypical istp acquaintance . he did something that overstepped my boundaries without knowing . i didn't say a word ... i'm hypersensitive to manipulation and drama . i spot it from a 100 meters distance and even after dealing maturely with it i keep being secretly a n g e r y for the rest of the day . uff . but wouldn't life become kinda ... boring ? very true . i've done some very bad things . - manipulating someone and myself until we thought we loved each other - telling my parents to go die - destroying an ex friend with my anger i feel a bit too ... i am a infp , and a writer . i have no infps among my favorite writers , while two ( p . b . shelley and fitzgerald ) were probably isfp . i wish i had se . please keep going . i want to thank my intp e5 friend for being such a healthy patient and nice person . ( my e5 ass : must be his 9 gut type . yep . must be a 259 . ) it is a very broad idea , but here i meant the part according to which real men are never vulnerable / victims of pain . the standard / acceptable reactions to pain for a man are 1 ) shutting up and ... also , if being stoic means repress until you develop suicidial tendencies i'm not sure i hold that value . if you share what you feel like sharing with a selected few without asking them to do the ... improving is like working out . it's tiring , and you need food and sleep , you need fuel to keep going . sometimes the fuel we need is the very thing we're trying to get with our efforts , and getting ... to me fi doesn't talk either . it's more like a pre-verbal force , like a magnet , which either attracts me to , or repels , things , people and thoughts : 715226 once my fi was wider . i felt sooner ... isfps are maybe the type i quarrel more with in real life . talking about those i know : their narrow mindedness keeps their strong sense of self from actual depth and wisdom , so when they express an ... tritype 458/548 /8 45 yep ! well thought out . basic and vintage pieces . if i can i choose cotton , linen , wool , silk , natural fibers . 298tj9er8v8 shades of beige , white , light gray . some burgundy and dark green . a lot of dark blue . sometimes ... well , a thousand nuns must be very scary indeed . nah , it's just fi burning bright with the strength of a thousand suns . i think we expect miracles from human interaction . i feel so much so it must be easier for others to understand me / i really need for others to understand me ( supposition and need often mingle into a ... i gave up my aspirations to pursue an academic career when i realized knowing the world was an escape from knowing myself . i may interpret this post as : - against stereotypes within mbti . against the misuse of mbti as something that reduces people to bidimensional human types and prevents or hinders their growth with ... when i thought i didn't have values and i didn't take anything to heart because of all the sad and destructive things i was doing / experiencing ... i stopped and wondered : where does this pain come ... thank you a lot in advance . personal concepts 1 . what is beauty ? what is love ? beauty is truth , truth beauty . this is my honest sensation , not a theory or a value . love is ... i still haven't ... i have a sort of big meta-value which is inner harmony . it's what keeps me grounded to the parts of me i can't master , just deal with . when i feel i'm flooded with foreign emotions , thoughts and ... enneagram type w / wing : 5w6 top 3 mbti types : 1 . infj 63 % 2 . infp 16 % 3 . enfp 6 % i'm usually given for infj or intj ( which is in 4th position here ) by online tests , probably because i ... don't worry : words don't define reality , they just look for it . healthy and unhealthy are different for each of us , and look different on each of us , really . once i was told i was soulless because i didn't display emotions when they wanted me to . emotional ... why not both ? ( why not both is often the best answer . ) i find it pretty easy to figure people out by small hints , to the point of making some uneasy . at the same time i know it's just a series of ... infp ; blue ( in second position violet / purple and green ) intjs are my favorite type . i find their minds interesting , and their ni reassuring and free of emotional mindgames . i like the cold elegance of their thoughts . we can be blunt to each other and ... i've never met a 458 irl but it might be so . sx / sp as instinctual variant also has its importance . i don't know how other people find most infps : as a infp myself i get them too quickly to find ... i think we are born before , and will die notwithstanding , good and evil . people are so much more than morality , just like an egg is so much more than its shell . according to a friend of mine , the long speculation about necrophilia i exposed while he was with his date cockblocked him . i really didn't want to but i still find it hilarious . for me friendship is the highest form of love . i need to love my friends , to be affectionate and always be there , encourage them , want what's best for them , and for them to call me at 3 am if they ... i read your answer and thought mmm an intimidating infp , so funny it sounds like m - then i read your enneagram tritype and i got why . entps ! they're volatile in all the places where i'm grounded , and vice versa . ne is what brings us close enough for me to find them scary , otherwise i'd probably just find them boring . that's so ne-dom of you . you come back after a night with a group of sensors and feel very thirsty but you're not sure of what . aad 38 :) it was true love but not for each other . more for each other's ideals and wounds . 1whoseeswithoutbeingseen would you believe that patience and commitment only pushed us deeper ... my ex-girlfriend was a infj . it started very well , continued badly and ended very badly . the viewpoint of an infp who recognizes his responsibilities might be of some interest . it was a very ... that true love can be evil . 5w6 you're the rebel ! you see injustice everywhere and you want to shake up the entire system ! according to jungian psychologists , this type believes rules are made to be broken and is driven by ... '