' my mother , istj , explaining the difference between her intj and isfp sons : they each walk though the woods and find a tall oak on a hill . what do you think each one does ? well , isfp here will sit ... nah , he always struck me as intp in starcraft ii . a lot of ne-ti going on in the way he explores every possible evolution and does what makes sense to him . when you go back to your apartment , make lunch , and then forget to eat it because its out of your line of sight for an hour . then start to feel hungry , get up to go make a snack , see the sandwich , ... i almost feel bad for my esfj father ... then i remember all the rules and morality he imposed on young me . i have a bachelor's in legal studies and i am currently enrolled in law school working towards my juris doctor . it depends on how well they use extroverted sensing . my se is great at environmental factors but garbage with faces or clothing . i can perfectly houses i have not been to in years , but i can't ... you find law school awesome because it requires hours of reading , in-class debate , and the best debater is the winner ! when you train yourself to be hungry based on what time it is , not how you feel because you don't connect to your body so well . istj ( mom ) + esfj ( father ) = intj ( oldest son ) + isfp ( 2nd son ) + enfp ( daughter , youngest ) i see . for me , i choose series depending on the day they come out . this way , i get a ' hit ' every day . i have the same problem with anime v manga . i can just read so much faster . if you like shounen , try world trigger . all the time . mostly my parents , and its either be nice or be on your best behavior . i just make the promise that i will behave as well as anyone else , and within 5 minutes i am free to do as i ... i just say ' depends on the favor and make sure they understand i do nothing for free , so they will owe me . i kind of enjoy it because it goes from emotional to negotiations and that i can handle ... straw nihilist , as much as i identify with some characters in anti-nihilist , i really have no hope for humanity . sounds reasonable , its a like a contract . they offer up sacrifice in exchange for your divine intervention at an as-yet unspecified date . we talking human , animal ? blood or death ? or do you take foodstuffs and visa or mastercard ? i am loyal to those who are loyal to me . it sounds weird , but its a system of having each other's back no matter what comes up . if i need to escape a social situation , they rescue me . if they are ... i've started keeping a few memories ' on reserve ' just for situations like this . makes blending in much easier . i've gotten more like that , but when i started i made a lot of mistakes because i did the ' right ' thing by the numbers but not by reality . it has taken nearly 5 years but my driving has become more ... i'm a smart driver . i calculate everything and only panic when others do really stupid stuff . i wouldn't go quietly , but the idea isn't that the accused should accept the sentence but that the state must accept the risk involved . the number ratio i gave was an example that is commonly used , ... and i would rather 1 innocent dead , than 10 guilty draining the system and burdening society . i know that it currently costs more because of the insane amount of appeals granted and how the system is currently set up . i would like to see that changed so that an execution may be moved along ... i am currently in my last year of college . i did it in 3 years instead of 4 and am now going on to law school . i have made 3-4 friends in my time at college but i doubt i will keep in touch with ... i fully support the death penalty . not as a deterrent because studies show that it is not one . i support it as an efficient way to deal with chronic problem-persons who will not behave by society's ... this is why i initiate . by giving them brief , factual updates every 1 or 2 weeks they no longer feel the need to call me randomly . first series of manga i ever got into . also my first anime on toonami friday nights . and a fun art at that . i do it to see what people really mean . of course i modify my own body language to better aid in the lying or manipulation of others . i just save the bookmark in a folder titled entertainment , this makes it easy to save 4-6 shows at once . i do get this quiet a bit . people say that i am emotionally cold and always look ready to kill someone . to be fair , i am ready to kill people most of the time because they bother me so much and i ... at times , especially when i feel disconnected from others because of my intellect . i do want some human connections but when i can't connect to people because they are too slow / stupid , i might wish ... i knew the answer all along , but didn't tell you because you would not have believed me at the beginning . or they plan everything , and whatever chaos occurs is by their design . i am actually very good at public speaking . i just view it as acting and lying to people , which comes second nature . i put on a mask and fool them all . i have two jobs that require me to give ... most certainly . * brofist and i do try to be subtle about it or just not talk to people unless i have to . this is exactly what i go through . i made a study of it and now i can't avoid manipulation . it doesn't help that i went through a few years of lying to everyone around me constantly . so yeah , now ... hello , have you heard of our lord and savior ? - jehovah's witness sshhh don't attempt to use logic . i am quite good at manipulation . i use body language , syntax and vocabulary to make people come to the conclusion i want . i have tried to stop recently , but because of my awareness of the impact of ... when you can spell ' consanguinity ' off the top of your head and then explain the separate parts of the word to your classmates in an 8 am class before the professor can look it up online . correct on all points . regrettably though this game has gotten stale . i enjoyed going back and forth with you but if all we do now is trade control of political power for peoples ' favor then really ... excellent strategy , and yes some of my actions will weaken me over the long run . however , i am now going to do something you would see as impossible . i hold all the strong points and i cannot root ... excellent counter ! however you focused too much on the fanatics . while your attention was diverted i won several emergency elections around the world after votes of no confidence in your officials ... side note : because this game of ours is endlessly entertaining , think deathnote before l was killed off clever , i did lose track of the terrorists momentarily . luckily the surviving 42 % of my ... very clever and i accept the compliment . i will take a leaf out of your book and recruit several entj's and place them in high business positions , particularly advertising companies . they will ... blast you are good ! however , i will simply buy out your entj servants with the promise that they will gain control of whichever country they desire so long as they side with me . the disadvantage of ... my istj's will infiltrate all levels of business and academia so as to control what the country focuses on . the isfj's will infiltrate law enforcement agencies and make sure to be in a position to ... thats the best part ! i have chosen isfj's and istj's who will typically fall for each other and create a self-replicating cult . while morality is a boundary i have found that by conditioning them to ... original , but i have a select core of isfj's who believe i am god . they will never rise up and never surrender . indeed , let the games begin ! i get more annoyed when extroverts try to make me like them . i tell extroverts that i need space and time alone and they respond , generally , by trying to drag me to more social events . then at ... '