' similar * sorry , not sorry . what makes you think that ? i vaguely remember a study that suggested the opposite was true actually , that more intelligent individuals were more likely to try illegal substances . it's not uncommon for guys to feel like that after sex , sex drive diminishes for a ( little ) while . it's a behavioural reaction to hormonal change . i usually get it a bit , but if i'm with someone i'm ... i've been romantically involved with an isfp for a little while now , and it's been wonderful and exciting . i love the joy and excitement she feels for life , it's contagious . being so different from ... i also got striver as dominant and experiencer as secondary . seems way off ... been a while since i watched scrubs but i'll give it a shot . j . d . : infp ( with some strong extrovert traits though ) . dr . cox : entj elliot : esfj turk : estp carla : enfj the janitor ( my ... jeremy always struck me as an entp , but i wouldn't be surprised if he was an estp either . may seems intp to me , there obviously isn't much to go by , but based on what i've seen on top gear i would ... norway ( live there ) , sweden , denmark , england , wales , scotland , germany , netherlands , france , greece , cyprus , qatar ( lived there ) , dubai and thailand . i go to uk at least once a year because i ... based on the picture alone , i would guess entp or entj . what type does this weirdo look like ? it depends a bit on what we're discussing and who i'm discussing with . the times i am wrong , i usually notice it quite fast in the beginning of a discussion , and then i have no problems admitting it ... people have to stand up to him , he has to learn he can't act like that with others . losing ( many ) friends might make him realise that . standing up to him might be hard , but remember what a douche bag ... i've been called a nerd several times , i take it as a compliment even if it's not intended to be one : unsure : . after i've left the house in the morning and walked about 20 meters , i have to go back to check if i remembered to lock up , sometimes i will do this two or three times . and even after i've checked , ... if you see me as anything other than intp i'm most likely faking my type . i've never been one hundred percent sure about it , but i'm fairly certain i'm an intp now . i believe i might give off an nf ... god of drac known in some parts of the world as : poison of the vile vile , foul , filthy and greedy : this creature knows nothing of light . sweet ! do you actually want to be fully understood ? : wink : i think wtf describes this pretty well ... this might be offensive to some of you , you've been warned . it's on youtube so hopefully it's okay ... ... oh shit , you can see that ? : laughing : well i voted that you were an estj so ... yes , i must be bored :-( congratulations ! :-) isn't something fancy supposed to happen to your name now ? edit : there we go ! animals always seem to be relaxed around me . among me and my esxp brothers , my dog usually chooses to sit / lie by me despite the fact that we're all equally involved with him . i generally enjoy ... - estj : dominating / driven - istj : workaholics / loyal - entp : stubborn and provocative / witty and clever - istp : blunt and critical / street-smart . - esfp : careless / funny - isfp : fragile / pleasant - esfj : ... haha : crazy : this should be fun ... a lot of the pictures i have aren't really suitable though =[ ( a ) romantic way only ( not sexual ) - very often , constantly drifting off into these overly idealistic daydreams : blushed : . ( b ) sexual way only ( not romantic ) - sometimes ( c ) both romantic and ... edit : nvm try these instead :  some of celldweller's music surely qualifies as weird :-) ( still awesome ! )  ... youtube - wintersun - beyond the dark sun aren't you also supposed to be objective ? : wink : oh yes , i liked it quite a lot . a while since i saw it though , so not sure how accurate my typing will be . oskar ... i would think infp ? eli - infj ( ? ) i can't really remember the other ... well i'm a middle child , and i can relate quite a lot to what i read about ' middle child syndrome ' . my older brother is an estp and my younger one is an esfp . and with my parents being istj and isfj ...  i am fairly sure my tritype is 5-4- 9 which apparently is the perfect recipe for shyness : as you probably already know this tritype is extremely shy and withdrawn so has challenges with feeling ... i once made a thread about experimenting with your own emotions , but what about experimenting with others emotions ? that sounds a bit cruel , but i'm mostly talking about spreading moods and ... welcome ! hope you enjoy the forum :-) i think i would prefer to date an infj or enfp . seem to be easy having interesting conversations with those types , especially enfps . i think it would be pretty interesting to date an intj or an estj ... congratulations ! i'm not sure why having your name in bold is so appealing , but i want it too o_o and like others have pointed out , your posts are always interesting to read . quality & quantity ! ... click name -> find more posts by person ? o_o  www.youtube.com/watch?v=cr5ar6vksc4 took it before and if i remember correct i got 14 . welcome forest-princess : shocked : where do you have that name from ? oh and enjoy the forum :-) people probably don't associate pink with deep meaningful sad music , but i was really surprised by this song . i found it powerful . also ; ... hehe , i can relate . welcome to the forum :-) he cannot be stopped ... ^ wt is amazing , especially their album the silent force . listening to tested as istp the first time , when i was 14 . after that it has almost always been intj , even though i'm fairly sure i'm an intp :) not really sure what makes a song ' vibey ' or weird . but hopefully this isn't too far off :) as for sad songs , i really like this one . so emotional ... welcome to the forum ! :-) hope you figure out your type . ( did i beat mr . cafebot ! ? ) welcome willy ! i hope you're enjoying the forum so far :-) '