' every position , world view , spiritual outlook , philosophy and religion are ultimately human in nature . they cater to human feelings , thoughts and desires . you will always be able to identify ... i don't know of any infj chat rooms . there is an intp one though on ecnet irc ( #intp ) . it's fairly active . it's not exactly what you're looking for but they have the in part so you're half way there ... i have no chance to describe this without a picture ... 256114 so the blue is my right side ( on top ) and the red is my left . then i do the same but on the other side with left / right swapped ... candy this is something i've spent quite some time thinking about and i think the 18th century philosopher david hume best represents my views . he splits knowledge into two categories which he calls ... the most important part of mathematics is being able to see how different objects relate to each other , and seeing in which general direction the solution to a problem lies . this is particularly ... you've probably been observing people for a very long time , and know exactly how they act in different situations . you can use this knowledge to try to emulate others . it's easy to take a very ... i've always seen mathematics as involving two components . i'll call them ' walking ' and ' knowing where to go ' . when first studying mathematics the only thing you're learning really is how to walk , ... there's a reason behind how he's acted . my best guess would be that he has been honest in the past and been shunned for it . perhaps it was a painful time for him , so painful that he'd rather ... definitely yes ! that would be a super idea ^ _ ^ my first thought is to pick someone of a different personality type , a different culture , and a different gender . one of our past motm . our one and only wickedqueen four more to pick ! this is ... i was thinking about life , what we are and what we go through . i was also feeling a little down i guess . the word that came to my mind was tragic , perhaps best described by : a tragic situation ... if there's no pc , the library is a great place to go . there must be some books / authors you've been interested in reading ? then there's local tourist attractions , you may or may not have any near ... i used to be terrible at doing that , in a lot of ways i still am . the problem is when you proof-read your eyes skim over a wrong word but your mind only sees the right word that you intended to put ... that sounds perfect ! definitely do that , talk to him about it . you're asking for advice from us when in fact he's the expert and will be able to tell you more than anyone else could . you have 6 weeks ... welcome ! you joined and participated for a while until feeling comfortable with an introduction ? there's nothing wrong with that , no blushing face needed . : happy :: happy : : shocked : remind me never to get into a car when one of you is driving . this made me laugh recently ... i think they are amusing ! :) irregardless . pre-book . ( perhaps a different interpretation of the question ^ _ ^ ) irregardless because it's not even a word . pre-book because a booking is already pre . i'd love to meet other infjs , hence the signature . finding any that live close is rather difficult though ... i feel my view is best described by this quote : extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . promethea same as me ! ! we're both may flowers : happy : banned for questioning a moderator ! ! i love astrophysics , it's one of the frontiers of science . anything from space exploration to relativity . there was much crying involved in childhood . oh look , it's my name ! : happy : a sad statement about the world's military spending , and a thought to how much better this place could be if we were a peaceful species . hello ! i am replying to your thread . i shall write a little short story thing for you too ^ _ ^ he gently placed his his tea cup down on its saucer and , with trembling hands , steadied it on the ... i feel as though friendship entails a mutual feeling of security and protection . in that sense i feel protected , my friends will be there for me . i also have a lovely infj friend , which speaks for ... iridescent lots of unknowns ! ! ! i'm in the lead ! :D starcraft ii is very fun ! i used to play a lot , i haven't played for a while though . you can have some special infj sympathy . i have every confidence you can set things straight in the long term , so think to the future and better times ahead . : happy : are you the smartest person in the world ? if you think yes but feel reserved about posting yes then you're intp . if you think yes and feel good about posting yes then you're entp . ... i can see you care a lot about your mother , so while she may not have disciplined you she taught you to care , don't underestimate the value of that . you want to help her and want her to be ... yep , this works for me ! i'd say if a close friend ( friend of you , not of parents ) or relative invites you personally to a wedding / funeral then you should probably go . if you aren't invited or if ... me being happy , and me being mean ! :P your current situation is pretty decent . it's just a case of are you willing to try something new . these points are all random - cheap rent - private landlord - close to uni , very central - ... i came here after a friend's recommendation . i intended to just read and not post but after seeing how lovely the community is ( thank you community ! ) i decided to register and contribute . now i can : ... it's not 364.25 , a leap year is longer than a year . it's approximately 365.25 , approximate because it's actually slightly less than that . this is why our current gregorian calendar has exceptions to ... i was in a class with her and she was pretty much the only person that talked to me about something other than my country . ... every time i saw her she would hug me and ask me how i was doing and ... i used to force myself to fit in , then i decided that if someone didn't like who i was then i wasn't going to pretend . ( it also helps that i wasn't in school at this point - taking this attitude in ... i knew it , this was all a plot to frame us as being paranoid ! : tongue : really though , i have nothing but approval for infps ^ _ ^ my mental arithmetic is shockingly bad , i got . 33,000 meters / second my bad approximations : 93 million miles -> 100 million miles so 160 billion meters ( radius ) 2 * pi -> 6 6 * 160 billion ... i've had people approach to ask questions and if i'm not feeling like a conversation i give the answers before they get a chance to ask . sometimes people phone me when i'm very , very busy with ... think and maybe write down why what you're studying is important , why it matters , why you want to study it and do well . if you can build your enthusiasm it'll help you overcome a lack of ... i'm not nt but some general pointers : treat it like a puzzle to be solved , try your own methods of solving things . don't focus on repetitive now solve this again for the 10th time with ... awww , a thread to see entp emotions ! :) :) :) i support this ! entps are fun . entps are scary . this thread has made me laugh so much ; i will chance a contribution but feel free to ignore , i'm sure it will pale in comparison to your own . we're 5minutes early , let's wait in the car for a bit , ... i think some people can tend to have a simplified view of others , one where they tend to put people into little boxes ; a bit like a personal and largely subconscious typology theory . the problem is ... we had voice chat ? : o : o and welcome back ! '