' game developing / degree in literature not an option ? ok , trying not to burst your bubble , but what i got from this is : 1 ) you like this girl and missed the chance of making a move at the right time . 2 ) you introduced said girl to your best friend , ... had me at the opening line , looping ever since . i'm going to be brutally honest here and tell you what your infp friend is saying may be true . like i barely know you , but i get that vibe that that might be the reason intjm is not making surer ... [ quote = shodan ; 3298262 5 ] if he already acknowledged you as a buddy i'd believe him , not letting you pay is probably just a guy thing , but showing up at your workplace is a bit odd ... unless you work ... thank you for your input . neither of them are on a substitute bench . i'm not meeting them up for attention , just friendly chilling out . one of the infjs already knows about the istj situation but i ... hi , intj female here for some infj advice ( preferably male ) . i have been seeing an istj guy for a few months long distance and lately having doubts whether it will ever be potential for ... sela , don't post on the video . it'll just make you look bitter . asking in person is a good idea . if he does bullshit , you can mention seeing the video online nonchalantly and be like oh just ... sela i'm guessing you've been in the intj forum and reading them up ? i read a couple of your previous posts and here are some things i'd note : 1 ) intjs do not go out of their way to see people ... sela if you need my two cents on reading your intjs , i can probably give some insight as to what's going on . sorry but i just got on this page so not sure of the dynamics ? but i think the intj guy ... thanks for your opinion . i kind of backed down from the ledge because deep down i feel like i trust him when i ask direct questions and he gives direct answers . like he could lie about the travelmate ... hi , would like some insight as to what is going on with this ( istj ? ) guy . i'm a female intj ( feels inxj sometimes ) . he says he tested as istj in school but refused to retake the test online , just ... cheating is called cheating for a reason . someone is being deceived ; cheated on , or hurt in the process . there is an imbalance and inequality in the individual's value within the relationship . ... maybe reposts your stuff to show that he admires and agrees with your point of view . imitation = flattery . then gathering personal data and discussing with you to show you he is interested in you ... i feel like enfps tend to hunt me down and won't let me leave :/ ditto entjs . infjs , i am able to communicate with them fairly well but haven't met enough of them for a decided opinion . get along ... probably had 100 of these moments . just held back for fear of repercussions / energy loss / person not deserving enough / whatevs . when an opportunity presents itself , probably good time to let loose ... probably was already irritated that you did not understand such a clear message ( to him ) on first try , and then being told after it's his fault that you didn't get it . no ur the dumb one likely ... thank you for bringing that up . i have fixed my initial post to include a link to chart yourself , so no need to expose public info here :) should you wish to chart yourself for your own info , here is ... i remember facing this same issue with every move i made . elementary school to high school , high school to university , moving to new cities for work . my most uncomfortable changes were probably ... first off , if you are not interested in astrology and charting , please refrain from any nasty comments or sidetracking . i view astrology charting as a hobby and i'd like gather more data to see if ... adding my 2 cents , it's possible she's playing that game where she thinks guys shy off at commitment , so pretends she isn't looking for commitment . this is the kind of stuff magazines tell you to do ... would like to know if there is good way to tell between genuine entj interest vs . game-playing to smoothly reel someone in . are there things you would do / would avoid on a first or second date ? ... i can put it all past and just act like a normal friend if they are able to do the same ( ie . move on or hide all traces ) . i don't think a lot of people crush on me hard enough to be sure , but in ... interested in history when it relates to certain eras that i am interested in , and more so on certain topics within certain eras as well . eg . more for cultural systems and human mentality than ... do you mean cynical about particular people , cynical about society in general , or both ? i don't feel feminine but neither am i a tomboy . traditionally feminine traits i exhibit : - high interest in make up , skincare , and perfumes ( perhaps linked to high interest in colours . i rarely ... even my good friends often are oblivious about my crushes . even if i like the guy , i can't be certain if they're just flirting around for fun or are actually interested . guys who test waters and ask ... oh g_w where is your he's interested list ? please link me . things i do when i'm interested but am unsure of reciprocation ( 99.9 % of the time ): - act abnormally shy / quiet . brain goes blank ... it depends whether you are attracted in return , right ? someone i'm attracted to = start analyzing if i'm not wrong about them having a crush or whether they're sincere . observe and stalk . someone ... discovered this in a cd shop yesterday and my inner emo is singing along . i went on a few dates with intjs / supposed intjs before . one guy was quite talky via text , and set up a little mental scavenger hunt for me to figure out when and where the date would take place ... i think you tried your best . if a girl likes you , she wouldn't give up that easily . don't invest emotion too early just because she's the first one to hit on you in a while . probably better to ... would love to hear about said vendetta :D i would need closure in any kind of relationship / friendship in which i care , but what that closure is , only he can decide . if someone has worn him to his lowest boundary , it's likely he has jumped ... i also experience this . i call it the ol ' mood swing . one moment i feel like i'm top of the world , and next moment i am in the deep pits of low self-esteem and feel ugly , unwanted , underachieving ... thank you lily for the insight . that's a trait i thought was more common for feelers ; imagining and issuing feelings to others that i have no control over . come to think of it , i do that a lot and ... yeah , i don't let people cross me on monetary / material losses if they are in the wrong , which is what these are , i think . would you say the same goes if the loss was more emotional than material ... thank you for sharing something so personal with us . i do think the worst part are the revenge fantasies . i can not care and cut them off with no problems coming from a logical standpoint , but ... would like to know what other intjs think about revenge . i've never really been able to understand those storylines where someone killed someone's family member and they spend their entire life ... poetry , lyrics . hopefully an epic novel ( published or unpublished does not matter ) before i die . not for me . 1 ) stds , pregnancy risk . i've read up on abortion and it sounds very inconvenient . don't wanna wreck my womb . 2 ) connection takes time , and it takes security to feel safe in that ... for me the answer depends : a ) as a zombie or as a ghost b ) whether it is a permanent bringing back or like a séance session c ) the thoroughness of my personal knowledge of the process and side ... i procrastinate for 2 main reasons : 1 ) i perceive the plan to use a lot of time & energy in execution hence delaying , because once i'm on it , i don't like to stop in the middle . stem of my ... i don't like surprises . they have to be like mega awesome good luck for me to feel that it's actually positive thing . as in surprise ! you won the lottery ! sometimes , i've already seen the ... most signs point to him wanting her completely gone etc . personally , i don't deal well with severe stalkers who try to get into my shit . the question here is : why did he add her on facebook at ... read your whatsapp and previous comments . can see your respective reasons for not wanting to touch on long distance , fair enough . would agree with previous posters about miscommunication and bad ... some favourite books : jane austen - pride & prejudice / persuasion / sense & sensibility lucy maud montgomery - anne of green gables series books 1-8 jk rowlings - harry potter series gillian flynn - ... hey lily is just trying to give you the down-low on how our type works . don't lash out at her for having an opinion . take a step back , she's not attacking you personally . she's saying our type tends ... my take , guy feels bad about moving away and saw it upset you . overcompensates by asking you home and snuggling , which in his mind isn't something he wanted to do . he was doing it mainly to please ... '