' i'm hoping that either we are missing each other's points ... or i am just being really unclear D: i totally agree that the way we perceive others influences our feelings and the way we act ... i ... phoebejaspe why is that so beautiful omg @_ @ and yea i just got re-into james blake ... to care ( like you ) is my life right now responding to both of your points , i really do think it is a matter of mindset . you're asking if when i still think about the wrongs people have done me , then that means the relationship can never ... :( not sure if this was resolved for you ... but from my experience , the anxiety that you may be feeling could be largely due to all of the energy you are putting into forgetting your past and trying ... i think as far as with the infp its because they are always living in the dramatic emotional world of their mind ... and so when i'm with them it is nice to be able to be in our own worlds rather than ... i'm wondering if the difference with an enfp vs some other types is that we don't feel we deserve such random hatred ... while others are more self aware / self conscious and so can think of some reason ... :( unhealthy habits are really hard to break ... why :( ( ( yes i know exactly what you are talking about ... it's a very emotional experience too ... gah :( but i think it is very helpful because if all of it happens out the way you feel it will ... then ... i cannot say it enough . i love my infp so muchhh why D: ... :') for some reason ... he sounds more like an enfj ? idk why yea i think that's what it is ... its hella funny when me and my best friend go to each other for advice when we are being really dramatic ... she always tells me exactly what i tell her and i am ... also wowowow you totally sound like me when i give relationship advice to my friends ! too bad i don't follow my own advice most of the time u_u i usually say fasdkjfck it and bother my crushes like hell ... i'm pretty sure it doesn't work o_o but it still feels right lol i tend to think that if i don't do what i think i should ... i knowww exactly what you are saying aha ... it was a very strange experience . everything was like in slo-mo o_o plus the day was so beautiful i was just too happy lol yes . but , this reminds me of today ... i took the most amazing nap ever ... i really do not even understand why it was so amazing because it was so unexpected ... i woke up half way through and my ... haha no its totally fine :P maybe its worse cuz i def am deliriously tired too haha also ... i see what youre saying now ... i think we are definitely having different life experiences ... cuz i feel ... i am a little bit confused about what you are saying ... i guess i might be somehow coming from a different place in that case ... i definitely have a similar inner monologue when i'm at work , class , ... love this thread . i am totally feeling you on what you are saying about the second part . i have / still struggle with that part with college ( i'm in college right now ) ... first off ... i ... i would say it may help to take yourself more seriously this sounds really weird for me to say now that i am saying it ... but i had to start taking myself seriously and that's really what it took ... wow . this sums up the story of my life ... it is so hard to tone that sht down . we all choose how to live ... but i guess that's one of the reasons why i have made the decision to be serious about trying to be true to myself in my intentions . i used to be really ... i would say instead of feeling guilty ... honor this ability by not abusing it and using it for selfish reasons . i kind of get what youre saying ... its like you would have to say it , you get me ( enough / significantly more than others ) :P welcome to the forum ! :D that first part reminded me of me like two months ago . then i had a transformative experience and now i have found an inner calm that has changed my entire outlook on ... too much relevance ahah ... my moms an infj and it drives her crazy i'm pretty sure ... i'll always ask and she freaks out that i am not actually getting what * i * want ... and i'm just like ... i have ... blahhh ... so much emotion about this topic . everyone in my family is fe ... and 99 % of conversations drive me seriously crazy . i personally feel like there is something about this that ... idk why this was really interesting to me ... i've thought about this recently ... because it only makes sense that people have probably tried to tease me before but i am starting to think that i did ... yes to all of this . i seriously was going fasjhf ; asjcking insane this past week because my roommate never left the room ... and he went to disneyland this weekend and i recharged all friday and now ... i do love my infp ... :') and i think you're right about that a lot ... a lot of times the infp is living out something i have a breakthrough about and then i freak out and am like how and why ... i would rate that pretty high . i say that sometimes sounding jokingly ... but on the inside i'm really like crying tears of happiness . also , this might mean you are at the start of a really ... loved dania's post ! if i am stable at the moment , i definitely indulge the person entirely with the situation and go along with their weird worldview ... to me , it doesn't really matter how they ... 31478 this pic blows my mind ... why does the headphone wire disappear @_ @ 31479 got distracted while in my art mode . __ . this post is so much my life . my friends know this is the worst way to insult me and make me get butthurt so they do it on purpose sometimes :'( but now that i am aware ... i just realize that it ... when i compliment people , most of the time i am just commenting on something and they take it as a compliment and it's like a win-neutral situation so i go with it ... but the pushover comment i ... interesting ... one of my best friends is intp ... and i do sort of get this vibe . however , i think if one / both of the people in the friendship are more developed its not really that hard to ... same ... all introverts ... love them i might be taking the title too seriously ... but i have found from experience that hate only truly hurts yourself . you are letting negative energy inside of you and it can do a lot of damage to your ... definitely need to work on this : x ... it happens so quick i don't even realize i'm smiling ! seriously the most beautiful song haha maybe i was seeing my inner self in the squirrel :P that's a really interesting way of putting it too though ... i think about that a lot ... nothing seems that out of the norm because we ... i completely agree with chimeric on the school part . i * neeed * to like my teachers to even begin to be interested in their class . once you make it personal , than as an enfp you will most likely ... not gonna lie ... every time i go to a new place with dogs , i get a weird comment like wow this is the best he's ever behaved with ... anyone ! and i just nod and pat myself on the back . ... too much commitment for me . i'd want mine to be amazing but then would probably never be on enough and then be annoyed lol . i do like stalking my friends tumblrs though ... so many beautiful ... if you are starting with a place of love ... that has worked from me . i kept telling my mom that i loved her but i needed her to do certain things , i . e . follow my boundaries , to better our ... lol @ this owl ... my sister sent this to me :}  on repeat ... for the rest of my life ... forever ... fuuu :') <3 33 i just wanted to say i love this thread so much ! and everyone who responded ... i agree wholeheartedly . <3 :) cocorosie why @_ @ '