' case and point . you are so boring even a well crafted insult would give you too much flavor . so is the eye patch a metaphor for something ? you can't derail a train that isn't even on the tracks . why does she have a belt drawn onto her jacket ? [ spoiler ] [ / spoiler ] let's make a new thread so we can go off topic , then post a bunch of stuff in it that would actually be appropriate in the old one ! yea , i love pulling that prank . : crazy : unlike your visions which always come true right ? oh great mystical infj . there is a big difference between political correctness and being correct . i agree with delphi mostly but i think the problem really stems from people wanting to just be told what their type ... this coming to the guy whose shinning moment in life was consuming near record amounts of butter . : laughing : i seem to answer every question with another question . : rolleyes : emotionally tough or just difficult ? might want to slow down a bit buddy . : laughing : yea i know , i was just trying to make a joke . i guess i failed . and apparently hatching some nefarious plan can't hurt . : confused : can't even make one sentence without trying to make a show of it . you two are just a self defeating loop . our t and f are swapped in the same positions ... anything you can do i can do better . except crying , you have me on that . well at least you are thinking , gotta start somewhere . that sucks is like my catch phrase for situations like that . ? ? ? i've heard that it's due to when we show emotions they are generally less filtered then others ' , which i guess equates to seeming child-like . i attribute it partly to being pretty emotionally low ... if i had to guess , i'd say you seem more intj than infj . go look at the cognitive functions . fe-ti vs te-fi my favorite part is when he condemns other people for typism and then goes and does this stuff . the way i look at it dating is like the next step up in attaching yourself to someone . i prefer to be in a less formal relationship because then i know when i'm with that person it's because i want ... 8) when you want to learn something new , what feels more natural for you ? ( are you more prone to be hands on , to theorize , to memorize , etc ) i prefer to learn the overarching theme and then piece ... i see , if you have any answers you'd like me to expand on feel free to ask . i know the functions decently i guess . i've pretty extensively researched the ones that i thought could be applicable to me , the other ones i just have more of a basic grasp of . i'm not really sure ... yea i read up on entps quite a bit that was really the hardest one for me to decide between . ultimately i concluded that entps seem to care a lot more about how others perceive them than i do , i'm ... i did look into istps a bit out of curiosity but from what i've read i think i'm more content to just ponder things then see the physical results . for example learning how to build an engine in ... i'd say i'm a ti user because i prefer to keep my thoughts to myself until i have a complete idea and in order to think properly on deep topics i need to be in an environment with zero distractions ... are you talking about the when i'm stressed part ? or just in general ? to see if anyone had other ideas ? a ) sure that might be true but i was responding more to your claim that intps seem be unaware of the fact that other people are different then them . personally i realize that not everyone gets ... everybody projects on some level , i'm not sure where you got this idea that most intps think everyone has the same desires / goals ect . as them . from what i've seen most intps seem content to operate ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? nothing really , just curious to see some other perspectives . 2 ) what do you yearn for in life ? why ? i'd be happy if i could end ... 8 and 11 you are correct , 6 is d . the pattern is : 1 . circle always top left 2 . every shape is always present at least once 3 . last one left is d alternatively you could say the pattern is ... yea i was speaking hypothetically , i'd either ignore it if at all possible or just pretend i had something to do . are they asking you in person ? the distinction is that you aren't graded on % but as a percentile ( even though it says % which is misleading ) , this means scoring 99 is actually the highest score you can get . this also explains why ... so which one didn't you like ? my guess would be prime but that's just because i wasn't a fan . yea ... he definitely sounds like he wants more then just friends with benefits . the whole making you fall for his as a prank thing seams really unlikely . i don't understand , you are 27 years old and have money / a job . what is just stopping you from getting up and leaving ? whether or not this is study is accurate and indicative of the entire population i think showing the kids the types before hand can seriously influence test results . i also think high school kids are ... i would say tom is entp and chris is an enfj or esfj . did you at least tell her you fell for her ? estps aren't big on creativity i see . i feel abnormal that i've never really had an experience with bullying . from an outside perspective i've always thought people cared too much about what others say . '