' i don't like this list because it treats us like someone who can't change - - like someone who is incapable of being a good person . remember , these mbti types identify your strengths and weaknesses . ... 1 to 100 times a day with my wife when she was alive . now , once or twice a week . any quote from a poem that actually sheds some light on the situation . flightiness like that shows a lack of introspection . i would say he's more extroverted . if i'm in fe mode , i don't mind social touching . i can do the hug , the handshake , etc . nothing is at stake . when it comes to personal things - - that's different . in close relationships , where my ... i'd like to say that i've had a lot of intj / entj friends . but no one pisses me off more than them . i tend to act like their sidekicks , observing the whole time - - until they expect me to be like a ... they have an incredible imaginative innerworlds . we have a very logical innerworlds . i've found those to be good complements . i think i take the internet for granted . i would like to think that i would be ok with books only . but i still need live people - - in some form or another . then what's the end or purpose of marriage . just an embellishment on a relationship ? a tax break ? no , not at all . the human being can have any goal he or she wants . i'm just trying to get at the root of the idea of marriage . why is there marriage in the first place and what does it imply ? ... magical ? how ? there is something fundamentally different about a marriage - - provided we don't treat it lightly . the concept of it is permanence . and so all else before it is almost like practice . but if you ... 3 possibilities . what are the pros and cons of these types for intps ? ( i know it all ultimately depends on how mature they are , but still ... there are tendencies that are built into these types ) ... no , that's not quite what i meant . ( maybe i'm just selfish . ;) ) no , i mean , that if you've adopted a planning attitude to account for your deficiencies - - whether they're directed towards your ... yes , so for example . i plan now because i didn't before , but have learned that if i don't i'm in trouble . i'd prefer to just let things flow , but if i did that , then everything turns out poorly for ... good . that's a start . and that does tell me something - - but not about your ne or ni . it says more about your non-conformity thoughts - - that it's important to you that you don't conform , but still ... another question . do you not like art in general ? if you do , can you give an example of piece you do like ? why ? why did you come to that conclusion ? what made you stop and become uninterested ? usually a low j indicates p , as the questions talk about planning , and ps tend to plan as a learned correction for their errors rather than as an instinct that they need / enjoy . initial guesses . - - having so many options that you're bouncing off of us indicates a strong extroversion over introversion . 2 . thinking through others . e . an entp sometimes uses others as an ... just some of my random thoughts - - i hope they may be helpful . 1 . it would have been better if you chose a picture that you liked . that we we get to see some of your more dominant functions come ... this is like that infomercial fishing bait . i'm not sure i wan't to catch a enfj . i need an nt or another ne crazy . you want a striped bass ? we guarantee at least a large mouthed bass ! mi dispiace , ma ... le vostre risposte - troppo breve . e ... è per questo che ... volevo che a rispondere in italiano . poi ... si potrebbe dire ... molto di più anche se so che era difficile i gotcha , bro . i had to do the same . and it's tough for many reasons . but i know how that can beat down on us . did you ever have an extended period where you were able to live on your own ? i just need to get me a ne net and catch a cute one and get married to her . of course , we'd die of bodily starvation though . but mentally , we'd be quite fat ! ok . as you wish . :) 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? 2 ) what do you yearn for in life ? why ? 3 ) think about a time where you felt like you were at your ... molto poco . so solo che per utilizzare google . :( can you take a personality test in italian ? try to make sense of this : scrivi le risposte in italiano . 1 ) quali aspetti della tua personalità ti ha fatto di dubbi sul tipo ? 2 ) quello che fai ... what is your natural language ? no . i meant that question very seriously . what is your living situation ? i wonder if there's a standard way that functions flop around after alcohol . i kinda feel like , 1 . any judgement gets put into the back-burner mode and 2 . perception goes out all extroverted : ... don't let my ti get in the way of your ne . :) ( sometimes ti is too limiting , and that's why we like entps - - we kinda like the ne going wild - - it's why we drink . ) you've been on for almost a year . let's start first with this question : why are you questioning what your type is ? for fun due to boredom ( which is fine , these are always fun anyways ) , looking for ... before i read your answers , there should be some definite tells between intp and intj , since they use completely different cognitive functions . so with that preface , if we can see a predominance of ... what is your natural language ? can you take a test in that language ? what results do you get ? try filling out one of the questionnaires . translate it into your language , and then answer it in ... not sure how this has an impact on your point , but intps have fe , and it's in the 4th spot . si in the 3rd . ( there's my ti - - just to make sure the logic and concept you're expressing is clear ;) ) what's your living situation like ? do you live by yourself ? i'm pretty heavily intp on the introverted side , but i still have daily interactions with people that i live with . not for very long , ... i still wouldn't trust that . when you can , try the questionnaire . here's a quick list of the 16 types , their cognitive functions , and their order of dominance : istj : si-te-fi-ne isfj : si-fe-ti-ne istp : ti-se-ni-fe isfp : fi-se-ni-te estp : se-ti-fe-ni esfp : ... i'm pretty sure , provided you're being honest on your answers , that you are istp . your se is high . but you have ti , i just wasn't sure where it was . so i tested you with the question of beauty . ... you can , more or less , if they clearly identify a type . but yours don't . you're showing ti-si-fi-ni , and that's not a type ( which is a common problem with objective tests that can be interpreted in ... then i don't think we can help you . i don't think anyone can type you on that information . it's all over the place , and there's no way that we can sort it out based on just numbers . if you want something more accurate , you would need ... i think i may have an idea . but let me ask you a couple more questions . what is it that attracts you to hiking , trekking , rather than say something like sports ? you say you are creative . can ... i think all good philosophy will have implications in the practical sphere . the problem is when you go after philosophy for some specific end . then it's no longer philosophy , it's more of a ... i'm sort of chicken or the egg on this . were we already predisposed to be introverts and that's why teasing got to us , or even we made ourselves vulnerable to teasing ? or did ... no . fi and fe is only about where you determine you standard . fis and fes can both express their emotions - - that more depends on where they prioritize them . it's where your standards for values ... good question . te , i think , realizes the rules of the world ( namely , cause and effect ) and tries to find the most efficient way to the end . it develops a logic - - that is , steps - - to reach that ... if we take it strictly from jung , where we get these distinctions from in the first place , to have an extroverted form of judgment means you are getting the standard from the world . as an ... i think we all want to very much figure out what we want to do in life - - no particular type owns that . that's a very universal part of being human . we're all searching . but a lot hinges on in ... '