i could have sworn reading somewhere that this was false ... not saying it doesn't happen , but this particular event was false . stealth in everything . it feels strange to play otherwise . the raifu i would want to own if i didn't live here . thank you crazy spree killers , you ruined it for everyone . apparently classical , not much of the romantic seemed agreeable . the hohenzollern and wittelsbach part shows which house and their cadet branches rule what territories . the pastel purples are the states ruled by bishops , the areas in red are free imperial cities , ... maps . it explains why i'm so fond of paradox's large range of autistic map painting simulators .  nearly all of them . i think i might just not have a an actual personality . sliced bread . i'm tired of sliced bread always being held up as the standard of a good invention . 1 . unintentionally walked into something ? wall , doorway , pole ? yesterday when i was leaving the house for a driving lesson . 2 . watched tv for over four hours straight ? yesterday , also . 3 ... maybe i just know some especially indecisive intp's , but whenever it is just the four of us , cooperation is kind of the problem . nobody wants to make the final decision and everyone is just okay with ... i sort of have been to one , not all would have been intp's , but they were definitely introverts . it was exactly what you expect , a large group of drunk people ended up forming teams to play risk , ... this immediately came to mind , it's a very beautiful song . the best choice is clearly batman . added bonus if you also become as attractive christian bale . batman's power is seemingly infinite money , that could come in pretty handy . shooting webs out of my ... these are probably the same people who can't sit still for more than two minutes without checking their phone . as to whether you should read anna karenina first , yes , probably . it's a more ... so you drain the life out of normal people with your propensity for serious discussions ? and no , not really , the few people i've ever questioned in so much detail were usually more than happy to ... yes , but i'm not sure why since i rarely the house and am nearly always in front of a computer screen . i feel strange when it's not on at this point , plus it's nice to be able to look down whenever ... obnoxiously loud electronic music , people everywhere , flashing lights , and horrifically expensive drinks ? i suspect i would hate it . you can buy everything you need on amazon . yes , very much so . although if you aren't interested yet , you probably won't become more interested . i'm surprised , i don't think i saw anybody mention a helium exit bag . reasonably cheap , completely painless and fairly quick . also , unless you're using a shotgun , guns aren't as reliable as some ... hug reflex ? as in you don't return a hug when you are hugged ?