' my soul isn't connected to my body parts , the way i see it . once i'm dead , my soul has moved on . by then , all that is left is a sack of organic material with sentimental value to my loved ones and ... at the risk of making things seem too mechanical , here's my addition to the list , i wrapped it in code tags and removed some blank spaces to make it look better . if you disagree , feel free to remove ... i'm intrinsically better than others ? nope , never . better at certain things ? sometimes , definetly , sometimes possibly , sometimes not at all . fairly open-minded , good at noticing social details ... type 1 ravenclaw - piscesfish gryffindor - thymic slytherin - figure type 2 slytherin - living dead ravenclaw - sharkcorn hufflepuff - uniquefinallyamongpeers i tend to actively balance things i encounter as a reflex . let me explain : i tend to have more of a thinker mindset and argument when interacting with strong feelers , and vice versa . i tend to be ... making sweeping generalizations and equating cops with tyrants and bullies might mean one or both of the following : 1 : you've had experiences with bad people , firsthand or otherwise , that were ... this has to be the only forum i visit that doesn't bat an eyelid when a thread necromancy occurs with a thread that is 3 years old . not that i mind , though : wink : i had moments , but i never had a rebellious phase . looking back at it , i don't know exactly why , but the reason i jokingly tell people is that i couldn't be bothered being rebellious , it took too ... i met my first girlfriend here a little over 3 years ago , on this very subforum . she grew to be one of my closest friends over the span of two years ; i realized i was romantically interested in her ... this test have issues . the question about skydiving / fast cars / rollercoaster would be a big disagree on my part , but that has nothing to do with me being a thrill-seeker or not , it has everything to ... my hogwarts house is just like my favourite super smash bros melee character . ' puff for life [ insert-random-corny-ironic-thug hand gesture ] . hufflepuff - 17 ravenclaw - 13 gryffindor - 8 ... i partially agree with you . i agree that it is not fair to judge something by standards that apply to something else , however i disagree with the general notion that qualities that are considered ... it's not an insult to a man to be called feminine in my opinion . nor is it demeaning for a guy to act , or want to be , feminine . that assumes that being feminine is something bad . then again , i'm ... in no particular order ( except that the three last ones are super important ) , here's things that i appreciate in women . these aren't prerequisites , just preferences . it's necessary that at least some ... hi there perc . this question isn't really specific for infj's per say , but since this is the only forum i visit here , i figured i would post it here . i suppose i could have posted it in the poetry ... 4 months since i said this . 5 months since i realized that was how i felt . 6 months since we broke up . 1 year since i realized i loved you romantically . i lament the fact that nothing has ... not really , terrible at being concise . 27/36 , but it's hard without the rest of the face to go with it . especially without a corresponding mouth . now , i don't own or have played skyrim . i don't need another fallout new vegas time-devourer ( 300 + hours ) when i already am close to 500 hours of dota 2 . especially since i know as soon as the new ... glad you liked it :) i figured why do it half-measured , you know ? better to be verbose . truth be told , it netted me a really close friend here . she's long-since retired from perc , but i stop by ... for fucks sake , we used to have a very candid and honest two-way street in our communication . you've asked me how i've been feeling and dealing with our break-up , but all you had to say about it on ... the hours where the world sleeps around me and all is quiet . be that late night or early morning , as long as i can live at my pace i don't care about what time it is . i do prefer early morning ... i think that would have been beneficial . :p roud : here's how i answered and my reasons why . i picked 1 and i don't think the ends always justify the means . i go by the assumption that the ... i know i'm an introvert , because socializing drains me of energy . i know i'm an intuitive , because the description of n fits me extremely much more than s . i know i'm a feeler and not a thinker , ... no , i'm not . last time this discussion came around , there as a more extensive test which i took . i'm more sensitive than the average person by a decent margin , but hsp people are a lot more sensitive ... well obviously i choose my words wisely : wink : also , i guess these two helped : ... what's this , are you checking me out ? : wink : do note that the vast majority of my posts were around last year when i joined . i've posted very sporadically since then . also , am i the only one with ... a semi-clever combination of the actual word to bump something somewhere and the acronym bring up my post . as far as i know , anyway . liberalist , environmentalist , pacifist . human rights are ... in a new group , most would peg me for an extrovert , because i try and make them all feel comfortable . in a discussion , many would mistake me for a thinker . not many would ever mistake me for a p , ... depends on what kind of fiction i'm writing . sci-fi or fantasy tend to be in 3rd person limited while slice-of-life stories are in 1st person . actually , now that i think about it , it's probably more ... [ / quote ] i've walked into a door whilst looking at it , not noticing it's there and getting shocked that i walked into something , so i agree with this . my xntp friend couldn't stop laughing for ... a key to unlock whatever door that is preventing me from accessing and process the latent potential of all the things i could achieve , to become the man i want to be . well , at least i'm still ... what a silly statement . people who don't drink have something to hide . ever heard of something called privacy ? i'm surprisingly forthcoming with my thoughts and opinions to the people i know ... smeagol could have been saved . gollum ... harder to say . but yes , given other circumstances i can see it as a possibility . not a probability though . however , honestly , smeagol is the savior of the ... testa att l채sa saker p책 svenska p책 perc . lagom ovant kan jag s채ga . : wink : 23 years , never been together with anyone romantically . so yeah , it's true for me at least . i know i didn't . i'm just not nearly as active here as i was the first month and a half i discovered this place a year ago . i kind of burned myself out on the forums and now i occasionally just pop ... would totally depend on which friend tried setting it up . i have few friends i would trust on such matters , for various reasons . but there are two people i know i would listen to if they decided to ... i'll say the same thing here as i said at my normal d & d forum : i think there is a connection between the j and p preferences and law and chaos . judgment types are the planners , the rule-creating ... coffee and i have not much of a relationship . she keeps trying to win me over , but she doesn't do much for me to be honest . people keep telling me that she keeps them up all night , but something is ... in my experience , common sense is something of a lie . there is nothing common about common sense : wink : i'm affectionate and i like to give hugs to people i like . more inclined to spontaneously hug my female friends though , i'll admit . also i don't really have any super-affectionate guy friend prone ... lol . that was an amusing piece of bullshit . chauffeur , no question about it . why ? well , except for the obvious one being that i have no drivers license , there's few reasons : 1 . not the chef , because i don't have money enough to really ... i usually get something like rloan or rcoan . i generally don't like reading their descriptions because they list almost only negative qualities and i don't appreciate that . if good is 1 , bittersweet is 6 and bad is 11 , i'd say i had a 3 . your question is phrased in such a way to say that the two are mutually exclusive . i can tell you they're not , just look at me : cool : not that i know of . but i do have ticklish kneecaps . i want to say neutral good but i know the test is going to score me lawful good . bah , i don't like playing paladins , give me a proper druid any day . not only are they more fun to play , they're tier ... i usually don't like discussion these things on an internet forum because you never know who will read it and what reaction it might bring . i'd hate for my thoughts to remind someone of a horrible ... '