' i think a lot of people avoid using their abilities for positive change . i also think a lot of people are denying their abilities or choosing not use them . don't worry , poor people like to make babies too . this was me until the makeshift rave scene went away . i find it hard to believe humanity is so lacking in vision , that we're stuck with this for the human condition . i'm inclined to believe some planning was involved to get things this messed up .  freedom is given by those in power , and power corrupts . i hope you guys are watching these . i see the younger enfp's immersed in consumerism . i understand that making and enjoying escapism is far easier and more profitable than saving the world . i've been through the same thing ... when i was a kid , my dreams weren't encouraged . i scraped up materials to build my dreams . my daughter has technology i dreamed about as a kid , and she just plays video games . she tells me she want ... who didn't see this coming like the last recession ? now , this is entertainment . i'm wishing the world would be like this . 718937 i never did . i have exhibited some esfp stereotypical qualities in the past . i think it resulted from an over inflated ego . i'm too worn out to pretend i'm not lonely . i feel less offended that the world doesn't give a crap about reality . i be ill . i'm wondering what kind of people would put themselves through this . i guess if i can sit through floyd ... here you go ...  popup player it's only rational if both parties are . growing up , i had one of these in my backyard . 718410 it had been cut from concrete and replanted , so the ladders almost touched the ground . we rode with a leg hanging over the bottom rung . i ... pinterest has helped me grow by helping me explore my mind and memories . i've been crazy off in ego land . the good thing is , it gets my courage up enough to head out into the real world and have my world challenged . i think we all learned something .  during the outro , my head kept singing , that's not a galaxy . let us know if the worry was worth it . sometimes , all a person has is a teddy bear . i love to watch you freak out when i won't play your game . angeleyes thank you the transpersonals | features | clash magazine it's not my burden . that speech was spot on 80 ' s . i empathize with your loss . is dog kidnapping common ? my boss stopped asking people with pets to leave the store , because they kept claiming , service animal . there are pet friendly stores in town . i don't mind . they make me love the beatles ... even the dead ones . 718010 i can't stand to see people suffering so . i haven't eaten donuts in a couple of years . i eat sugarless candy on occasion . i prefer a russell stover strawberry cream . appreciative i'm always in the honeymoon phase of life . i prefer my spirals outward and upward . 717938 i love autumn . 717946 i love winter like a summer romance . are they looking at our butts ? ! where's the good indie ? here's the list ... 717874 “ great life ” is by goat boy electra 2 this is what i'm basing my playlist on . what would you recommend ? '