' you're welcome . :) i'm direct with my interest , if i like you i'll ask you out . everyone is different , though , even within personality types . i've loved multiple women throughout my life , ... and what happens when he rattles the saber again ? give him more money ? yes , the world should be north korea's atm . sounds like a great plan . : rolleyes : perhaps she didn't , but i took it the same way you did . which is why i automatically rephrased complained as distaste in my previous post . after thinking about it , a . l . l . y , you do seem to ... after re-reading the op , i agree . there was an agreement that their time together was temporary , and when he ended it , she expressed feelings for him through the letter . he was surprised by her ... he added the guy he barely spoke to because he's being polite , but he doesn't really care if he sees him in real life again . you're different , you're not some guy , your relationship was deeper and ... i absolutely relate to this . i don't think he hates you . i think he cares about you , but knows he doesn't want a long distance relationship . staying in contact with you without being together with you would be painful for him , ... i have to agree with tripwire_desire ( nice handle , btw ) . i don't think he's losing interest , he may just be stressed with other things right now the good morning , good night thing is ... haha , i'm just playing . :) seriously , what are you looking for from us ? you like to shake up the soda , don't you . ;) can you cast your own role and play a part that benefits you ? is the isfj your superior ? i see . how are they not letting you be yourself ? hm , maybe you should stop thinking so much about this person and reflect on how you're coming across . why are you analyzing her inner thoughts , actions , and facial expressions to the point that you ... it does resonate with me . i'm reserved and goal oriented in my approach to life , and people are usually surprised to find out i'm an f . really ? just anecdotally , i've heard women say they liked a man's butt , shoulders , biceps , abs , pecs ... but i've never legs . on topic - i'd have to agree with everyone here who says intx types . as an isfj guy , i beg to differ . if i actually like someone , i'm forthright about it and i'm going to cross hell and high water to be with them . i think the op should have her guard up , this guy ... in my free me time , i usually read a book , take a walk , or clean and organize my life . all at a nice , leisurely pace . i have strong beliefs , but i don't go out of my way to be opinionated for the sake of it . guardians of the galaxy vol 2 ' s version of mantis seems to be a stereotypical caricature of an isfj . i think you have . most of us are chill and laid back . yes . commitment is very important to me . i understand what you're saying , and i thoroughly enjoy going out and hiking / walking in nature , or in quieter neighborhoods . i spend the vast majority of my unwind time after work during the week ... yes ! that's exactly how i felt in college . you almost described it to a t . and here's the thing that really blows my mind . because i never felt like i never belonged there , it's almost like my brain ... your enthusiasm is admirable , i know the feelings that come with truly liking someone can lead you to some monumental aspirations ... but i guarantee she will have a greater appreciate for just a ... no , not at first . however , if i made it clear i no longer want you in my life and you kept persisting , then i would be annoyed and would probably close the door to you for good . don't try to get ... there's no reason to fear . :) simply reaching out because you honestly care and were thinking about me would never annoy me . if he's anything like me , he will feel the same . the only people who ... as an isfj guy , yes , i'd want to hear from you . that doesn't necessarily mean i'd want a relationship with you again , though . if the reasons the two of you split up are still there , i'd say let ... i don't know if your friendship is over for good , but why do you feel like you need this connection with her ? wouldn't it be better to still be around , but let her work through whatever she's having ... haha , thank you . ah . definitely don't listen to that advice . letting your feelings run the show like that always leads you to bad place . oh . yeah . good choice . heh , yes . i have a good enfp friend who's very much like this . yes , i totally understand what you're saying , i've seen this first hand with the entp people in my life . it's very obvious when ... good insight . attack is a harsh term . you asked for a lot ( how to behave around us , how to seduce us ... ) i just want the time sharing my thoughts to be worth my while , i prefer win-win situations ... olonny don't come to our turf and demand knowledge without paying some first . i've never dated an entp , but it seems ... intriguing . convince me to try it . sell yourself . i don't mind if people talk or contact me often ... as long as they listen when i have something to say . i wouldn't say i'm outgoing , but i take a genuine interest in people . there's a difference . i think that's just a mom thing . ;) no . interesting , so you're saying ... rather than using your behavior to identify your personality , your behavior changed ( you accomplished more things ) as a result of identifying your personality ? can ... chocolate yes , but stay away from clothes as gifts . clothing fit , style , and comfort is very specific to a person , and it's hard to buy the right thing ( even for a wife / so you know well ) when they're ... i agree with the other isfs . definitely include a sensual massage in the mix , they're fun to give . si is a beautiful thing . i'm a guy , but here's my isfj intuition $ 0.02 . 1 ) definitely buy ... there's nothing wrong with playful questions like that , but that's not really getting to know her ... because she's never been in a zombie apocalypse , so she really doesn't know herself and she likely ... hard to say ... but it seems like she's giving you a chance . i very much dislike people who try to open me up and make me laugh , so don't do that . opening up happens on its own without effort from ... i like to think of it in terms of cognitive function spectrums rather than the 16 types . see below : ni <---> ne ( how do you relate to the theoretical world - internal process vs . external ... huh . my initial reaction : open relationship and isfj do not go hand in hand . but it sounds like he's going to play the game indefinitely if he can . my recommendation - tell him you've made it ... it's hard to explain ... but here : i know what is and is not appealing to the senses , aesthetically , physically , spatially , and visually . i'm naturally good at things like arranging exhibits for ... both ni and si process the past in the present ... but i think you're processing si through an ni lens , and it's not coming out right . an si user won't necessarily quit bicycle riding completely or do ... haha , i only saw two shes . 1 ) the op : rozy 96 ( who's husband is an intj ) . 2 ) my intj fiancee ( who , as far as i know , is not on this forum ) . prying into my thoughts and feelings uninvited . she's my fiancée . thank you . :) intjs are probably one of the most likely type to post on forums in general , so i think there is an inherent bias with using forums as your measure for the volume of intjs who are interested in bdsm ... '