' i've never had an dox chemicals . since they're sold as acid quite a bit , i don't think the experience would be too much different . just longer , if anything . get a trip-sitter or two . just for your ... i see you're acquainted with jungian archetypes , my young friend . :] nice to meet ya and hope you enjoy the forums ! forgive , fap , forget . lad already said everything , better than i could have said it . listen to that man . you know what i don't get ? making life a constant battle . complacency is pretty sweet . you're probably drawn to them like that because you have something to learn about chilling out ... score : 20 10char don't take it too seriously . every person is a mixture of emotion and thought . you may very well be enfp . an important question to ask yourself is : how do i act when the pressure is on ? your ... ... low blood sugar ... ? i'm no intp but my body temp is average , i guess . year-round , i wear a t-shirt and jeans until it hits about 30 degrees . that's when the hoodie gets busted out . looks entp to me ... tertiary fe :] i see the exact opposite . not confidence , but a need for personal power to overcompensate for deeper emotions of inadequacy , most-likely formed from the pressure received in childhood . fi's a ... maaan , karma is instant . the idea is that you're giving to yourself . i hate that philosophy where you have to clear up any possible misconceptions , even though you're pretty damn sure who you're ... lol , hell yeah . i know that feeling , like the sides of your fingers are melting . if you do it right , you'll only need 10x or 20x . keep in mind that salvia has a reverse tolerance as well . the ... see : the post above yours . i wasn't kidding about him being right . your senses deceive you on a massive scale , never before imagined . i suggest you start getting comfortable with the unknown . one of my girlfriends made the sore mistake of throwing my insecurities at me . the thing that got me was the fact that i've never hidden them . you have a wall she says . ... i'm aware , i ... oh , you little smartass ... : crazy : oooohhh . i thought you were saying the metallic taste was from the blotter . my teeth usually feel like they're growing and my mouth feels odd when i'm hitting my peak . :] no . salvia is not ... i'll seclude . but i'll search for distraction , once i decide i'm in a better state of mind . others will be a form of distraction , as will many other things . i didn't even attempt a relationship until 18 . i thought almost all kids my age , at that time , were incapable of a fully-functioning , healthy relationship . that opinion still stands with kids my ... bumping this thread for another couple of suggestions on building ni : 1 . study zen koans think about them . thoroughly . 2 . mandalas draw them contemplate them and see the patterns present in ... start seeing patterns - but patterns that can be considered universal . the yin and yang , for instance . the ever-flowing ebb of change is a good symbol to start out with . work with symbols and ... well , istps = ti , se , ni , fe so , it appears , istp you are ! my ni ... hmm ... boom ! my ni contains structures , frameworks , symbols and archetypes , which compliment eachother in my overall perception of reality . ... a challenger appears ! it really isn't nice to call people dumb either . just let people be . i can't see how they harm you in any way by being ' dumb . ' they have so many other parts of them we can all learn from . :p roud : um , no . i'm an istp and i'll bust a move like no other . i love the feeling of flowing with music , letting it take me over and move my body . letting go of thought and just being . the way i do it ... i just said istp because of the lack of information they gave about themself . lolololol wtf ? people are inherently drawn to music . look at the human affinity for music . drum circles , dance , movement , becoming one with the sound . fuck , even nature has an affinity for music . the ... if i weren't an infj , i'm pretty sure i could help you out with that . we can still give this operation a shot if you're willing . oh shit . to do the infj thing , i'd have to start actually pming people , wouldn't i ? oh , you're doing very well . but why must you be so cold ? . _ . but it's true ! you just need a bit of ... sensitivity ... and tlc . awww , goddamnit ! eh , i got nothin ' . fuck . you're better at the infj thing than i am . high five . i didn't think it was either . i just decided to make it one . am i doin it rite ? i call infj . i can do the whole wwooo , esoteric thing pretty well . i've had the chorus of songs repeating in my head , over and over again , for up to 4 hours . god , i'd probably kill myself if i were one of those people that can get songs stuck in their heads for ... stop caring about verifying it . go with it and see what happens , man . maybe you're not even an n ! maybe you're an s ! : shocked : ... whoops ! : x sorry ' bout that . lol you're right . forgive me , babe ? <3 she's asking about spirits and aura . not your personal opinion . kid , head to a healer you trust , completely . ask them what's up . it doesn't matter what kind of healer it is , just as long as ... if you have to ask , you probably are . this isn't passive-aggressive at all . oh shit . i rofl'd . good show , my friend ! how the hell did you manage to give me brainfreeze with a post on a forum ? lololololol that's not lsd you're eating . it's dox lsd has no taste . the blotter should just taste like paper . i hope you realize that you don't lose your ego immediately . it's there at ... fuck you ! at least you didn't have to do the fucking chicken dance , you ungrateful little shit ! i saw a bunch of kids doing this at a hookah bar . i just sat there and smoked my sheesha . getting more comfortable with co-workers , maybe ? ... istp . 10char '