' like it was already mentioned , just try to get to know him slowly over time , since it takes time for us to build trust . it's like the thanksgiving turkey you ate . gotta let that stuff cook ... when my friend and i used to study in the library , my friend would put up a sign i can in front of him . haha , in all seriousness , as mentioned , i think once you get into the grind of things , ... we're probably the most dependable of the 16 types ; don't be disappointed when other types fail to meet your expectations . instead , try to exercise more patience . yes , each denomination applies truth differently , but the core gospel remains the same . basketball teams apply different styles of play depending on where you go - some teams emphasize defense , ... jon niednagel , creator of brain types . well , you can read a specific description and extract general principles ( warmth , passion , etc . , ) , can't you ? isn't that how you came up with the ... what do you guys think about this istj spiritual description ? .. spirituality is often a serious issue to istjs . being avid truth seekers and craving sound doctrine , istjs aren ’ t easily drawn to ... dude , the only problem with what you just said is that you're mixing in your personal beliefs with what the gospel actually says . christianity doesn't work that way . i don't want to start a riot ... - - - edited - - - you know . remember that shy , quiet kid in the corner not saying anything ? i ’ ve noticed that you guys are amazingly gifted at making people feel welcome and warm up in social situations . yes , ... too much arguing going on here . putting all theoretical stuff aside , its refreshing to be around people that are goofy , cheerful , giving , yet serious at the same time . that means you guys ... we're the duty fulfillers , what did you expect ? : tongue : i'm currently in a similar situation . so far , my job is so focused on pleasing the customer , so i tend to run myself into the ground . ... meh , i've dealt with this before . well , my ex got semi-bored with me after a while ( she was constantly surrounded by guys ) , but i let it slide , i gave her space , even though i was insecure and dying ... basically what everyone else said . : happy : istjs tend to have this stalkerish in the background type of style when it comes to being interested in someone else . think of a lion in the bushes , ... for me its hard because people somehow always tend to disappoint me . people come and go , and sometimes its like , why invest all this energy if you don't really live up to what you say . and as ... i really value loyalty . sure we can be friends and hang out a bit . but what about a year , 5 years , 10 years down the road ? will you still be in my life ? will you make the effort to keep in ... - christianity - always being there for my loved ones - common sense and thinking on my own - psychology ( why do people do the things they do ? ) - pharmacy ( first year student ) couple passion with ... they're okay . i guess it depends who im with . if its with a bunch of strangers i'd probably feel a little awkward and nervous ( i feel like i just fade into the background ) i'm guessing its the ... lol . i don't understand why people have to play games to maintain relationships . wait 3 days before calling her act like you don't care act alpha male lol , fuck that . just be yourself and ... istjs are extremely all or nothing and super committed when it comes to relationships . just call it off . you're really misinterpreting what i'm saying , and i don't think i want to go back and argue anymore . too much energy ... peace and love lolz nope . duality partners you switch the first 3 and keep the last . so istj's dual would be enfj . yeah , its hard to digest at first . its a complicated system which takes a while to learn , ... nope . duality partners you switch the first 3 and keep the last . so istj's dual would be enfj . just so you guys know ... semi-duality is a concept in socionics , the theory of relationships between types . semi-dual pairs include : entp - istp isfp - enfp esfj - istj intj - enfj all of psychology is technically a science . sure , not a hard science like biology , but its still a science . its not pseudoscience , that's complete bull shit . some studies : - brain scans can ... huh . just because something hasn't been officially labeled as science doesn't mean its not scientific . mbti is a system that describes a natural phenomenon , that phenomenon being that certain ... yeah , depending on the person's mood , they may have different feelings about the questions . however , this isn't how you should be answering the questions . you should answer the questions as if ... it's not really putting people into a box . he's not saying that . psychological types do play a huge role in relationships . istj-enfp relationships , while good at first , are extremely hard to ... i think people are most unhappy / uncomfortable when they are in jobs or situations where one is forced to use their weak functions that they don't necessarily care about . for me , i hate it when i ... i wouldn't say esfp's are optimal for istj . istjs do what worked in the past and stick with that , while esfps try everything and see what works . and based on my personal experience , they are too ... enfj . they feel different and interesting , yet on the same page . i look for something that will move and inspire me . i suffer from a deficit of emotion and passion , so any kind of music that will get me moving emotionally - doesn't really matter what type it is ... let's say a non-enfj beat you in a game : i win now let's say an enfj beat you in that same game : i win ! i win ! i win ! i win ! ! ! : laughing :: laughing : * does a stupid little victory ... how to reciprocate ? easy . show it through your actions . they like the little things you do for them . i think introversion is tied to being shy , and i think shy is tied to being unconfident . think of the word introvert ... what do you picture ? a lonely , depressed dude trapped in his room cutting ... sigh ... this reminds me of my past relationship with my enfp . i tried so hard to drag it on , to make it work even though it was so hard to understand each other . i even looked at these ... so my enfj friend just posted a video on my facebook wall talking about her burnt poptart for two minutes , lol only enfjs could pull that off hahahhahaha if i'm with my close friends , i like to tell jokes where i can freely be - mostly sexual , over-the-top jokes . if i'm with a group of people that i'm not too close with , probably generalized jokes ... oh just in case , i didn't mean it in a they like to start conflict kind of drama queen ... i meant more like ... they add a lot of excitement to otherwise boring or normal situations . like they ... true that , true that . keep in mind those were very broad generalizations - i just wanted to hit the point that the enfjs i've met had these very idealistic / global causes compared to esfjs . they ... the differences are huge . esfjs are more realistic , practical , and focused on the here and now . they are more focused on what can be done now versus what could be done in the future . you could ... it applies to any type of close psychological interaction for a period of time . it will probably be more obvious / pronounced in romantic interactions , but it can also be seen when they are working ... no . fundamentally , entps want to freely explore and dive into different things , while the istjs abide by the system of views they formulate in their head - this can be a big source of tension between ... np dawg ... nothing better than coming home after a hard day of school , and being welcomed by a warm , big ass smile . : happy : had a relationship with an enfp , didn't work out too well . i feel like i wasn't spontaneous enough for her . i saw her as not grounded enough . there's definitely an attraction since we are so ... that although our feelings may not manifest externally , we feel and care so much , maybe even more than anybody else . i get depressed if i don't get a dose of fe from people . the world is so cold , thank god for enfjs . i love enfjs ... according to the socionics theory , istj and enfj are supposed to be the best match . their general interaction : the enfj is in doubt , but the istj reassures him with his ... to me , they seem very quiet , peaceful , and mysterious at a glance . after getting to know them , they come across to me as deep thinking visionaries who see things from a long term perspective . they ... i don't think it has anything to do with the infps feelings toward you . i have a infp brother and he tends to - not pick up his phone , respond to facebook invitations , or answer any kind of thing ... i think its important to differentiate between type and personality . type is how we process and perceive information , and that is just one of the many components that make up our personality .  ... '