' whenever i hear of a potential entp / infp relationship , i get that feeling of seeing yet another european general try to invade russia . it's not going to end well . i pray you're able to defuse it and ... dr . miller , you appear to be approaching the project of online dating with a relish characteristic of the entp on the upswing . when you start spending a lot of time ( and sharing a lot more ) with your guy friends at the expense of time spent with your main squeeze , you are emotionally cheating . i think you need to level with ... it's gotten so bad in the us that i have people telling me that they think germany has us beat in real terms of personal freedom . so this doesn't surprise me much . yep yep yep yep . . . thank you for proving my point in a roundabout way . see , take that energy and put it in the primary relationship and tell the side-guy that you can't talk to him . think ... sensors and feelers and shit , oh my ! i'm picky . when i'm not i regret it . i'm picky in odd ways . i won't fuck stupid women . no matter how hot she is if she can't keep up her side of a conversation i'm not interested . when i talk ... we don't do well with ultimatums at all . i fell for it once and it was like well there you go . we're married . happy now ? i'm taking a motorcycle ride . you can tell where that led . i don't see ... we're not really total sluts , or at least most of us don't intend to be . it's just that of the entp's i know ( and i've known quite a few , including myself ) all keep their friends of the opposite ... yeah , that's how things work out best for us . i've noticed it's a gender-neutral tendency . female entp's are frequently disappointed to find out that they can't bring their boyfriends along on their ... entp , baybay ! ! ! if entp's had always ruled the world , we'd have 7 billion largely poor people , most of whom are desperate and lonely . the world's economy would be dominated by a few companies . there would be wars ... i run about a mile a day 3 or 4 days a week on a treadmill . it's not one of my favorite activities . i am not sold on the benefits and risk-reward of running . i use it as warm-up or cool-down for ... there are many words in this thread . here's another : yes . the answer is simple : get with one reliable one and keep a few on the side , changing them out as needed . yes . the worst part of being alone is that you're alone . that's also the best part . people who don't understand all the implications of their statements . because ne can usually get there in a hell of a hurry for them , and make them look pretty dumb . so the nice , ... you think it's burnout but it's just life . just do stuff , try and be happy and you'll be fine . just about anything you do right now isn't going to matter when you're 40 . loosen up , hang out , ... i agree with the statements . but let's think this through : if sex is just symbolic and a means to an end to the entp , it explains how we can intellectualize what's happening and not really ... i think they are fascinating and i wish them well , just not on me . academic achievement isn't at issue . it's the social fucked-up-ness that stays through adulthood . signed , a former homeschooler ( 4th grade through high school ) with a sister who was also ... funny , quick-witted , brash and abrupt sometimes , no patience for deep emotionality , over-confident , inspires and enrages by turns . everything seems out in the open but still hard to get to know ... homeschooling . people who isolate their kids for their most formative years and then wonder why they can't socially integrate . pisses me off no end . walmart . not many people seem to realize ... enfp's are good at making out and make good sex partners . sounds like you've found each other . in writing , even . my favorite is city-data.com those are some really serious-minded people on there , most of whom think scorpions are going to kill everyone in the state of arizona . 1 . getting your point across ? it's not simple . we really have to work at listening . most of the time we're just pausing to respond . you can try the dialectical thing . make a radical , exaggerated ... i'm just a bit more talkative , musical , and horny . i'm the same person with the inhibitions turned down a couple notches . malicious fecal distribution : any of them . just start . seriously , you can't go wrong . you'll probably have at least 3 careers in your life . start with whichever is most available and suits your fancy the best . i ... yes , but mainly just to keep myself from lashing out . usually better to do the soft-landing thing than to crash hard . yes . 1 . you're going to mistake sex for love at least once in your life . go ahead and get started . 2 . if you're an unrestrained entp a good number of people already think you're a horse's ass . that's ... because i can be listening to a billy squire video while chatting with a turkish woman about the armenian genocide , all while posting video clips to facebook to people born after the music was ... my advice : give up . you aren't going to find the perfect career . your career is in the constellation of things you will do throughout life . i've recently been released from my it management ... everyone's experience is different , but i know that i at one time tried to be a typical sj . it was what the world seemed to be demanding of me . i failed at it magnificently . that's how i became an ... everyone's experience is different , but i know that i at one time tried to be a typical sj . it was what the world seemed to be demanding of me . i failed at it magnificently . that's how i became an ... in a metaphorical way i agree . the world has changed . it's changed so suddenly and so dramatically that the old power structures can't yet comprehend it . and i don't think anyone really has a handle ... when i'm doing something i do relatively well , the flow comes . for the most part that's writing and riding motorcycles . i'd really like to get paid for doing either or both . flow is hard to achieve ... sometimes i'll post something on facebook that will get the conservative roman catholics bashing the born-again christian fundies , who in turn will piss off the atheist / humanistic gays , who in turn ... you have come to bring us wood . i grew up around music since my parents were both professionals . it's a hard way to grow up . i really wished they had been accountants who liked to play music on the side . but when i was ... we'd be the safest gang in the world because we'd just sit around talking about how awesome we are . eventually the topic would turn to how cool we could be on other planets . at about 3am the cops ... i am resigned to the necessity of it provided it's understood by all that abortion is killing , and sometimes killing humans is expedient or even necessary . in war , people kill other people who ... oh , i'd hang out here if i could , but i've been told i will very likely be moving along . it's partially because i'm not as much of a performer as i used to be , but the rain's going to fall on the ... you know , i think i finally gave up all hope when i had a candid conversation with my boss who basically told me that i was on the next round of layoffs . he confided in me that his real ambition , the ... i'd vote for ron jeremy or tera patrick , really . at one time i actually was diagnosed by a psych for this . there is something in the dsm about work-related lassitude . i'm sure i'm paraphrasing . anyway , i see references in online psych and ... just this : '