' ha ! jung is my hero and i have had a somewhat similar experience to you ( only met one infj around here ! ) . i'm 25 , but i often feel 52 on the inside . ;) italianissimo : wink : in 2011 i went through a life changing experience that ' materialised ' unknown / dark sides of my personality and i soon realized that i needed to know myself better . the mbti was ... oh , hi fellow italian infj ! : wink : and another 0 negative here . cheers to all of you with rh negative blood , it seems our ancestors were aliens / gods ;) i'm not big into anime , but i * loved * shigatsu wa kimi no uso ( your lie in april ) . it reached depth of poetry and psychology that i simply couldn't imagine . also having grown up with dragon ball , ... he's definitely an introvert . incredibly secretive , shy and reserved . he's intuitive . a big idea man , attracted to grandiose concepts and themes . you could argue that his major writing ... huuuge chris carter fan here . i'm pretty sure he's an intj 6w5 sp / sx , with 1w9 and 3w4 in his trytipe . what do you think ? man is not alone by abraham j . heschel and the red lion by maria szepes . i'm feeling a weird disconnect from my spiritual side these days , so that's my way of trying to cope . yes ! i've had this ... i love these threads ! always a great chance to discover a few new gems ;) the x-files - - the most thought-provoking , inspiring and romantic journey into the unknown i've ever watched on tv . ... ha ! i love your username . is that really from the divine comedy ? it's a tough one ... but : 1 . the x-files 2 . six feet under 3 . lost 4 . millennium other honorable mentions include breaking bad , carnivàle , buffy , the twilight zone , how i met your mother . beautiful topic legend ! - i believe that god lies in our unconscious . or better ... god is our unconscious . - i believe that what we call god and the devil are actually the same thing ... some thought-provoking and emotional movies you guys might enjoy : happy : - the fountain - magnolia - 500 days of summer - pi ( π ) - the man from earth - the truman show - it's a wonderful ... guys , i'm not an infp and i never was . and while it may not mean anything to you , i'm telling you this because i now believe it is extremely possible to be an infj mistyped as an infp . the ... thanks for the replies sun lips ... and mushr 00m : happy : i was actually starting to question the validity of the mbti , but i guess you might be right . my doubts arose when i started to delve into ... i can't help thinking that i'm both a strong ni user and a perceiver . how's that even possible ? : unsure : right at 2:01 . lol no , just kidding ( kind of ... ) . i'm usually very in tune with my energy level , so i'd say very early in the morning ... there's a huge difference between a synchronicity and a coincidence in my opinion . coincidences can't change your life . synchronicities can and in fact do . jung wrote extensively about them - - ... ... or maybe she just couldn't make it : tongue : and i'm afraid you both hit the nail on the head . how can i expect people to enter my heart when my heart is clearly locked ? i appreciate your replies . i really do . it's hard ... i crave love , closeness , intimacy . in fact i'm all for it . but as people get close to me , i push them away . as silly as it sounds , i'm not entirely sure it's a conscious decision . it's as if my ... lots of bands to check out apparently :p roud : my all-time favorite bands / musicians are definitely muse , queen , björk , sigur rós , radiohead , jeff buckley and coldplay . as of now i'm really into of ... meaningless friendships may turn me into a meaningless person ... and that's one of my deepest fears . this really speaks to my older self . now i've realised that passivity kills life : for some ... this is just so simple and beautiful ... it defies words . wow . i'm hugely worried about the impact of unconstrained population growth and the subsequent depletion of resources . we may have already reached the point of no return . so yeah , i guess i agree with ... i'm terrible at dealing with stres , i feel it creeping under my skin and then it starts to poison my life . i know it sounds terribly silly and clichè , but try to face stress with a smile . like ... same here , aries with pisces ascendant . more conflict to an already conflicted personality . love it . :p roud : is there anyone who actually believes that our personalities are a mere construct ? just like many of you , i'm still trying to figure out what it means to be me . i have nothing but respect for the noble craft of acting . i'm not really good with attention , but i somehow crave it at the same time . it's a conflicted relationship ; i guess the more you perform , ... pretty much what wrote . and i also agree with this statement from elmore leonard : writer's block is just another word for laziness . that's it . keep writing , guys . : wink : i believe there's a strong correlation between magic , faith and autosuggestion . so yeah , magic may be true ... but what is magic and how do you define it ? yeah , i'm not really sure what to believe as apparently a growing number of researchers deny the global warming trend . according to them , the opposite may actually be true . who can we trust ? i've just watched ' collapse ' , the movie recommended by paloma . wow . just wow . so much to think about . really thought-provoking , even scary in some way . i don't know how accurate it is , but m . ruppert ... a few years ago i became obsessed with astrology . i wanted to find out why so many people believed it without questioning the system . while it is pseudo-science , a part of me still believes that some ... i think i am some combination of 4 , 6 and 9 which would make me ' the seeker ' archetype aka the most doubting tritype . :) i'm definitely old beyond my years . i usually mask my mature side when i hang out with friends , but when i'm alone i'm usually focused on decoding the mysteries of life and the origin of mankind . not ... i don't really believe in the enneagram any longer , but i guess i would be a 6w7 ( 4w3 , 9w1 ) . you should all be glad to be infps . are you different from the male stereotype ? hell yeah ! and it's awesome . being an infp is a privilege . read what inspires you and write what you are passionate about . but the most important advice is what inle said : just do it . i usually label myself as a deist as i believe in some kind of spiritual creator . people call it god ... i just think it's the greatest artist of all time . but i don't really hold firm beliefs . one ... i think fi + ne can look like ni sometimes , so this could explain the test results . or maybe you are just a socionics infp ... what do you guys think ? i love the concept of redemption . it basically summarizes my whole life . 1 . lost ( the tv show ) often told stories about redemption . 2 . i strongly believe in the idea of atonement . i think it's ... i do appreciate beauty in men , but i would never do anything sexual with them . do you relate to the description of the creative personality ? you can read about it here . the ni you are seeing is probably the combination of fi + ne . i used to believe i was an intj too , but once you look into the cognitive functions you realize how different we are . what's a ... absolutely . if i am bothered to do something , then i want to do it perfectly . why would i want to waste my time ? : wink : the love of my life was ( ... : sad :) an entp girl . we are pretty damn different , but that's the beauty of it . it can really be a complementary relationship . you should totally give it a try . ask him ... sometimes i feel like my life would be different if i had a different nose . i mean life is all about noses , right ? one of my deepest fears is that there really is no meaning in life . i'm afraid that events just happen by chance . is anybody of you familiar with the constructivist theory ? i'm sure there is ... interesting topic . i'm actually leaning towards this tritype ; even though i would consider myself fairly whitdrawn , there's no way i could be the most withdrawn tritype . i know there are far more ... '