' thanks for the input :) hey guys ! id like your thoughts on something . i have an enfp friend , 24 female . she seems to only talk about her problems with me , she has a past history of severe depression and anxiety etc etc ... thats actually him with the blue in my pic my best friend is an entj , he is the funniest person i know , bit heartless when it comes to women ( but honest , he aint no player ) , dosnt concern himself with the needs of people he dosnt know ( such ... depends on so much . isfj's tend to hold grudges when they have been deeply offended or hurt , if he really was having sex to please you and then you got mad at him for it i'd imagine he be hit hard ... i say enfp in your description of using fe you bassiclly described fi . you seem unable to focus in on what you know the facts , instead your mind is rampant with possibilitys and connects that ... wow we are human , damn your right we forget this all too often i can relate heavily i'm so hard on myself :( i enjoyed your realistic response and they are some great values to live by , i ... i fucking love isfj's so emotionally intelligent and caring , also very interesting thoughts you guys have , my friend lets me inside of his head and what i find there is amazing . just wondering what other isfp people value closely in people and in themselves . i just recently surprised myself by getting with a 24 year old women ( i'm 18 ) who has a boyfriend , obviously i ... me too ! watching cool characters on movies makes me feel depressed - . - i want to be cool , smart , intelligent , mature and just plain awesome at everything i do just like them , but i'm not ... my ... i'm not a women but if i had to break up with somebody it would be very hard for me and i would feel terrible , maybe that's why she has been ignoring you although it's hard to say exactly why . it ... ps she is 20 and the relationship was atleast a couple of years hi wonderful enfp's , just a quick question hoping to gain som insight . i have a female enfp friend that has recently told me about a break up she has had recently , she confined in me randomly ... i don't know if she is having trouble she is now saying she still wants to be friends if that helps , i'm upset but not destroyed and i think i can move on ( slowly ) about the conversation thing can ... well your one up on me , i do not remember names ever . but seriously that is interesting , i cannot relate to that ! can you propose why that is ? a law that prevents a centerlised privately owned banks from existing :) i just hate to ask people personal questions , i just feel it would be intrusive and it is to risky . for example i saw a tattoo on a mate in tafe which looked like a memorial tattoo of somebody ... thanks for the kind words guys ! yeah i think ill carry a little stigma towards intj's from now on :/ sorry intj's xd anyways still young so its all good ;) so my intj girlfriend recently broke up with me , * * * background + lead up * * * so we met in highschool , aged 13 , it was my first real relationship and hers too and we got along well . the ... 2w3 or 2w1 not quite sure thanks pup can someone tell me what it looks like when an isfp is overcompensating using se ? i read somewhere that if they are brought up in a household that dosn't accept sensitivity or something the isfp ... thankyou that was a grey read , made a lot of sense , so what's my ni doing ? how dose an isfp expiriance ni ? also i kind of enjoy these negotiable feelings , i like being a dick for some reason ... - self centred and a little narcissistic ( only a little ) - slightly enjoying the negitive feels lately i've become impatient , especially with kids , easily angered and short tempered , other feeling like a lot of people are idiots . i've also been a little lonley and want to connect with people ... i didn't say thinking outside the box is unhealthy , this guy has an obsession , i don't think he knows what's in the box to begin with xd okay then thanks :) lol , i'm all joked out . omg xd xd stop hahaha now that was good ! omg xd xd stop hahaha now that was good ! well enfp's always make me feel special so your doing something right ! ! hahaha i'm dying xd you watt m8 ? i've been best friends with an entj for 8 years and i always thought he was invincible , the was no problem that couldn't be solved he was never ever upset ( or didn't show it ) was awesome at ... haha yes ! that's what i'm talking about ! there a funny youtube video of a guy approaching random strangers and with a street face telling them the dumbest jokes ever xd unbelievably funny . what ... ahh i see ! what's the reason for an enfp showing different parts to different people ? if you don't mind my asking oh and by school i mean collage , this guy is 22 also are fe , s more likely to be ... is an enfp either super popular or a super loner ? thats my theory also you guys have so much energy , i've got an enfp teacher named jai and his nickname is literally ener-j ( like energy ) also i ... so i love puns , and jokes that are so bad they are good , is this an isfp thing ? to like lame jokes ? xd eg : what do you call it when batman skips church ? christian bale - . - hahahahaa also music ... no argument will per-sway me ! i refuse to engage politics , it is a corrupt system of greed , politicians can not create any real change using the current system . they simply feed back to all the rich ... so i am an isfp and my best mate is an entj , we get along awesome , similar views on a lot of things , both have a great and similar sense of humour and both of us enjoy talking about the same kind of ... hahahaha ! yes man ! hahah that's so naughty - . - but i confess to watching people hurt themselves ( as long as they are being idiots and deserve it ortherwise i feel bad :( ) i used to watch weird al all the time haha funny guy ! i like the smart humour myself , clever jokes that relate to the real world and its direction ! like this for instance , 911 in under 5 ... aha south park ! you have some good taste my friend ! i have not heard of those people , may have to check it out th first extrovert t comment ! interesting to see the difference in your reply ! good to meet you siouxsie thankyou ! do you mid if i call you alex ? because to be honest it would be a chore to type that name out xd yes feelers ftw ! haha yo man what's going on ? infj rarest type out but 2 have already replied to me ! what the ? xd so glad to meet some feelers , god damn hahaha hi grace , yeah w . a ftw what's it like being around all analytical types ? i find them to be a bit boring sometimes but all very smart ( which is good because i consider myself smart so i actually ... hi guys i usually don't do intro's ( im not good at them ) but ill give it a go . my name is ethan im an 18 yo isfp male from western australia , i like sports and music ( imagining videos to go with ... thankyou evereth ! okay so i am an isfp and my girlfriend is an intj and i desperately need some tips . our relationship is strong 5 years ago we met in high school ( year 9 ) and most everything is okay . i need some ... '