' i want to take control of the human affairs of this species and redirect humanity's energy towards avoiding its own destruction . it would be way too complicated to elaborate more in here . my ... destroy entropy and overcome the universe . in my case it is because i assume that i am more competent than others and therefore must lead them . i also have a grand overarching vision for humanity that must be realized and i must play my part ... to position yourself in a place of exerting your will over others . do you seek power ? i do the older i get . is it an expression of inferior se ? is it more common in male infjs than female infjs due to testosterone and lack there of ? what are your thoughts on ... don't be so arrogant . you have no idea about what i know and what i don't know . large scale war between two big nations is unprofitable . i never talked about minor wars like afghanistan . i like all weather for different reasons . grey overcast is nice , because it gives off a calm atmosphere . sometimes it's depressing though , especially when it's been grey for a long time . same ... i don't think anything bad happen will happen , but who can say for sure ? a big war is unlikely . we have largely replaced war with trade . ( large scale ) war is extremely unprofitable nowadays . ... i just desensitize myself to pain and suffering by exposing myself to it , over and over again . sometimes i have come so far that i enjoy the darkness of the world . i want to see other people suffer ... all of life is meant to grow and then decay and then arise anew . what is growth for if everything decays , one might ask ? there is no point , but without growth there is no life . is life worth ... what about your enneagram ? it can play into to your mbti type as well a lot . i'm an infj 5w4 and people often thought of me as an intj or intp . infjs are both logical and emotional , and being a 5w4 ... sex mostly . usually by indulging in food and pornography / masturbation , much to my dismay , since pornography is essentially a drug , hijacking your brain dopamine levels to extreme levels , making everything else ... a mixture of fashionable play of colors + practicality . yet it is you , a consciousness , who is able to think such things . are you not conscious ? that is your soul . you know you exist . cogito ergo sum . we in the west have a wrong perception of reincarnation . it is not your individual personality that is reborn , but you are the world soul . all consciousness is one consciousness . i don't think we are ... that is the reductionist scientific view , saying that consciousness arises out of matter . on first glance this seems to be true . but do you not feel like a soul ? it may be deceiving , but i trust it ... i think that all consciousness in the universe is the same consciousness , just differently filtered through each brain . we are the ocean , currently existing as waves and not realizing that we are ... turned 24 a month ago . age never meant that much to me . although a difference be noticed from year to year ( more inner peace ) , it's not as bad as in others . i have always been an old grey bearded ... it happened in another now , but that now does not exist anymore . the only now is now . :p a scar on your hand does not provide any information about the real you either . it only tells us about the ... i don't think that he is anti-individualism . he just realizes that western people have an overbearing identification with the ego and provides a much needed relieve from that . yin and yang , ... most of the time my attention span is more add than normal . not sure if that correlates with type at all , but i could speculate that inferior se makes it hard to focus on the physical environment ... i recommend meditation . realizing who you are will show you that it means nothing . whether or not you have a woman by your side . you are there already . there is nothing to achieve , no state to ... i certainly feel the urge to be savior . how that expresses itself in me , however , will commonly be perceived as hate speech , destructive , unthinkably evil . i have my reasons to be radical in my ... i think it says a lot about people , rather than mbti . most people only think superficially instead of critically and deeply , which is reflected in mbti as well . they talk about i and e , without ever ... she was . some kilograms of pure purr love . i still miss her most days , but it's not that bad . i mostly cherish the memories i have of her . west germany , ruhr district . man , i feel you . when you look up my threads , you can see that we share a similar struggle with the opposite sex . i have come to the conclusion that males are the experimental gender and some of ... ww3 was averted , because shillary was not elected into office . she was the warmonger that wanted war with russia , not trump . i asked myself this question before as well . is the internet an ontologically different dimension ? i understand why you find it difficult to wrap your head around it . i do too . it's merely data ... i made it a habit never to tell anyone what i really notice . makes people uncomfortable as hell and makes them think you are weird . thank you , this really resonated with me . i am sure that female infjs have their struggles with this as well , but i am also sure that it is pronounced more in male infjs . i remember vividly how much i was laughed ( and bullied for being ... don't really know , never been in a real relationship before . guess i'm pretty affectionate and want to cuddle a lot and stuff ( also sex ofc ) , but maybe that's just because i never really experienced ... the right wing promotes traditionalism and back to the roots . national-socialism does anything but that . it was a radical idea . it implemented left-wing redistribution policies in a mixed ... guys ( and people in general ) test each other . if you show that you can't deal with it ( even when it's just funny and you interpret it in a mean way ) you will be picked on . it's your response that ... simply own it . see yourself as above everyone else , so that no opinions of others can touch you . i have my struggles with this as well , but succeeding at this gives unprecedented levels of idgaf ... i have been in a turbo mode of embracing suffering ( like hitting the gym all the time , doing all my chores , etc . ) before and it felt pretty good to have your life in order , but lately ( the last ... to run away from suffering , pain and misery is the most natural response . yet it is also highly ineffective . i don't want to get up in the morning with a lack of sleep to go to a job that is ... personally i prefer ironic humor more than anything . i make it obvious that i am joking to others though ( with smiling for example after cracking an offensive ironic joke ) . i also like to present ... i do not believe in romance and true love anymore . men and women simply have different sexual strategies they apply . about two weeks ago i went to a prostitute and had sex . it was good . i don't ... we yearn for everything as infjs . this is who we are . we are chameleons . we know every side , we see the appeal and danger of everything . make your peace of mind with it . we are the true jack of ... love . peace of mind . such things will never happen , therefore i settle for less . instead of receiving and giving unconditional love , i will go to prostitutes and have casual sex . women will ... that's basically me . i have feelings of inferiority and unworthiness lingering in the background and overachieve , because i feel that i am simply unlovable due to my imperfections . i still feel ... i am asking for help because i believe that change always starts with one self and perhaps i am wrong on the whole situation , but i don't believe so . i don't really want to change ( what a fucking ... i have grown to see that everyone is guilty by the simple merit of being human . when i was younger , i didn't think so ( subconsciously ) . i wanted to make the world a better place . but now i don't , ... don't feel angry at yourself and others . simply notice that this person is not trustworthy . there is no reason to be afraid of others judgments either . who even cares about random people . they are ... lyrics don't matter to me at all . the magic is in the melody . thus i listen to all kinds of genres . whether it be popular or not . whether it has deep lyrics or not . '