' of the recent and good friends that i am fairly certain of their type : estp , isfp , intj , esfj , isfj . same here . i try to not stand out but it seems that i do anyway . reread the architecture of happiness by alain de botton . lazy isn't exactly the word . i do the work if it's interesting to me . i don't do the work if it isn't interesting to me and i'll do something else that is interesting . homework was not interesting ... this resonates with me at least . i did that earlier this week : ~ 15 page paper due on wednesday at 4 pm , started it ( typing it out ) on tuesday night at some point . worked it earlier in my head , ... ^ most of this . unknowingly . unintentionally . when i do intentionally try to flirt , it's not picked up on at all . what has this thread become ? anyway , what does an intp get from spirituality ? what anyone else gets . it's not like intps are immune or defective from having spiritual encounters or beliefs . i've never smoked and don't care to . i have not come across sufficient reason to smoke . thank you for the confidence - haha ! one might find some interesting and well spoken responses as to what nt's might get from faith ( and i am not alluding to my own responses ): ... this and this for me too ! and with expectations , i highly appreciate the ones whom have thought one thing of me off of first impressions and still got to know me anyway . i have had a few people tell ... i have definitely experienced people trying to figure me out or treating me as they see me rather than how i am . i tend to get the stereotypical female type of situations mostly . they think that ... the trap is that one cannot control how another person responds , no matter how tempered or neutral a statement one makes . offending people without meaning to , probably happens to everyone . it's good ... i'd say , embrace the weird ! it could do you some good . it would be difficult to talk about benefits of being a type of person . benefits may depend upon what outcomes one desires . perhaps it ... i would probably enjoy having mystique's super-abilities , although whether i would use it for good or evil , or in a heroine versus villain way ... hmmm ... i'd rather not reveal . maybe he thinks more with weed . anyways , what i was pointing to was that 1 ) it was difficult to see that there was a question posed in the op and 2 ) the question posed was rather vague . it would ... my / our thoughts on your search to go deeper in life ? by the way , you buried your question too deep but thank you for the question mark . i don't have a favorite author . i enjoy the writings of john steinbeck , dean koontz , the brontes , stephen king , alexandre dumas , robin mckinley , and victor hugo , to name a few . my experience is that emotional outbursts are rare for me . i would say it tends to happen when i sense a violation , usually deep and personal , like someone i trusted disrespecting me or betraying me ... i replied with yes and possibly ponder how i would go about defining true love . i can say right now that my idea of true love is not some hyper-idealized , butterflies , no arguments / ... i seem to go through phases of fast food , cooking a lot , or like eating healthy things . i enjoy cooking . i dislike having to follow a recipe to the t . hence , i am a terrible baker for the most ... i agree . i couldn't watch an entire video of his . op , did you like his videos ? what parts did you agree / disagree with ? i might but usually not a physical list . i can't remember the last time i did that . usually it is in my head and i go through it , evaluating which i value or prioritize most , so that it comes down to ... yes , that is a reaction i get from people . it's always like oh , you're so smart , you must be good at that or wow , you're ambitious ! type of thing . it's similar to the reaction to studying to ... i do need my space . i would rather not live alone , and do hope that i get married someday ... but i will need a room to myself somewhere in the house ! my major is architecture , so if you have specific questions about this , i can possibly help . i don't know if i would say you'd have to be passionate about it , but definitely determined . a bachelors ... 1 . what is the best way to initially connect with you ? say a greeting and then talk . or if not in person , message me . also , get through the small talk portion quickly or bypass it entirely . 2 ... you make it sounds so naughty - oooh ! haha ! also , and this is something i appreciate about perc , one can peek in at the other types and see what interests you or who is talking about the things that interest you . you are not chained to your ... you're not alone in these . i'm not even sure why my declining the offer was frowned upon . i generally have a good sense of whether someone and i could possibly make a good match . if i am fairly certain that we couldn't , then ... i don't know how much . i believe i am up to three hairs at the moment , so the kitties are not getting many snuggles for the moment . i am more comfortable with animals as well , and maybe buildings ... yes , i got that regarding the relationship . i just preferred to acknowledge it than not . :) fascinating . i suspect i have had thoughts similar to yours in that i am grateful for being an intp and think that i have had an interesting and beneficial way of viewing things , making choices , ... i think i have just swallowed a little more cat hair . i am mildly allergic , so have taken some medication for it . however , i am wondering if there is a way for a human to cough up a furball . misunderstood and therefore annoying / confusing people - story of my life . but for sake of having examples : - i was in a relationship and people gave me that bewildered look to find out that i ... i tend to be in the middle , or a combination of both . it depends on the situation . if a friend asks me for my opinion on something important , i say it . i can be honest and brutally so . if it's not ... i didn't know where to put this and you can post your stories as well if you are so inclined . i thought my conversations with people might be at least a little entertaining . i am currently ... thank you , that was interesting . i'll watch pretty much anything with bale in it . of live shows i've seen : the phantom of the opera ( i think it was 1995 ? ) thoroughly modern millie ( 2004 ) film versions : flower drum song west side story newsies there are many i want to / ... lol , it was like a beat down one knew was going to happen and couldn't look away . i was thinking of using my powers to turn this thread for an irrelevant loop ... not sure yet if that's really ... when he says or you sense that he's feeling pushed , give him some time . i would suggest asking him a question with the addition of if you need some time to think it over , that's okay , yet please let ... that has been my experience with the one confessed intj that i know - most of the time personal offenses do not register with him or it's not important to him so he disregards it . another confessed ... for fabuglue and buttglitter , yes , that is the thanks you get . well , for one , if he is willing or asking to meet with you , that is a good sign . generally , it will mean that the person cares ( and i mean that as an intp , though still note the generally ) ... just trying to understand / help you out a little more , from my perspective ... it could also be that he simply doesn't understand what his actions / words meant to you , how you took it . also , ... yes , what i was trying to say . good advice to anyone with a similar confusion : talk to the intp directly , and with direct questions . usually works . lol this has all been entertaining . i can't believe it has gone on / is going on this long . '