' i'm not in a penitentiary . i have freedoms . i'm not hungry . i don't have unmanageable debt . got to take a vacation last week . i have a job and can work . i'm also grateful for relaxing asmr videos . i wish i knew their types for certain . they're both gone now . suspect my dad was isfp . my mother was rather intense , isfj or infj maybe , but really don't know . he has a great big heart . were the world a kinder gentler place , this is how i might have turned out .  ... there are three beautiful pairings of music and film in this movie , this is one . it is mccabe and mrs . miller from 1971 . the soundtrack is by leonard cohen . in this scene mccabe has been shot ... i agree with some writer i read somewhere who said infps without a measure of religion or spiritual awareness will experience particular emptiness . find something that fits you , my advice . in my ... thankful to be pretty healthy . i have sight to watch a movie , or read a book . i have someone in the next room i'm very fond of . el oh el ! seriously , hats off to infps who have found their way into political office . they've endured and contorted more than any other type to get there . bet there aren't many , very few in ... yeah . that 40 hour work week thing started with obama . anyway , some days i want to talk about my feelings ( ! ) . it's just not done though . would like to see how a day full of introverted feeling ... . my parents are both gone now . i've often wondered what their types were , only thing i'm sure of is that they were both fs . my best guess is they were both isfj , another possibility infj / isfp . ... some mbti related books : sixteen men do what you are gifts differing i love the outdoors but sometimes feel overwhelmed by it . i find eating outside distressing , you won't hear me asking for a table on the patio . when i connect most with nature it's by being near ... ... i would like to add this video to my list of things to be grateful for today . grateful that i'm not in physical pain grateful that my s / o is healthy and comfortable happy to have pandora ... and green tea . listening to cat power . i adore this girl . i realize this thread is now off the rails , but the op at least was interesting . i think it's not out of reach for idealistic types like us to latch on to extremist views , idealism is extremist ... i mostly prefer watching movies at the cinema , there aren't things there to compete for my attention . i forget what i did or said recently that prompted me finding this . but i got a good laugh from it . 688986 ^ life coaching , nt style . the helping professions would serve a lot better with this kind of message delivery , imo . been a tough weekend , hungover from stressful work week . bleak moments , sad , etc . times like these awareness of things to be grateful for is important . some random ones : i have pretty good ... i have a sister who means a lot to me . we don't talk much and live far apart , she sent a nice b-day email which i appreciated . i won't be going to bed hungry tonight . i have quiet , peaceful ... thankful for pretty good health today . hot tea . baseball on tv . i'm grateful for quiet and space to think now . grateful for a full stomach . i'm happy to have this virtual world at my fingertips when i want . plant - esfp page - isfp bonham - istp jones - isfp i believe they're all artisan types . spot the infp ( s ) in this trio . are you writing the speech yourself ? i was at my stepson's graduation a couple of weeks ago , about six or eight of the graduates took turns speaking in that large auditorium , each had a speech ... the character of hamlet , i believe , is infp . but a dramatic creation who verbalizes his interior states to a degree that doesn't exist in reality , he's really a made up type . his personal ... as i've gotten older , there's nothing i aspire to more than being genuinely and consistently kind . grateful for being free of physical pain today . grateful for reliable transportation . glad to have time to myself to recharge for tomorrow . today's gratitude : i'm thankful for this thread ! it's a convenient place to express these items . today was very beautiful outside - warm and breezy . i found a little time to bask . i had a ... if you have three minutes , this breaks me up every time . grateful for rain moving toward my city , i miss rain . grateful for my pandora channel now . grateful that my s / o had a fun day . grateful for a beautiful day outside today . listening to great music here in my favorite chair . there's plenty of food in the house . i'm grateful for the sweetness of my s / o . i'm grateful for memories of my sweet pets . i'm grateful for green tea this evening . a couple come to mind - i love the devotion and majesty of this , and i'm not even a believer . grateful that i had a purpose for getting out of bed today . grateful that i live with my best friend . grateful that i'm able to type these lines . grateful for experience to draw on , to make difficult situations easier . grateful i can choose from pleasant options here at home after a day at work . happy to have pretty good health today . the other day i was reading a thread about charles mingus , the jazz bassist . i was going to add a little levity to the thread and remark about an amusing jazz figure i thought i remembered named ... your personality type : peacemaker ( voi-s ) i've heard of isfps having a knack for walking into the furniture , maybe it's true ? to the op , sorry if it's been mentioned - i find that getting involved in a conversation is easier if i'm in ... it's comfortable on my couch in my house i just had something to eat , no hunger i have someone in the next room who thinks i'm ok anger is a bitch . specific episodes that spark a rage reaction are extremely unpleasant , being in conflict with another person often upsets me a lot . being an angry person - having a hostile ... i lived a 60 ' s existence ( in the ' 80s ) when i was quite young . i have neutral memories of psychedelics , certainly memorable experiences . i don't recommend drug use at all , on the other hand i don't ... glad it's over . grocery store visits can be harrowing or not , it depends on the store . a buncha people i had severe migraines from 15 to 25 or so , they gradually reduced in intensity so that by 40 i didn't suffer much . combination of aspirin and caffeine would interrupt the process if i caught it ... people people people '