' same here . she's an enfp as well . thanks for the help . everything worked out just fine . i was right about not pushing . 99002 - 1x enfp - 2x intj - 2x isfj - 1x entj - 1x intp i am not depressed but this is exactly what i have been doing for the past 2 months . sometimes you need to detach from life to realize what is important and what is not .  no . you can not hide from us . we will find your secret laboratory . resistance is futile . your life as it has been , is over . from this time forward , you will service us . nerd hearts should be bleeding ... dopamine . we are the borg . you will be assimilated . resistance is futile . - narcissism - egoism - ignorance - bad role models - capitalism - - money - corruption - greed - shallowness - naivety i know that your core values are probably different as for most human beings . but after all you are an extrovert . from my understanding extroverts deal with conflicts in a more direct manner than ... thank you for the answer . i really appreciate it . if what you tell is really applicable things look a bit different than i imagined . my thought was to wait it out and maybe send a text once in a ... hey there i am in a somewhat relationship with an enfp girl i've fallen hard for . everything was fine for a couple of months but now she is extremely stressed and has overburdened herself . i'd ... seems like we came to the same conclusion . i could not have said it better and wanted to practically state the same . what if you do not want to revert back ? i have fallen really hard for you but you insist on playing games . although it hurts , it's time to say good bye . you have broken a lot of my walls for which i am thankful . i enjoyed our time together . we are all nerds , aren't we ? holy mother of god .. 94552 i'll be self employed in a couple of months and have my own company .  i'll summarize your pathetic shit : wrong linkl ... easy . show them your appreciation by giving little shit tokens of appreciation . then release all your bottled up shit at once . let's just say that if i like you , i will warn you and get you away from ... women and onions . well , i tried to express myself in a polite matter . this will be messy and i will enjoy it . fuck social games . you caught me in a weak moment and forced me into this shit . why does humanity has to fake just about everything ? i see through your fake smiles and your fake attitudes now . it's ... wow that sounds good . pretty calm and relaxed style . it would definitely be interesting to hear more if there are more intj musicians in here . you are welcome . glad to see that some people actually like it . hey there a fellow intj friend sent me a link to a song of his . he did not edit it yet and is not sure if he should : playing : bottled_up_shit_take _2 . mp3 - picosong what do you think about ... same here . if you overflow with anger and can't channel it -> sport -> done . i am dating a gorgeous enfp lady . she introduced herself through a roommate . i got to know her when i was pretty satisfied ( i still am ) with my life and myself and wasn't really looking for a ... physical touch quality time words of affirmation acts of service receiving gifts same as above .. i show you mine if you show me yours . ni music ? here are some of my favourites which i think somehow fit . most songs are progressive so take your time . ... thanks a lot for the help . i tried reaching her today but wasn't lucky . now i am stuck in composing guitar songs because my mind won't allow me to do anything else .. can't concentrate . honestly i ... cha thanks for the advice . i'll try your approach and see what happens . i think that there is a pretty narrow time window in which something should happen between us or otherwise it will close ... thanks for the answer . yes , i do touch her but she initiated most of it except for the kissing part ( that didn't happen ) . the problem is that i do not find a way to get closer to her . i guess that i ... hey there it's been a while since my last post although i check this forum pretty much on a daily basis . to make a long story short , i've met an enfp and have fallen pretty hard for her . we went ... me . sad but true . do not forget the ultimate argument : i have nothing to hide . why should i care if the government knows everything that i am doing ? . i can not count how many times this has annoyed me . things are different in the usa than in europe . obviously i am european . not all of us are obsessed about getting the new ipad , samsung or whatever new fancy gadget is out there . i somehow think that ... the sarcasm is strong within you . thank you for recognizing my highly trained professional opinion and don't worry about affording her . if you make a solid intj master plan you will be able to ... i came to the same conclusion about the article . it is somehow related but the most interesting part is the reference to the ted talk . things were different in wwii . i think that people were afraid ... you have some serious problems . maybe you should consult the therapist in the ted talk . i truly feel sorry for you . sure . in your 20s ? not married with babies ? then you're winning | daisy buchanan | comment is free | theguardian.com we are both pretty close to cross the line . you seem to be as stubborn as i am . if we continue this discussion it will end in nothing more than mutual hatred . why should i want control over your ... maybe you should think about who's angry now ? ... honestly i like your style but if you have nothing to contribute spare me your immature sarcasm . ok ... this made me laugh . you really are entertaining . how about me starting a thread about loneliness . would that make you more talkative ? 81132 why should marriage be important for society ? humans are not monogamous creatures which leads to the conclusion that marriage is just a construct . but of course this construct is advantageous for ... '