' screams infj for whatever that is worth - - for many of the reasons listed above by others posters . no idea hah ! been on a long project away from the forums and civilization really . i have all intents and purposes given up on trying to figure my type out . the help you provided was very welcome ... agreed . se without a doubt is the inferior . if you could describe the issue in as much depth or detail as possible that would be helpful . still interested in that other topic to about what ... double post ! ( deleted ) i have been on travel ! i am back now - - - i had a lot of time to give your assessment thought and my own behavior decision making process i also agree with your assessment that en for sure - - and fe ... digging back in now - - will update tomorrow morning . :) oh wow ... this is rather enlightening . bwhaha so much yes . the innovator does not regulate interpersonal distance in communication very well well ; sometimes he is inappropriately familiar and ... thanks all ! was away at work was not able to check as frequently as i originally hoped . i have gone around in circles but pretty comfortable with xstp on the whole . yeah enfj - - i still think on some level the stp's is more me .. but eh . actually i am hanging up the hat on mbti personality types altogether i think . either i am too broken - - or the system doesn't ... i read several description of inferior fi , and inferior ti - - - she said inferior ti fit better . so .. enfj :) as for her without a doubt in my mind isfp . makes for an interesting dynamic . hah ! thats some great advice . so started searching for entj folks on youtube , mind blown . now i am almost certain - - - between helpful folks such as yourself and seeing videos like the below - - ... yeah ? funny i had entj in the above post and edited it to entp - - showed my wife the video just now she said entj ( of the two ) all the way . and laughed that i even debated the other type . ... i am still here ! and yes i have given it some thought just caught up with work . though between the three i have no idea - - and in some ways i don't think i am going to find my preference . the ... myst 91 thunder so i just spent the better part of 5 hours ( don't ask ) reading extensively on the cognitive functions and have had a couple epiphanies .. some more obvious than others . online ... excellent ! thank you , reading this now . update : interesting ! i am going to have to take a look at how te and fe operating as a dominant function and how fi and ti operate in an inferior capacity . thunder all of that was spot on ... i have certainly settled on xntj and in fact may even edge over into the entj zone give my bias towards action and efficiency above all else . i had originally ... both of these make a great deal of sense . i'll see i can address them tomorrow with some examples . of note is the ni se interaction . i would say that i think that thinking ahead tactically about something , implies that i am planning insofar as the online quizes are concerned . in all seriousness i am a terrible planner . while i may ... well that was interesting took the keys 2cognition assessment . i refused to let any of my ' work personas ' influence me i tried to focus on the me outside my professional self . cognitive ... thunder really ? awesome . making progress - - i have been reading up on the xntj and istp comparisons i would have to say though i am losing confidence to be objective of my own behavior . at a ... myst 91 - - i am in the same boat , crazy busy all the sudden :) that post is coming soon , focus on the best material i can think of - - i want to give it some real thought though and edit thoroughly . i ... ninjabladesofdoom awesome input .. though i think you meant to put the above responses in the stickied questionnaire post ? or is the intent to compare you answers to mine input into this thread ... i would say the closest thing i can compare it to a need to make sure things are working in my immediate environment because if this is not the case it otherwise it causes disharmony / tension and i ... this mean you believe you are on the thinker side of the camp but cant for the life of you determine which one ? if so then i would very much agree i have exactly the same issue . i am inclined to ... wish i knew frankly - - - but officially ( company paid assessment ) i have consistently tested as an estp / istp ( even entp at times ) though i don't relate much at all to the estp stereotypes ( agin they ... i would say yes - - only because this reminds me a great deal of myself . this is what i get for responding to these late at night , end up missing entire words ! you are correct their well-being at risk . i am inclined to agree , whatever the function it is very ... hello all , i have gone back and forth for years between estp , istp , entp , infj and intj and tested formally as an estp / entp / istp multiple times but frankly , i have no clue anymore . do any of you ... essentially i feel that i have to play nice because i don't enjoy conflict at-least not personal conflict - - i can argue an idea on an impersonal thing all day . but the second that takes a turn into ... oh wow . brain exploded . i have tested repeatedly as istp but couldnt quite get over that i seem to identify strongly with ni ( which we have as istp ) , so thought maybe intj but this kicked me right ... as a likely intj for what it is worth would have characterized te in almost exactly the same manner . can you say more on how you get hamstrung by the right thing to do ? this is a hard one - - - i would say being hamstrung in the sense that i know i should be intervening and in fact many times do so ... contributor intj this fits me perfectly ... its so tiring . so very very tiring . this was a learned behavior associated with having a career that required me to play nice always or suffer the ... mystery solved .. beyond the shadow of a doubt i am the contributor category . for those intj's out there do you see yourself as putting on a mask as a means to an end ? i certainly do though i have ... frankly i think i am going to step far far away from the functions - - - they seem a bit too vague to understand in practice . given the function dichotomy only i feel pretty good . i would say i am ... hmm did this evaluation posted on front page and with the self scoring felt very ... haha ! actually no - - i figured i suck at thinking about myself objectively . so i would just let her rip and see how it came across . i spent the last 10 years being forced into a very cold ... thought i would try something different , a straight up random unguided exposition of of how i think i am . unprompted and without constraints , my assumption is that what i choose to emphasize will be ... oh for sure - - - i am inclined to believe i don't test well . i cant take the questions at face value . i dont know that i ever have even in academia . i have to admit i didn't actually my wife ... ok ... i think i officially give up . on whim i took the keys to cognition assessment again in bold , being careful to go with my gut responses .. yeah nothing like the results a page back ( not bolded ) ... yes it sure was - - - a military operations position to be as specific as i can . for me i think the kicker is going is again going to be the manifestation of that inferior function . still if i ... can i ask what you consider to be your triggers for stress in general ? anything specific that leaps out to you ? you struggle with over-commitment at all ? ie new things , work projects , experiences ... hello ! at a glance based on what i read above i would say you lead with ne , which would put you in the enfp camp . that said take at a look at the below lists which is more true of you under ... myst 91 thanks again forgot to mention clarifying the lack of fi is a big win for me . i feel like at this point i need to dig into the inferior function to get a handle on which of the above types ... frankly i would boil the whole experience down to being extremely draining for you . i don't know i would go so far as being shredded though that depends on the country some of the basic training is ... thank you myst 91 ! this was extremely helpful ! lets see if i can address some your questions directly and add a bit of clarity . in great detail , like ? show me what kind of detail you mean ... my latest thought i that i am an infj who spent large swaths of the last 10 years in the grip of my inferior functions - - i was working for the military in a very reactionary role , one that demanded ... you might find this article very useful , it was for me . personalityjunkie.com/05/introverted-feeling-fi-vs-introverted-thinking-ti/ hey folks this conversation is like gold for me - - - i appreciate the insights , in particular the articulation of the inferior functions under stress i am leaning heavily that i may in fact be an ... as a likely infp - - who just spent the last 10 years working for the military ... avoid it like the plague . it will play to all your weaknesses and ask you to be someone you are not by using ... '