' i've never really understood pee videos . i can understand everything else to varying degrees , especially bondage and abuse , but not pee videos . it's not that i find the fetish disturbing or anything , ... is it a steady job ? i know sometimes the longer you work in the industry , the more out of your comfort zone they push you . as in , you can't keep doing vanilla porn , you gotta delve into that sexy ... lol i dunno . was it fun ? or were you trying to die ? intj plowing his way into the conversation here . when i'm high with friends , i am laughing and joking and everything , but i came home last night still stoned from earlier that night , i focused on ... sir , one of the most important questions is this ... how much do you get paid ? i smoke something that isn't legal in every state . i used to smoke an occasional cigar , until i found this amazing alternative to tobacco . amirite ? i disagree with the bold . while there is still responsibility , the amount of responsibility decreases . so , agree to disagree . depends on how you said it , but to me ... he sounds like a crybaby . i've been socializing more , and i am indeed happier . tell him i said that . that is a serious escalation too . drunk driving . saying stupid things however , you aren't 100 % responsible for . impulse control is quite lowered , but drunk driving takes alot more work to do than ... not convinced . you know the dangers of war , you signed up for the army , it's your fault you got shot . i've always typed as intj , but in person i act a little differently , so as to better get along with people . i am becoming more social . mbti is not a tool to help us identify a rut into which we are ... they knew things , and they would talk because they're payments ceased . gale was going to replace walt once gus killed him . walt had to kill gale to prevent that . that too . but the list thing was ... the 10 guys in prison were acceptable , they were mike's guys and knew things . gale was acceptable , as it was to save his life . and mike , that was out of anger because he wouldn't give him the list ... killing to save yourself is perfectly acceptable . i am referring to all of walt's killings . the killing of drew sharp was unnecessary . being drunk is an excuse . you'll agree next time you're drunk and say something stupid . when you're drunk , choice is a concept without meaning . you do things without much thought , impulse takes ... you have ignored all of mine . you give nothing to back up your points , except your word . yes , true and false are objective , however morality is not objective . i don't see why you would even think ... murder can be accepted , and is regularly accepted . context is everything . and i never said walt was innocent , nor those other criminals . in fact , i am well aware he is a criminal . i already stated ... he likes you , alot . he wants to fix things , and it looks like he wants to be with you . i'll be heading to a tech school next year , gonna be a network administrator . actually ... yeah , they do . otherwise it's subjective . objective deals with facts , otherwise it is subjective . and yes , there is positive and negative , true or false , but not with morality . it is all ... morality can not be quantified . it is subjective . if you do not believe in a higher power , then you should know that morals are up to us . i am an atheist . i do not recall saying what he did was ... morality is not subjective ? that is illogical . i am assuming you believe in a higher power then ? what he did was neither moral nor immoral . it was simply survival , and the way of the business . it ... i am not defending him because of my emotional attachment to him . if someone else had done the same , i would have defended them , as their actions made sense . there is right and wrong , however it ... irrationality ? there is no irrationality . and i said morals depend upon the situation . that would irrational , in that situation . this hardly affects your pride . minor slights of pride do not equal ... it actually isn't irrational at all . my morals are just flexible . if it was either dying , or killing a peaceful person , i would kill the peaceful person . better to live on your terms , than live ... actually , yes . they had to kill the chemist , or gus would have killed walt . no choice.and i already explained why he refused the money . some of it yes , but i felt he was kind of harsh with some things he said to her . justice over mercy ? definitely . walt had too much pride to take the offer , and i understand that . he knew , and we knew , that he wasn't getting the job cause he was a great chemist , he was getting the job because his friend felt bad ... i for one support walt in every decision he has made , except for the crap he said to his wife on the phone . otherwise , i support him all the way . however , he should have decided to kill jesse sooner , ... the picture is big because my phone likes to make my pictures big . . _ . sorry . been busy , building a computer . mackellar : when people do that i get irritated to the extremes . when i say because why ? and they still say because ... i wanna break something . i never said how big of an insult it was . i'd appreciate it if you calmed down a little . it's not really a game . references and sources are rather important . i shall take a look at your reference ... how mature . you wish to derail the thread further and insult me ? so be it . source regarding hitchens ? even religion is hypocritical . a reading of the bible , and any religious text will prove ... i posted on your visitor messages yesterday saying if you wanted to discuss religion , we should do it there . but i see you ignored it ... they're hypocritical about their religious beliefs , is what ... all religious people aren't christians ? well holy crap . ( sarcasm ) i used christianity as an example because it is the dominant religion . i bash all religions , and the occasional agnostic and ... so i'm assuming all the religious people you know do everything their religion demands ? 11 things the bible bans , but you do anyway - 11 points ... i guess you've never met a religious person ? or are you yourself one ? i am an atheist . some might even use the label anti-theist . religious people are all against their so called sins , pray ... male infj's ? don't know if i know any . they're very much like us , that i know , but a bit more feely . so i usually like them , unless they get all irrational on me . all humans are hypocrites , but some of the greatest are the religious hypocrites . another fine example of the hypocrisy of religious people . med school huh ? i myself plan to go to med school . how was pre med ? 1 : no , religion is poison and needs to eventually die out . i'm an atheist . 2 : srs ? serious ! ? 3 : no , all religions are false . atheism is the only rational stance . even deism is flawed . no such ... i think the same thing happens to me . o_o wait ... no it doesn't . phew . if it did , that would suck . in my opinion . i get girls regardless whether i try or not . failing when you try and succeeding when ... i am regularly called a sarcastic smart ass.the only time i'm called nice , is when i say nothing in that class . girls call me sweet , but that's cause i'm only nice to girls that i am interested in ... anime for some reason creeps me out a little . i can't say why . it's just ... something about it makes me feel dirty . not sexually dirty , just dirty . might be my childhood experience with anime which ... '