' a little late in responding but doing a lot better now and truly appreciate your alls concern . as far as i can remember i've spent a lot of time just thinking about some girl . i can think of era's ( if you will ) of these different girls that sort of dominated my conscious in a way . do you ... yea no prob . that's pretty much all i was looking for anyway im gonna say some thoughts and i'm curious if you all experience anything similar . often i feel something is innately wrong with me . something i can't quite verbalize to anyone . sometimes , ... i dunno do you feel like you can / want to ? i know an infp who's doing pharmacy but i wouldn't consider us similar even though i technically also fall into infp and so does he . i would say on average twice ? my moods i think change ... every day but not at the beginning of the day at least ... on average . usually it's centered on a interpersonal dynamic . and when that dynamic ... 1 . what is your profession ? ( don't pull a sparta please ) 2 . do you enjoy it ? 3 . how much do you make a year ? 4 . is it hard to get a job in that field ? yea im curious also thanks so much you guys yea i wanna watch a movie . this thread prolly exists elsewhere but this one is different because ... any suggestions ? i'm certainly no expert and i can only speak for myself but i would say for me it's not about embracing being an infp male so much as embracing your wants and desires . it's kind of being keenly aware ... hope it gets better . yea im feeling pretty dope right now oddly . pretty relaxed and optimistic umm for me personally feelings / intuitions are kind of like little hints ... or prophecies . but they don't give me the entire picture sometimes ... sometimes it's just like a clue or something ... maybe ... i agree with you on the being able to look into their eyes and kind of have a quiet ... trust i suppose . i guess it's a confidence in the stability of our connection and love . and yea if they were ... haha no i mean ... no . i mean i'm also talking about girls i've dated and none of them have exibited a or b . also out of curiosity do you find it true for you as woman ? do you find men that are like this attractive ? but come to think of it i don't really see men that exhibit the same characteristics i'm ... yea although i appreciate his post and completely see how that's a valid explanation for him i don't think it's true for me . you know i'm not really sure . i hope the answer reveals itself to me someday . but yea i share your curiosity ... this doesn't have to be just infp i guess . i've always been attracted to them for better or for worse . it's just kind of a pattern thats proven itself over the years . do you infps generally find this ... okay so i guess ... i'll answer for symphony orchestra and ... playing local venues ( rock bands and what not ) i'd say the hardest thing about orchestra is the relationships between players and the ... what's your deepest desire ? what do you envision when you think of this ? what does it look like ? what does it feel like ? i'm kind of thankful for personalitycafe . i mean ... yea . i don't feel comfortable asking for this but when you're considering suicide i've heard that even if it makes you uncomfortable you need to talk to someone . so i guess ... i'm following through with ... anyone know how to calculate the power of a test in statistics ? ... what ? no well yea dude of course iunno if it works it works . i hear it happen a lot . but you know ... i mean i eat a lot of food a lot ... doesn't mean i should ... or maybe i should .. mm bad example . you get the idea hopefully haha . in ... one of two things you can try and if they dont work then you can just ... say you tried 1 . try not focusing on your emotions . try to not even label them or acknowledge their state and act ... by default im not organized . in the end i think its best to be . yeyuh whut ov it yo ? stands in the middle of intj land to test effect . ... * looks back and forth * ... * waits * samee ' ' ' i think it's nobodies job to fix my wounds . just me . i think it's a little strange being alive period and not just as an infp . you're really not . even if you are right now then thinking you are might reinforce it . about your last question .. personally i would always assume it just has to do with the person until you meet another entj . you sound like me to me more or less i can be found anywhere really . i don't discriminate . best thing to go off is body language imo . lord ` ` ` i wrote an entire long message explaining how i felt and the window didnt load and erased it all ... thats okay ill do it again . i can't go to sleep . i keep having images of gun shots going ... ... not to overthrow an opinion but don't you think that's a tad bit harsh a bit overgeneralizing ? i mean i don't know how many entjs you know or what people you are basing this on but i feel like ... nevermind ` ` ` nevermind ` ` ` i've been thinking about the idea that if you ... acknowledge something as a problem then that is the first step in it becoming so . the idea that if you attempt to fix yourself or your situation ... if they love me ... then i'll feel it ? if they don't ... then i won't ? to me the relationship does not need a whole lot of verbal affirmation . it's when i don't get a clear feeling from a person that ... i think it's easier to manipulate people that think similar to you . when people say these people would be easier to manipulate i think it's relative and subjective . if you understand how someone ... i got infp ... and im not saying that cause i want him to be or cause i like the guy . but that just seems like something i could see myself doing . his intense idealism and relentless pursuit of not ... i think that on this forum it's a pretty big skew . i think a lot of people are taking the people on this forum as an example of their type or you have some people who take people they know as an ... i have had an iced tall caramel macchiato ( or two ) every single day for the past 4 years . what do you when there's nothing you can do and nothing you can't do ? it's like every step i take is a step in the wrong direction . '