' reading people - knowing what they're thinking and how they're feeling without them saying anything . roger radcliffe so i could play with those dalmatian puppies all day everyday ! robin hood is oddly sexy , as well . even though i try my hardest , i can't help but think about a future with whoever it is that i'm dating , even though we're still in the dating stage . so hopeless . opposite . since i'm gay i always feel that some straight men might be a little uncomfortable even though we're friends , and there might be some sort of unrequited attraction from other gay men . i ... yes because i remember what it's like to be a child and i realize now that everyone deserves a wonderful childhood before life gets difficult . my relationship has plateaued and i don't see it lasting much longer , but i don't have the courage to break a heart even though i know it's what i should do . i applied to yale , got an interview , and of course didn't get accepted . even though my test scores and gpa were high ( 4.3 gpa and 34 act ) and i was heavily involved in high school , it takes so much ... i'm scared of moving to the west coast ( currently in the midwest ) when i'm done with school in a few years . i'm scared of leaving my friends and family and having a difficult time meeting new people ... reading . i used to read all the time when i was little but i can't remember the last book i read for pleasure . i'd really like to change this about myself but the internet always holds my interest , ... i'm planning to go to grad school for occupational therapy . not the same thing , but pretty similar . autonomy , helping people individually , not an office setting , don't have to sell anything to ... value social liberty , despise american capitalism and corporation , gay i've finally figured out what i want to do with my life , and that is to earn my master's degree in occupational therapy . it seems like everything i want in a career - - helping others , autonomy , not ... josephine louise lily elizabeth alan richard james glenn still a geography major and was looking to go to grad school for urban planning , but recently i just found out the job market is terrible so i've had to reevaluate my career aspirations . i now ... 9 4 7 9 being the highest in a landslide . why do i get the feeling you aren't going to invite me over to celebrate your birthday ? and why have i been assuming things like this with you recently ? love . sleeping beauty bambi lady and the tramp the jungle book ( the best ) beauty and the beast the guy i've been seeing off and on the past four months finally committed to being in a relationship with me . i can't even bother figuring out your personality type . all i know is that i can't handle you anymore . i can't wait to go back to bed after class . i wish it were back to your bed instead of mine , though . skip work and nap with me ! it's nice to finally feel appreciated by you . :) the weather is beautiful today . my only class tomorrow is canceled . hopefully seeing the boy tonight . leaving for a weekend in dc tomorrow . everything's wonderful today . my bed . i think the fact that it's 3 am has some influence on my answer ... i'm on season 5 right now . i've been pretty busy to sit down and watch it recently , but everything about is so good ! why are we only friends on mondays and wednesdays ? why do you think that being friends means hanging out all the time ? i have other friends , other commitments , and i like having time to myself . ... trying to play it cool but failing miserably . falling for someone yet again . drunk . ex . questioning . we both keep running back to each other . is that good or bad ? here we go again ... pot . sleep . weekend . after coming back to school after spring break , i've felt so rejuvenated and refreshed with a new perspective on life . i just wish the weather would match my mood . today , i turned a playful argument into something serious by crossing the line with someone i used to really care about . at first i didn't care because he kind of deserves it for treating me like ... the x-files - mulder is an infp and scully is just ... so amazing . i will give and receive hugs but that's about it . any other physical affection displayed to / by me is reserved for someone with whom i'm romantically involved . two by sylvia plath : i talk to god but the sky is empty . perhaps when we find ourselves wanting everything , it is because we are dangerously near to wanting nothing . both are just ... so ... i idealize way too much . i'm interested in a casual friend but i have no idea if he's into me . looking back on the past i think he's dropped hints that he was but i'm just now realizing this , but i could just be making that ... i'm really good at basic math and for some reason a lot of rules from geometry have stuck with me . i was very advanced growing up but once i got to precalculus , none of it made much sense to me . i only smoke when i'm drinking or if i'm really stressed out about something . smoking doesn't bother me , though , unless it's indoors . i don't mind if my friends smoke , but i do see the money they ... i'm home for spring break right now and i can't handle it . i'm 20 years old and my parents still treat me like i'm a child . no wonder i don't feel like an adult yet . i'm glad i decided to go to such a large school in a city ( ohio state ) . there are so many people here that it's hard not to find a group of people you get along with and share interests with . and ... i'm always looking to be in a relationship . being single just makes me feel more lonely . up until about last week i've pretty much been involved with someone since the spring of 2009 ( with small ... i've seen a front door close on its own when there was barely any wind . someone on the outside tried to open it and it was locked . sounds a lot like paranormal activity 2 now that i think about ... fuck trying to make something work when i'm the only one making a damn effort . it's your move . i'll be right here , for now . i'm majoring in geography , with two specializations in environmental and urban / global / regional . minoring in psychology . i began to find myself senior year of high school . i'm in my second year of university and i feel as if i've almost figured myself out . almost . this is going to be a fun dinner party , not really a serious one . my three best friends kathy griffin betty white ellen degeneres natalie portman rupaul lily allen freddie mercury sunny revived happy finals are next week ! i need a vacation ! i think the best dog i've ever met is named pillow and he's a huge samoyed . his fur is really long and fluffy , hence the name . he's very well-behaved but he does have a need to be touched all the ... looks like we both can't stand to be without each other . round 2 with this boy started last night . approaching things in a completely different way , though . i'm not expecting anything this time so ... '