' operations and wellsite geologist i work on drilling rigs and manage the geology side of drilling projects . my job primarily is a communicator , mentor , go-between and high pressure problem ... i learned tarot cards and it is a good vehicle for this . however i have learned with age that some ( most ) people are not ready for information or the truth about themselves and i think it is ... ive had this feeling and realized that , for the most part , he doesn't need me . my opinion on life challenges , how to solve problems , etc is not asked for or really considered and often not respected ... i don't think he meant it bad with saying you can be apart . my istp partner of 7 years and i have the same dynamic and mutual independence and a lot of comments posted by others are extremely ... after 7 years together , i still do not understand my istp partner . it is both frustrating and incredibly intriguing . he never stops surprising me and this has lead to quite a tumultuous relationship ... one of my best friends of over 10 years is an istj female . recently i told her some happy news and she got all lecture-y on me regarding the news instead of the happy and encouraging like others are ... in elementary school , i was smart but no one cared . i was well liked and had quite a few friends . in the junior high / high school ( there was no junior high in my world ) , i had my groups and no one ... you will be okay . just going to take some time . an important thing is to try your best to get out there . i find i can become incredibly introverted when depressed and i just create this abyss for ... for those that drink , booze is always good . especially something special like actual baileys or grand marnier or a whiskey that's a step up from the usual . that's the default gift for the 40yo istp ... i feel the same loneliness . have had many meltdowns over this . still trying to figure out if i can live with it . i also worry about what will happen if when i find someone who is there for me more ... i've had one and let's just say it was very effective . no need to worry . i have two female enfj best friends . well definitely one . i always confused them ( still not sure about one ) with entj because they are both pretty darn rational but they are pretty much like ... i think you just have to do what feels right for your soul . so be it if it's a little masochistic . better than watching the world go by from the sidelines . and doing nothing guarantees a result of ... my signature is from one of those tests recently taken . i just used bars to represent percentage . i use ni all the time . basically i gather information with ne , create a big picture for myself and process and relate it when i'm by myself using ni . i love creating systems especially workflows and ... i dunno if it is your si that is the problem . enfps suck at si too and yet never really seem to have these issues . i think developing your fe / fi would help more and at least then you aren't stuck ... this is interesting to me because i have discussed this topic for a very long time with one of my best friends , a female entp . she cannot fly under the radar no matter how much she says she wants ... what worked with my istp man is i think i smiled ( apparently a big deal ) and made some observations about something messed up or wacky . that tends to get his attention and will often trigger an ... i've been with an istp for 6 years . we've had so many ups and downs yet i always come back to him because i love him just so much . i get really unhappy with how bad our communication can be and how ... i think he is leaving it ambiguous cause it is no , not wanting it now . but he wants to keep the option open . i've done that type of thing . but who knows if he would ever be ready to go there . i ... i'm exactly the same as this . crazy . and totally agree with the advice . an enfp is probably the easiest person to ask . they will do their best to not make you feel bad eben if you do t get the answer ... i often feel as if most men just want me for a sexual relationship and are less interested in actually wanting the person inside . i wonder this sometimes with my spouse even . often i feel very alone ... we often clash or just avoid each other because we just don't relate . oh no enter key not working . i have three estps in my life . sister of my istp partner , my brother-in-law of my isfj sister , and ... never met someone who shows more appreciation for a delicious home cooked meal as my istp . it is absolutely enjoyable watching him enjoy it with lit up face and mmm noises and a big hug after if i ... okay , not always an option , but highly effective : sex i also have an infj friend where there is definite attraction between us . he's definitely playing the hot / cold type thing where he doesn't often contact me but when i contact him then we have a great ... there is definitely a shift in your friendships starting in the late 20s . some friends will drift away as they get more involved in their own lives . some will start families , which become their no . 1 ... sounds like you have a corporate culture - clash . doubt it is really fixable or a long term fit . use this job to get what you want out of it ( become really hireable , improve skills , make ... estjs rarely like me and i also rarely like them . actually replace like with tolerate . we clash . i avoid them at work , the only place we are forced to interact . none are in my family ... estps ... my fiancé is istp and i have several istp friends , male and female . a couple isfp friends too . awesome people to do things with and travelling with sps is the best . * disclaimer * my enter key decided not to work ... * i lean towards messy and cluttered because i like my things visible . generally i take care of things i love and i totally disregard things i don't ... my sister isfj is sometimes like this . bluekitdon's post sounds bang-on to me . shale's does as well . my sister adores her family but is so stressed out , with good reasons , that she can be fairly ... my sister is an isfj and i often ask her about people . i always see who people could be rather than who they are so i can rely on her realistic present-day analysis . i frequently focus too much on ... my istp hubby is a mechanic but that isn't his profession ( he is a drilling rig supervisor ) . it does become part of his job though because he is very good at it . often he ends up fixing more than the ... i have no line . everything is a blurred grey area . nicknamed tmi ( too much information ) . i'd never do anything to actually hurt anyone and i have a full full heart eager to bring love all around the ... 30s are so much much better for me . i'm more secure with myself , come to terms with career and family and friends . i became much more spiritual and that has made life more rewarding . i do not long to ... the adventures are a good part of why our relationship works . going on 6 years past a 1year break during which we still did adventures together . if we don't do adventures we grow really stagnant and ... likely he talks about estps cause he noticed the pattern that they also have a high sex drive according to perc observations . im in it for the connection and the fun . it feels good and it is ... i watched that episode ! that lady is a nutjob . and this show is full of wackos but this lady is just terrible . walk . away . i think if i was the husband i would be drinking a whole heck of a lot . and ... i often question why i seem to have lower morals than some . i sympathize with cheaters and villains and i will break laws . i guess my alignment is true neutral . i have love in my heart all the time ... i have two male infj friends and our chemistry is too good . feels like right person wrong time . great friends but have to make sure it stays in the friend zone . we are all in serious relationships we ... we met at work in the bush and got along as friends . he left work there for a couple years and i broke up with my then bf . facebook started , i added him and messaged . we kept chatting there and msn ... i hate people generalizing functions . my ni is as strong as my ne and way stronger than any other function . i use ni much more than fi . i love ni thinking and i love dark humour and twisted satire ... many say we don't have functions in common but not many people follow them specifically as they should for their type . i have strong ni and okay ti for instance and my se is okay . so i can understand ... hi istps curious what kind of art you like ? i'll just start off with art on the wall , like paintings , posters , collages etc ... do you like art that shows off technical skill ? matches your ... top 5 characteristics - confident and masculine - independent and free-thinking - considerate and has some chivalry - not insecure ! oh yes that is confident but maybe a slightly more nuanced ... my husband will suddenly out of nowhere tell me something really important even though i ask him about his day and he says basically it was a day . i think he just automatically ignores small talk ... i flirt all the time . totally unconscious . work with all men where there are specific boundaries that make it fun rather than teasing . even just smiling a lot is flirting . plus i'm ... i seem to be friends with everyone except esxjs - cant think of a single one for either of those types . keep listing the types and every other i can identify a good friend . i'm married to an istp . best man in the world . 6 years together . we are very complementary though have challenges . balances me and lets me be myself . bad verbal communication but we actually agree ... '