' the people a shallow-draft boat in an endless marsh homes on stilts with long docks that stretch over tangled plants out to the open water . a lantern is hung on a post to guide latecomers ... the people a shallow-draft boat in an endless marsh homes on stilts with long docks that stretch over tangled grass and reeds out to the open water . a lantern is hung on a post there to guide ... when you're the one people call when they need to talk , but not just to go out and have fun . ( i know , boo hoo ) landscape ' by john trumbull , dayton art institute.jpg > a trail across the snowy field i laid down heading for the trees , has been erased and tightly sealed by a stiff northwestern breeze ! mississippi still , calm among backwater islands , the caramel water eyes a sandbar . heron searches for a fin bending , a gill fanning . in the main channel wind assaults the current . light and ... an infp i know and i really seem to communicate without always saying much it is relaxing because we know we at least look at the world with a few of the same assumptions . no , remember the old saying , still waters run deep . i have the same issue . try to save a good piece here and there . someone will probably slam me for saying this , but don't be so hard on yourself . look at all of the total literary trash that is ... oldest of three - very interesting idea you have here . wayne's world ? she ( coffee ) and i do not see each other any more because i get jittery and lose sleep . i think about her all the time . i got a 27 . i have had dreams about small , insignificant events which do come to pass ; a little start will go through me like ding ! remember dreaming about that ? more and more in waking i get ... the changing light by lawrence ferlinghetti the changing light at san francisco is none of your east coast light none of your pearly light of paris the light of san francisco is a sea light an ... no good as an accountant someone has to keep track of fuel accounts . i prefer the smoky spaces between trees or hazy fall skies where i can drift in peace . o son of my handmaid ! quaff from the tongue of the merciful the stream of divine mystery , and behold from the day-spring of divine utterance the unveiled splendor of the day-star of wisdom . sow the ... don't be so tough on yourself . i try to follow that advice myself and do poorly ... but try to just enjoy the moment in some way . i have always pretty much reeked at small talking . people think ... whatever they think ... i think it comes off as not too friendly . i usually try to get the person to talk about herself or himself ... i am a baha'i . that poster in agape's post is similar to our beliefs . dreams by joe walsh oops , sorry about that : unsure : anything with doris day and rock hudson heavy ... why are things so heavy in the future ? is there something wrong with the earth's gravitational pull ? - - emmett brown , scientist ( sorry , no disrespect meant . i often divert from the heavy ... you must be enjoying the series . i have read quite a few of them . i am in awe of o'brian's encyclopedic knowledge ( or research ) of the brit navy , seamanship , the napoleonic wars , geography , just to ... i think he sounds very much like an infj . i am one ; i have taken the personality surveys numerous times , and i always come out the same . your friend seems like a classic example to me . he may be very ... orhoj as opposed to hodge-podge , i guess . ha : rolleyes : even though you are an older person , you still are interested in gaining new insights into self and like-minded souls . 1493 and recently 1491 by charles mann . mind-opening histories of the new world . thank you , from a newly-joined infj . tender words - - rumi tender words we spoke to one another are sealed in the secret vaults of heaven . one day like rain , they will fall to earth and grow green war and peace by tolstoy the china study by campbell the hidden words by baha'u'llah insincerity and all those nagging insecurities swirling around in my head ! when you like this quote by p . g . wodehouse : i could see that , if not actually disgruntled , he was far from gruntled . you know you are an infj when you get the terrible feeling that people at work are only being nice to you because they want something , but then they are so nice that you push the insecurity into a ... '