you are too young to marry ! your family is going to be so disgraced ! : shocked : oldest of two . i would run around in panic while counting down the loudest i can . 1 . ) unethical : sometimes , but it guilt-trips me . 2 . ) joker : yes , i am . 3 . ) no feelings : not true , but i sometimes think i'd be better off without them . 4 . ) cocky : it depends on who i'm ... counselor july , brightening up your lives . 87939 when people think you are weird / unusual / different but they like you anyway . : happy : i'm right , but i can't be bothered to explain why . when you have to write an essay about something you don ’ t like very much and it turns out to be a harsh critique of everything about it . heh . for some reason this does not surprise me at all . : ninja : my favourite four is ne , ti , te and ni . when you accidentally and completely unexpectedly offend an infp . this . you are intuitive if you get a lower test grade than expected because you made tiny mistakes everywhere . hmm ... intp . when you cannot remember what you ate for dinner yesterday . could be intp . you i have a paracosm , which is at its core a sandbox in which i can play with countries and people and pretend to be an ambivalent overlord . some from dyac . super crunchy ? he mangled it badly indeed ! it ’ s simple . if you ’ re talking to a croat , call it croatian , if you ’ re talking to a bosnian , call it bosnian , if you ’ re talking to a serb , call it serbian , if you ’ re talking to a montenegrin , call it ... yay languages ! my first language is croatian . call it serbo-croatian or else if you want , i don ’ t care . the most significant difference is that serbians have an annoying accent . i am quite fluent ... every single intp ( except for yours truly ) that i know in real life has no self-confidence . : rolleyes : quoted for truth . i daresay it ’ s more a game thread . i am immature . esfp , very very very esfp . agh , a nazi ! * runs away * just kidding , welcome to peronalitycafe and have a good time . : happy : exponentiation and polynomials are the worst stuff in the universe after physics and computer science , and after i said this no one could ever believe me i am an intp or at least close to one . gah ... : happy : i am quite artistic . i doodle all time i can get on my hands whenever i feel inspired . i sometimes try to write a short story or something , but i end up not liking it because the text ... intj . welcome ! : happy : you forget where ’ s your phone and start panicking , only to realise it is in your pocket . let me see ... isfp . . welcome to this place ! care to justify the facepalm with solid reasoning ? it ’ s probably very different for you , but my formula for making it through school is rewarding self with some dark chocolate after getting an a . seriously , it motivates me quite well and has made me ... you're not the only one . if the function test is correct , fi is , like , my third highest function , and my ne is a hair stronger than my ti . the latter is quite easily explained by me having a ... estp . i could contribute to this thread , too . you ’ re an intp when ... ... you forget to blink when you are deeply thinking about something . ... you accidentally and completely unwillingly made an ... intj because of the death star on the avatar . isfp . screams estp to me . istp infj , perhaps . welcome ! infp * puts on a smile * thanks . : happy : ... and decided to join in just for the sake of it . i'm an xntp , but i put intp in my profile because i'm feeling more introverted than not at the moment . expect me to change my type to entp and ... people can be very good if approached in a right way .