' hi , i'm an enfp and am married to an entp so i have some close contact to the differences between these two types . i would also focus on whether you prefer ti versus fi . one thing that i would say ... for me , just forcing myself , tolerating the anxiety and discomfort that come with it . doing it even though it is an unfamiliar thing and i can't predict how it's going to turn out afterwards and what ... hi enfpleasantly , i tried replying to your message on my wall but the system kept blocking me . yes , i've read that thread . i can definitely see myself in those stages previously in my life . good luck with getting back to yourself again . i'm also not all the way there yet , but i can feel myself ... haha , i say / do this stuff all the time too ! a rainbow cannot be passed uncommented . some things i often say : - oh look at that pigeon . it's a brown and white pigeon . how special . ( or substitute ... haha , yes . someone else told me once that for an istj i sound like an nf . it is all making more sense to me now . it's an odd thing to realise and to factor in the things that until now i just ... yes , please . thank you :) i have started watching the way of the dream films . i have always listened to my dreams since i was a child , it is a topic i find really fascinating , thanks for the ... i think i am experiencing that now . i am in my early 30ies . as i experience it , it's like natural life experiences , e . g . marriage , children , career etc . automatically push you to confront more and ... i am in my 30s too and asking those same questions of myself . it is funny because i have always asked those questions but they have come up in a new kind of way recently . i am reassessing things in a ... i was thinking about this last night and i think you are right . the way i am with my husband and children , for example , is very different from the way i am when i am physically around my parents . i ... thanks : happy : that's kind of you to say . yes , i was going more by outward behaviour . i'm not very well versed in the functions in a theoretical way . i find jung's descriptions difficult to ... so y'all think i'm an enfp ? someone else in the enfp forum thinks so too . that makes me feel like , aaarrrggh ! ! : shocked : my family is very corporate , business , high performance , non-emotional , ... thanks , but i'm pretty sure i'm a 7 . 7 is connected to 5 and 1 so i think that is where the seriousness comes from . i had to draw on a lot of seriousness and reflection to cope with things growing ... ok , i am reposting this here from the enfp forum at the suggestion of owfin . i'm having doubts about my typing as istj and would appreciate input . apart from once i have always tested as istj ... oh , there's no way i could be an isfj . i am really not service-oriented in that way or very dependent . i wouldn't say that i do this . i have a bad memory for physical details . i generally ... i would just hire someone to do all that stuff for me . if i were rich . too bad i don't value material wealth . i guess i'm stuck doing it myself . what a bore . i'd rather think . only if we do so in front of a mirror so i can get a good objective view of the whole thing . ( ooh , i feel bad ) i'm having doubts about my typing as istj and would appreciate input from the enfp forum . apart from once i have always tested as istj and accepted it but i am now seriously doubting if this is ... based on my personal experience and approach to spiritual growth in my life , i find that other people generally , whether on-line in a forum or offline , are often a hindrance especially when making ... this is how i see the 479 healer , gentle spirit , transforming tritype archetype . it is beautiful , peaceful , gentle but also strong , active and sharp : 32134 gentle and healing but not in ... rationality comes into play in decision making . it doesn't make the feeling of the instinct less strong . you'll still feel the so impulse , but rationality is about making the best objective choice ... you're so full of it , chicken liver a * * s * * * ! go ahead and shoot me a * * * ! ! you think you can control me ? ! no way i'm meeting you at 8 ! no one can ever take away my freedom ! ! ! context is important , yes . but i think with enneagram it is more fruitful to take your time to get to know the system as a whole , soak it in , talk to people who knew you at different times in your ... i don't think it's about suppressing yourself . the way you describe it makes it sound very black and white . being healthier involves being able to make freer choices for your overall well-being . our ... look at it this way , if we do get kidnapped we'll have a great story to tell once we get back home . well , as long as there are ten or fifteen other people who've written to confirm they'll be there , i'm in . agh , kids these days . * shakes head * oh yay , it's another 7 . what do you wanna do ? i'm up for anything . left or right ? let's flip a coin . ooooh , it's heads , so we're going left , together , sharing the wonderful experience waiting for us ! oh look at that poor child . how she resonates with the unmet needs of my own inner child . the tears flow bitterly and silently down my cheeks . the world is so harsh and unfeeling . my inner child ... you are an evil , selfish , silly person . i just don't understand how people like you think . i have a real problem with your behaviour . i can't take you seriously but it's bothering me so much ... oh , ... yes , i also think that a lot of descriptions can be very misleading . i think the enneagram is a fantastic system but it is difficult to put into words since it is more to do with a wholistic system ... mostly ( c ) ... because you want to point out something they do that annoys you , or something negative about them , in a way that would be more easily received , or vent it in a jesting fashion ? your feelings are completely normal when you start to see the bigger picture and how we are trapped by a sick system . it would be abnormal not to be repulsed . i personally have hope and belief in a ... for me , the best and most satisfying friendships are with girls , but rare to come by , while guys are generally easier to get along with and be friends with than girls but it's more superficial , ... i relate a lot to jung's description of the si type as being driven by the intensity of the subjective sensation excited by the objective stimulus . i have strong subjective reactions to things , i ... personally , i don't think 13 is too young to deal with death . i don't know your particular situation though . why do you think it would be such an issue for her mental health ? in my opinion , when it comes to long-term compatibility and ideology and values i don't think looking into mbti type is very helpful . i see values and ideology as more determined by individual choice ... i don't understand your point . my point was not about whether or not istjs like rules . i was addressing the original comment about how god should have laid out something like the 10,000 ... in the view of certain other religions god did lay out a large number of practical rules for daily living , e . g . judaism and islam , which both recognise abraham and the original abrahamic law even if ... i love entps ! i am married to one :) i know one or two other people i suspect are entps . i like entps because , based on my personal experience , they are curious about people and curious about how ... yes , they can read people well . most of the time i found the observations shared by the infj i know very helpful . they were mostly intended to give me another perspective on myself for the sake of my ... well , i don't approach people like in the op ! sure , istjs can be abrupt and blunt . and they make lists , but more to-do lists or lists for self-organisation . i meant that in my experience with ... if you're really worried about it , you could just ask the professor if it's ok and what the limit is . personally , i don't see anything wrong with basic proofreading , e . g . grammar , spelling , this ... i haven't been on percafe very long , so i don't know about the observations made in the op . but i think it should be noted that different forums on the internet can have a very different feel to ... i am istj happily married to an entp . i find we work pretty harmonically as a team because one person's weaknesses are the other's strengths , e . g . his optimism and playfulness lighten up my ... hello and welcome to the forum :) i can totally relate to being too serious and not fitting in , etc . i became much less serious since i married the entp who is now my husband , lol . and i discovered a new silly side to me when our ... it could be lots of different reasons depending on the person and context . i really couldn't say generally . even if i am bored though i normally try to be polite and still pay attention . gosh . well , i'm sure dinners at your house are all very polite and everyone helps tidy up :) i'm a hugger too . didn't use to be as a kid but was trained by the various fs i got to know as a i grew ... well , i'm not a man for starters :) i won't go into the details of what happened with my infj best friend , the issues were very particular . but we had various serious talks about the problems so she ... '