' great . i already have pretty thin hair . i guess i'll just wear wigs when i'm old . sent from my lg-d 850 using tapatalk no matter how hot it is , i have to sleep with socks on . i don't like feeling the sheets against my bare feet . sometimes i've fallen asleep for the whole night on top of my bed with a blanket on me ... lelhttps :/ / uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20170821/42ca159f14aaa10a2f57e8f8426c430e.jpg sent from my lg-d 850 using tapatalk i prefer large dogs , but my dog is more medium / large , i guess . i think she weighs around 60 lbs . sent from my lg-d 850 using tapatalk i talk to my pets all the time . for one thing , i tell my old tabby cat all the time to get off the ( kitchen ) table . sent from my lg-d 850 using tapatalk lolwut sent from my lg-d 850 using tapatalk how is this possible ? i don't have a y chromosome ! sent from my lg-d 850 using tapatalk while i don't take infowars as gospel , they present information that the msm wouldn't care talk about . here's a new video of theirs stating that the charlottesville rally / protest and others like it ... these protests during the past few years are a great divide and conquer tactic . i would not be at all surprised if they were staged , to some extent . shadilay i had a safe space until trigglypuff ate it . she almost ate me too . i got arrested by the pc police after being reported by some sjws . bastards . may our lord and savior president trump bless his loyal disciples with high energy , self-sufficiency , and delicious memes . ... are you by any chance referring to big hecking group of dang doggos ? sent from my lg-d 850 using tapatalk no , they're corny . where's the poll though ? sorry , duplicate post hmm , that's weird that it would make your hair greasy . i know for me , the acv / water mixture helps make my scalp feel less greasy . i would think that pure acv would , if anything , dry out your hair ! ... omg you're supposed to dilute it with water , or else it will be way too strong ! i do a 50/50 mix of acv and water . not sure if it's necessary , but i use the raw , organic , unfiltered acv with the ... i use a few shampoos in rotation . in fact , i'm only 1 of 4 people in my household who uses our shower , yet at least 80 % of the bath and hair products in and next to the shower are mine . typical ... most of those tumblr gifs , that people use as memes , aren't funny . they're usually of someone just making a small movement or saying a short quote . i would just use a still picture for that . such ... haven't you heard ? the kids nowadays want to slay and have their brows on fleek and their noses snatched or whatever jargon they use . yaaasss ! ! ! i was a cashier at kmart . the store i worked at closed just a few months ago . ha , your job sounds like it would be a nightmare for me . i would never want to work in human resources because i do not enjoy resourcing humans . what kind of industry do you work in ? maybe you may want to switch to an industry with more introverts . i do have some pretty strong political opinions . sjws hate me :P i wear glasses , but outside of the house i normally wear contacts . i'm nearsighted :( 80s baby / 90s kid here . i was born in june 1989 , so at the tail end of the 80s . i don't know about other people my age , but i'm just not interested . i'm not 20 years old anymore , and work is stressful and draining . it doesn't help that i live with my parents , but i should have ... i do like my job , but i would absolutely not do it for free . it can be quite stressful ! no self-respecting human would put themselves through that kind of stress if there wasn't anything in it for ... i submitted my resignation letter to my recruiter last night , and hope i get an answer today . i'm planning to tell my job today , but really would like a date to provide them as to how much longer ... while this company wouldn't offer me the option of working part-time ( since they need phone coverage all day ) , i was thinking that i may get a part-time job if i were to quit this one . if anything , ... i've been a temp at my current job since january , and whenever i've asked my recruiter or my supervisor has asked corporate about me getting hired , there's never a firm answer . i feel like i'm being ... it seems like it's almost impossible to get a job unless someone has a connection within the company . in that case , why do companies even bother advertising job vacancies ? i'm sure most jobs could ... yes ! in fact , for the past year and a half ( actually , almost two years now ) , all but one of my jobs have been through a temp agency . i got a permanent , full-time job through them , but ... i have another grievance . i'm reading about interview advice , and some of it is just unrealistic . when asked how i found the job , what's wrong with saying flat out that i found it from an online ... degree : history mbti : istj do you actually like it / would you rather be doing something else ? : i liked it , but my liberal arts major combined with my inferior social skills means almost zero ... i wonder if there are any introvert-friendly companies i can apply to . just because someone isn't outgoing or easily excitable doesn't mean they wouldn't be good at a job . in fact , a lot of ... could you rephrase your response ? i didn't understand it at all . i'm horrible with abstract ways of speaking , probably why i can't get a job . sent from my lg-d 850 using tapatalk no , except for when i had tried applying for teaching jobs a couple of years ago . ( i'm a certified teacher . ) i gave up after trying for 2 years and getting nothing but a couple of interviews , and ... basically anything in an office ( or limited warehouse exposure ) that i qualify for , given my skills and experience . mostly customer service or administrative support . i've only had a couple of interviews , like for only 10 % of jobs i've applied for , if that . i'm not sure what i'm doing in interviews that they may not like . maybe i'm too polite . _ . but i have ... i've applied for dozens of jobs since december , and i've had a few interviews but no offers . i wonder if there's something wrong with me . i guess i don't come off as being particularly confident or ... but i'm sure you would definitely say that it is not ok that the child died as a result of her husband's behavior ... right ? actually , i think you are just being sarcastic . i should have chosen a different major :( i highly regret my poor decision in major because it is not at all conducive to getting a job . the problem is that i had absolutely no interest in business ... arieslilith in the united states , public university costs about $ 10,000 per year , but the cost is about twice as high for students who choose to live on campus . i paid something like $ 22,000 per ... i think b is good . the hair is braided back away from the face . i wonder if fresh college graduates have always been expected to have some kind of work experience from their undergraduate years . i know that my mom , who graduated from college in the late 70s , had ... i think my smallest classes had a capacity of 15 students , and the largest had 100 . however , the huge classes are lecture halls , and i don't think they would include presentations to the whole ... jcal that sounds brutal . i just want a more or less 9-5 job where i can come in and leave at my designated times , and leave all my work at work . if such a great percentage of the workforce makes a ... wow , i could never work that many hours per day on a regular basis ! what industry do you work in ? '