' i usually hate entp's with a passion : angry : who is this extremely intelligent / amazing stud ? ! ? ! i'd fuck him ! : crazy : i don't understand the reason for this thread ... like the mentions of an antichrist and whatnot , but i will say i've met several pathological liars in my day . welcome : happy : welcome to the forum : laughing : i'll except hug from an enfp girl any day , baby . keep ' em coming . : crazy : everyone / every type has faults . there are of course things that would bother me about the enfp's , but it's not enough to even mention because a lot of the other more insightful intj's have already ... facebook may be distasteful , but isn't this forum ( in a similar way ) just the same ? when you really think about it , both are juvenile if used in that way ... more than half the people on here post ... bio ... you ruined my fun . i wanted to hear it come from the entp's mouth about how irresistible we are : wink : out of curiosity ... why is it that you would like nothing more ? ( or did you state this previously in the thread ? i apologize if i missed it . ) a scale from 1 to 10 ... well , it really depends on the person . if it's a stranger , my empathy is 0 . i could care less about a stranger . when it comes to people i love or a friend ... that's a ... just from my experience , i am unable to get along with entp's . something happens one way or another and i end up hating them with a passion . unfortunately ... i'm 25 . yeah , i'm fuckin ' old ! haha . : tongue : two words ... too emotional . i agree with snowguard . this needs to be taken elsewhere . it's a waste of space ... i don't have but one ... but i'm not sharing it here . it's embarrassing . : sad : well ... for me , i don't nag them . i find that a horrible intrusion of space and a vacuum towards individuality . but i like for them to have a strong , solid personality . i want them to be able to know ... i'll want to know them like the back of my hand before i approach ... and it takes me forever to do this . i think hemo has put it better than i can in words ! she pretty much describes what i do . so if ... i think she knows ... she was just making fun of you , pal . : crazy : haha ! you enfj's are hilarious . i love you guys ! god fucking damn ! my fi is showing again ! ! ! :d ry : you dirty , dirty man ! now i'm officially creeped out ... stalker ! : unsure :: confused :: crying : okay , okay ! you will all get a chance to have a turn ! but i'm sorry bio ... if i had to choose , i'd have to pick evan . he's just simply irresistible ! ! ! : wink : roflmfao ! officially , i've added ... mostly esfp ... infp ... enfp ... : crazy : and esfj's i think ... most of the time they seem more scared of me than they like me though . lol the rest of the people that have been interested in me i ... it's funny because i almost posted this ... ( he's another character that i can relate to . ) ironic ? ... i would guess intp . i find this thread ironic ... i don't really like facial hair . and i grow a beard every five seconds because i'm italian ... it sucks . :d ry : hemo ! yeah , you guys have to put up with me for a little while longer ... : crazy : this guy mostly ... mixed with ... ... i'm an 8w7 . crying doesn't sound as unusual to you as you make it out to be . it seems to me you cry a healthy amount ( by f standards ) . i would never cry for my hypothetical girlfriend and i would never cry in ... hold on ... an intj that's secretive about thinking he's superior ? ? ? i have two esfp friends and i love them . we clash very often , but we also have our good moments too . i have noticed that esfp's ... * willingly cuts hand open to appease trekiael , tracing my name out in blood on the contract binding me to estj's forever . * wait , what ... have ... i ... done ? ! ? ! ? : shocked : serious part of the ... you have to be a masochist to like estj's ? sign me up : wink : on a serious note , i don't know any estj's and i would be interested in knowing the explanation of this particular comment you've made . hello trekiael and welcome to the forum ! : happy : you took the words straight outta my mouth ! ! ! never been a truer statement . hemo ! i adore you as well ... gah ... my fi is showing again ! fuck . : blushed : and nice answer . lol . that's a negative . i don't like partying at all . unless it's with my closest friends . but even then , it can be annoying and tiring to me . i stole this idea from the infj forum because i thought it would be interesting to hear the intj response to the subject since we tend to be stereotyped along the lines of narcissistic . ( i ... i've been meaning to post a thread such as this ! thanks , ohsolovely ! i have a best friend that's an enfj . i both hate and love him . haha ! mostly the latter though . he has his moments when he gets ... hum ... no . welcome to the forum , estp : laughing : i normally wouldn't admit this ... but i like to cuddle . so sue me ! : tongue : from what you've list as characteristics ... this person is not an entj ! and why would you even question this in your mind from these things ? on the entj's behalf , i'm insulted you think they are ... mother-esfp father-entj i'm an only child ... so that's it . heh . this is a good one : happy : i think some people feed off of the attention that's given to them , like your suicidal friend . once they have what they want from you , or simply just get bored , they will leave and move on to the ... though i've never known an intj in real life , i've actually found this to be quite common ... at least on this forum . but i don't have an other insight beside that . sorry and good luck with your ... my best friend is an enfj ... he's a leo . what does this have to do with typing ? any conclusions ? : mellow : nice to have more entj's on the forum ! welcome : happy : '