' sorry i can't respond lollicat at length but just wanted to say after reading your post , i really wish you and your isfp guy the best . sounds beautiful and honest what you have . i'm only just coming ... hello hello.hello everyone ! love all thesr replies ! unfortunately havent had my laptop ( at repairs ) and want to reply ( type ) properly . using mobile and its a pain ! read all your responses though ! ... btw he studied psychology at university . he said he didn't take it as seriously as he should've though . duplicate post oh wow this is so helpful and insightful . thanks :) tbh , i don't ask him questions at all , well .. tell a lie , when we first met we were having dinner and he was sort of facing sideways at the ... hi , hope i've posted this in the right place . forgive me if i haven't . been seeing this guy for 2 months . its strange , i don't know what to call it , guess it's too early for that . anyhow , we ... when you don't know who you are when you're being misunderstood 90 % of the time when you try to explain to an extrovert why you're comfortable being alone for long periods of time , and then ... been seeing a lovely guy for about 6 weeks , all premature so still sort of finding out about each other . i think he's very intriguing and i've just got to say it , the sex is something else . i ... hi , i've been seeing a guy , presumably an infp . definitely introverted though , as he proclaimed so .. i've noticed he is more distant than guys i've been dating before , and that's fine and i get ... hey thanks chanteuse i take it all on board , some valid points you've made there , and i'll put into practice nect time i'm in a similar situation :) i think the reason why i didn't excuse ... heaps of info there , and i'm taking it all on board . will look into the type therapists you mentioned . sounds interesting .. yea regarding my father , sometimes it frustrates me that he doesn't know ... ah thanks sygma . appreciate your input :) thank you razare , really helped ! :) that machine gun / verbal bones analogy , i so get it ! normally i shrink and really go inside myself at those moments , and then i sometimes don't even make sense when i speak because i've been mulling ... rethink hey , thanks . a lot to take in there , food for thought ! i'll get back properly , jsut haven't had the time to ! thanks again ! :D yes , i actually feel drained even just thinking about having to contribute to a convo let alone actually saying something .. yea , i get the bitch or shy thing . i may come across like i'm ... thanks for the recommendation :) thank you for this , sooo relate ! god it nearly brings tears to my eyes knowing that i'm not the only one who feels like an oddball in these situations ! yep , as yourself , trying to come to terms ... this rings true with me .. all of it . hi , so , went out for family dinner yesterday . after the dinner , i was told by my father that i act distant , like i'm daydreaming ( sometimes i wonder if anyone in my family actually know me :( ) ... hey , thanks all . haven't checked this ( duplicate ) thread in a while , but appreciate all responses and hijacks ; 0 edited * effin ell you are a bit of an a-hole aint ya ! ( your words , not mine ) i don't like games ... i like directness , whether the outcome ends in tears or not . plus , as a girl ( actually i'm a ... aha ! thanks for that ... yes i thought as much , i really see dedication , especially where his two lovely little boys are concerned and it is admirable and commendable . it's good to see someone have ... hey it's ok ... food for thought there , thank you ! :) yes , i mean , can he wait that long ? well , obviously i guess . i am yearning to see him , i haven't pestered or pressured him in any way though , just sort of following his cues ... trying to stay cool and ... hi guys , sorry to be a bother , but this was a message from him today as a response to me asking him out on a 2nd date , seeing as he intitiated the 1st one .. heya xxx yeah , i'd love to j . my ... garet that's cute .. : happy : mystikro insightful , thank you ! : happy : jebediah thanks ! you've given me more to think about ! : rolleyes :: happy : antipode interesting ... thanks ! thanks very helpful . one more question - have you ever made a girl wait during the early stages of dating , even if you liked her a lot ? lad thank you that was really helpful ! edited * because wrong forum much appreciated :) definitely has some serious mental issues ... wow i'm sure you are .. and i stand corrected . apologies jeb : unsure : oh thank you guys for the messages ! i've only skimmed through them as at work but will reply tonight ! thank you ! : wink : i also don't think he's intj ... he's way to feely , overtly feely . i mean i didn't epect him to spill all that out .. it's like he kept it in , and i prompted him , then it all gushed out . well , i'm ... ok i have news people . i have goood news ! i finally pulled my thumb out my arse and was direct . i whatsapped him an hour ago and i started off by saying was thinking ... do you wanna ... for me , it's like if i get an inclination that a person isn't interested , i tend to go cold on them , forget them , cut em off , move on ... i'm nearly at that point , basically . i'm not a mind ... ha ! wow , ok ... that's pretty effed up ! wow ... i'm actually stunned . well , i guess i'm sane then , lol ... ;D hello , interested to know how you approach dating ? if you really like someone , do you make the first move ? how are you through online messaging ? are you spontaneous in the dating process ? can you ... i think nobodys actually fully sane . i think we all like to believe we are . those girls you mentioned ... do sound a bit mental . i'm fully aware that i can be needy , and i'm working on that , but i ... wouldn't say i'm insecure . i am self assured at times , but yea i do feel attached or cling to a person once i've got physical with them , and yep even a deep kiss can do that ! for me anyway ! i know ... : 0 i do want to physically see him . but we're 120 miles apart and i know he has the kids only at weekends , work during week and bla bla . he'd have to really plan to come down to my city ... how to switch feelings off .. being told you sometimes seem disconnected from whats going in that moment .. ( this was at work ) thanks for the tips ! :) thanks for that . well , as mentioned in previous posts , my issue is fear of rejection - very guarded with experssing how i feel too soon , but i know at least if i know he isn't interested i can move ... '