' i don't mess with people's minds , but i'm not above playing the odd practical joke , as long as it is harmless and all in fun . and i do the dry humour thing . basically , istj people can be fun ! ... not dogs , but i am definitely like that with cats , i have two cats . i don't order burgers , but i do sometimes like to make my own from beef mince and various other ingredients . i always eat with a knife and fork unless i'm eating a non knife and fork food such as ... you are to us istj's ! : wink : however , i was marked wrong based on the professor's intuitive ideas about the answer . appealing this exam will make the difference in my grade ... any advice would be helpful istjs don't follow ... sounds great , i could do with a job as i am unemployed . how do i go about applying for the position of battlestar commander ? ? what are the terms , conditions and benefits ? ? company car ( or ... not autistic , because someone who is autistic cannot learn to overcome their problems . what you are describing sounds very familliar to me as i used to be like that as a young man . however , unlike ... sorry , but ugh , i don't like piercings ! and i don't see the point in tatoos ! just personal preference but i will never get any piercings or tattoos . i have friends to do with various parts of my life . for example , friends from where i used to work . friends to do with my music / band activities , friends in the classic car club that i'm a member of ... you have to be joking ? ? or trolling . the problem is you not your istj house mate : - most people are intimidated by me and quickly yield in fear of my dominating tendencies , obsession with ... in the early episodes of the original series , spock was most definitely istj , albeit an extreem one ! allegedly , later on he became intj , but i have yet to see this and if so , this is a product of ... as well as some of the things mentioned above ... boosts to my self esteem come from things i achieve and am successful in - usually through my hard work and determination . one small example , i took ... i never liked disney films or any kids films . as a child during the 1970 ' s i was very interested in the war , particularly wwii and i always wanted to stay up and watch war films . so that would ... don ; t worry , i'm not being up tight , in fact i think the op was being serious and i was just joking with you with my post . my so is also an sj and a lot of trouble ! have you seen how spock ... but i've decided that i won't pursue accounting as a career ... only as a back up if entrepreneurship / traveling / teaching abroad doesn't work out . good plan , btw i only half thought you were ... as the op was only half joking / half trolling , i have only half reported them to the moderators . i don't have any ne hidden away . i read about the e the i the s the n the t the f the j and the p and concluded i am lucky to have the best combination . i cannot see the practical application of ... if the op is trolling then they should be banned . what evidence do you have for this transgression of forum ettiquette ? ? should we report them to the moderators ? ? being an sj can be a great thing ... if it don't fit don't force it ! you are trying to be something you are not and it won't work long term , a sure recipe for unhappiness . i am an istj and i hate accountancy . i did actually work as ... same here , a necessary evil . i can do it but don't like accountancy . not necessarily true - i worked as a trainee accountant for two years and absolutely hated it ! love it ! i'm a big cat fan , have two of them . they feed my introverted f side . and i feed them . just wanted to say your new avatar mad me chuckle ! nice one ... : laughing : it is a lol cats i ... good ! sounds like you have an answer . a couple of observations : - i don't know if this is an istj trait , but i absolutely hate being put under pressure where relationships are concerned , it is the ... he has said pretty much exactly what i have said - just concentrate on your studies and stay in contact but lay off the pressure . at the right point in the future ( as i have said ) he may be open to ... i agree ! all this politically correct bullying / nit picking is a pet hate of mine . from my experience , istj - istj would lose interest in each other / be a bit freaked out and not be sure why ! as you've both been dating other people , this is not good for getting back into a relationship with an istj as we do not like grey areas . we value loyalty in relationships . i think the best thing ... hello skitzabeth , there is always hope , however , you cannot change the mind of an istj with your logic , once he has made his mind up he cannot be swayed by arguments . he has to want to get back in a ... i think niss was trying to communicate that female istj's can seem irrational to male istj's because being female they are naturally more intuitive and feeling than a male istj . i believe it is to do ... i did this test , but i don't fully understand the results to my satisfaction . what , for example is the difference between an introverted and extroverted function ? why , when i have 10 % intuition ... no , it is not possible to type someone unless they take a personality test . and someone's star sign and whether they are religious or not has no bearing on anything . true aquarian star sign - ... i just knew his car would be a porsche ! a very istj luxury / performance car to own . i love them , i have a porsche myself but it is a twenty year old model that i am restoring . but i am not a ... a resting pulse of 66 bpm for my age is above average to good fitness ! which i'm pleased about as i definitely don't do enough excercise . must be redisual fitness from when i used to do a lot of ... yes , i agree with the comments that he is going to have to help himself . and being an istj , what is going to help him the most is practical down to earth steps . getting a new job is a great but ... if you can , have a quiet word with your supervisors manager , without your supervisor knowing . he will get reprimanded for breaking the rules and as he has told others ( those involved ) he will not be ... lol ! at least the original poster is polite , that is a plus point when trying to impress an istj . yes , i agree , intelligence is attractive . don't need to be robotic about it , just let them know you are not going to take any crap . at the point the salesman has started to get aggressive , i know then i don't want to buy from him , so another ... you like us because ... we're good at keeping you guessing ! : wink : as for me getting nervous , i have had plenty of practise of turning nerves - stage nerves - to my advantage from playing many live bands over the years . to the extent that my mind is now sharpened by ... just ask her if she'd like a piece of your sausage no , the way to deal with this type of situation is to think afterwards what you would have said . then after a while of imagining these witty ... i've always been interested in cars . in my case a man and his five machines ! ! ! : crazy : looks like you niss are the only one interested so i will pm you some details and spare boring everyone else . thanks , i think i might start a seperate thread , if i post here folk might think that i consider the car my so ! : blushed : nobody stole my heart as last time i checked i have a resting pulse of 66bpm , and i am still alive so i can be confident that i still have it . : wink :: wink :: crazy : person's gender is directly underneath their avatar on the panel on the left . 10w30 isnt that used in aircooled vw's ? ? i will post something about my restoration projects - maybe of limited interest to most here , so i will send you some stuff by pm if you would prefer . ... i don't think there is such a thing as destiny . we make our own destiny . yes , after a relationship has ended it is sad and you miss the other person and the things you used to do with them in the ... that is the least of the problems with that film ! actually that film is not as bad factually and historically as some i can think of , but it is the unlikely story of poor artist seducing rich high ... yes , i even do this in supposedly factual programs on the tv , so i only ever watch documentaries and motoring programs . i recently saw a series of documentaries on the sas , including very good ... thanks everyone ! some great comments . i can see that spotting every error in every film is an istj trait . maybe hollywood could do with employing us as continuity experts . by the way , i can usually ... i still have a lot of really old t-shirts from rock band gigs from years ago . : crazy : my girlfriend is trying to get me to throw them away : wink : it is too expensive to go and see a gig now , over £ 100 ... i have some unusual istj traits and when it comes to buying something i come across as a bit more estj . so yes , i like to get money off something or on the other hand see how cheeky i can get with ... '