' i don't seem to attract anyone . unless i am too oblivious to see if one is attracted to me . :/ i asked someone whom i have known for a while if she would like to get a coffee . i guess you can expect what the result was . makes me wonder why i even bother . :/ i may have other prospects but see ... ohoh great . i think i like yet another girl ... $ #it . not like i know how this will turn out ... she may know i exist ... :/ a double edged sword drinking is . i admit i've been doing a lot of drinking lately . probably too much . hell perhaps one drink is too much , who knows ! ? but screw this . i want to attempt to stop or ... i am actually lonely . being around certain people make me feel even more lonely . there are times i feel broken . i have been drinking more and more . it don't seem to help . i don't feel normal ... i have / am . and it sucks . see confessions ... improperly calibrated monitors ... i have been living on my own for for a while now . it sucks . it really does . not because i can't make payments but because there is no point . thats right . no fucking point . for what purpose does ... i don't need a day sat aside for me to be a sap . just need someone worth being a sap for . been a while since my last confession ( s ) ... - sometimes i do wonder if i am truly an actual intp . i am often very very indecisive can't even decide what to eat most times . perhaps i am more infp ... ... there is a good chance that you are drunk . or high ... or both . right now ... just talked with my friend . she still has not popped i told her that i'd thought different perspectives about the whole situation . and really , it is a different perspective . to see a friend bring ... not sure where to dump this one ... my friend is about to give birth . she is about to bring another life into this messed up world . i met her ( though i knew about her for a while ) at work . i have ... you have pondered getting an fmri just to see what the damn scan of your brain looks like as you wonder about stuff like this i dont even know if i am a real intp . i don't know what i am half if not most of the time . perhaps confused . i don't know . that's what i do seem to know ... i dont know i wish i could download books and texts straight to my brain . it'd be so much more efficient then reading them . how'd you reach that conclusion ? unrequited love is all that i shall know i've fallen for a few teachers . would've been nice , maybe ive would have stayed in school . i think i may have drank too much #istheresuchathing ? sadly there seems to be nothing else to do and social anxiety has kept me from doing much . i wouldn't know if someone was into me even if she ... i've been drinking too much lately and many times its still not enough . it sucks too because it just exacerbates things / / i miss a few people . / / i fear i am going to be alone forever . i thought i was the only one . * snif * aw shit ... ( d ) strange how some people can have dreams , aspirations , plans for life while others , full of strife , just drift aimlessly amidst the background in some haphazard chaos . perhaps those who drift in ... i've has my own place and have not has any girls over for sexy time :( yet another day wasted . nothing to do . making nothing of my self . destroying brain cells in the process . no idea where to go or even how to start . my first day off work in nearly a week . i have not ... i have made a couple of , i guess what could loosely be called female friends . at times they make me feel funny on the inside . uuuuhhh ... it could be very well that i've miss typed myself ... why do my friends have more belief in me then i have in myself ? i don't like asking for help . it makes me feel uncomfortable . i am venting a bit to a friend and i feel like shit for doing so , like i am just dumping on her as if i am just some kind of sissy who ... you are making coffee at almost 130 in the morning . cause you are drunk . ain't it sad that the liquor store employees and the bartenders at the local pub know me and don't even id me anymore ? ahhh chaaange ! ! ! just kidding . good idea ! a sticky index for all the once sticky threads . this chicken salad looks like cat food when opened . * ponders the odds of a mislabel * hmmm ... anyone use or try tinder ? maybe i should give it a try , you know , after i have had a few drinks ... if only the sims did not make it look so easy ... i don't even know if i could be considered an intp any more . or if i ever was . / / i need to start getting out more . so , i am sitting here thinking , after having a few drinks and i can't help but wonder . i don't know anyone . all of my socializing comes from work , and those people , incidentally are unavailable . too ... worst part of living alone so far ? dishes ... strelok check out a book called loneliness : human nature and the need for social connection so far , at least for me , its been an interesting read . well , a bit of good news i guess . i did actually go out last night . i did run into the cute bartender . i did get a little loosened up and was able to talk with her a little bit because it was slow ... how come almost anyone i meet is in their early to mid 20s when i am almost twice that age ? cute bartender 22 an into biology ! likes to get out to walks ! too busy with school and serving my happy ... absolutely . examples ? look for me in the dating thread ... : unsure : i thanked your post because it resides similarly to me . i think at this point in my life i am just doomed to loneliness , almost to the fact the the universe don't think my genetics has any prospect ... my most persistent relationship ? chronic loneliness . there . i said it . thought about another possible prospect . shoulda known better ... is it possible to export my pms to my computer for printing ? like a one button click or do i have to go through each one , one by one and select all , save and paste somewhere else ? work for money seeker , hon , sorry about this new guy ! i sent you a pm about my situation . sad times ( i'm a little drunk ) makes me wonder if i am meant to be alone . i probably should not think like this . i just ... so i actually tried to chat with the cute bartender who evidently transferred in from another location . only to be interrupted by someone else and our drowned out by the loud music and ambiant noise ... '