' i've gotten to the point where i'm rather comfortable and happy with myself . it wasn't always that way , it took many hard years to get to where i am now , but , while i'd obviously like to work on some ... wow , what a subject ... and one of my favorites ! romance is more vague to me i think . also more in the hands of the romancer , so more inclined to the first stages of a relationship . what i mean is ... thinking about talking to my girl after work makes me smile :p roud : 46 , so about average , but the questions were confusing like some others said , but whatever :P i'm most definetely a meat chomping carnivore . i understand veganism as well , on a nutritional and moral level , but i don't think i could ever give up the flesh . i just enjoy it too much . i like that i remember things that most people wouldn't . i take no small measure of pride in that . i like that i want things badly , but i'm in tune enough with the moment that i don't worry myself ... as i think i've mentioned previously , mostly writing , a lot of poetry , but some narrative as well . i'm pretty comfortable and confident in it , and it helps me understand myself and what i'm feeling ... my boss calling john mayer john gayer made me smile today . :P totally this ! even when it comes to the writing part . well i don't know about the self-help book thing , i've never tried that for myself so i can't say . but yeah , i will just go for a walk in the ... i would definitely say not to involve the ex in any way whatsoever . that may just make it more real to him , instead of just an idea . even if it were to crush hope etc . you want to completely ... i just started it myself , but what dreams may come sounds like it's about right for what the op is looking for . it takes place almost entirely in the protagonist's mind . if you've seen the movie ... i do thoroughly enjoy art , but i'm not fanatical about it . i could spend all day in an art museum , but i'd be just as happy at a history museum . i think i enjoy the aestetics of every day things just ... as someone who was married to someone with bi-polar ( haven't settled on a type for her , but i lean towards enfj ) i strongly agree with this . if she didn't have her meds , she was nonfunctional and a ... omg yes ! ! ! i love love it ... and screw recipes ! ! i want to give my own little spin to it , i'm constantly experimenting with new spices and flavors , and i want people to love it to pieces ! i want to ... a combination of what's already been said here . feeling like i'm understood , accepted for who i am , and appreciated for the little things i try to do for her . that's huuuge ! also simple small ... mutts ! ! ! i like medium size , about aussie shepherd size ( and some aussie mixed in there would be great too ) , and perhaps a little terrier mixed in there too as i really like the terrier temperament ... hi there , as i say on my profile , i'm pretty new to the personality types , but it's uber interesting , and i hope to use it to find more about myself and how to deal with people around me better . ... first of all , i'm very new here , and i strongly suspect i'm isfp after a few tests and reading about their behavoir characteristics . just not willing to declare that yet until i get more information ... '