' i keep forgetting that hannibal is k-villain-guy : ghost 3 : he was poorly underused here to the point where after i watched it for the first time , his existence fell out of my mind . this role seems to ... cow i think i tuned out most of what k-villain-guy said because he thought that anything good could ... i've missed what the chatter about and don't care to go through the pages so on some of the stuff that might seem like te . the time he meets tilda for the first time . i mean , i doubt that i ... strange - estp . i could maybe see estj ( in socionics terms , they have same dimensionality but it's arranged in different way ) but ntp ? c'mon , guys . tilda - nfj , i want to say enfj before infj ... no . type shows not in one specific scene , it's always there . she does not show ni dominance anywhere else . magical powers are no se , making majestic art is not se . having a mental breakdown after ... reaching waaay too hard . not everything is functions - neither irl nor in fiction . it's a pretty children's cartoon , they made the scene look cool because it's a grand number of a star singer they ... my stepdad is likely istj and yes , he is very fluffy humorous person . likely because he is 3 times my age and we have no interest in common so our relationships are stilted and i can't be 100 % ... first all , when it comes to typology , i ’ ve moved away from actual people to spherical humans of uniform density suspended in zero-g vacuum . they don ’ t complain and just float there performing all ... i wonder if it's just general penchant of pe-ness . ... ehehe , read it outloud . belle intj and jasmine intp in the chart tho : ' ' ' ) problem with these charts it that one has to fill all the squares so it just turns into i must complete it somehow so i'm gon just pick one ... ixfp , if fp . i don't see high tx in your post . western bird forums are ridiculously unhelpful - just bunch of people being excited about their birds . nburns i'm telling ya , it's a cure in a way that it's making you feel less nausea . other ... yes , works for me . polish is kinda like that to me too . picking some bulgarian bit there too . i only know russian , ukrainian and english . :| and bulgarian and polish a bit . later mostly due to knowing ukrainian . imagine drinking the pickle water on the empty stomach a morning after you ... kinda depends tbh . high acid food gives me the ... apparently it's called heartburn in english . that being said , pickle water contains salt , vinegar and soda . and garlic and a bit of other spices ... i often don't notice them when i am engaged in something interesting . i only realize i'm tired , in pain and dehydrated when i come home and have nothing else to distract me . also it's because ... i reverse-searched curi's avatar and daily cat drawings oh my god all the cats . crap , i want a cat now . heat is terrible and i had to spend most of the day out in the sun . and then 2 hours in bed with headache . also dehydrated . i always remember that dehydration is a thing only afterewards . oh , i ... space epic simulator . 4x technically but more civ than rts . the mods ofr this game on steam are stellar . hehe stellaris on steam or get annoyed by everybody who misses opportunity to play salty ... woooh ! figured out which mod is broken out of 30 - something by sheer fucking guessing and it took me only 3 and a half hours - turning off any of big gameplay changing mods did nothing to my game ... this patch broke mods badly . but i can't live without my 30 + mods . trying to weed out the one that kills the game . do you know any salty batman let's play ? don't want to pirate > _ < eh , in soase you don't need to micromanage ships , it's quantity > quality . as is sollaris , although later is mostly civ in space rather than any sort of rts . stellaris replaced soase : r for me since ... stellaris . i'll play everything that has space in it . i like me some global resource management games , yes . [ double ] point of personal pride - this colony in this system ... ok , i started second game on stellairs . with 5000 stars . as a human species . not xenophiliac pacifists this time so i'll go on fuck up some neighboring species . i don't believe that a single human can carry understanding of everything ( yet , anyway , without some serious transhumanism ) but science is about collective knowledge anyway . that list we are debating ... watching enterprise is making me into a bitter woman . also i did not eat today at all . i should rectify that . of course we are not , the society just changed it's priorities and values . it's easy to argue that we are better purely because now on the global scale we value individualism and person freedom and ... these statements are generalized and thus open to wide variety of interpretations which is aimed to make any person feel good about how they are definitely not doing ... bby same . what the fuck . ugh , i didn't play and cry is playing ... boring bruce . i want that salty sarcasm in my batman .  ... i consciously decide to value other people's lives and well-being which is based on understanding that other people's lives and well-being is a thing that exists and can be affected by my actions . ... i can't handle enterprise even with grumpy bitter man's commentary over it . o_o and i agree :D goddammit . dc comics * sin counter goes up * my 16 % must be due to pink accessories . found a way to watch enterprise without wanting to strangle a puppy - star trek ( ent ): broken bow yes , grumpy bitter man , guide me through this . what the fuck i ’ ll ... i''m gon be like crazy cat lady but with birbs . not gonna lie , bickering amuses me . and it's all bickering to me until people start using slurs . so , looking at suicide squad reviews , i'll watch ss on camrip , and go see beyond for the second ... i've never doubted my heart-fix much - neither 2 nor 4 fit at all . i'm so going to get second birb this year . or next , depending on availability of lutino puppers . and a budgie . budgie after the lutino pupper . shh , don't doubt tumblr's pokemon-tested method . ah , another intj . pokemon confirmed . lets mosey owlet tad cooper got tired of waiting for dad to change my malfunctioning ceiling lamp ( been waiting a year ) and decided fuck it , i'll keep and eye on him so i let harley out . he ... not according to tumblr . also i'm a confirmed estj now . ^ i ’ m genuinely thinking it had ... barakiel owlet throw me onto an uninhabited planet alone just don ’ t lock me up in a place with other people . : laughing : oh bear dis good lets mosey kirk and his shirts ... the story follows junpei , a college student who is abducted along with eight other people and forced to play the nonary game , which puts its participants in a life-or-death situation , to escape ... steam workshop :: isb standalone - doomsday weapons & ships ... '