' i've never come across an entp irl , so i could say the same of entps . entps in the bay area : holler which of the four are you ? do you see any correlations between your habit type from gretchen's ideas and your type six characteristics ? her mentioning an ex is a red flag . was it a freudian slip , or was it a conversation topic ? i can only guess she has emotional baggage from not being over her ex . if i were in your position , i ... i'm trying to imagine what your preferences are , and i also cannot help interjecting my own preferences , lol . there's no ' right ' answer to this , but i'll randomly throw out : try messaging her in ... this was a cute read for me , thanks for sharing ( aside from the heartache i imagine you may be experiencing ) . i really just wanted to speak to your own insecurities . this is a story coming from ... hahah , you mentioning you have the entj preference gives me more fuel and a gps to hypothesize . this is supposed to be enneagram-related , so i'll try to not interject myers-briggs ideas too-too much ... i , too , get super anxious when i'm in a crowd of people . i'm trying to think about what's type six specific , though , since i can imagine a general introvert having a similar anxiety among a crowd of ... i like the theory ! i don't put focus on being phobic / counterphobic - largely because i am oblivious . i was not aware i had this fear related to being a type six when i was younger - for me , i only ... sp / sx female usa , ca in summary , my conscious self sees the first ~ 25 years of my life as living more in fear and the last ~ five years as living more in anger . i mostly lived in fear during ... are you into enneagram theory ? i've been trying to get into enneagram theory , especially delving into the psyche of enneagram personalities i don't have in my tritype , but reading your thoughts ... i have an entj supervisor , who i like and respect , and my psyche hears him saying , where is your project plan ? where are you at on your project ? define your outcome and work backwards from there ... eh , i've got the infj preference and am ocd about paying bills , even way before it's due . i don't think what you're feeling about your roommate is an enfp thing , though . my brother has , i believe , ... i hate when people intrude into my emotional territory . if i were in your position , i would be blunt with the dude and literally say , if you continue like this , i will cut communication with you , at ... for me , i'm not sure i've ever been obsessed with a tangible .. hobby for me to feel like i've plateau . one impression i gather from your chess experience reminds me of competition and the idea of ... i just came from the enfp threads and saw you asked this question there , but i will respond here because i am infj . a majority of the people i interact with who are my age are more night owls , if ... i am asian ! how has the mbti become useful and important to you ? just curious ! what is your mbti ? what country / state are you currently living in ? after posting , i see a similar thread : ... the title of this thread on its own is a sweeping generalization that i think is unfair to the sj temperament . i'm reminded of an idea from sociology , the sociological imagination - public / societal ... my interpretation of the last sentence by the thread-starter that people are poking at is a distinction between the dreamers / talkers vs . the doers , and the thread-starter is seeking the latter . i get what you mean ! i think we need some context , first , though ! the context i was thinking of when i wrote my post was with someone you might like-like , so you feel all <3 3 when the person can ... maybe instead of focusing on the extravert vs . introvert and / or feeler vs . thinker difference , you can think about how you and the estp both share the ni-fe-ti-se preference , albeit theirs is ... i don't think i get overwhelmed by extraverted types , but i get intimidated by strong users of extraverted thinking . i don't really care what people think about the way i feel , but i guess i care a ... we talking about physical appearance , aesthetically-speaking ? what is your enneagram type , how confident of the typing are you ? 6w5 , 4w5 , 9w8 90 % confident elaborated : i want an inner sense of peace , which i try to tangibly achieve by building my career , ... why don't people go learn about cognitive functions instead of thinking that all there is to the mbti is the four letters ! uhh , the theory says that enfps use te ( extraverted thinking ) ... 237994 i skim through the threads and become amused . the first thread ( in the image ) contradicts with the last thread ( in the image ) , no ? hahah ! entp seeks ideas to slow down a relationship ... i dunno , speaking for myself , i remember i had really hot and cold behavior . if someone were to look at me from the outside and my behavior or lack of response to the object of my affections ... i think i sometimes have the opposite problem : people think i'm not confident but they don't know that i'm more confident than i would lead them to believe ( might be more enneagram related ) . according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 2.22 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related avoidance score is 1.83 , ... personally , i used to be really , really avoidant . i'd block even the slightest opportunity to take a relationship to the next level ( i let the interaction stay at the acquaintance level ) . i might ... i've never come across one . )= when i am attracted to someone , the giveaway is only to myself , not to the person of interest . i secretly use my sixth sense / intuition - i do not make eye contact because i am hiding my warm ... does not exist . december 252019 : trapped in the chimney.you decide to surprise your family this christmas . you wear your santa suit and climb into the chimney with your bag of gifts . the gifts unfortunately spill ... i wonder if some of it is you having an extraverted persona of yourself and then having an introverted persona of yourself , as if they were mutually exclusive identities to the core of who you are ? ... oh my goodness , you are awesome ! i didn't expect anyone to talk about productivity ( ? ) / project management apps / apps in general . you sort of touched on it ( ability to easily search , filter , total ) , ... random babbling : i went around to all the mbti types in the forum and posted the same questions . i haven't gotten around to the nfs yet , but i don't know why the intp responses is my favorite one ( as ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... i'm curious about time management and how people use their time , so i'm thinking of going around the forums and asking the various mbti personas about how individuals use their precious time and what ... '