' as a psych student , going to uni is not the end of the road and not the beginning either . it is a great place to network and find a job that you are passionate about and love to do . but only if ... tell her to be honest to herself and honestly evaluate the situation . i think people tend to make up lies and fantasies about things to stop themselves from getting hurt . it is a measure of health to ... 1 . get a job ( talk to people , be honest about your situation because it's dire . 2 . find support from someone in the community ( like social services / homelessness prevention , etc ) . 3 . seriously ... these friends you talk about , are doing what's in their own best interest . it's called the self-serving bias , we learn this in psychology . for example , are these friends also friends with the guy ? ... despite the controversies by certain people on this thread , the real answer is often not as controversial , and it is not up to us . again , it is up to the state or the courts , to decide what is right ... that is a misinterpretation and miscommunication on my part . sorry . if anything i meant , ' don't turn into a codependent ' . which can become a problem , for anyone who has gone through abuse or a ... why talk to this person again ? that's like being codependent . answer this , would you ever do that to someone else , if you were in his position ? the thing is he is exactly like you , grew up with ... this is still sexual assault , even if arguably not rape ( although , from what i am hearing from you and sexual intercourse did happen - it is rape ) you are a responsible person . you admit that it is rape , and that it is beyond reasonable doubt . in criminal law , that is enough to suggest that a crime did happen . whether you want to act on it or ... answer the following and you will come to a legal / ethical understanding of this complex situation : 1 ) what would the reasonable person have done in the position of the guy who you slept with ? ... yeah , i've done a course in criminal law , and if i remember correctly , rape and sexual assault are malicious acts which happen as a result of one individual not obtaining consent for a sexual act on ... well , that is very much the same as others . there are many others who are also finding difficulty making sense of all these political events , being so disconnected from each other . you are very much ... that is very unique i think . to think that far ahead , a lot of people do not think that far ahead about what they will do with their life . alongside that , it is very caring and also committed to want ... that's good because that is very loving to want to ' let someone in ' , and you are a very caring and loving person . also , looking at the situation in terms of ' growing a relationship ' is very ... in the particular context , the poster wanted to help a friend who was having difficulties with a variety of personal , work and interpersonal issues . his friend begins to say something like i tried ... okay before we go into this , you do have some control over whether or not you will make the situation better or worse . words have weight in this manner . however , it is good that you want to help ... oh and that's very intellectual , to have such interests as organizing , planning , etc what career do you think would match up to or most closely incorporate the 10 things you've listed ? the degree ... i can't give you a whole fits all solution , though i can try as i have with others on these threads . you are more experienced than i am in many of these things . you are also very unique person , and ... i would also say the second choice is political science or even , international relations . ( although the second is more related to the un , and international law / political organizations , etc ) ... okay ask yourself the two questions ( like i did ) , what are five things you love doing ? what are five things you are good at ? do what is in between the answers of these two questions , because later ... lol i am not a dream interpretation service , but sure i will do yours ... :p roud : the hiking is related to achievement , every step , symbolically relates to getting to a higher position than ... your dream and the enneagram type have common themes , and the drive that i've found in your dream analysis , matches up to the drive for satisfaction that is commonly experienced by type sevens ... that is good because you are open to new experiences and are a keen-eyed and enthusiastic person . i do not have links which can elucidate psychoanalysis , but i do have some materials which can ... say it is true , and you do scare them and then ' don't like you ' , what could you do then ? what would happen afterward ? ( answer this question ) . what could you possibly do next time ? an individual ... that is very interesting . actually , that is somewhat similar to what many other university students experience , they all have problems with voice tone , starting conversations , and issues with ... i have experience with picking apart psychoanalytic themes in a people's thinking , and what i've noticed is that , dreams often convey that ' wish or resolution of the wish ' as stated by freud . by ... thank you for listening . first i'll have to get her to follow through with hanging out again . that's a lot of clarity . oh no , read it again , i was saying something else ( about my perception of her and how ... listen to a lot of pessimistic music and get the bad feelings out , and listen to some dark yet uplifting music , and cry , and acknowledge it is like a phase ( a temporary attitude ) , and you will get ... you're inadvertently telling me to explain why i love someone that i held very close to my heart ( erm not the girl in question this time lol ) there is nothing that is more attractive to me than a ... well , that is important to ' drop all communications ' sometimes , because that means you are self-sufficient and know when to take care of yourself and your own needs as well . and that's also ... hey there , it's my first post here so go easy on me . having being attracted to all things 9 , and having a lot of crushes on girls of this type , i've always had difficulty knowing what the type 9 ... i would say 6 . always looking for support in some form everywhere he goes , whether that is in his family or his house , or any other system . and a 6w7 at that , that's why he's so concern with ... i have ocd ( mostly recovered ) . and it doesnt worry me as much anymore , and it does get better . hang in there . seek help and counseling . particularly what helped me was act ( acceptance and ... i particularly like this thread , and think you are a genuinely caring person , as this whole thread is regarding someone other than yourself . adding to that , you are already looking at the ' us ' , ... ... he's lost a lot . the best thing i can imagine , as a friend of your position to do , is to help him practice a level of self-love . if he went through something tough , he is going to have difficulty ... i came to reply to your thread , but something stopped me . now i am back , and i want to tell you that you really do love this guy . you wrote a post about him , if you didn't love him then you wouldn't ... i've also had this experience , i was diagnosed with many different illnesses , ocd , and autism . once almost admitted in a psychiatric hospital for psychosis - was on antipsychotics , and labelled a ... for someone who has worked through trauma through cbt , i can say it's not the end of the road . there are better techniques . can you please pm me or write here a few questions for further analysis , ... i find authenticity is important , and that you are being very authentic with yourself : now , what would you do that you have this ' weird ptsd ' thing ? what are your plans ? i think it will be best , to ... sorry this is late , i just got back from watching the walking dead premiere . bawling my eyes out . crying like a baby , like never before . seriously , wtf . xd i would chart this all out simply . this ... it is acceptable . actually i think it's very observant and intuitive , to have been aware of how you're coming off to this individual in this circumstance . and that is very calming actually , ... i hope you are sorting things out . if you need any further help , just post here again . i think it's quite supportive of you , and caring of you , to have someone else in your mind all the time . values , self-love and self-awareness . though i will need to step you through the third one . this will help you get through to a more actualized fluid version of yourself , i hope , and i think it ... meteoric shadows that's okay but i never said you were a teenager , i know that you are in your 20s . hence , why i was saying you were so strong , having been a 20 year old and managing despite not ... i think you are very strong , because you seem to know how much prejudice you've been dealing with but still managed to set limits for how long you will stay with that same prejudice in the future ... i think it is important that you are being very authentic about yourself . however , i think you also need to see the situation of your parents . they are not authorities . they went through the same ... i am surprised to hear you are being so authentic and insightful . as from your last thread , which i was following , i saw a really angry individual , who stated he wanted to go to a ' separatist part of ... and i think that shows that you understand yourself well , that you know that you value knowledge . plus , you are egalitarian and don't believe that people should be treated unfairly , where you stated ... '