' i'm not sure if it's love anymore , but i've been thinking of you fondly , for sure . seriously , i thought everyone knew the extent to which i'm legitimately talking to myself . but , no . my dad actually interrupted my conversation with myself and goes , are you talking to yourself in ... i suppose this is more of a random observation ... but , about my top three favorite bands . bright eyes is music for my brain . alkaline trio is music for my guts . smashing pumpkins is music for my ... i've never had a legitimate hero before . there have been people i appreciate , and look up to , but never an actual hero , per se . but holy shit , rod serling , you are my true hero , sir ! i always ... i think the extent of my actual manipulation has been to get information out of people , rather than using it against them . or to reinforce or negate a conclusion i came to about them . a simple ... i wonder what the explanation for my love / hate relationship with everyone and everything is . i'm talking serious extremes . i wish the intensity would get boring , but it doesn't . we finally had a real conversation about this . why does it always have to be on the brink of a break-up ? not that i would ever be the one to end it , but he always seems like he wants to , but can't , ... dear introverted feeling , what the hell ? why , why , why ? i really can't even like ... turn the volume down , so to speak . the idea of dominant functions infuriates and perpetually frustrates me . ... at what point can one decide that a relationship is over ? that growth between the two parties is no longer possible ? perhaps this is merely an example of my so-called high expectations as an ... lights on - ( stars ) i , the sun reminds me of joy division ... and something else ... interesting . i relate to the bold part . however , i don't seem to always know how i feel . what i tend to get out of most of it is does this feel awful , or does it feel okay ? i also rarely know ... i don't really remember my parents presence too much in early childhood . they were there , but they weren't really there . i was yelled at for trying to talk to them after work , because they were ... if i'm being honest with myself , i deal with the hateful world by hating it back . i've realized that i don't cry anymore . i tear up , i feel the horrible chest pressure , and i want to rake my brains out of my head , but i cannot cry . the thought of non-existence is the only thing ... when i speak of pop music , i'm basically referring to things like lady gaga , ke $ ha , katy perry , etc . so , popular pop music on the radio . i can say with confidence i don't like pop music , ... if only i could count how many times i've laughed so hard reading about introverted feeling . it normally sounds something like , haahahahaha ! oh my god , seriously ? what am i reading ? i used to be really into a couple mainstream anime in like freshman and sophomore year of high school . the ones i like now are cowboy bebop , flcl , and welcome to the nhk . generally speaking , i ... esfp for 4 + years . typing him has been incredibly difficult over the last few years , but i'm pretty confident this is his type . well , i've always been strictly non-confrontational when it comes to those who are basically strangers . it stings for a second , then i forget about it , and them . condescending attitudes are the ... i don't understand why all of my dreams are so strange . as in , the feeling . eerie , foreboding , suspenseful , blatantly cryptic and symbolic . everything happens in front of me like it's charades . ... consciousness is a being , the nature of which is to be conscious of the nothingness of its being . - - jean-paul sartre i don't use facebook a lot to begin with , so i've never seriously considered deactivating it . i arbitrarily log on to find a couple messages , or new friend requests . once in a while i'll go around ... well , the people i'm closest to , most aren't really critical of much . the ones in my life that are have some kind of issue with admitting to some of their own faults and behaviors . with these ... what helped me the most was the idea that you're never going to know for sure what others are thinking of you , so generally , it's best not to even worry about it . if you're talking about feeling ... baby kitty tiny kitty laptop most tv series i watch are hilarious cartoons . otherwise : dexter cowboy bebop law & order sad things ? i'm generally attracted to anything that makes my chest feel like it is going to implode in on itself . pressure , whatever you call it . i feel kind of the opposite of what moss icon ... haha , i promise i have better taste than just trio , cage the elephant and bright eyes . : cool : i haven't seen them live yet . sucks to hear that . my itunes isn't accurate , neither is the overall songs on my last.fm at this point . the last 6 months is waaay more relevant . i also have a tendency to play certain artists / songs / albums for long ... this was taken over fifteen years ago by one of my parents . this was the view of our neighbors right in front of the house i grew up in ... i'm not under the impression that others are more well-informed than me . maybe in practical areas of life , but it doesn't stay that way for long . also , i really have troubles identifying with ... pray for a man in the middle , one that talks like doolittle . this was a question that always got me on the type-assessments . like mendelevium said , i find myself at both ends . i can make the biggest generalizations , and i could go into the details and defend ... i deal with it by seeing it for what it is . it's pretty much cultural preference of personality types , especially in the way the op describes it . i also deal with it by thinking of it like ... thank you , dfoster . the 5 fears are indeed what i identify with . i am beginning to think after realizing my first mistype i was just trying to make sure i wasn't being overtly biased somehow ... regarding the 7 aspect , most of those things seem to be true . some don't require that i be stressed , like talking a lot for instance ( although i only do a lot of it when i'm alone ) . my thoughts are ... the times i took the perc test i got 5w4 twice , and 5w6 three times . i've also read the misidentification articles . according to those , i would be 5 . i don't feel the need to back up my ideas so ... i thought 4w5 was my type for quite a while , and one day while reading type articles , five made a lot more sense than four . after a couple weeks i was comfortable with my conclusion . then , while ... dear high school co-worker , i don't think you have even been here for a year yet . i know you came in and immediately targeted our night manager as the one you would try to emulate completely . i ... there goes my enneagram type ... again . it took forever to see through the first mistype , and like two weeks to see through the second one . not very confident in my self-awareness right now . infp 5 , unsure about the wing . sure about the first two in my tritype , 5 and 9 , and almost positive about sexual / self-preservation . i'm sitting in my room with the window open . it's really nice outside ( cloudy , but really nice ) , the birds are chirping loudly , and all of a sudden this guy starts whistling something that's just so ... parents : mom - estj dad - infp ( almost sure ) they've been together for over 25 years , still going strong even after some major incidences . they're totally in love . maternal grandparents : ... people are afraid of themselves . i apologize for the late reply . i didn't mean to imply it was the doctor who said my metabolism was just really high . it's been the family and friends i've talked to about this . it's the best ... i'm not completely sure that i am a 5w4 , but i am pretty confident that 5 is my core type . i thought my type was 4w5 for a very long time , and one day i was arbitrarily reading through enneagram ... '