' intj artist here . nice to meet you . :) isfp ... enfp ... sounds like my personal hell . i would never come to one of your dinner parties . there would be a lot of drama or feelings or ... oh god ... i can't even . in all seriousness ... most of the infj women i know are very reserved emotionally . they feel deeply , but outwardly come across as very cool and rational ( although they can be anything but . ) i am split almost 50/50 on t ... he's not necessarily a j just because he's motivated . j vs p has more to do with your external organization ... whether your internal organization requires external organization . for example , a p can ... i use to get very emotional when things would seem unfair . i think my sense of justice , especially when i was young , would overwhelm me and i'd get extremely emotional . i would obsess over things ... i also tried to dye my hair red . i call it my ugly phase . this thread is pretty old but ... i am an intj and an artist . i do my own painting and also have a business doing murals and commissioned artwork in a variety of media . i would say i am probably ... disagree . this is actually one of the most compatible and well-documented matches . intps and entjs are great balances for each other . i am an intj who is about 60/40 j .. i typed when i was younger ... i'm worried it will make him angry . this right there is your first problem . you're basically already feeling apologetic and guilty for asserting yourself , which is a common trait of nfs ... dude . you're infp as fuck . i could type you just based on how annoying your post was to read . no offense . thank you . god . every enfj i know is a fucking narcissist . or at least highly manipulative and prone to use emotional blackmail . just because an intj isn't interested hearing or dealing with your ... inaccurate . he's doing it because immature entjs like to assert dominance , even in really trivial ways . they are basically the alpha wolves of the pack and like to make sure people know their place ... beyonce is definitely a j . probably an infj or isfj . she's pretty intellectual , so i doubt she's an s . britney is definitely isfp . rihanna is probably istp or estp . she's not an f . just because ... infps can either be healthy or unhealthy . unhealthy infps are emotionally unstable , needy , dramatic , messy , irrational and childish . i know a couple who are really lovely people but would prefer to ... pretty sure most of the people who commented on this have either never watched the show or have no idea what any other types are like other than their own . rey entp shoshona esfj adam istp ... a lot of people mentioning intps . i wouldn't say intps aren't relationship people . statistically , female intps are the most likely to get married of all the introvert types . intps just tend to be ... thinking introvert ... no surprises there . i got entj ... which is good because i'm in love with one . i am an intp female and i never want kids . i would say trust what you want not what other people say you should want . when people tell women they will change their mind about kids that's just them ... i think introverts and extroverts are definitely complimentary and tend to be attracted to each other . that being said , i think it really depends on where both fall on the spectrum as far as whether ... intp .. i feel the above person so hard . i'm pretty sure alcohol is the only reason i am capable of having a social life . drinking definitely turns me into an extrovert . my infp mom also has borderline personality disorder sooo ... just goes to show , the mbti isn't everything . :-P i don't think so . i'm an intp and my sister is an intj . we are pretty similar , she was just a way better student . i am an intp . my mom is an infp and my dad refuses to take the mbti but i am pretty sure he's an enfp or an enfj . my sister is an intj although she said until she had her kid , she tested as an ... i'm an intp and i cried in the bathroom at work today because my boyfriend was a dick . fucking feelings . we arent supposed to have them . whenever i'm emotional , i get a little unnerved , but ... get it , girl . i'm also a female intp and i think entj men are the best matches for us . current relationship is with an entj . my two most intense loves have been with entj men . i must have a thing . my last relationship , 6 years , was with an istp man . he was great , but i don't ... i dated an entp and he was really an asshole . lol . strange being an intp that i find the extroverted version of myself to be fucking unbearable , but pretty much every entp i've ever met i've hated . ... as an intp who is studying to be a therapist , i couldn't agree more . ;) since i was a kid , people have come to me for advice ... even a couple xnfx therapists i know . i think we do have a unique ... i just found an enfj roommate who likes to cook . either he cooks dinner for me too or i just sneak-eat all of his leftovers out the fridge when he's in bed . perfect match . i see what you're saying . i think you're crossing empathy and sympathy . most people who experience empathy also experience sympathy , but i wouldn't say that's necessary . especially for me , i rarely ... ridiculous . all the intps i know , myself included , are incredibly empathetic . we may call things how we see them and not sugar coat , but that isn't the same as lacking empathy . methinks you've ... i'm pretty lazy about stuff like cleaning and putting away groceries and not procrastinating at work . i have to force myself not to be . i think intps can be a little nihilistic . i think a lot of ... i think this only works with intp men and infp women . i dated an infp man and while the connection was strong , he was an emotionally manipulative , needy , whiny , overbearing mess . i can't really deal ... interesting .. when i was a christian teen i was typed as an infp also . as an adult , i've typed intp consistently for almost ten years . i think there's something to what you say . i do think when i ... i think intp men are very emotionally reserved and probably , like all intps , go through the mental conversation with you to say it 500 times without actually saying it . i have full , lengthy ... i'm a female intp and that's maybe slightly different , but having known both male intps and myself , my advice is to never underestimate the power of our curiosity . we may be introverts , but we are ... good ! yay ! you didn't miss anything , i promise . you know that if you're at a party having a great time and even think about sobering up , you will immediately hate every one and want to go sleep in your car . when your j boyfriend has to threaten to not give you any dick until you help him finish all the yard work but you just want him to give you the dick and let you livvve . i'm an intp and i absolutely despise games . i am really good at them , i just hate them in social situations . for me , i'd rather have interesting conversation with people than get caught up in ... manic pixie dream girl is spot on . i love my enfp friends , both male and female , but i also find them exhausting and annoying . they are both my favorite people and my least favorite people all at ... yeah this is dumb . the mbti can tell you basics about how you process information , how you interact with people and the world , how you problem solve , etc ... but it doesn't necessarily predict every ... i think you're calling it right . obviously i've never met the guy , but i have dated a narcissist ( and known a few ) , and what you're describing sounds quite familiar . don't do what i did and waste a ... the way you go about expressing that you want to be heard is to do exactly that . honestly , your problem isn't with the fact he's an entj , your problem is with the fact he's a douchebag . some entjs ... my boyfriend is an entj and it took me a while to not be totally unnerved by how he approached our relationship . when entjs want something , they go after it . they don't play games and don't expect ... my boyfriend is an entj and it took me a while to not be totally unnerved by how he approached our relationship . when entjs want something , they go after it . they don't play games and don't expect ... i act much more stand offish . i am pretty bad at dealing with feelings in general and am convinced i have a terrible poker face or that the person knows how i feel , so this leads me to be kind of a ... hahahaha . so true . i'm at work procrastinating right now ... i am an intp woman and how i'm perceived is a pretty mixed bag . i tend to be pretty polarizing . when i was younger , i was very shy and had a hard time making friends . i was always tom-boyish and ... '