' but even about the social aspect , difficulties reading social cues =/ = feeling energized by being alone . kind of like my relationship with online support groups . i notice i have some similar issues but different needs and coping strategies . i am not lke those who can isolate themselves and be happy with ... well developed ones are awesome . less well developed ... hu ... they often jump to a totally radom conclusion , they accept it as if there were no other conceivable possibility and act all entitled ... not much into videogames but i love tabletop games and rpg ones even better . i give a help in a forum about neurodiversity - basically because a friend of mine founded it & i like weird discussions of any kind ^ ^ and well , one recent comment that got my interest was that there ... i was the one who was bullied . i was younger than others , with control issues and the lamest social skills you can have while being e . settling --> spending a lot of time with someone you actually don't like . why ever ? one thing that comes to mind - i like nice clothes , not usually expensive but peculiar and with a style i like ; i have a theoretical sense of style ... then when i actually dress myself i might forget ... try hard not to be too untidy ... your cockroaches will be sorry but you'll be kicked off less quickly . your shadow is showing . :) i somehow care about how i look but i can't bother following current fashion because i dislike being told what to do . i can be anxious or not , but mainly , i totally relate with the impression i've been changing too much that they're not even meeting the same person . sometimes actually it annoys me that they are ... i comment because i tend to get distracted otherwise . that said , if i am at the movie theatre and not at home i try not to be too annoying . i've never dated that much . while i like seeing people , it's very , very rare that i like someone so much that i want to have a relationship with him . as for physical pleasure i can provide for my ... okay this is an internet forum so one must mention aspergers from time to time . ;P i am interested in the topic because while being fairly outgoing i had major issues reading people especially when ... somehow , yes . but since staying in the office late makes you appear hardworking , i stay here and lose time and then do things in a rush so i am motivated . i try to get to know the person and see how it goes . there are a few rational criteria i even spontaneously consider in matchmaking ( common interests , not a fuckup , compatible goals etc ) but it's ... yay exactly . i don't buy the opposites complete each other thing . it's not job where you have to get all the tasks done , you have to be with the damn person and it's better you like him / her , not ... and that is why having a sj secretary ( or such ) is great . but for relatioships ? i'd rather have someone i share interests and views with , than someone who tidies up my mess ( and then is resentful ... being controlling is an extj thing but an entj would be less likely to choose a way because it has always been that way . i guess a sj could sell weed if it was typical of his group , e . g ... sure it's not sj ? i agree with you in disagreeing with the post . i'd say intjs are the best for intellectual relationships and infjs and enfjs are those who can wake up my human side ... with infps i've had ... i guess is the kind of feeling any type has when screwed up , and they call it inferior si for enxps , nifi loop for intjs , etc . basically one warps the functions to describe bad moods . i have troubles finishing things . and since i have no common sense i try to write long novels anyway ^ ^ . it's not so much that i get bored , rather than i am caught by new ideas and i can't resist . - uberpopular social genius - nope , i am talkative and outgoing but i don't have those great social skills ( although i must say , i started out very very low and actually improved by shameless ... it really depends on the case . i often go out without planning but if i have friends coming from far away , events that do require reservation , holidays to book from work and such ... well when it's ... how do you notice ne-dom ? are you referring to the signs listed in the site or you have your own reading ? btw the theory mentions naive eyes as a ne sign , which i am not sure i agree with . ... have you ever heard about this site , or anyway about this theory ? type me | cognitive types as entps do you recognize yourselves in the neti video ? btw when i tried to submit some vids of mine i ... i like infps ! just , i have to tell myself to be patient when they take their little hearts too seriously ... it makes me eager to debunk you , guys , but since after all i like you i accept people are ... wow , i had forgot about this post : kitteh : . i have always enjoyed writing - good outlet for the too-many-ideas i can have . the thing is , i get very enthusiastic about a story i want to tell , then ... i mean both famous writers and those of you who enjoy writing fiction . had an entp bf . i was in love and he wasn't so it didn't work . amazing intellectual connection tho , when we left the worst thing was separating my ideas for his ( think to the packs of stuff you make ... since when lawyers * respect * the law ? i thought it was about finding a way around . <-- apprentice lawyer here . maybe my favourite series . it's fantasy with very real and charmingly ambiguous characters . it's not good vs bad but a complex tapestry of destinies , whose outcomes are not predictable . the last ... my distinction wasn't so much about e vs i activities ( nor i can say which function i am using every time ) , but rather about doing something engaging as opposite to just wanting to shut down . something more . i suspect we often stereotype fe as it appears in si / fe users , i . e . stressing the tradition aspect . example : xsfj : christams gatherings are traditional so i can't even ever ... usually you test high on fi when you say i . e . that you won't compromise on your core beliefs . but well , almost anyone will have some beliefs that are not to be questioned , say , that raping babies ... apparently we recharge by doing stuff we like . if i spend time in satisfactory activities i am happier and thus motivated to keep on going . if i had a tiring day , unless i am 100 % physically gone (= irresistibly falling asleep , sick etc ) , what i do to feel better is to engange in something i like - it can be meeting interesting people or ... that is the point . i never get tired of interesting people , even tho i still need time for my creative work . dunno , i can entertain myself pretty well for a while , the only thing is that i worry about ending up without interesting irl people for any reason ... been there and it sucks the hell . i happen to like metal . also , post-punk / goth rock are among my favourits although i don't take the gloomy atmosphere seriously ( i was recently reasoning with a friend that i assume being an infp , ... as a child i was too screwed to test . as a teen i was the argumentative clown who tries to fight about religion with the teacher because it's fun ! also i could approach random strangers but it's not ... how does a mature entp use fe ? i see that growing up i am being more aware of the strange fact people have their feelings ( one thing that downplays my troll side a bit ) , but still i can't say i am ... btw . one of the questions at my interview was about an article i had no clue about ; they asked me what i would have done if i had to deal with the case of the article such and such and me : i would ... actually i am infamous for getting the idea right , but then mistaking how to spell the address of the firm ... or something equally ludicrous . :P i got into law because i was fascinated by the idea ... i think somewhere we decided it is an entp thing . now i look . i was thinking to join the intp thing but then i didn't bother ... current employer - a law firm previous one - another law firm until they realized they weren't my only interest and that was baaad . education - bd in philosophy , md in law . note : where i live law ... i don't use the rating system not for a matter of principle but because what i like may or may not overlap with general perception ; also , because once you don't suck physically i stop caring so once ... '