' don't believe the source . your source is as reliable as sunday mirror . thanks to shia lebouf i will never get motivated again by those words . if i don't say bold things , or just express my real opinion , i become depressed , its really weird . it like a snow ball . i am in one of this moment right now and i'm having a huge urge to say ... by me time you mean masturbation , right ? because like to masturbate a lot . a lot . well , she's an indie pop singer , so i'm right after all . she's also a feminist , so my observations are pretty spot on . v sign , blue hair and duck face ? ugh . let me guess , you want to be different than anyone else , but yet you try to fit in ... is there a model for entps as well ? oh , great , another obsession is coming up ! yeah , that's pretty much me . i have never felt offended in my life . i don't like to dwell on this so / sx high fe bullshit , but that's one of the reasons that i still come here , and yes , i'm socially awkward , i don't really like being pressured to say things , and i ... its a funny thing , i can be as eloquent as i am retarded sometimes , its gets funnier because of the fact the i stutter a little bit , so , here i am giving a hell of a speech , blocking into every ts ... i thought the tittle was say someting , you shameless cocky . glad it worked as well : laughing : 99 % of the users on this sub-forum are mistyped , they just think that they're awesome and make-up stories to back-up that , they're either an intp or estp . they think they're the astatine of the ... not at all , but it would be cool if i was , but i don't give as much shit as other people do . jill is my hand , m8 . don't tell me what to do . fuck , that's a lot of responsibility . every entp needs a morty . fixed for you m8 . i have estp friend that does the exactly same thing . i'm much more subtle in my remarks tbh . i don't think it's something that can be triggered consciously . yeah , i get this vibe as well , its pretty cringeworthy when you see someone trying be lol so random xddd . i lot of things that makes me think that i'm entp comes when i'm not conscious about it , ... i think the only way to find your true type is to analyze your behavior back when you didn't even know what mbti was . it's pretty easy to be biased , specially if you get too carried away with those ... let me just say that i'm not butthurt by writing a seriously butthurt reply . people think that entps have some kind of super power , i think its like that youtuber guy said , the lack of identity drives us into this . thanks , confucius . yep . jill's very touchy , but horny as well . she's not very smart . i know her like the palm of my hand . i would guess she's esfp . are you me ? every single post of you reminds of myself . i think you're myself from an alternative universe , there are too much coincidences to be merely coincidence . i'm smoking more than ever , and i think it's about lack of stimulation , like the ol ' fat drunk parrot said . i don't like to answer this as some kind of ' type thing ' , but as soon as i realize that everyone got huge expectations about me i started doing the exact opposite of it , i just can't be trusted and ... that's pretty fine by me . i think you should make a blog about it . also , please don't force him into being the entp stereotype , just let him be . what the fuck is that , will you really raise a child basing on a fucking personality theory , that is far from being scientifically proven ? keep me up with that , ok ? i don't even know what that is . i think her husband might be gay and it was on a relationship with the murder . only that could explain such thing , there is the only explanation . i don't think it has enough to be a crush , but i really really like zoey deschanel . i simulate a suicide.http :/ / media.giphy.com/media/jsxk33dwembky/giphy.gif i lost the count on how many times i did that . dear infj , don't bite the bait that hard , you could break your teeth by doing that . that must be some kind of freud shit going on , tbh . jumping from a moving train in order to defy your own physical reaction to prove that what we're experiencing is a product of our own minds , but the pain that comes after is pretty real . at least i ... fuck , @giagigi @ its on a thanking spree . you're sooo edge , dude . * sarcastic response about the completely lack of knowledge by the original poster * dear infj , for moment just being an spiritual mom to everyone , you're not on a higher level of ... i'm a thrill seeker , but not for the sake of it . i seek for an meaningful thrill . yeah , people tend to hate me as well , sometimes its just banter , but you can see that there's some true in there . that's why i try to shut my self off sometimes . i do a lot of experiments like ... yep , as far as i'm concerned we would be like a monkey in a zoo to them . but our intuition could impress a very logical society as well . now i'm imaging my self inside the box that is outside another box that is inside another box ... '