' yeah the people in the comments of the question are pretty angry because most of them came up with the same solution . if he updates it with an answer i'll be sure to share . so i came across this question in my quora feed . i was wondering if anyone could help me figure it out . 693329 my thoughts were that the intersection of black sections from the left and right ... i was going to answer your question but the only thing i like more than explaining something to someone is realizing that it's not worth the effort sometimes . i think we are a bit competitive when it comes to gaming particularly since we seem to spend so much time doing it . for this reason mobas and esports games are probably ideal because of the ... it doesn't really matter if the boot that crushes you is on the left foot or the right foot . ‘ 1 in a billion ’ police shooting : cop ’ s bullet jams suspect ’ s gun 562474 wait ... a black hole is the result of a collapse of a star of great density . do you mean to say that you have so many fucks to give that they would create a structure so dense and so massive that it ... silicon valley is pretty great .  she's an obnoxious champion who is not fun to play against . riot likes to do that though . i have an idea . why don't we propose legislation that gets rid of all guns but anyone who has ever used one for self defense is taken to the edge of a trench and shot . or maybe use some sort of ... way to ruin the surprise . you really think there's gonna be a lot of interesting interaction between the 10 ? i mean maybe if one of them changes the wifi pw or something you could end up with an interesting situation . ... was looking around reddit and came across an old thread regarding personality tests . long story short , i found a new description that seemed to be a good fit for us intps . i was wondering how ... here's one pertaining to scotland . 528498 source with some interesting reading ... starvingautist it was a poor interpretation of what you said but your statement was slightly ambiguous so you might be willing to overlook it . it would however , be a mistake to discount the ... in this case it's probably got less to do with genetics , more to do with the biological differences in men and women . still , your ' heritability ' argument doesn't change data . maybe it would be ... i mean the only reason to own a console would probably be exclusives / friends own a console . emulators fix 1 of those . there is a reason why consoles are trying to emulate pcs and not the other way around . 528290 * edit this should actually address the majority of the discrepancy between the amount of nobel prize winners of men and women . the correct reply in any situation will always be you too waitress says enjoy your food ? you too the reddit hug of death comes to mind . well i'm not either so i'm not sure . if i had to say , its because it's easy . you can believe in science and climate change while also being libertarian . and you can still be a communist because communism doesn't actually help people . edit no man , you obviously need to let someone who decks you in the head to continue until they are subdued by the proper authorities . imagine if they got hurt ! on a serious note , people who don't ... seems like it requires far more self discipline to cut something out of your life completely than to use responsibly . i can think of an example , i spend a ton of time playing video games but if ... supposedly , alexander mahone from prison break . cats are cool and dogs are cool but you don't have to walk cats . ranch or blue cheese the structure of my questioning is pretty bad . i was thinking more along the lines of left-wing ideology makes sense if you operate on the principle of the needs of the many > the needs of the few ... well with regards to abortion , there is no general libertarian stance for the aforementioned reasons . while this answer wasn't quite what i was looking for , it's a good observation . well what i mean by premise is if you say 2 + 2 = 4 your premise is that 2 has a value of 2 and not 3 . some fundamental principle that must be true in order for the argument which follows from it to ... you could go into some of the basic premises of libertarianism such as property rights and self ownership , etc etc . it is one of the few ideologies that maintain consistent viewpoints that are ... what premise ( s ) must be established before a certain political ideology starts to make sense from a principled point of view ? how valid are said premises ? what are some premises you ... as you know there is no significant difference between intps and regular human beings anatomically speaking so any tips i have would work just as well for anybody . well there is no point tiptoeing around statistics . from the i . q . point of view then yes , in general if you randomly chose a woman she is more likely to be slightly smarter than a similarly ... i'm crawling through a literal mile of shit and finals , what else could i be . easy for you to say , stickman . yeah i think the difference is that you have worked in a world that is result oriented and based around efficiency as opposed to students fresh out of high school who have been taught the best way to ... sorry man but you're the one who believes in this predetermination bullshit . people can climb or fall in a capitalistic society , as opposed to your left-anarchistic society where there is no up or ... well it isn't a 1 to 1 ratio but ability in ones field does determine ones worth in that field . not to say all fields are all equal , they simply aren't . negative rights aren't rights granted ... seems like something handled better over a pm . i'm surprised that you have the audacity to imply that i'm the one not using my brain . your ideas of hierarchy are based on your belief that equality means that all humans have the same ability . you ... i don't think this is as coherent as you think it is . the conversation is going nowhere . his ideas of equality , heirarchy , and anarchy are twisted . i'd suggest that you save your sanity before you attempt countering the absurdity of his post . i wonder when we get the term liberal back ? maybe when people stop arguing over semantics . ( it's also only unfortunate if you advocate for positive rights while advocating for the end of negative ... err . are we reading the same thing ? i didn't say that the government didn't allow them . i said these existed precisely because the government did ? ok , but these oligopolies were the result of ... this post makes allot of assumptions . first of all , oligopolies do break up by nature . it's also true that often times they are able to remain in power thanks to government intervention . i . e ... i'm not arguing the specifics of whether or not slavery was the result of greed or if it was moral . obviously it wasn't , just stating that this is one such situation that actively disproves the ... railroads ain't a great example , those companies were allowed monopolies or oligopolies precisely because of how land was distributed to these companies from the government . i mean they are still ... '