' been ages since i posted in here . might as well . i can never take a non-blurry non-flash pic . ugh . 79099 my ex is an infj and my current boyfriend is an estp . the change is astonishing but i am loving it so far despite it being a bit more difficult than with my ex .  i get on amazingly with the istjs i know . i find them so delightful and fun to chit-chat with . i also admire their dutifulness and practical approach to life . very rarely will we have moments of ... i get envious but rarely jealous . to me there is a difference . i can envy my friend's skill of being a ' doer ' type person but i'm never going to get jealous of her for doing something i can't . my closest friends are an isfp ( by far my closest ) , istj , and istp . yup ! and i feel like my enfp sister could easily be an infp some days as well . california dreamin ' on such a winter's day . seeing as i'm in a long distance relationship ... it's gotta be this song .  woody allen & wes anderson films . i don't know if i have a favourite but i really like edward hopper . this painting really resonates with me as i'm sure it has many ... i would say that my relationship with my family is at best nice and at worst difficult . it's not completely awful all the time but it's never all that rosy either . i think this is normal of most ... my sister who is much more well-versed in mbti has typed our parents istj ( father ) and infj ( mother ) . my dad is really balanced though but i guess that's quite expected with his age ( he's in his ... i've had a bunch of friends do this , mainly in east asia ( south korea mostly , then china and japan ) . i'm probably going to go for it and apply to a few hagwon's in korea next summer once i'm finally ... i feel almost silly to admit this but i listen to sufjan stevens ' songs for christmas vol . 8 album year ' round . i don't know why i like it so much . my favourite bowie song : ) . yay cats ! this video is very appealing to me on many levels .  when my comforter needs help warming me up i just listen to this song . proud commuter here ( though i hate my city's transit system , who doesn't really ? ) . if i had to pick two cars : 1 . 1992 porsche 911 america roadster 2 . 1970 chevrolet chevelle ss 454 ls5 ... sheer boredom drove to do this . enfp . of the past : t . s eliot , gwendolyn brooks , philip larkin , albert camus of the present : tina fey shocked by the the amount of intj responses . i really can't stand that type 40 % of the time . i love love love love love entjs . i think their type is perfect and i envy a lot of xxtj ...  the best part is how honest and earnest the description is . greetings from my 5head & i . i feel like i should say that i don't normally wear much make-up except for nights in when i feel like acting as if i have somewhere ... i'm that friend . it's pretty much a running gag at this point . in general , i'm a pretty flakey person and my friends have learnt to cope with it . i don't mind sensors at all for the most part ! my closest friends are an isfp , istj , and isfj . i don't like estjs most often though . way too hard to choose just one but i would pick infj , enfj , entj , enfp . oh , and i can't forget isfp . i adore them . are you kidding me ? i really enjoyed going through this thread until i read this . i posted briefly about my high school experience in a thread about how your peers viewed on the main board once so i'm gonna quote that . high school was a great time for me and i kind of look ... t . s eliot kate bush tina fey / liz lemon those three immediately come to mind . my type : infp longest conversation without break : isfp funniest to me : infp , isfp , istj , entj most reliable : entj , esfj adore : isfp , entj , infj , istj , enfj non threatening : infp , isfp , isfj , ... i was really quiet . i read a lot by myself and my mom says i would normally play by myself even if we had little kids over to play with me and my siblings . she also says i would sit behind her on the ... i'm northeast african in a family of seven ( five kids , two parents ) and only two of us are sensors ( my father is istj and my older sister is isfj ) . most of us are nfs . my brother and younger ... isfp immediately came to mind . one of my best friends is isfp and she is laid back as can be . i also have an istj friend who is super laid back but i know other istjs that aren't quite the same in ... i always get told i say very strange somewhat vile things . my humour is definitely not sarcastic and in person with my family and very close friends i use a lot of physical comedy . i'm an infp and my mom and boyfriend are both infjs . my mom is very infj and we have a lot of conflict at times that my sister equates with us both being very amplified cases of our types . my ... i chose t but my boyfriend is an f . i like both types but ts appeal to me more mainly because i envy their t . i get along better with fs , i would say . my writing is pretty much the only thing i do with my left-hand solely . i like it . my high school peers would have probably described me as well-liked / popular , funny , talkative ( i got voted most likely to have their own show ) , and strange . everyone was shocked when we took the mbti ... i second ' plainsong ' & ' pictures of you ' by the cure that have already been posted . here are my picks : ... this has been on my list of ' to read ' for a long time now . i'm not a big fantasy reader ( i don't think i've read any since i was about 16 ) , but i've heard amazing things about this series from loads ... believer as a believer you believe the world has almost infinite possibilities . you believe people should be pursuing their passions and not be caught up by what others ... i just got through talking to my sister and she said that she's actually really good friends with an intp . i guess i remembered what she said incorrectly or something . she told me how they're like a ... i'm in the middle of doing a history & english double major . i hope to get my m . a . in history and then from there ... who knows ? i'm kind of a pen-holding coaster at this time . i don't know what i ... thanks for the recommendations ! ( i literally just ended that sentence with ' eh ' in my head ) . i'm glad you mentioned coupland . i've been meaning to read jpod & i've been feeling a bit guilty that i ... '