' i have to second some of what's already been posted . 1 . it's all about how you look at it , and naturally in your depressed state , your outlook is exceedingly negative . i get it . i've been there ... interesting . i read a couple of her other posts , too . some interesting stuff on istj-enfp marriage . she's a bit more ' oooh , glitter and kittens ! ' than i am , but overall i think she has some ... i feel this way when i can actively watch my children construct new knowledge . when i see the lightbulbs go off in their eyes and they start asking questions and we talk about stuff and they make ... hello and welcome to perc ! hello and welcome to perc ! hello and welcome to perc ! hello and welcome to perc ! hello and welcome to perc ! welcome to perc ! welcome to perc ! welcome to perc ! i love feelings . feeelings ... nothing more than feeelings . welcome to perc , fellow enfp ! welcome fellow enfp ! you will indeed learn lots here - the enfp forum is a particularly friendly , understanding sort of place . i look forward to running into you there . congratulations ! ! high school teachers don't know everything ( said the high school teacher ) . when you stop to think of the many ways we use ' bear ' , it makes sense and only one of them has anything to do with a furry ... here's a good one i saw the other day : bear with me vs . bare with me . one asking for patience , the other is getting naked together . pretty big difference . it's one thing to have one or two ... i read all the comments and he said he specifically left out all the positive traits of the enfp male as it was a writing assignment on ' why not to date ' and the follow up assignment was ' why to date ... i'm wondering if any of my googlenet enfp friends also struggle with forgetfulness . i forget stuff all the time . i have been known to tell stories about something to my friends / spouse / family and ... ryan - i have improved with age . i have learned through experience if i don't dive in and get er done , it might not happen . i had had enough of disappointing people and losing my stuff and wasting ... i like enfj's :) welcome to perc ! can you clarify what you mean by ' finds it difficult ' ? do you mean difficult as in ' i am experiencing roadblocks in my effort to accomplish this task ' , or difficult as in ' i f-ing hate this and you ... oh wow . i'm reading these and thinking ' i know , right ? omigod , yes ! i totally do that ! ' . i get a job , am enamored for the first months , then start to lose that and think about the possibilities . ... ahhh . it took me ten bloody years , but i figured out this is when to just disappear . it's not about me , no one is mad , just fak off already and leave him be . he'll be back . ( istj's - if you do ... there have been 130 pages written on the topic over in the istj forum . it makes for a very interesting read . ... ' i used to be indecisive . now , i'm not so sure ' - someone awesome we spend money we don't have , on things we don't need to impress people who don't care . - will smith check out . there is a lot of information in there on how people pulled themselves out of it . it's super ... congratulations , you prolific poster , you ! nooo ! i'm really sorry to hear that . i don't think she knows what a gem she had ! ( btw , thank you for the update - i always wonder about the stories i hear and get ' involved ' in , so ... tridentus , i am totally the same way . this has nothing to do with wishing anything , i just occasionally go over things in my head . i wonder how they are . i'd love to run into them and catch up - and ... i disagree that the on again off again can never work . sometimes all it takes is one or both of you coming to an important understanding ( like it sounds that you have ) . removing the rose colored ... i love what my husband calls ' train wreck ' movies . everyone falls in love with the wrong person and it all ends tragically . think legends of the fall . well , maybe that one is more about the eye ... yay ! congratulations , friend ! 1 . what is the mbti personality of your partner ? istj 2 . how long have you been married ? 9 years ( together 11 ) 3 . how did you meet ? lavalife :) 4 . what do you have in common with ... i am so jealous . i don't even have a sibling , let alone a perfect partner in crime . that sounds fantastic - you guys are lucky ! ha ha , you have a point . i guess i imagine willpower to be a spot in the brain , so i imagine the spot in a gnat to be extremely small :) yeah , i thought of that , but decided twins of any kind would be twins enough for my purposes . even fraternal twins , like any siblings , will likely have similarities in physical appearance . god ... that could be anyone's picture timeline . i was the same . cute baby , ridiculous in jr high ( where , lets face it , we all made questionable fashion choices ) , getting better in highschool and now blend ... i am looking for literal twins . : wink :: wink : that way you control for genetics and physical appearance and see what the personality types are like . speaking of willpower , do any of you guys struggle with it ? or the lack of it , rather ? i have the willpower of a gnat . so we got to talking in an enfp thread about what enfp's look like and there is debate surrounding the question of physical similarities and personality type . i am wondering if there are any twins ... isn't that more demeanor than appearance ? i think the way people carry themselves , body language , facial expressions , etc are personality based , but appearance ( what they look like in a neutral state ... uh ... yum ! i was thinking the other day , i bet you ten bucks jesse from breaking bad is enfp . i know , i know , aaron paul is not necessarily enfp , but i think he should be the poster boy for it ... ok , confessions of a teacher here : you will likely never use it . unless you choose to pursue a career in math or science , you will probably not ever need to know how to graph shit . very basic ... wow . i would not have guessed what you look like based on your avatar . you don't look like a happy dancing reindeer sort of guy . yes , i'd say you are rugged looking ( and not the rug on the head type ... do we just trust you on this one ? is that you flipping a pancake ? when i think ' rugged ' , i think plaid jackets and facial hair . curly chest hair that peeks up from the collar . like an italian ... february , pisces . i fit it pretty well . but then my husband is an istj , birthday one day before and he fits a lot of it too . so there goes that . yay ! we have boomonster and thewildone ? ! welcome to the club , friends . i learn tricks for how to navigate my istj vicariously through all the posts on here , so i love the idea of more contributors . greetings noob . have no fear , this forum is exactly the kind of place for posts like this . i come here to explore the many facets of my enfp ' diagnosis ' and see how it is manifested in other people , ... that was me and yes that about sums it up . people who complain about their ' lot ' in life but do nothing to change it . '