i'm not sure why it happens to me . i've done it since i can remember though . i was literally wincing at the recall of an embarrassing memory . once that happened , the back of my mind went rogue ... does everyone else fret about small stupid things you've said or done years ago ? today i kept catching myself thinking about mistakes i had made literally years ago . they don't affect my life at all ... my neighbor chases his dog with a broom to get her to go inside ... wtf now that is a progressive thought . if only people with power kept that in mind . sometimes i wish i just knew what i know , you know ? just hand picked 10 lbs of apples . who wants some baked goods ? : kitteh : its really hot where i live so i was trying to use the oven as little as possible . any suggestions ? the apples are sweet ... is today over yet ? welcome to perc . enjoy the community ! cognitive functions may also be interesting for you . they can help you further explore and communicate about mbti . ... she's back to normal ! update : the dog had surgery for internal bleeding . still should be just fine . yesterday we heard the neighbor's dog ( chiauiau mix ) barks turn to cries for help . the three of us run to the backyard to see a coyote with dog's neck in its mouth . i quickly decided i was going to ... i have a weird obsession with beverages . i have brought three different drinks up to my room tonight , beer , orange juice and water . i just couldn't say no ... to any of them . you know you are an infj when you can feel when something is wrong . like a spidy sense coming from inside your belly . there are two kind of people . those who like fast and the furious and the those who do not . the stranger by albert camus nietzsche has always interested me as far as nonfiction essays go . agreed . anxiety is a symptom of living in the future and depression is a symptom of living in the past . in the simplest of terms . i stole this from the intj's metamd . do you have depression ? do you have panic attacks and anxiety ? do you have mania and a mood disorder ? do you have borderline / narcissistic personality ? do ... coherence crunchtime diamante distry rebelgoatalliance sahilulu scyllla shio the time traveler yet another intj i forgot submarine . where do these stories come from ? when i'm feeling down or anxious at night i watch studio ghibli or wes anderson films . howl's moving castle and the life aquatic put me to sleep even in the most stressful of situations . what ... there is a technique for combating anxiety called grounding . look at something , touch something , listen to something , smell something , taste something . the idea is that you use each one of your ... what are your quirks ? most of my quirks are introvert related . how do you approach issues ? usually head on . unless i doorslam someone . what plucks at your heartstrings ? ethos ethos ethos ... people don't know what to do when confronted with my anxiety ( my awkward movements , irregular speech etc . ) sometimes it makes other people uncomfortable enough to express it to me . i got yelled at ... i broke up with the cheaters . agreed , i start to miss people hours before they even leave . this also goes the other way for me too . when i don't see the need to be emotionally invested i cannot even pretend to care . i think we ( ni-dom ) are difficult to spot . so on the rare occasion you meet a male infj you'll probably mistype them . i wonder why this isn't a sticky . every time i notice it's not . 19,000 thanks is significant alone . 1 ) how do nfs relate / converse with sjs on a deep level ? you start at the surface and gain deeper levels as the days pass . 2 ) how do you speak their eq ? i don't even try . it's more frustrating for ... i have felt this way for a long time . every time i am introduced to a new social environment i look for an enfp . i have been working at this job for a year . i have had my promotion and have been ... people argue about this in cycling often . if an upgrade in bike , parts , gear , kit will make you want to ride more then it seems like a good investment to me . even if it just looks more appealing to ... i have been working as hard as i could and i finally got my promotion . isn't frustrating as hell when the newbie is getting a promotion too . even though he totaled a truck doing $ 21,000 in damage , ... easily the best advice posted so far . what's my personality type ? could you look at the stickies in this subforum ? there are a couple questionnaires that you could fill out and post . that would make it much easier for us to assess ... there is often a metaphorical triangle used to describe something similar . the sides of the triangles are : 1 ) good grades 2 ) enough sleep 3 ) satisfying social life . it seems that students ... expect to meet lots of people . i was thinking of similar things . maybe relive your live starting at age 4 or earlier but in japan . i think leela in futurama tried something like that . agreed functions helped me the most in finding my type . tests only gave me some where to start . i don't know that i have ever tested as an infj . i usually test as an infx ( no more than a couple ... i agree with this entirely . i often desire to see one person ( my so , one close friend , or relative ) on my day off . though i like to sit down and do something relaxing ( most likely not talk too ... arguments from my childhood still bother me . it is frustrating . i did this yesterday and really made an ass of myself . i was really stressed and annoyed with the situation i was in yet i ... you know your an istj when you often don't realise there was an underlying meaning until it is too late . i love practicing calming my mind and meditation in general . i do not enjoy being stuck with nothing to fill my time . i have to work 9 to 11 hours just waiting to do 2 or 3 ten minute tasks every ... apathy i'm 60/40 . 50 percent of the time i despise my personality because of the cons . 50 percent of the time i love my personality type because of the advantages . 10 percent of the time the advantages ... my romantic relationship with an infp was indeed increasingly painful and frustrting . i can see it working mine was just one of the bad experiences . you are not the only one . i have had similar experiences because of anxiety . when i first start to date someone the same thing usually happens . we start dating for a few weeks . i start to get ... this . i try not to post anything i do not approve in : 1 ) the content must be on topic ( to a point ) , moral and rich . 2 ) the structure used to communicate my idea . 3 ) the spelling and grammar ... my legs are rather muscular from cycling . i am by no means a body builder though . i don't want to carry around all that extra weight . at least now i have something to strive for . canadian cyber security based start up here i come . is it weird that i get nervous revealing my plans on the internet ? : cool : welp . going to have to find another way to move to canada