' theres different types of meditation . mindfulness would be like focusing where you run to and its stress reducing . there's also like ones where they have you try to quiet your thoughts and focus your ... interesting but short article i found with entps brain and meditation this post is hilarious but i actually relate . so many valuable friendships down the drain because they couldn't do friends after feels :/ girl don't worry about it , the right one won't fall for you ... i get really bad anxiety ( thanks mom ) and as a result , depersonalization disorder . so meditation is sort of a must at this point . it's the only thing that stops me from stupid worrying . what i notice ... 568938 so sorry for the editting i got this off my instagram but here's when drawing on paper was too mainstream heh . it was based off my obsession with lucid dreaming , i so very wanted to be a ... oh god i fall hard . i'm pretty obsessive and think about all the fun things i can do and how to charm them . it embarrasses me admirtting that though . i'm more flirty and sparkly more willing to ... well here's my experience . in the beginning it was great , i found he easily caught on to my ideas and it was really fun . i loved how we just played around all the time and he was so into random ... basic questions : 1 ) age or age range ? 18 2 ) city , country and / or region ? united states 3 ) tell us something about your social life ? currently dormant 4 ) current occupation and / or career ... man im starting to believe it , thanks ! omg a terrible dream it was . i don't know how to explain it really but it felt like everything was pointless and i was just gonna be stuck sad and alone forever . obviously i knew it was illogical , ... 554970 woof so basically i've figured it all out , of course after going completely hay-wire . basically aan over emphasis of ne-fe , ti basically became a slave to fe . when that happened , all hell broke lose . i ... hey ! ! so it turns out i really am a entp ! just wanted to come back and complement you on the awesome iintuiting man . i can't figure it out . i'm either a highly detached 4w5 intellectualizing my emotions and such or i'm a 5w4 who's trying to sort out their emotions properly so she can feel them . i'm unsure however ... beyond the screen : by a broken pixel a broken pixel in the screen zoom out i should look blue but instead you came across the ocean of other pixels that don't quite match my hue i don't seem ... i agree with you , i was kind of over generalizing the functions . i guess i was just trying to work out how doing certain activities that may appear anti-ni can actually recharge you . but your right , ... i've been trying to figure out exactly what it means to recharge for the infj . * * * in theroy , would it be something that engages ni / ti rather than fe / se ? and if that's true , wouldnt things like ... wow it's actually quite amazing how much of a consensus there is . i myself for years have been bottling up my emotions , i'm now paying the price with things like depression , ... what happens when you guys don't somehow express your emotions ? how do you guys appear ? i think you hit the nail on the head , i was really stressed at the time and perhaps that's how it was manifesting through my behavior . not sure if other infjs relate but i could imagine a consensus thank you <3 so alone and empty .. i've been depressed for like a year and it's not getting much better . i don't know where to go to at this point . i just wish i had a real friend when under extreme stress , i become autistic . usually all i can get out is a mumble and i end up appearing super awkward . being i have school and highly extroverted friends ( kill me ) it was like ... bumping this thread because in hopes to actually hear an esfp perspective on this . my mother is an esfp and i'm going through the same exact frustrations , i can barely be in the room with her at this ... i agree . i was hoping i would because then i would possibly be able to work on some sort of action plan towards emotional balance . mbti is also super personalized when it comes to that stuff and i ... that's what i originally thought . but i take a lot of what i originally wrote back . or at least with a grain of salt . the thing is now that i'm in a clearer state of mind and well i feel like it's ... i use to think i was a enfp for a long time , but that was before i got into the cognitive functions . i sometimes would test as it too . i know for sure i do not have te in my function stack though ... well yes .. i'm pretty sure i use ti and fe though and like you i also experience fi and possibly si ? ? under stress hmm i think your right ... i'm pretty sure i was experiencing ne the other day though . but it was uncontrollable ... so i guess that just means it's unconscious . and i'm 18 .. and sure ! well false alarm guys , that was my shadow talking ! ahhh i guess maybe i am infj . i just don't actually feel like i use ni over ne all that much .. i also feel like i may have experienced a si-grip rather than a se-one . ughh i can't even tell anymore lol more on the t side .. although i value tact because it is a very important part of getting the truth across . i value truth more than anything . peoples feelings and how i should act really stiffens ... fe seems to be more of a challenge for me .. i only think about others feelings when i'm really stressed out . and your correct it's just how i go about it seems a lot less infj .. and i'd love to share ... i'll show you instead .. i mean it's short but i went on a entire rant about something else after this . but yeah this is from my journal , i basically just use it to brain dump . ok so i do believe i ... okay i'm really confused . for the past year or so i've been really depressed and along the way i found mbti . ( again ) i resonate a lot with the infj profile and my tests had high intuitive scores , ... i agree .. i use to naturally counteract this in the way of dieting , exercise , make-up , and meditation . this was long before i knew about se grips or even se for that matter . one day i just decided to ... i felt the same way about my enfp . i constantly regret leaving him .. we had such a wonderful connection and actually it's been 3 years now and we still do . can't shake the feeling and i'm pretty sure ... my goodness and who hurt you ? you obviously still have some feelings to work through . please excuse yourself off my thread . i like your ideas ! i wonder if the shadow version of ourselves is us actually just losing control over the id . perhaps why we become so impulsive and represent our estp opposites . although ... if that's true how does one actually balance them ? through which part will this balancing take place ? i can't say much more though if we are going off different definitions of the ego . well i imagine it as the ability to move forward in life in a fulfilling and realistic way . and haha i too imagine a see-saw ! i agree that in theory it is possible but i don't think complete ... in psychoanalytic terms , the ego isn't the self , only a part of it . the ego is the conciousness , the balance between reason and desire . so actually if one allows the super ego to predominantly ... it's not natural for us to be resorting to ti . without the extroverted functions we become trapped in our own world and will eventually become disillusioned and probably very ill . i don't believe ... also , through integration does one successfully balance their functions ? so one finds complete peace through the ego ? what functions also are representative of the three ? ( please link any sources ... for example , yesterday i was feeling good , thinking positive . eventually i noticed the change and i immediately got anxious and automatically returned to being upset and pessimistic . it also ... for the past year i've been constantly depressed / stressed . i'm so impulsive it's gross , i'm also really giddy and i appear unintelligent ( air headed ) . i become the ultimate people pleaser . i also ... * furiously nods * as an infj , you're going to need to set boundaries . i use to think this was selfish .. i couldn't stand hurting people . i mean if i'm not going to listen and be there for them .. who will ? wrong ... dear enfp guy , freaking message me already ! ! ! you know i suck at starting conversations , i mean look at how the last one turned out . and ok i know i've been kind of odd lately but i really just ... '