' wow , looks like i'm the only asshole who put more . :P sorry , i was just kidding , don't take me seriously . anyway i completely relate . i feel like this a lot too . i often feel superior to people ... sj . just way too much for me ... too everything . too righteous , too stuck in their ways , too conformist , too cut-and-dry , too serious . but there are a few i like , just the majority of the ... my thoughts are often in debate form . i'm constantly having mental conversations with myself , and sometimes it's quite amusing . other times it just irritates me , and i'm always talking to myself . when you get a chance , go to youtube and listen to country song by seether ; this song is quite fitting for my reaction to my anti-type . : o type 1 ! definitely ... i can see myself in this type , ... the childhood message is definitely not what causes a personality type , but it's more the message we sent ourselves based on our surroundings at a very young age ( and on a very subconscious level ) ... social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either overwhelming , because of my astute awareness of what lies ... i feel like the 4 , 5 , and 6 would kill themselves almost instantly , the 3 , 7 , 8 and possibly the 1 would attack everyone else like wild beasts with know restraint , and the 2 and the 9 would curl up ... i'm pretty certain that my mbti type is entp , but i've struggled with shyness for most of my life and so sometimes lose track of the difference between introversion and extroversion due to ... i've been really debating my enneagram type also lately . i'm very sure that i'm an entp , but i don't seem to feel completely comfortable identifying with typical entp etypes ; 3 and 7 . i've ... roseanne ! i love it so much i'd marry it if i could . it never gets old ; i can watch the episodes over and over again and never get tired of the humor . i also love king of queens , everybody loves ... oh , i would definitely say enfjs are the most conventionally feminine of the types . e : very sociable , friendly , lively , and chatty . of course , these are not strictly feminine traits , but i'd ... absofuckinglutely ! i love you sweet , lovely , beautiful , happy people . i wish i could find me an nf lady to soften my hard edges , and warm up the cold parts of me , and spark the passion in me . i'd ... ' the vampire chronicles ' by anne rice , or ' the lives of the mayfair witches ' by anne rice . both are pretty dark . the vampire chronicles has a total of 10 books , and it's absolutely captivating ... well , i love myself because it's easy for me to turn everything into a positive thing , no matter what . we tend to do that . it makes everyone an optomist when they're around us . and we're hella ... i answered yes for 18/20 . but like someone else said , a few of them were kind of iffy yeses . most were hell yeses , but some were in a gray area . i've never been diagnosed with it . i'm researching ... ah , but what is an entp if not a legend ? even if it is in our own minds . we're still awesome in one way or another . oh yeah , i think it's ' cause we get laid . we have the most charm , the best social skills , the most ease in the spot light , and we're the funniest ... these qualities aren't associated with ... hahaha , i can't tell you how many times i've done that . and i reread my forum posts and emails and stuff over and over again to make sure it has the right flow , and nothing looks funny , and even ... absofuckinglutely ! i'm just as , if not more , irresistably hilarious in reality as i am in my mind . well , i like to think so . of course , i have my weak moments of doubt . sometimes i worry that ... yes , but as we all know , there are many people who don't have a clue what a sense of humor even is , so again , this may not work . but it could be fun . someone start . let's see if it flies or if it ... oooo that wouldnt be good . this is a little belated , but i feel like answering this question anyway . i'm a girl , but of course i'm gay , i've been in similar situations . i say that estps definitely like to talk to ... being appreciated for my humor , my physical appearance , or my skills in a certain area . basically , estps like to be appreciated , not necessarily in an over the top admiring way , but just touch our ... :) yay , i'm just straight up gregarious and charming . i'll think of my list hopefully over the day , but this looks kind of fun and challenging . estp 1 ) hilarious 2 ) playful 3 ) spontaneous 4 ) energetic 5 ) easily amused enneagram : 7w8 thanks , this most helped me realize i must be estp . no , i do not cry at movies , and i hate showing my emotions to others . it's embarrassing when people know i've been crying . and i think more people ... mm , not even to mention us overwhelmingly sexy estp girls . ;) seriously though , i can see how this makes sense . i think i'm most attracted to other extroverts and other perceiving types . enfps and ... hmm , is this only for isfps ? ah well , i'll put in my two cents anyway , especially since i've dated an isfp girl before . my x was an artist , and since i'm visually impaired and can't see visual ... totally understandable . it's true , i can be helpful and feel good when helping people , but i'm not a particularly generous person . so i have a question . might i simply be an affectionate estp ? ... hello . i am pretty sure i'm an estp , but not 100 % . i'm wondering if i might actually be an esfp . i've done this before , only last time i thought i might be an istp , which now i realize was a ... lol , my thoughts exactly . some of the stuff on it looks pretty decent , but when i read that i didn't understand where they were coming from . at first i even thought that the boyfriend was the estp ... hey . so , i was reading some psychological profiles from socionics.com , and there's a list of profiles called uncovered . this means that the description of the type focuses on the negative traits ... mbti : estp enneagram : 7w8 , 8w7 , 3w4 sp / sx zodiac : capricorn day of birth ( with time if you know ): december 29 , 1995 , 9:00 p . m . socionics type ( if you know it ): sle place of birth ( town / city , ... i usually find that the entj girl i know is interested in some of the same things i am , but just ... more of it . like , i'm a history buff . but the reasons we are both interested in history are ... as a whole , i get along fine with nts . i guess i get irritated at their tendancy to overanalyze certain things , or sometimes they may seem like they're showing off their superior intelect by making ... i'm pretty sarcastic and wry , so on a daily basis that's how i come across . but what really makes me laugh is the unintentional humor , the light-hearted stupid humor , as someone else put it . i laugh ... oh wow , you infps are such inevitably good people . i mean , the way you are able to understand and feel compassion for just about anyone , and how you can look at the world in such an open way , makes ... ok , then i have a question . how would you entp ladies compare your sex drives , in general , to that of an estp woman ? and along the same lines , an enfp to an esfp ? i'm just curious since we tend to ... intps are not only smarter than me , have deeper thoughts than i do , and are cooler than i am , but all the intps i know have an amazing fashion sense ... coincidence ? i think not . intps simply must ... thank you , this is very helpful . yeah , i agree , it seems a bit like something that only a 16 year old would do . i'm not sure about her enneagram type , but if i think about it , type 6 seems about ... if you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal , would animal would represent you ? a monkey ! it sounds stupid , but they are so care-free and happy , and everyone loves them . unless you have ... ok , first let me see if i understand the question . you're asking if you can trust this person to be a longterm friend and to help you and keep in confidence your personal problems which you would ... hello . so , one of my best friends is an istj . it's like the friendship of heaven , pretty much . we never argue , because we never hurt each other's feelings or expect hugs and long deep emotional ... hi i'm ... very ... upset right now guys , so ... i'm going to ask as politely as my emotions will allow at the moment ... please stop being so rude and inconsiderate of other people's feelings , ... this was exactly my conflict a little while ago . i considered myself an estp because i tend to be pretty outgoing around friends & family , & i figured i might just be a quiet extrovert . i concluded ... thanks everyone who replied , i really appreciate it . i think i understand this a lot more . i'm pretty sure now that i'm not an introvert , even though i can be quiet & stand-offish at first , because i ... i'm observing myself more closely . i'm going to figure this out if it's the last thing i do , but honestly i'm seeing istp in myself . i still see a little bit of estp , but i'm thinking overall ... if i'm in a small gathering of good friends , i tend to be much more outgoing & take less time actually deeply thinking . but it's the fact that i need to absorb information & think about things after ... as for hobbies , i play the violin . i express myself better through it & i picture colors in my head while i play . it's invigorating . i love running & riding my bike , because i have a lot of pent up ... i don't know why , but i've recently had an inkling that i may actually be istp . i realize that i quite often change my mind about things , but this time i'm seriously considering i may have been ... '