about 3 ... i like my achievements to be acknowledged but i'm not interested in personal attention without cause . i'm so glad i live in the uk you may want to see your doctor about the ellie goulding thing am i the only one who thinks there's a lot more people in tv and films that seem to be intj or , at least , an evil genius , than there are in real life ? it's very misleading when everyone on tv is ... i don't know how to stop i think people should have some sort of test or appraisal before they become parents . you have someone come to look over your house before you adopt a dog ... but no one checks up on you if you're ... hooray ! i am also from england . jolly good show . ( i made a flow chart to explain our very complicated posting system . boss has decided to turn my handwritten document into a print-out ) b-can you change this so it's correct please k-it's already ... you read back the last few posts you've written and start suspecting you're a megalomaniac ... so you google megalomaniac and start trying a spot of self diagnosis :) i already tested myself for ... you want to punch people who ask questions about something you've done because you feel that everything you do is so obviously logical that , if they didn't understand it the first time , then no ... you decide you want a mentor to help you make some decisions about the trajectory of your life , then realise - a ) you don't know anyone more intelligent than yourself b ) you have never in your life ... thank you , i use them as sarcasm indicators to soften any potential insult . i have learned the hard way ... i would like a society of just me :D i'm working on a plan to live like a hermit ... it's a long term goal . you frequently get yourself and other people in trouble because you can't see the point in lying about anything you don't want friends , but sometimes you want to want friends . do twitter followers count as friends ? if so , i have loads of friends , and i talk at them all the time :D seriously though that's the ideal level of intimacy i want , 140 characters with someone in ... i find that appearing to express empathy is adaptive , up to a point . if someone is usually reliable and useful , but is upset on infrequent occasions , empathy keeps them on your side for when they ... i entertain myself enormously , i love reading and creating and i live at least 60 % of my life inside my head . i very infrequently feel bored , but when i do it's because of social duties ie work , ... you see a couple walking along holding hands or cuddling each other and you get really annoyed because it's such an inefficient walking method . for goodness sake ! you are different heights , one of ... heyyy sexyy wats uppp eurgh go away i only want to talk to people who have something to say ! i like a comfortable silence ... i hate getting texts , it's almost as bad as talking to people ! it's like ' can i ask you a question ? ' you just did ! the main thing i dislike about most of the drugs , legal and illegal , that i have personal experience with is the effect they have on the user . they make you boring . you think you're being ... what makes you say that ? it's like you read my mind ! being in the perfect spot where you can see the optimal number of people without being visible yourself is called ' cat chess ' and being in a corner is always safest , i have a very intense one sided relationship with terry pratchett , i consider him my grandfather who i never met or was related to i found a fantastic quote in pratchett , stewart and cohen's science of the discworld - i am sorry . it is hard to convey five-dimensional ideas in a language evolved to scream defiance at the monkeys ... 109146 i don't speak for ages , because i'm on my own , then i say ' good morning ' at work and it comes out like a toad croaking i can be a bit monotonous and low toned when i speak , but then when i'm talking to myself or quite excited about something , i go really high pitched , or sing to myself . i guess i'm just never excited ... i love craft of every sort ! i really enjoy the process-planning , designing , creating , fixing problems as they occur ... i don't finish as many projects as i start but i love the engineering behind ... i want a scientist friend ! or an engineer ! or a textiles designer , or an author , or a dog breeder , or or or ... i'm proud of mine ! female intjs may be as little as 0.8 % of the population so i feel pretty special . also , i like that we are stereotyped as ' scientists ' even though i'm into textiles ... i read ... the myths of the norsemen and the science of the discworld 4 by pratchett , stewart and cohen no ! i've moved house a lot so i don't know anyone from my childhood . i am still in contact with a couple of people from uni who i haven't managed to alienate yet but i only speak to them about once a ... really showy , in a public place or at my work , with a huge amount of social pressure ! possibly to a sports event or worse , to ' i don't mind , it's up to you . ' you win ! i was only bruised . did you bite yourself deliberately or simply fall mouth-first onto your own body ? i hope so ! maybe one day i will make a friend ! i was bitten by a parrot and for bonus points , i was pooped on by a pet rat german comedian henning wehn has reduced me to tears of laughter at least twice . i don't want to disappoint you but that is not my natural colour :D i like to knit really complicated things ! lace , tiny toys and vintage / antique patterns . at the moment i'm knitting a 1940s sweater / jumper with a cat pattern i have discovered the perfect flirting style-stare at the person intently , while blushing . if they notice you , ask an irrelevant and slightly dodgy question like ' what is the strangest animal that ... hello hello i am from britain , i like knitting , crochet , dressmaking , baking , superheroes , norse mythology , light quantum mechanics ( pop science book level ) , sci fi and fantasy ... i don't really ... how do other people enjoy life without knowing every single detail about every subject they come across ? i get super frustrated by people that keep making the same mistakes ... usually because i correct the mistakes when they aren't looking so they don't realise the possible outcome of their mistakes ...