' i wonder what an istj 6 would be like ? enfp 6w ? here ... i am constantly worried about money and constantly bouncing my ideas for dealing with my future off anybody and everybody who will listen . officer or enlisted ? i think i am this mbti / enneagram combo . what do you think ? ne-dom works , but i've always been a little spacey for se-dom 674210 i am not sure if i am tert si or tert te i want to go air force tipo please do enneagram and mbti question one . are you vegan or vegetarian for moral reasons ? is your bedroom messy ? frankly , i don't give a crap about nonhumans unless it benefits humanity in ... i am very far left , so a little trickery may be necessary , but i will feel dirty about it . i will try to keep as pure as possible , though . i think i've built up i'm not sure if i've ever seen one , and though i mistyped as enfp a while since i'm not shy , i decided infp really fits better due to my energy focus . i have the ideals for politics , i just need ... it's a 1000 times worse at work than anywhere else , and i get this type of anxiety especially around my boss . ... please tell me it's all in my head . that look i see from people ... are they judging me , or just glancing at me ? i thought it was real , but my long-lost sister told me i'm fine and cool and i'm ... wow ... it's so nice to know i have somebody who understands what i'm going through . i think humor and relaxing are going to be hard for me , as i'm quite used to needing to be hyper-alert for things to ... going to try to swap to a new adhd med . the last one was hurting my heart . going to be a rough next few weeks while i slowly up the dose . in the meantime , how do i get less ... serious ? it's hard ... i started in the field 5 months ago , but i only transferred to this store about 3 weeks ago , since the first store wasn't busy enough , and since all the jobs i hadn't learned in those 5 months were ... ok . i've dealt with adhd and anxiety disorder , so i am pretty high-strung at work trying not to overlook anything . i lost my first technician job , and i've been really ... ok , your right that i might ... i get kinda close to my grandmother . she's been sick , though . there is this emptiness , like you aren't connected to the people you spend your time with . i relate to this very well . . i might be on my boss's good side . she told me once you get your act together , your going to be a great technician . you're loyal , you're honest , you never talk back , you never call in , and you're ... very touching . cool anime avatar . you mean agnostic atheist , while explictly rejecting antitheism , right ? that aligns with what you said , the best , since antitheism rejects the value of religion , while agnostic atheism simply means ... now , i suspect infp 5w4 - - 2w1 - - 9w1 sp / so ... ( most definitely sp-dom , anyway ) . i don't do that . instead , i go on the internet and vent to strangers . sounds like my mom . i never knew there were so many opportunities . unfortunately , journalism isn't growing like it used to due to the prevalence of tv , smartphones , and the internet in general . by the way , i also tend to remain casual--even when serious ! journalism isn't growing like it used to , unfortunately . also , i remain casual even when serious ! i haven't really read this since i'm about to go to bed , but i just wanted to say i'm considering social work , too . perhaps . we will see if the stars align . surprising i deal with it . that is respectable . so , you are a diest ? you sense this entity as an emotional force ? i'm like you ! you need to do x or we aren't going to make it ! i'll do y , and jimmy can do z ! if that fails , i freak out , like big time . i do not believe in the supernatural . my ethics are informed by science and reason . despite being pretty sure the dieties mankind worships do not exist , i am agnostic in the sense that i ... i know what you mean . i only wear shorts and short-sleeves and sandals , personally , unless i have to put on more . i've heard that , too . you're sweet.omg , don't think ! i wish i had your brainwhy did you do that ? i love and hate it for the same reasons ! i thought these images were interesting . how nice of you to welcome me ! i am very glad to be here , and i look forward to posting on this site . greetings ! it is late and a school night . goodnight ! ( i just wanted to pop inx 85 ) '