' my father is estp my mother is isfj giving birth to an infj , intp , isfp , istj , and last but not least , infp ( me ! ) i want cocaine boring , reminiscing , calm hey i'm an infp . i have some videos on my youtube . i would love to do a web talk with another person . from any of the 16 types . my channel is youtube.com/user/ternak001 i wonder what the reason is . i was depressed because my thinking and the way i processed information was flawed , emotionally i guess . i was always a happy kid growing up , but by 11th grade high school i was stuck in the everyday ... isfp . wild guess haha , appropriate protocol . i like how you word things . it's interesting to me . i always liked people who can be outspoken . shit ! i fell for it ! i ended up sucking up to you ! as for all those ... i love your post . you are such an infp . i am too , and i connect with you totally . keep on thinking positive , work towards what you want in life , keep on improving your personality . the thing ... i concur with the post above . from the information you gave me , i conclude you're an istp . how do i know ? one of my best friends that i've known since 2nd grade is an istp . and he loves ... hey entj . did you forget to consider everyone's feelings and ideas ? i was just a little nervous because i'm about to move across the country by myself . but i know i'm doing to to pursue my dream of acting . just worried about that damn thing called money . do you remember your first kiss ? uh huh was it a long passionate kiss or a short peck on the lips ? short peck on the lips how old were you ? 14 do you remember your first kiss with ... on the phone , uhhh while pacing around . fuck it yeah just smile and act like you care . i'm an actor . so yes . haha i am an infp and this is what this test says about me ; the most important person for me to have is a real friend . the size of my problems is about a wolf-sized big , which is lower-medium sized i ... i'm a good actor . i'm nice . funny . deep . smart . very fucking straightforward . ignoring other people's emotions to the maximum . telling them how it should be done . listing reasons . being a leader . being in charge of a conversation . cynical ... i always feel uncomfortable talking on the phone , especially when you can't understand what the person said . then there's awkwardness that could've been avoided if i just saw the person and talked to ... my sister is an istj , so i can relate on how istj's think . i know it may seem strange that infp's have silent power , we're trying to help everyone . we're not going to try to sabotage you unless you ... thank you . i haven't read any books on method acting , but i've more exposed my conscious to the different types of acting . i take in all all acting and combine them . but , when it comes down to a ... i act and i would consider myself a method actor . i do take meisner technique into consideration when i'm doing comedy . but , overall it's about becoming the character . eh , might as well share ... personal : psychologist , creator , individual the others : caring , honest , respected there is a lot of information and video following john lennon . he was very open during interviews , read my argument above your comment . there's a lot more to it than just his music . there is a lot of ... i believe he is an infp . he is my favorite musician , big influence on my life . just listening to what he thought about life , and his explanations . i definitely relate to the guy . i don't really think ... this is a interesting video about empathy . psychologist simon baron-cohen analyzes and explains empathy . something each and every one of us have a different level of . and yes , he is related to sacha ... well , my main focus is myself , then to help others on the way , that need to be helped . just focus on what you do yourself , and people will respect you automatically , or sometimes maybe not . but , at ... yes , we're interested in the same things , but it's what our main focus is that differentiates us . as far as the lightheartedness , i would agree but it does depend on the situation . honestly , thinking ... dude , estp's type so differently than infp's ! i don't get it yeah ( don't say anything at all ) that's true , but .. i have nothing else to type i'm feeling pretty good right now . just got a call for a job interview , before that , i was feeling a little helpless about how i will bring in money to support my acting . today , i'm going for a ... exactly ! infp and intp have the same way of how to understand something and appreciating it . now , cheese is kind of a cheesy example , no pun intended , but it does have some insight on how intuition ... i would agree that infp's and isfp's are different in face / conversation value . it really depends , isfp's are more focused on themselves i would say , but from experience , they are mostly in the ... i forgot ! no one will ever fully understand the intp ! i respect you guys , me and an intp will go on for hours using intuition to talk about stuff . like , for example , me and my brother were eating ... i am meant to be an actor . so i can portray life . because i study life 24/7 . i'm an infp . i'm very interested in isfp's because they are the other types of artists . let's face it people , infp's and isfp's are the real artists of the world . ( writing , painting , acting , ... i believe this is one way infp's and infj's are similar . my brother , who is an infj , always loves watching movies . he never really talks and discusses about it though , but he watches a ton of movies ... yes i get bored . so i just find something to do . you guys would be surprised . it may seem as though show business and the art world might be too competitive for the infp . but , if not art , what else ? business ? hah ! yeah right , i wouldn't even have ... i'll be sitting in a chair , quietly , thinking about how special of an occasion this is ! smiling . i admire intp's for being so smart while remaining individualistic . but they can get on my nerves sometimes for being stubborn . i think isfp's are the infp's fellow artist . estp's can be amusing and ... i smoke to look cool for myself . i found out other people don't think you're that cool when you smoke . they more say , that'll kill ya , you know and i want to say , no shit hey guess what . i'm infp , i smoke cigarettes because i know they won't affect me now , i'll quit before i'm 30 . probably when i'm around 25 i'll quit . i'm just enjoying them because it's a dying ... we are very intellectual . at least i'm an infp who is ( i grew up with an intp older brother who taught me a lot of intellectual stuff ) . we have the ability to be very smart while seeking a moral ... you have a good way of living life told to me by an istp friend of mine . same ! les miserables , first time i saw the production was actually when the new movie came out with hugh jackman . but the 10th anniversary has way better singers . especially phillip quast instead of ... they call me an actor . it's what i'm automatically good at . gonna try to get into a theatre academy in l . a . soon . right now , i work at a grocery store . it's awesome . just kidding . i mean i can deal ... this is like a catch - 22 for infp's . infp's work for the great of humanity , yet have very close relationships to a few select people , perhaps the infp's family . maybe the people who voted for killing ... you have the best one-liners . '