' okay , i'm firing , since i obsess about this more than i really ought to . i'm sorry , long post ahead , you can ignore if you want ... i'm not sure if i'm infp , enfp , infj , enfj , or maybe some other ... 53 % infj , 47 % infp . and the unsureness continues . i feel like i use fe over fi , and ti over te , but use ne over ni ( yet have the ni-type conclusions and stubbornness ) , and relate to infp's like ... yes , though i've had less than a linear path to where i'm at currently ... when i was a kid , i wanted to make video games . i couldn't think of much else that i was enthusiastic about . then sometime ... i know that ni and se is just short-hand for introverted intuition and extroverted sensing , but i always pronounce them as knee and say in my mind , almost like how spanish and japanese vowel ... it is indeed one of many reasons why i have such a cynical outlook on life's pointlessness . i'm aware of the hopeless chase for money . i hate money . as a college student , and a young adult saving ... i made this post a little over 7 months ago and people still read it all the same . but my , how things change over time . i won't go all out and say i have no signs of bpd . and at the time of this ... it's a glass with some amount of water . i don't have enough information to know whether it's truly half . let's suppose it is half . it would be both half full and half empty , then . i'm more of a cynical nf . years ago i would've just jumped at killing being wrong 100 % of the time , but these days , the jaded aspect to my personality's come out a lot more . killing one person would ... i think i've gotten used to it , just a little bit . what . i'm clumsy and i tend to piss myself off . my word ... yes , this appears to be the case . in all seriousness , this does annoy me a bit . i'm not easily annoyed , anyways . i've never tried to get into a relationship . never once have i ever asked anyone out or pursued anything . also , i have an underlying feeling that people wouldn't like me if i got too close to ... cold . why do i end up choosing to sit next to windows , everywhere i go ? especially when i don't like cold things to begin with . cold . meh , i hate winter . i can be quite the romanticist , but as for actual romance , i've actually been one to keep my distance . quite a contrary here , i see . i can get crushes based on looks , but i'm always aware that ... people . and why not , people are scary . : s infx , agnostic . i hate religious discussion because it's a topic people can't seem to discuss calmly , on any side of a debate . typically , at least . i was raised christian . i used to be a ... depression - major . i don't feel the need to get into this . bipolar type 1/2 - it's either type 2 or borderline personality disorder . anxiety / panic attacks - in specific , social anxiety ... emo being short for emotional would be a fallacy . it's not like i get called emo for showing happy emotions . emo music typically sucks , anyways . * sorry to any emo-music listeners i may have ... i find myself really drawn to enfp's , and could definitely imagine a happy relationship with an enfp . until we end up burning each other out with the feelings and emotions and stuff . a ... yes , although it's more like my thinking is impaired at all moments but at night . in general actually , despite waking up rather early every day , i'm just non-functional in the morning . well , shit , is that a kyuubey anthropomorphism in your avatar ? anyways , i've been called cute on multiple occasions . i have not been called other endearing adjectives of the sort . i was too cute ... i don't believe in love , or at least , don't believe that i am specifically capable of it . but whatever works for anyone else . i'm like this , but unfortunately , i've become a somewhat bitter person anyways . i'm just working to try and get back to a more neutral point of view . i don't function well as a optimist or pessimist , ... my life has generally been a transition from enfp to infj , from beginning to now . i don't have the strongest j , although it's certainly a j , so i can't be as perfectly organized as say , an estj / istj ... time to get symbolic ! i'd take a shot in the dark . i'd heard this is a j vs . p thing . these days i'm more infj than infp ( i don't want to turn this into a discussion about personality types not being able to change , so please drop it ) , and i've ... yes ! ! ! i'm a musical composer , and have over 6 gb of stuff i've written and composed . ( in quite a few cases , just improvised ) the problem ? not a single one of those songs are finished . they are ... disclaimer : i'm not capable of hating any type or generalizing in any fashion . i hate being around s's , especially es's . i don't hate them , but being around them . i'm more awkward around them and ... so so so so so so sooo much . reading those , i end up emotionally having a hard time deciding whether to laugh or cry about it . but i'll just laugh and call it dark humor . when you're an ... i used to watch sports all the time , especially when i was younger . given , i was a lot more of an enfp than an infj when i was a kid . things change ... i just forgot that a class i took a few quarters ago had a chapter on just this . feminism is just one of those many unfortunate misnomers , whose meaning has been changed over the years . it's one of those weird things . when i don't get it , i hate it and just want it to go away . metaphorically , i'll go cry in a corner in fear from it . but once i get it , i completely fall in love ... i'd love to be a counselor , but honestly , i don't feel like i should be doing so . i'd end up in a pathetic cycle of trying to easily declare the silver lining to others ' dark clouds , while hiding ... honestly , i'm tired to hell with my life . i won't whine about how good or bad it is . i'm not suicidal , but if i could just take ... like ... a vacation from life , and just sleep for like a year and ... while i wouldn't be inclined to say all people are idiots , as i have too much of an inferiority complex to judge all human beings negatively like that , i ... occasionally i have problems going to sleep , and coffee is sometimes the problem with that . i don't have a strict rule set , but at some point during the day , i would just stop all caffeine intake ... friday . i've been feeling friday . that's about the only day of the week i can tolerate . if i could just stop getting carried away on the internet , i could get playing those rpg's i've been ... i'm generally in the middle between infp and infj , though i'm leaning more towards infj lately . i'm straight , but definitely have masculinity issues i don't talk about so often . i wouldn't pin ... i'm very introverted ; i have social anxiety issues that used to be debilitating . it's just that over time , i've learned to hide it . some people think i'm more of a silly person , some think i'm ... coffee always black . sometimes i'll get a frozen espresso drink ( by default , these usually have a lot of sugar ) . occasionally , some simple latte or cappuccino . i work at both tim horton's and ... short answer , yes . long answer , i have severe depression year-round , which always gets worse when winter rolls around . i hate winter . ugh . grr . i'd just love for a winter where i can hibernate , ... yes . in that case , i'd generally worry about which piece being last would be least ... likely to ruin my day or set me off in a bad direction . i don't step on cracks , either . but i think most of ... while i'd say i'm more melancholic than phlegmatic , this generally makes sense to me . seems a bit unhealthy , but years of major depression and social anxiety will do that . might as well make ... persevering hopelessly for a better future . yes , low self-esteem , self-dislike . i used to be self-hating , but that does more harm than good , to be honest . i need a balance . i want to still be able to dislike myself , but i don't want it to turn ... i couldn't go with that much explanation . that , and i don't have experience with some types . i'll try a few quick ones , though , to start off posts . enfp - there's probably no other type i can have ... honestly , i don't remember . probably some time in the past few months , after a random mood swing filled with desperation about my current life situations and losing it , with depression and stuff ... very often . this , by far , is probably my number one weakness while working . it's even worse when trying to talk , trying to find the right word , and that word slips from memory , so you end up stuck ... yes . i'm really socially awkward . i don't think infp's will express emotions as easily as enfp's would . to express a lot of emotions in different ways such that the average person will easily read , ... i had a hamster once , the only negative point was the nocturnal aspect to him . i'll get a rat next time . i love these small furry mammals . : 3 heheh . ordinarily , i'd have the same problem , with the same depressed , moody , in pain facial expression . i've worked to keep up a happy facade as of late . for one , i don't want anyone asking me if ... '