' the rumor come out . dumbledore does is gay ? i think that i am a living god and everyone else are a bunch of idiots . i also hate social media unapologetically - excepting this and youtube , both of which i would consider different to most social ... swahili if i'm really into it , i start moaning jumbo ! i-am-the-supreme-ruler-of-everythingism is the best type of governance . : crazy : i dunno about a regular sandwich , but since you said sandwich i can't help but think of the sandwich to end all sandwiches 669505 mmmm ... who could be threatened by grilled cheese sandwiches ... feeling pretty intellectually threatened right about now what ? i thought that was how one got all the proverbial ladies . shucks : frustrating : also portmanteau has to be a favorite fantastic + fabulous = fantabulous breakfast + dinner = brunch think ... i had an extreme brain fart when i voted , i meant to vote pro-choice but i just mentally collapsed . whoops i know exactly what you mean . probably ... it's kind of still thinking , but it's a weird undercurrent of thinking that happens when you're really relaxed , and thoughts are still being ... me and my friends drew a map and characters for a game we played in elementary school , however i already talked about that somewhere and i don't feel like typing it all back out or finding it ( for ... introspection ... or am i ? hmmm , this requires a few more showers . i as well , feel this obsession with love , but i am so utterly incapable of a romantic relationship . every time i do much as think of trying , even going the first step towards a relationship , i mire ... the cheesy math jokes are too much for me , i gouda make some different puns . consider me seduced p ( int + esf ) : cool : so uh ... 613970 [ make sure to read all the poll options , certain options are similar save for a few key differences ] when you start to consider submitting to a topic in the forums do you go through a mental ... i don't think that post count necessarily indicates how much of yourself you've revealed . while my post count and rate is pretty significantly lower than your's and sily , and while i have perhaps ... my political leanings are to lean my knife into any politician's flesh . : 3 we're screwed because we don't have options because we're stupid . we have two morons running for president , but that's not actually true . there are independents , but they don't get voted for so they ... far too in depth , and in all the wrong ways , but that's ok . 30 minutes at least , i just can't help myself . i feel kinda bad about it but as soon as i step into the shower's warm watery embrace i just think , wow this is one of the best things ever , i don't ... 4-5 is probably most fitting for me as things are now . however i'm working on it , things are getting better slowly , i just need to devote myself to some more artistically fulfilling things . it's not ... ^ ^ ^ thank you for that image , it is possibly the best thing i have ever been beholden to with my own two eyes . xiiro , you are a true hero among mankind , your contribution is sacred , and all hail the ... when i was in elementary , my friends and i would play a made-up game we called wic , or whatever it's called . believe me , i was proud of myself at the time for coming up with such a tongue-in-cheek ... personally , i've come to peace with death being an absolute end , i just kinda wanna make my life a neat narrative , for my own sake . even if there was an perfect afterlife , it sounds boring . i ... we don't have the endurance to do menial labour and soul-crushing boring jobs to reach the top , and many of us don't exactly have a desire to reach the top . i can't speak for all infp's , but ... most recently been enjoying digibro and his various side channels for anime dissection and ranty fun videos . ok , why not ? going into 10th grade after summer , just for reference . honestly my experience hasn't been half bad . some familial distress between mother and father , but they keep me out of it and ... crater mother - most definitely intp , she took the test and nothing could fit her more dad - esxx , can't really get a feel on the rest of his personality but he's pretty heavily extroverted and sensing i ... first of all , you're pretty normal on the infp spectrum . secondly , if you feel like your social anxiety is really a detriment to your general life , you could probably see a therapist . it's a bit ... i kind of mirror the friends i'm around subconsciously . my friend satchell , and yes that is his name ( genius right ? ) , tells me that around another friend i get kinda defensive and will defend ... i actually do that a lot , i mostly attributed it to mood , but from day to day i could change drastically . i just act very differently depending on my feelings which are mostly influencing by small ... computer programming , hopefully video game programming , to give back to the culture i love just so i do actually quite like dancing , i think if i were to raise kids i'd have them try out some casual home dancing to see if they enjoyed it . it really should be introduced earlier just so kids are ... when swift decides that the thing in eventkit that worked only 5 days ago now doesn't work , nobody has any information on a fix , and my program that's due for it requires code that doesnt work ... i am a visionary and my emotions are very vibrant . i think in a logical way , and i express my energy in an brooding way . in love , i seek passion . i take on the role of the protector . i love ... 491921 i give up , i don't even know i think i would be invisible were it not for my admittedly obnoxious headphones . i also come off as serious and smarter than i may actually be . my now best friend thought i hated him when we first ... people like my hats : crazy : ... and also call me smart i guess i'm ok with that root :op en ( 31 % ) sacral : under-active ( - 12 % ) navel : under-active ( - 31 % ) heart : under-active ( - 19 % ) throat :op en ( 19 % ) third eye :op en ( 38 % ) crown : under-active ( - 38 % ) i don't seem to have ... just came off of the genocide run in undertale , goddamn that last fight tho . also been playing lots of fallout 4 recently , i plan to do a more thorough play-through without quicksaving it's like this cus i usually really like to have my wallpapers at the forefront , and also my games folder is basically just stuff i use now because i quickly tired of the games . 465162 oh yeah , i totally agree on the slow-mo sectiony bits . i just kind of linked it to my brain confusing dream movements and real movements , translating the lack of real movements to a lack of dream ... astralflame yeah , they are actually scarily similar xd , also that flower is probably going to be the object of my research for a few days , these types of things tend to endlessly interest me . : crazy : i usually have dreams that sort of mean something to me , and make me immediately get up and hug the people i love . for instance i had a time travel dream ( i know , starting things off confusing ) where ... i soaked someone's food in hand sanitizer in a futile attempt to poison then in 4th grade . needless to say it didn't work xd . i always sneeze when i walk out into the sun , it's not an allergy or anything , it only happens at day , and it heavily triggers when i look at the sun , but all other lights don't really do it for me . ... isis territory for sure , their whole culture destroying thing is just not cool . aquarius personality or leo personality ? '