' i'm also between those two tritypes . leaning slightly more towards 639 though . i feel like a combination of sp / so , so / sp , and so / sx . i'm less traditional though than typical sp / so , less political than typical so / sp , and more indepedent than typical of so / sx . i kind of ... i read the stickied 6 wings thread here : i should have read that thread before posting , here , lol . from that ... i read other wing descriptions and couldn't figure out if i'm more 6w5 or 6w7 . by this description , i definitely fit the 6w7 one more . i'm not super paranoid , cynical , or contentious . i'm just ... hello ! ix92m having trouble determining if ix92m more of a 6w5 or a 6w7 . when reading enneagram descriptions and taking enneagram tests i find that i relate to the 5 descriptions more and typically ... is it just me , or did anyone else find this questionnaire very difficult . particularly on the first two sections , i had a difficult time choosing between the two options , there was no in-between ... one more question , i type as intp in the mbti , but i feel really close to infp sometimes and i'm wondering if some of that is influenced by my enneagram tritype ? the 9 fix seeks harmony and avoiding ... thanks so much for your time ! yes , you have clarified 9 and 4 fixes for me . i did doubt 9 vs 1 fix awhile because of this thing i mentioned about principles . i thought that was more of a 1 type ... i self type as 6w5 . 694 is definitely one combination i've seriously considered for myself . i've also considered 614 and 693 , and if i'm actually 5w6 and not 6w5 , then 594 or 593 . here is ... how do you express anger ? - externalized anger : openly displayed anger . - repressed anger : avoidance of showing anger openly , but it sometimes manifests as passive-aggressiveness . - internalized ... 1 . intp ( although t is borderline ) 2 . ideally , i'd prefer to please myself and not have to worry about others . often that doesn't work so well in practice . 3 . if i'm only pleasing myself and ... 6w5 - 1w9 - 4w3 sp / so / sx . i'm the least confident of the heart fix part of it . for the longest time i self-typed as 5w6 . after all i consider myself a deeply thinking person , somewhat ... i often feel this way . i can't decide if it's because i have good taste and others are just are just too stupid to see the beauty , or if i have embarrasingly shitty taste and other people can see ... maybe i'm not an intp , lol . i have a very hard time truly accepting that nothing can be done about a situation . i have a hard time just letting go . i always want to think there is some solution , ... in a sense i believe that all people are basically equal from a purely humanistic point of view . we are all human beings , we all deserve to be treated with dignity . i believe that peoples ' work has ... i tend to be much more humble and selling myself short than a braggadocio . some of it may be influenced by my upbringing . i was brought up to believe that bragging was a bad thing and people do not ... 604098 sorry the picture came out so small . click to enlarge . i have always struggled with disappointments in my life . i can rationalize them all i want but the feeling of disappoint is still going to be there . i suppose the analyzing is useful in determining ... it's good my 2 year old nephew isn't visiting me today . i'm an intuitive who is quite literal but not particularly concrete . 573962 you're standing in line at your local supermarket , and some teen cuts in front of you . what would you think inwardly ? do outwardly ? inwardly , i think how rude ! but i might cut them some slack if ... check my email , both my personal email account and my work email account . check personality cafe and other forums i belong to . check my social media accounts for updates . search for whatever ... i was just asking a couple of simple questions , i didn't ask to have such an angsty response thrust upon me with pushing of ones moral and social agenda . i feel sorry for you that you have to ... simple on the surface but it can be harder execute in practice . it depends on if it's a job or a profession . if it's just a minor job , changing it is no problem , but changing one's entire career is ... ha ha ! i should try the ' mask ' strategy . i'm not sure how one can be cleverly rude but still subtle enough - do you have an example to share ? i always have a water bottle with me at work ... i work as a librarian . on the surface , the job seems like an introvert's dream , but the type of job i have is at the information desk and it's heavily based in customer service . i have had to do ... 1 ) how socially outgoing are you ? do you often go out to meet people or prefer to be alone ? i am not particularly outgoing although i do like socializing sometimes . i am a bit of a loner and ... somewhat more b than a although i can be high-strung and competitive sometimes . slightly more p than j in mbti . chocolate . it got me the job . :D the gross inequalities that occur . millions of people in poverty and in war-torn countries that are just living day to day without much happiness and enjoyment of life . then you have those few ... i'm not really a hoarder of objects but i am a hoarder of information . : smile : i believe tact is just as important as truth . ( i am borderline t / f ) i don't like arguing for the sake of arguing . i dislike debates that go nowhere . ( most religion and politics threads for ... for work related things , i much prefer to do my own thing . i can better ensure i have it done the way i want with minimal interruptions or distractions . for leisure , it can go both ways . much ... i care alot about bodliy comfort but paradoxically , i don't put alot of effort into maintaining it either . comfort for me is more about avoiding pain than trying to put an effort into finding the ... i am a 5w6 who for a long time identified with sp / so / sx . recently , i've realized that so / sx / sp might really be the best fit ? so why such a drastic change ? 1 . well for starters , i did a video ... the ennegram seems more nuanced than the mbti . with mbti , you are one of 16 types , end of story . with the enneagram , however , you can delve much deeper and start looking at differences between ... how is ms . krabappel enfp ? emotions are what motivates us to make decisions and live our lives . it's what makes us human . some of the higher animals , i believe , have emotions too , but they are not as consciously aware of ... i'm often drawn to what looks yummy in the picture . go ahead and retype me as a sensor now . : laughing : let's see : hyperanalytical mode : let's logically analyze the hell out of this ! everything must make logical sense ! flurry of ideas but scattered mode . hypersensitive woe is me mode .  ... aggressive people scare the crap out of me . i think it's partly because i don't know how to handle them in a constructive manner . i either wither away and try to hide or the opposite , get really ... interesting . i think i might be a potential + perceiver . well i could scan in my test result from the official mbti test . nah , i'm too lazy to do that . : laughing : when i first learned about mbti in high school , i was convinced i was a judger . after all , i was a responsible , reliable child . i turned my homework in on time . but that's hardly enough ... fairness . i don't seem to be as offended by nudity as most people . it's the human body , it's natural . we all have private parts . why must we be so ashamed to hide them ? i'm also not offended when a ... source : how well does this fit you ? i say it fits me very well . detached , analytical ... i also have this issue . probable fe user although some have said fi user . it could just be social anxiety in general . '