' i agree , but that makes me think well what does it even matter if it doesn't even exist objectively and then i have like an existential crisis smh hey y'all . i was wondering if any of you have ever had any deep philosophical thoughts that bothered you and you didn't know how to respond to them . that's been happening to me a lot lately . i'll ... can relate to both . if i'm in a good mood i tend to act like a complete retard and lose control of myself . smh it feels good but afterwards i feel like a retard . : frustrating : i fucking love castles :D game of thrones breaking bad south park naruto death note that's all i can think of . game of thrones is the only one i've watched recently . it's so fucking good . so much ... when something doesn't seem that important to me in the moment i won't do it . i think us nfs are short term gratification minded :d ry : i used to get istp at first but i think i was in a different state of mind at the time . i kind of want to get to know some infps in person . anyone interested in doing a meet-up of some sort ? if so give some ideas . where would we meet ? how would it be organized ? etc . just looking for ... don't make your goal people related . focus on doing something you like such as a sport . hang out with whoever has the same interests as you and don't cling on to certain people if you don't like ... i feel this drain in the back of my mind after spending a long time socializing . if i do it long enough i can't even think straight and become sad . it can be anything ? entj who just took over the world baby ... no . the more the better . your heart is in whatever you're focusing on the most . maybe your heart is in personalitycafe . make an idiot out of myself for humor . since i would not have to live with the consequences . anything by the sex pistols . you don't know rage until you've listened to them . it's happened to me a few times where i'm close with someone and all of the sudden they decide i'm not awesome enough to hang out with . i just say id rather be hated for who i am than loved for who ... thank you . i'm batman . i think of everyone as innocent . if there are people who do bad they are just retaliating for something bad that happened to them . i think people are generally good . i don't exactly know what the question is but judging from some of the answers i'm assuming you're asking what pisses you off the most ? for me it would be people with too much pride . i can't stand ... and your tendency to not give a fuck . : mellow : my best friend is an entj . you guys are just badass i really don't know how else to put it . yup . left to right with me . the present to me is like a moving point on the line . i think you should do whatever you'd be happy doing , but what we're naturally good at is being creative so i guess being a writer or director would be good . people who make you feel really good about yourself . really friendly . chill . i am of the belief that the less i can wear the better . i feel like wearing excess clothes is like i'm carrying useless weight . for example its summer where i'm at and i walk around without a shirt ... rebel that shit when you say reality you mean the world and how it works . i hate it . i hate the system . the world is run by satan and it is shit . heaven is where its at . i got ravenclaw on this one test . ... wanna be gryffindor tho ... so much more badass ... only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly . - robert kennedy not sure if it's infp , but its so true . i hope i'm wrong too . unfortunately you will find no indication of this in the real world . hell no . i think we can be cool and respected to a degree , but jock implies that you're loud and aggressive . i think you would need to have strong sensing to be a jock . ( if your definition of jock is ... stylez 2016 i really wish there was some type of historical fiction where hitler , stalin , and mao have to go on an adventure in narnia to save the world when they were teens and in the end they learn the value ... moose when you get stepped on to the point of breaking , but don't because your guilt outweighs your desire for revenge i would hope water slide transport system in the sky anyone ? much more satisfying that actual porn . you owe me gas money now because after seeing your post i had to get some of those cookies ! not gonna lie , i would love to see a girl wearing something like that : bored : don't take it seriously . talk if you have something to say but if you really don't feel like it don't strain yourself just to be social . other people are just like you . they're not some kind of ... just list some of your hobbies , maybe something funny , don't take it too seriously and keep it simple . you want to get to know someone in depth in the actual date not your profile . that should just ... by facts you probably mean science . and science cannot be used to find the meaning in life . that does not mean it doesn't exist . this vid explains it ... for me its a cycle . depression -> ragemode - ( come to a conclusion ) > joy -> minor problem which leads back to depression i've been in joy stage for a while tho when you have to choose between a model and a pornstar for a girlfriend #infproblems yes . nice snake op you don't wanna go there . i don't even know what's going on in my mind . '