' vocaroo | voice message it has cussing and weird emotions , warning warning edit : whoops i didnt do swordsman , but it's not working for me either . im sorry . i sort of remember what you sounded ... sx . im giving the next person like , nothing . i find myself with the strong urge to ask about the tiniest decisions if i feel like someone else knows more than me , and i usually feel that way . when i detect the slightest hint of disapproval in their facial expression . i agree , i think there are good and bad to both arrows , also i think it'd be really weird to treat integration like a life goal or something , i don't think trying to do that would even bring about ... these seem so well done to me , wow . shoegaze was my thought , haha . 1 - city hall 2 - florist , bed n breakfast 3 - movie theater 4 - cemetery 5 - library , doctors office edit : this was really whiny and probably scary . 41.667 masculine 84.167 feminine 70.833 androgynous i'm an isfp male . : ) can you explain hottiest and specifically where it branches from hottest ? it seems like a cool word i'm ready to start using . here i come a marigold for you to hold now one on one there's something for us to share shine in your mind leave these things behind in that situation i think i would need strong support from somewhere , especially if she's been gaslighting , i'd need someone to remind me how important my boundaries are . i don't think i've been ... i really like this one and was wondering how you did it ? i keep doing this thing where i leave without saying goodbye just because i kind of can't stand it for some reason . while everybody's kind of getting ready to leave i just slip out . i noticed this ... i keep saying things i feel really embarrassed about afterwards . but at the same time i like kind of acting out and saying something with real emotions , but the shame that follows is kind of rough . i ... i wrote a song . can those go in here ? it sounds really weird to my ears right now . i guess its hard to see your own art objectively . ( sorry .. blowing off some steam here ) i feel like everything normal in life can only exist for me in this forced way . it makes me feel like i'm bad just because what captivates me makes no sense in ...  downloaded this animation program i remembered from elementary school , and made some elementary animations with it i'm probably an extreme case but i burn out at the slightest touch . pressure on the outside is just adding to the pile , it's already there , i'm tense when doing pretty much anything . i kind of have ... my dad is an infj and i feel bad because tonight i realized i haven't had a sense of what's going on inside him for a long time . the last time he opened up for me was a year ago when he encouraged me ... i'm just now quitting kratom , not because it's bad or i'm addicted , but because i shouldn't be trusting head shops to sell it because there are known instances of that being dangerous . i always knew ... this is gettin exhausting i'm using your eating sounds in a song . i thought people kind of blew off their last instinct , or didn't care enough about that realm , where you seem to be quite interested . maybe i'm wrong though i don't understand them that well either . heres one nice place i know of the enneagram playground - home does so-last experience shame over that neglect ? or do they just not care ? do they go i should care but it's just so satisfying not to / i just can't , or something sort of like that ? i used to hate ... this thread inspired me to buy it yesterday , and it's pretty awesome . i find them to be one of the most satisfying authorities , down to earth and with the least amount of a yucky feeling i sometimes ... i think i'm procrastinating life itself . this started off because i enjoy some of the less admired albums in paul mccartney's later discography , where he'd just enter the studio every year or two and get something out . i think he's ... here's a song i'm kind of nervous to post because it's ridiculous ( warning , truly whiny ranting ahead ) if i feel like i'm not gonna get food i like tonight , and all the fucking cupboards are empty , it feels like i could almost cry . after a shower for 2 or 3 ... if you're a male i'd say give up on trying to fit into the normal image of masculinity , not because you're an isfp , but because it's not a very good way to live . and if you can't be friends with ... i listen to loud music and it moves me to dance . maybe it's just me , but i'd like to say that you don't have to be in touch with ni to be smart . being smart doesn't come from the baby intj in your stack , it comes from all of you , your fi-se isn't ... maybe i should give them a try but 99 % of movies i see advertised interest me in no way . if it was a movie i enjoyed i could sit there the whole time captured in it , but if it's not then i can't just ... i don't know if it's always been with 6 ' s , but i've had times where i say or suggest something and the person i'm with , usually someone quite thoughtful , starts considering it and kind of turning it ... to the above , more in that direction would be appreciated . i'm wondering , i've seen all 3 instincts described in relation to relationships , but is there anything describing sx and so in self ... i don't feel comfortable with the roles being different really , i don't think of me and the other person as male and female , just person to person is what i want ( at least consciously , i'm probably ...  i didn't find mona lisa that captivating as a kid along with most other paintings but as time goes on i enjoy it more ... to me she seems like she isn't scared of normal things , or of losing the game ... this i'm only now beginning to think i'm sx-first but with some unhealthy neurotic attitude towards it where i fear it and am mad at it , combined with my 9 - ishness . or is that too much to explain it ? the bond between the two people is the only real location of the date . / pretentious friendzone ? really ? you'll probably only know how she feels by communicating with her . personally if i had romantic feelings for somebody once , and there wasn't a huge conflict or anything , i ... i've done literally that . stackemup is crazy , i look at that thing a lot . i like how there's fashion interviews and manson family members in it , gives a more well-rounded look , possibly . this is going to sound like i'm insane , but , sometimes i don't really talk to myself but it's more like i make weird sounds in front of a mirror , and i get really intense with it , i think i'm trying ... i wonder if a ton of people who never comment or are just lurkers or just adding to a viewcount on a video are 9 ' s narcing out browsing when they should be doing something else . a 9 i am . you're doing good work here . '