' did you happen to see khaleesi on the bus , by any chance ? ;) i just need to get this off my chest . i need to withdraw from everything right now . my mind has exhausted itself over - thinking everything in my life . the people in my life are draining me . i am ... you're the only person i've ever told that to . just my two cents , since i started this thread and haven't checked back in for a while . i originally wasn't sure what type taylor swift was - after looking into her as a person more , and after much ... wow , this was very helpful and has help me put some things in perspective . thank you . i ended up apologizing to her because i had realized that i hadn't validated her apology ( which sounded very ... i haven't talked to her still . my brother is just returning from not being able to have contact because of his job . he got back tonight . so i'm giving it time for them to ride out their own thing and ... summary : best friend is an enfp - 7 . she is functioning at a low level and started acting out in insensitive ways that were hurting my feelings . i confronted her kindly and told her that her ... pin a whole bunch of quotes . eat chocolate . lots of chocolate . listen to taylor swift . write songs . read my enneagram books . analyze it 1000x over . i'm doing this right now , actually . i've been coming back and lurking here and there ... two kids under two right now , so my life is a little hectic ! :) as a pessimist , i dream up every possible negative outcome , and yet i'm surprised any time if one actually comes true , because i'm , paradoxically , still an eternal idealist . shower thoughts from ... interesting - so am i understanding correctly that you tend to specialize ( characteristic of type fives ) in physical experiences ( se ) ? i hadn't thought about how those two things would work together ... my goodness , it's like reading a post from past me . how strange ! my husband is an entp , and we have had a very rocky relationship with his very manipulative / controlling mother ( who is an estj ) and ... reckful - thank you for your thorough and thought-provoking input ! i really appreciate it . lots of good stuff to consider . you are right , i was a little overstretching in saying it was jung's theory - ... well , that's really interesting ! what function do you think you use primarily ? your profile says you're an intp - do you identify with being a ti-dom ? or does the ne-dom description ring a bell ? i ... thank you ! i'm happy you found it to be accurate . my husband is an entp - 3 , and although he was very loud and social in adolescence , he has calmed down a lot as he's matured , and it's been a journey ... yes , that was my only intention - to cover the energy source . because the goal was to actually only address the definition of extroversion and introversion , not to talk about the traits that come from ... it sounds to me like you already know how you feel about the job , so i won't bother you with that analysis . :) but i think that you should remember that , ultimately , you are in control of this ... that's very interesting . well i wish you the best of luck in your self-discovery . :) i think that it would be really beneficial for you ( for anyone , really ! ) to read up on the cognitive functions more in depth . it is incredibly enlightening , i think , and it gives you a much more ... i'm sorry , you're right - that was misleading wording . i didn't mean to say that you actually have to literally change the brain . i meant it figuratively . also , like i mentioned earlier in the thread , ... tigerfella - it sounds like what you are describing is more of a theory based on your own personal experiences , which , obviously , i can't speak to , as i am not you ! but i encourage you to look more ... i don't think you've misunderstood what i've written ! :) i think that you are right that how much someone desires personal connection with others is a t / f distinction . i think , additionally , it is ... okay , i think you're right . i'm going to mull it over and think of how i can better convey that point . thanks for your input ! you know , i think that it might look this way on the surface , but it really isn't quite so simple as that . for instance , let's say an infj switches into an infp . this means that the introverted ... you know , i don't really know the answer to that . i mean , i'm not sure how to say who is best at things , because when it comes down to it , two people may come to the same conclusion ( or gut feeling ) , ... i was going to ask if you were an estp , and then i saw that you were ! haha . :) so what you're describing is what i was hoping to convey with the way that certain extroverts ( se-doms ) need to ... definitely ! this post isn't aimed at people who have a deep understanding of personality theory - just people who know the basic idea of extroversion and introversion . so i was hoping that this ... i'm actually really interested to hear about this , as i got that description from one of my books . how does thinking out loud translate for you ? what do you do to process externally ? my husband is ... hm , i'm not sure where you're misunderstanding what my written definition is . maybe you can explain to me why it reads like i'm saying something different ? from the blog post : just like ... maybe i'm misunderstanding what you're saying , but it sounds like you are actually talking about some of the misunderstandings i was hoping to discuss in the post . the thing is that extroversion and ... exactly ! i think if you really look into how different each of the functions are , and view it not as e or i , or n or s , and so on , you understand that type isn't so fluid . it's not something ... i think everyone has a gut feeling sense , but yes , it is related to how you function . in terms of an ni-dom , the person will use introverted intuition first to filter in every piece of ... hi everyone ! i have a blog post about extroversion that i thought might be interesting to discuss . house of doig : extroversion : what it does ( and doesn't ) mean extroverts , does this ring ... yeah , i've run into it quite a bit ! i thought it was interesting , though , to see other introverts labeling themselves in those ways , too . unfortunately , i think the terms extrovert and introvert ... i haven't really even been on here to do post much in the last year or two , but i forgot how much it helped me to get things off of my chest and to get my mind off of things ... i just got caught ... do you think infj's have overzealous ideals in their heads ? i think infjs can be idealistic , but it's not inherent to the type . when healthy and developed , ni-dom is used to gather patterns from ... highly sensitive people are mostly introverts , and a high percentage of that group are introverted intuitive dominants . that being said , infjs and hsps are not interchangeable . there are highly ... hi infjs , i wrote a post on introversion , and thought it might be of interest to this venue . i think there's a lot of misconceptions ( among both introverts and extroverts ) as to what ... i am literally on the verge of tears from exhaustion over conflict . i am sick and tired of disagreements . of people not seeing how wrong they are and thinking i'm crazy . i know that the conflicts are ... how do you deal with people who are stubbornly rooted in their opinions , no matter how irrational ? i know that i am an opinionated person . i'm not very vocal about that , but i do have some very ... i think i'll change my job title to verbal trash receptacle , because it seems my purpose in relationships these days is just to sit there while people throw their crap at me . being a good ... thank you :) my husband has been really supportive . honestly , my best friend has tried to be supportive too , but she is unmarried and has never been pregnant , so it's hard for her to really ... on halloween , i had a miscarriage at 6 weeks . they call it a chemical pregnancy when it's so early , which so kindly diminishes the fact that it's still a miscarriage . my cousin just announced ... cool , why ? what does it mean to be an extrovert ? where do you see the fe-dom ? was that a secret that you don't speak english well ? sorry . i was just curious because of your sometimes strange ... no , i don't have any idea what you're alluding to . what is your native language ? english clearly is a second language to you . i don't know , i feel like he could do better . i mean , i have all of my personality types listed in my sig . you could easily just take the basics of each and nail each stereotype in the head . if ... haha nice . do you feel better , buddy ? how cute . gotta love a good troll . i'm going to keep an eye out to determine her dominant function , because i haven't really been looking at khloe primarily . but just from the things you're saying , i actually hear you describing more ... where do you see ne-dom and fi-aux in khloe ? '