' 132689 1326 97 132705 1327 13 132721 1298 17 129809 1296 73 i don't know how these type me threads work , but if i did , i would like to know my real type , idk , i don't want to say something that would make you actually do something , since i am no expert in relationships , but the situation you got there seems very complicated and i don't know if you ... decided to shut down the heart part .. never felt better the typing imo tries to explain how people of the same type think and the mechanism of rationalization of their actions and values .. the actions and values themselves don't matter as long as the ... infj to intj .. i'd like to care less about what people think like that 116458 1164 66 well they are just guesses and even though i am right most of the time i like to compare my answers .. a luxury i don't get in real life :) well i didn't need to read minds to know that , i believe that all people are assholes until proven otherwise .. it will just take less time to decide that i don't like that person ;) entp or enfp .. anything ne-dom read minds .. i would like to just know what people are thinking and i get rid of all the paranoia do you sometimes play a scenario in your head where you just snap , go berserk and kill everybody that irritates you , you feel really great imagining fun and gruesome ways to torture and murder all ... questioning your sanity everyday when people think you are way cooler than you really are he doesn't seem like an extrovert to me , idk why dear you-know-who-you-are i know that you are fake and even if other people don't see that , you will still be fake and hate yourself for that , i only worry about those who are close to you when ... i pay more attention to the way people speak an their facial expressions 87541 ? ? yeah i got what you are trying to tell me internet .. i will think about it where to answer , link please ^ ^ what do you know ~ ( always that marginal t / f difference ) ugh somebody help me 87535 lol i usually have these kind of thoughts after i have already set the trap xddd thanks for the funny video and the useful explanation : 3 thank you guys so much for your responses i know it's hard to describe oneself .. but this has been enlightening so far and each one of you guys seem very interesting .. , thank you and keep it up ... really ? i have heard they are quite friendly ^ ^ hello dear intps , i don't know if this has been done before , and i am sorry if it was , but i need you guys to tell me about intps as simple as that , it occurred to me that i have never met an ... i think the most accurate typing i have seen so far is spider-man as an intp i do agree that he is a feeler but can't say a type for sure .. i think the enfp is acceptable to type eren .. no way he is an introvert ... hanji as an entp is also a win ... the only infp i ... hmm i have an isfj brother who seems to be so into his own head that things like taking the tv remote instead of a calculator to an exam , brushing his teeth with someone else's toothbrush or losing ... oh i think eren is a feeler .. lol i have much longer list of rules some of these are included too :) oh it's a relief that you and she knows that when i try to convince her with such things , i really think it's for her own good , even i don't like to be pushed so i will be careful and less rigid ... i would love to but i am not very good at speaking english ^ ^ thanks i will try to give her time and not demand answers immediately :) that was very helpful  i have a question for infps .. what will it take to change your mind about something ? i was never successful in changing my infps mind on any subject at all even if it didn't really matter ... so is ... when i took the test i scored intj 4 out of five times with ( 1 % ) t preference , so i took the function test , my results were also very confusing ni , te , fe , ti , fi were the top functions in that ... enfp and infp they both accept me for who i am they don't judge me they listen when i have something to say i never question their honesty even if they are bored with me they tell me i don't have to ... free association warning : i'm tired ... just tired of all the fighting .. i'm tired of pleasing people i want to live for myself for a while , i wish i would be left alone ... even though i ... dear friends telling me lies to avoid hurting my feelings is worse than actually hurting them infj who hates lying with a passsion i love taxonomy , and zoology in general :) - the last party you attended was 6 years ago , and the memories still haunt you . - you change your phone number every 2 months - avoid eye contact with people because you dread conversations - ... aww thank you so much 86051 wow , you guys are all awesome > . < * super jealous * here's mine ~ 8579285793 8579485795 85796 give her a hug ( > ^ _ ^ ) > only if i care enough to not lose the person , because if not , i will just suck it up , and it will pile up until i hate them without even remembering why . so if i tell you that you bothered me then ... '