strawberry and banana jell-o w / strawberries and bananas in it . very good ! worry rock .. green day i really want to fall in love . i want to feel the happiness that comes w / sharing my life w / someone who truly understands me . i want to get married . i don't know , it all may sound silly , but all ... oreos , milk , banana ... i look like a hillbilly w / oreo teeth , but it's sooo good ! ! ! i am officially over winter ! ! ! even though fall and winter are my favorite seasons , i guess i just can't take the cold like i could when i was 20 . not that i'm too far off from 20 ( just 15 ... nirvana's rape me off of their bleach album . epic ! sleeping with a stranger ... neon trees fruit salad . it was really good . and i'm actually eating things that are good for me . gotta stay healthy and lose that weight ! :) bored and a bit alone . ever since my surgery , i've been stuck in bed , and i guess i just need someone to talk to . i think the feeling of boredness , is actually depression ... hell , i don't know . hey ! ... hey everyone ! ! i went in for surgery on the 17th , and i just got home a couple of days ago . i'm not asking for pity , just letting you all know . haven't been getting the love i need here at home so i ... pain , rest , sleep pineapples and mangos , yummm ... peacemaker ... green day , of course peacemaker ... green day of course last night was a simple , but thoughtful dream . i dreamed i was in a field of flowers , like the one in the twilight movies ( lame ) , and i was just lying there , naked , with long naturally curly hair ... short bangs aren't bad , but were these the ones that you have to wear a hat or just stay inside until they grow out ? :) that's not plain at all . every dream has a meaning in one form or another , we sometimes just don't realize it at the time . appointments , t . v . , couch my son singing eye of the tiger ... that counts doesn't it ? although now it's stuck in my head :) i can only answer for myself , not everyone else , but i like to read , always have . that's kind of a hard question to answer since i personally can't answer for everyone w / our personality type . snow , snow , snow honey bun w / a red bull ... quite a combo , huh ? last night on earth ... green day stephen king book , anything that has to do w / vampires , no romance crap , i like books that teach new languages , music books to learn more on playing the piano , and paranormal stuff . superbowl ! ! ! i am sooo damned excited it could pee . go broncos ... all the way baby ! ! i've been excited for the past week i just can't believe today ... is ... the ... day ! ! ! yeah ! ! ! i love ... : crazy : no song , just silence before the kids and the dogs interupt my daydream of billie joe armstrong . i hope you feel better soon , [ quote = calvaire ; 4611746 ] i'm so irrelevant [ / quote i doubt that . seriously . superbowl , superbowl , superbowl ! ! ! sometimes i think i'm annoyed by people in general , i don't think it should be limited to just us infp's which by the way , we are who we are , and unless we're being fake , we're dramatic , emotional , ... of course , billie joe armstrong . he invades my dreams every night , but i don't mind :) blueberry pomegranite ( sp ? ) smoothies , yep , sipping on one right now ... only one problem , there's never enough . :) i love you get greenday tickets alone together ... fall out boy ... oh , now it's where did the party go ... love fall out boy ( especially pete wentz ... yum ) of course , everyone has , and if they say they haven't , they're not being truthful . we're human , it's in our nature . italy and france lonely , tired , pissed , hopeful , 1/2 happy and 1/2 sad ( go figure that one ) , i need a friend to talk to b / c i need to let it all out , then i think i'd feel somewhat better ... i really don't know for ... bravo ! ! ! you said it all , there's nothing left for me to say . you hit every point right on the head , and you're right , it is for all ages , i believe . and i'll tell you a secret , i watch the looney ... see guys , isn't this fun ? ? ! ! i have to agree w / you , although lola is pretty awesome herself . but back to daffy , they did a great job switching him up , i really like that show , and i can't believe i ; m saying it in a ... [ quote = insert username ; 4577764 ] i'm just thinking ... no one replied to you ? ! i'm sorry i would've just arrived around that time but never heard of ' intro ' and i know it was a late reply but anyways ... i just typed my guts out , only for it to get erased as i tried to post it , i'll just give you the short version . my dad's an alcoholic , i stay w / him b / c after our time at the domestic violence ... : unsure : green day's longview off their cd dookie , it describes how i feel to a t . i love color , and i like to make things big , i don't know , all my posts are different , i guess it's just how i roll :) what's up ? i know right , that really made me feel like i was intruding in a space that i didn't belong in . but i kept at it , and here i am . yeah me :) [ quote = theoffspring ; 4572834 ] hiii [ / hi to you too ! ! hey , i love your signiture ( sp ? ) dementors are super scary ! ! ! ( i truely mean that . damn , i can't spell this morning . raaahhh ! hey guys , not new to this site , and i just wanted to say hello :)