' i know what you mean : ) * looks at his avatar and hopes psyche's release loves him if only a bit more * > o > i think they are great ! ! i want each of them on the hugest posters right on the walls of my room ! ! agalloch - hallways of enchanted ebony ｐｓｙ ・ ｓ [ saiz ] - lemon no yuki ( レモンの勇気 ) what is the best way to educate oneself ? this pertains to trying to attain very high proficiency in any area . some possible things to consider and / or talk about would be : how much book ... bohren & der club of gore - prowler this is a question i have been wrestling with for the last 20 - years . yet , the reason ( s ) for its truth always seems to elude me . might any other intjs have some insight ? : wink : my five favorite foods atm are : blueberries bananas ... wooo ! ! ! nice to meet u 2 and thanks for the welcome luuunnniey : crazy : it's like an oreo tower to the moon , except with cds ! ! that means you will always have something to listen to on your ... what is your highest level of mathematics and why is it your highest level ? my highest level is two graduate level courses . i took them as an undergrad . in two separate independent studies . i had ... group hug ! ! to clarify : arguing is based on the appeal to reasoned ideas , regardless of emotions . debating is based on the appeal to emotions , regardless of reasoned ideas . thus , arguing is good in my ... it seemed to me that you did not know what it meant for the fact that you have an entire paragraph incorrectly stating that you thought it meant that we used gold as currency instead of any other ... post up what you are currently listening to . [ intjs only ] evbointh - one wish uhh .. you are confusing the topic . no one is talking about currency . we are talking about standards . as it sits now , you have a straw man ... i'm not sure what led to this confusion , but here is some ... i'm sorry , but i don't feel like this add anything new . i did not forget that gold is hard to find . hell , that whole reason is why gold is the standard , because it isn't abundant ... lol you just ... hehe , well i don't mind . although if i had the choice i would choose otherwise : ) uhh ... that depends : blushed : wisconsin is sounding sexy . what else is great about it ? lol i know , it's strange isn't it ? : p do you know a lot about us ins intrepid ? oh , two people from india already ! how unexpected ~ : tongue : welcome ! ! ! where are you from ! ? ! ? :D enjoy your stay ! i'll take the spiked punch . good day to you ma'am . 133 by official test ... but yeah , i don't believe in them either . you can do the research , and you'll probably find , as i did , that there is a whole can of problems that iq testing has faced since ... i suppose my hobbies and interests often mix . and since i have such a wide-range of interests , i will only post a few--however , please be aware that there are many more : philosophy , nutrition , ... personally , i don't like help unless i ask for it . thus , since most people know this about me i often do not give thanks , then , if they help me when i have not asked . the only exception is when ... if greed will always effect humanity then it is a moot point because it carries the same weight on any of these arguments . thus , all you've done is dodge crptonia's argument . i think crptonia is ... welcome . i was hoping for more ess . may i ' do ' you ? damn , and there goes my hope of the first s forum : ( doomed to always fail ? oh ... welcome btw ! * youtube orgasm * ack ! ! ! lol basically he's the smartest candidate in the race . he has great plans that are backed by ... guess what ? ! reasoning and a plethora of historical and contemporary knowledge . he's actually a book ... do you really beat people up ? ! : shocked : i like to defend things that i feel are important enough to defend . so ... preceding my desire to defend is my desire to find out what is important to ... it's not so much of a problem with correct spelling and grammar , but more of a problem with posting and soon-after realizing that one could have said x or y is a slighty different or better manner to ... ^ that's funny sweet sweet i shall be watching you * tries to pet sticknotee's yorshire terrier * yow ! ! it bit me ! ! : sad : what is your family telling you to vote lance ? : wink : if it's your mattress , then over time you will develop mid / lower back pains and as time continues with the same mattress your mid / lower back will get worse and worse until it becomes an effort just ... lalalalalallalallala ~ awww , where's the whistling smiley ! ? we need more smileys ! lol i iisted some music in the your type of music thread , but here it is again anyways ; ) ambient , ... alright ! ! * high fives lance * uh ... neither ! ! ron paul ! ! ! i love them all ! ! ! how could i pick just one ! ? ! ? learning 4 life ; ) not just any tea , but herbal tea baby ! ! overall caffeine sucks because it causes your body to fluctuate all day in energy levels which causes your body harm esp . over time . also , herbal tea is ... someone said star trek , hells yeah ! ! some of my favorites which i have no qualm in telling people are : the shawshank redemption , blade runner , and ferris bueller's day off . weee ! i like too many types of music and am always on the search to try to enjoy certain things just a bit more . so here are some of the genres and sub-genres i usually find a lot of stuff in ! : ... dophins and sloths will someday ruuule the world ! ! !  yeah , we should be promoting healthy drinking if we are to promote a drink at all ! esp . with caffeine ! in anycase , hello , i am logan 235711 , the last 5 - numbers stand for the first prime ... and it was done . '