' it does sound like anxiety to me , especially since you have developed this somewhat recently . though the situations in which i feel anxiety are slightly different , i have experienced and on rare ... dad : estj mom : ixfp brother : intp sister : isfp this is such a great post . once i started moving from a level one to a level two understanding , that's when i realized i was not an infp . while i am amused by some of the posts on the different ... definitely . i don't get angry often but when i do it's a very big anger . i hate it . have you met more than one infj ? i'm an infj and i have an infj coworker and an infj friend , and none of us are anything like that . we will go to the ends of the earth to help friends and relatives ... chopin's nocturnes never fail to give me chills . is this where we get an i'm a cardassian , ask me anything thread ? : happy : i'm not sure what it is . when i was a kid i'd cry ( not a lot but usually over typical kid stuff ) but the last time i cried over something in my personal life was in 1999 , when my grandmother ... also , threatening to tell your kids and try to make it your fault , therefore a ) not showing a united front to your children and b ) trying to turn your children against you ... is not cool . it should not be that hard to understand that only taking one at a time could do some serious harm in terms of sibling rivalry , as well as a child not feeling loved . plus it's putting more burden on ... i'd need more information about the guy than is given above . for instance , i could say that guy a might be too cheap , which could mean he couldn't come through when it counts . or he could be a ... i'm sorry , i'm sure your husband is a great guy , but taking one kid just because he wants to go to disney is selfish . also , the fact that he's asking you to shoulder a burden so he ( it doesn't sound ... yeah that's how i feel with this guy . i work with a lot of extroverts but this guy seems to be an uuuber extrovert . good thing he's a trainer , meaning he's gone a lot , otherwise i'd be pulling ... today at work , this guy who sits in the cube across mine talked nonstop . all day . normally i get to work about an hour before everyone else so i can adjust to the day , come on line as it ... my little truth : i'm not crazy , i just need some alone time . : happy : on pottermore , to my surprise i was sorted into gryffindor . i thought for sure i'd be a ravenclaw . i didn't mind though ... i know of a few people who got pissed about where they were sorted . i was the youngest of 2 , my brother is a year and 9 months older than me , until i was 11 , when my sister was born . so since then i have been the middle child . i don't know that the stereotypical ... from my dad : god * * * it , the car doesn't drive you , you drive the car . oddly , that's the best advice i've ever been given : it reminds me i am ultimately in control of my own destiny . i think this counts as mean but i would do it again in a heartbeat : i door slammed my former best friend . via email , no less . she was what i'd call an emotional energy vampire . she was insulting , ... 1 ) what differences do you notice ( besides the obvious ... i ’ m not looking for function vs . function comparison , etc . i ’ m looking for real-world examples of things you do differently or moments in ... i really , really , really want to get a cat . i live on my own , pay my own bills , have a career i love ... yet , what holds me back from getting a cat ? my dad . he doesn't understand why anyone ... when i was in middle school ( 6th grade ) , this friend of mine , out of the blue , told me you always act like you're better than everyone . it really gave me pause , because , up until then i'd always ... watching him in interviews and the way he approaches questions , i'd also say isfp . my sister is also isfp and doesn't remind me even remotely of michael jackson ; they just have similar function ... i'm similar this as well . i come on line slowly ... it's why i go to work earlier than is the norm in my 8-5 job ( i typically show up between 6:30- 7:15 ) . if i wake up later and go into work at 8 , ... i turn into oscar the grouch . gotta have my sleep ! quite a bit of this describes me as a child , except for the grades not being important thing . grades were very important to me ; not so much when i got a little older but as a child / preteen the only ... i have a hard time with putting information in the about me section , and i have always had a hard time telling people about myself period , because i'm interested in hearing about other people , not so ... i do get offended at someone saying they understand me when they clearly have demonstrated they do not and / or are not listening to what i have to say . i don't appreciate being placated . however , i ... infj . my eye color is an exact mix between my parents'--my dad's eyes are blue , my mom's eyes are dark green . mine are a very light green with lots of gold , and i have blue rims that are the color of ... i think everyone has done a great job of delineating that it's not as simple , as much as we would all like to be able to develop qualities we're not good at . if you want something a little more ... i can totally relate . i was reading something today about how when infjs are stressed , they can revert to their inferior functions to an unhealthy degree . so , for instance , sometimes in times of ... i wouldn't call myself a hipster at all . i do , however , like a couple of indie bands that have wild animal names ( fleet foxes , grizzly bear ) but that's because their music is amazing , not because i ... count me as an infj that loves food . i could be better at staying away from junk but i don't eat fast food or much candy . i try to stay in shape too , though i could be a little bit better about ... so , what is / was / are / were your major / s ? i have a bachelor's of arts in english literature and master's of arts in english ( traditional studies ) . how do you think your infj-ness can help you in ... depends on what i'm shopping for . grocery shopping , i like it but i must be quick about it--i get what i'm looking for and go . i like clothes shopping when i'm shopping with close friends or my mom ... i don't know if this has been posted , sorry if it has , but i adore this movie ... i don't watch too many chick flicks but this is one of my favorite scenes : ... i agree with everything melody said , and would like to add that it sounds like with him not wanting you to leave , on top of wanting to punish you , seems like a codependency thing--he wants ... this clip because this guy ( played by christian bale ) is listening to music for the first time in his life , experiencing in a similar way to how i ... i have learned that when i stray away from my gut or intuition is when i tend to make the most mistakes . in the last year or so i realized that i will never be able to act immediately based on ... i wish i could play this . i didn't come here to say anything about anyone in particular ... but reading through this thread makes me happy . <3 completely agreed . i suppose that's what i would call my fashion style--classic , and comfortable . i thought i was the only one having issues . thank god i'm not ! darn it , don't they know that i use this place to stalk people like to look at other people's profiles every once in awhile ? ;) i do this too , and have been working on this , because i realize that while it's important not to take bullying from others , a harsh reaction isn't always appropriate . it's a hard line to balance . ... i love clothes and am pretty particular about what i wear , however , my first concern is always comfort . chances are if it's not comfortable i'm not wearing it . i like bold colors , and i do like to ... charcoal gray camisole , flare leg jeans . i'd wear this kind of thing all the time if i could get away with it , just because it's so dang comfy ... i would like to learn to be more patient . i would like to continue to improve at my job . i want to get better at speaking in front of people ( this ties in a little to my job , but mostly it's a fear ... this is me , exactly . i used to sing in choir and i was pretty good ; not the best , but pretty good . of course i measure myself against my mom , who majored in voice in college and is an amazing ... i'm a libertarian , so while i'm far far right wing fiscally , you might consider me quite left wing socially , so i'm not sure how to answer ... i am a technical communicator ( it's the evolved version of the technical communicator ) and i love it . i get to talk to people , help them create documentation that works for them and helps them do ... '