' if i met myself my immediate reaction would be i can't really figure him out ... i probably would get the feeling that there is some intense mental activity going on in that other me , but i would ... raj , you really have animal magnetism ... those little cuties just stick to you : laughing : a relationship with an infj woman ? ! ? seriously , i have enough difficulties struggling with my own inner demons - i don't need to drag a she-devil into the house as well ... : crazy : honestly , i find ... well , a girl once actually told me ; you would be a very handsome monk ... i guess it was a compliment , albeit the strangest one i've ever heard . i haven't been posting on the forum for a long time , simply because i've been super busy ... you see , i've went back to teaching : happy : i worked as a teacher more than 15 years ago , but entered ... i seem to resonate more with the intuitive variant , it just sounds more like - well , uh , me ... but when i really want to convince someone , i put on my infj ethical superhero suit and become ... i think i might have missed something here ... american politics ? you mean , like they are independent , as if america was a state in its own right ? is america not longer a colony in the british ... don't really know what to say , gracie dear - words seem so hard to find when something like that happens . i'll keep you in my thoughts and prayers , if that is of any consolation . i'm not too eager to post my face on the net , but here it goes : if you want the multimedia version , just try humming the old ... i think that really nails it . i enjoy being with people more extroverted than me , because together we can play with both sides of the coin , so to speak . i worked as department manager for quite a few years , managing a group of programmers , visual artists and scriptwriters ( high-end multimedia production ) . my impression is that people liked working ... if someone gave me a special experience as a gift , like a day at the zoo or a musical concert , i would be very happy . material things are nice ( especially those that can be eaten ) , but experiences ... so , my fellow infjs ... you are such a bunch of weirdos ! : laughing : where can i get my estp membership card , platinum version ? : crazy : me , i'm not weird . not weird in any way . the world around me ... funny ? indeed so - i just give off a few glimpses of what goes on inside my head , and people find it hilarious ... i have a rather surrealistic perception of the world , so when i tell someone what is ... well , to continue the idea of using physics to explain human behaviour : the laws of motion might be of great help to explain what is happening when humans interact . for instance , if two physical ... if the relationship has not evolved into something really serious , it might just be a couple of months before i can go on with my life . but if it was someone really special , it may take years . i ... oh , i forgot : the mettel company sometimes puts out new barbie doll prototypes in the form of life-size robots . they look very much like humans , but on closer inspection you may reveal that they are ... you may encounter what is scientifically known to be a very rare phenomenon ; white noise trapped inside a human body . for those of you without a background in physics and communication theory ; ... i'm in ! this sounds like the perfect country for me ! just give me the directions , and i'll saddle up my trustworthy donkey and begin the journey . if you haven't yet acquired any specific spot on ... what another person might think of as melancholy , to me is peace of mind . perhaps it is one of the blessings of getting older ; you realize that it is really ok to tune into the world just using ... i'd like to say that i'm private , but truth to be told ; i'm paranoid ... the good thing about not telling too much about myself ( or any other person for that matter ) , is that people tend to ... in my point of view , there are two major problems with hallucinogens : 1 . going up is fantastic , but when you're getting down you may feel pretty depressed ( and quite a few of us are inclined to ... to me , torture would be to be put in a crowd for prolonged time . isolation i can cope with , but lack of solitude - nope , that would make me break down . i've gone for weeks speaking to someone just ... x generation , y generation , z generation ... mentally , i'm still with the r generation ( i prefer dostojevskij to many later writers , and i still think shostakovich is the definition of ... i really need to enter survival mode from time to time . it is not so much about escaping the world , more like entering thought / feeling processing and recharge mode . i think gracie put it in ... pet of choice ... or snack of choice .. ? this little puppy belongs to a friend ... what i would do is to give them a flower ... or more specifically , stuff the flower up into their nostrils , given they were strongly allergic to said flower : blushed : i've been a few rough places ... i do believe i have a soul , and i also believe in an afterlife . but a problem is that at least in the western part of the world , we are way to influenced by old greek thinking ( short version : the ... that is looking at it in a positive , almost idealistic , way . i'm not so sure every infj deep down really wants to help others - sometimes we help others because it fuels our self esteem or because ... for me , i have come to peace with the idea that i can loose everything i own , and still have the most important : my inner self and my faith . every time i lock myself out of my appartment , i think it ... female infj , i think you have some really valuable information in your post ! i am an enneagram 5 as well ( 5w4 to be specific ) , and i recognize that intuitive feeling of being on the brink of ... i was raised in a home without servants , so i'm not looking for neither a matron nor a maid ... women that just want to build a nest and forcefully cuddle is just not my thing . i much prefer someone ... you're hereby invited to join as a member of the solipsist society ... wait , we solipsists don't congregate - ah , well , just trash that invitation in the bin then . joke aside , i tend to get a bit ... i think you may get a few good tricks and tips from this website : self employment for the myers briggs types : the idealists – the great office escape for myself , i think i'd do best if i ... i regularly babysit the pets of my friends , in fact so much that i have a sheep skin ( not from my baby brother ... ) constantly laying in a corner of my flat . so ... i've had three mixed breed dogs , a ... if you need change you're always welcome to visit us scandinavians ! sparsely populated with people , but i do recommend conversations with the local reindeers : crazy : could it be that there is something with this girl that resonates with your inner self ? maybe you're obsessed because you see a kind of mirrored image of a part of yourself - a part that you tend to ... if we feel we don't get understood , we might just give in and retreat to our inner selves , thus coming across as even more aloof ... would've been better sometimes to try even harder to explain our ... vey well put , and good advice . especially the question why she is asking you you haven't told us much about the girl , which makes it even more difficult to give clear instructions for your ... if hurt by a friend , but not with devilish intentions ( more like the accidental remark or something like that ) , i will soon forget it . if hurt by someone that is not a friend , i'll be very ... i enjoy explaining complex issues , as long as the issue is not myself ... the worst question in job interviews is so ... tell me about yourself ... i'll rather explain quantum physics to a five ... it is difficult to find , but the movie suture from 1993 could be added to the list as well , mainly because of how it portrays otherness . probably not to everyones taste , but that movie resonated ... since nobody else has asked ... did you meet any pretty nurses .. ? : blushed : it would be the most hilarious infj stunt to get involved in a car crash just to possibly meet a sweet nurse ... well , we ... if someone is complaining about really small and stupid things , i don't want to be empathetic ; it can actually be counterproductive for that person's growth and ability to handle the bigger issues . ... glad that you're alive and ok , dave ! when such things happen we realize how fragile life can be ... if you were a cat , i'd say you've still got 8 lives : happy : p . s . it may take some time before you ... paulh : what you say in your two posts is really useful advice , and i share your point of view as well as some of these experiences . if we met , we would probably talk like two old veterans from a ... once a girl at the office said i can never see what is going on inside your head ... the one person i would never play poker with , would be you ! i gave her my most enigmatic hint of a smile , as i ... i have worked with geoscience for the government , been a teacher , worked as a project manager and script writer in the multimedia industry , worked in a psychiatric hospital , i've even worked a couple ... if i was elected monarch of the us , the first thing i would do would be to question the sanity of the people ... i mean , don't you have any better candidates ? really , not anyone ? and just for the ... i think they are waaay better than us when the action gets going . they are quite good at dealing with the real world , so i guess they would be pretty effective : laughing : the infj hitsquad on the ... '