' foregiveness is given to those who deserve it . this is a very personal decision and only one that you can make . only you know what's most important to you and what you're willing to sacrifice to get it . but ... if i was in your situation , i ... ugh . this is totally me . i experience movies too much . horror movies are impossible for me to watch . especially the saw movies . interesting way of looking at identity and self but in the end i feel it wouldn't be beneficial to adopt this perspective . i'm sure i didn't fully grasp the entire concept nor did i research it in ... for the most part , i can agree with the ideas presented . while studying education , i've run across a lot of brilliant and revolutionary ideas like the ones in the film . at this point , the only ... not sure if i properly grasped exactly what was being said . assuming i have , it sounds like a positive is someone who's adopted a character archetype . this creates an easily understood identity ... i don't presume to speak on the behalf of all infj but i am particularly prone to righteous indignation and i love it . i'm practically mermaid man from spongebob . though i have learned to never ... i hate when people tell me how wonderful and worthwhile life is . but whenever the color fades from the world around me and i'm overwhelmingly tired of my painfully empty existence , i remind myself ... it's an interesting read but until its proven with actual science , i , nor any rational person , should see it as anything more than fiction . both . nature gives inherent traits ( ie . body type , iq , aggression , passivity , extroversion , introversion , general masculinity , general femininity , etc ) which nurture then determines how they're ... psst ! how much ? realizing that my past didn't define me and that , in this one and only life , i was in control and it was up to me to craft the life and future i wanted . google says that he's enfj . i haven't seen the show so couldn't say if that's correct or not . please define abrupt feeling the same way . my strategy is to focus on my needs and try to take pleasure in meeting them . godzilla 2014 . it sucked ; wait for redbox her : highly recommend gravity ; it's a one-time-watch i study engineering in my spare time . though i don't see myself enjoying it as a job , tinkering in my garage is bliss . i'm not one to conform or stand out . i am what i am and let the pieces fall where they may . some fall on the masculine side and some on the feminine . i like to think i have the best of both worlds ... the issue really isn't being comfortable with yourself . it's having a concrete identity and solid concept of self . for starters , what would you say is the ( subjective ) meaning of your ... i could write books about this one line . the feelings you are experiencing , in addition it being a natural consequence of losing loved ones , are the consequence of lower levels of personal ... i can agree with this . people who hate other people tend to hate themselves . we see the world not as it is but as we are . i ask myself what are the possible consequences of perfection / imperfection ? if i conclude that the outcome is irrelevant or negligible then i cut loose wit a devil may care attitude . but when i ... i feel the same way about depression . i had depression with all the symptoms . i even attempted suicide once . one day i decided that i didn't have a disorder . what i was was part of who i was . i ... manipulating or guiding ? i do the opposite . i find myself empathizing with them and trying to come to a mutual understanding of each other . judging is an unhealthy habit . but it really depends on how you define judging . i feel strangely more embarrassed than i had anticipated ... 92409 when i had a facebook , i found my self desperate for likes . i was editing myself and portraying an image of what i thought people wanted . plus , most people on my facebook weren't friends i spent time ... yes it is and it happens all the time . the corporate-political elites grow more powerful as the average individuals grows increasingly uninformed , unhealthy and irrelevant . and those who crave and ... literally , the moment i hit post quick reply , i started punching holes in the way i had worded it lol . basically ... this is , at least now it is , my ruling philosophy . in my personal ... only when you lose yourself , can you truly find yourself . stop trying to be what others expect you to be and stop trying to be what you expect yourself to be . just be when i was younger , i didn't talk much either . i labeled myself things like antisocial , asocial , shy , unlikeable , boring , ect . then i ran across a quote by plato : wise men speak because they have ... those who have enough freedom of thought and intelligent objectivity to examine the evidence for and argument agaisnt theism will surely find that the existence of a deity is unlikely and unsupported ... kill la kill log horizon sword art online ( i wanted to hate it , but i actually loved it ) attack on titan kyosou giga i'm following this show called the news . its a dark comedy-drama . i'm not surehow its going to end , but i'm willilng to bet all the characters kill thenselves . men like justing beiber and one direction are hurting the male image in todays pop culture . it could be argued that they represent neither the male or female gender . rather they are a new breed ... i like big butts and i cannot lie all you other brothers cant deny when you see an itty bitty waist with that big thing in your face ... ... is stuck on an eternal loop in my head busty pirates of big boob bay review : it was a masterpiece among masterpieces . the thrilling storyline , the depth of the character development , the high quality special effects and the ... all people who follow religion and / or believes in a deity are stupid . message deleted i've failed again ... if their is a loving god , i ask that he grant me mercy and end my life peacefully in my sleep tonight . may i not be tortured by another day . what aren't i feeling right now yesterday , i cooked poached salmon in as tomato - pepper-garlic-other things sauce . it was good . boosted my cooking confidence i've spent my whole life finding the truths of the world and creating a vison of what could be only to find myself too powerless to enact any significant change . ... i see dead inside people ... ... why only girls ? you were once wild here . don't let them tame you . if i could get everywhere i wanted to go by either bike or foot , i would never drive again . considering the maintenence costs , gas , insurence and the consequences of a possible collision or run in ... i agree . in personal matters authenticity is key . being someone i'm not or manipulating others feels like killing myself . i wouldn't recommend it . however , certain character traits are a hindereance ... i dated one once . the depth , intensity and often unpredictability of her behavior and personality lit a fire in me . i knew she could take whatever i could dish out . our dynamic was euphoric . good ... being a shy nice guy is way worse than being a narcissitic asshole . the former is just akward , the latter is charming in a tony stark kind of way . advice to guys : say and do what you want ... '