' literally describing me perfectly booboo .. but seriously , as an infj martian , i found my natural inclination toward silliness very odd as well . but it truly makes life so much more fun . i totally ... i have found that when around entps , i am able to mess around with their mind more than they can mess around with mine . then , when they discover i was playing , they get a chuckle and we continue on ... not yet , but i can ask her to take the test again . she has gotten entj before but then she told me all the other times she got random other ones . i have the same problem . are you an infj-t ? i think that may play a part in it . however , when on the quest to lose weight , i found the best thing that worked for me was to first realize that diets ... i have this feeling every waking moment of my life .. except for when i take measured to appease the feeling . i am a couple years older but we are close enough to age to be relatable in the situation ... words of affirmation 2 quality time 10 receiving gifts 1 acts of service 7 physical touch 10 i was obsessed with science and art as a child and growing up . i would always enter science competitions and i won every year :D i still love science and i am pursuing a career in science ! physics is ... hey girl , i know what you're going through . trust me . and it can be so frustrating when your infj mind starts running rampant and just wants to have a great conversation , but your significant other ... things that are amazing in out humanly perceiveable world : smoothies vegetables fruits water air cute animals / snuggling with them dancing not too warm sun on your head beach smells yes the blushing especially . also smiling without trying to ! does your voice ever go a couple octaves higher because your body is naturally trying to give a non threatening vibe , but when it happens ... i'm not fishing for compliments at all ! i just want to have a look inside why some entps are infatuated with infjs . i know several , trust me . i'm trying to gain some insight is all . thanks for the ... i constantly hear and read about the ultimate pairing of the entp with the infj personalities . i must admit , the friends of mine who are entps are the ones with which i get along most effortlessly ... this is really interesting to me . people give me the same reaction but they dot realize that i actually am very fair-tempered . they just don't know what to expect so if guess they fear what might ... i am always told i have a death glare ! and that i look cold . honestly , i'm just lost in my mind . always thinking thinking thinking . rarely perceiving things of the external world . i am an animal-obsessed infj vegan . animals have unassuming qualities about them that draws me to them . it's hard to find an animal with a malicious streak that actually truly acts out of mal intent ... before you go into a relationship , you should be certain that you are okay and secured being on your own . this means that you have more or less found yourself to a healthy extent . if you feel that ... if you press reply with quote at the bottom of the post you want to quote , that works ! yes that's exactly what i meant ! it's fun to read different things and experiment with how much you allow to influence you . sometimes i wonder how much control over that we really have . yes , we have ... i have totally done this before as well . it's like a less harsh door slam . is it possible to casually door slam ? like you get so anxious and annoyed and frustrated at the person but in a long term low key way , so one day you just ignore them and you don't have the intention ... yea i don't like to admit that though i think it takes time to realize this . time and very careful observation of the person's idiosyncrasies and conversation style . let's say i'm talking to bob . bob likes to make witty jokes and enjoys ... that's the spirit ! good luck with freeing your mind and achieving ultimate brain nirvana ! it's been great listening to you ! and if you ever have other questions don't hesitate to ask let your mind go wild . but don't let it imprison you while it runs rampant . it's a paradox , but the control of the mind is what ultimately gives you freedom . i highly suggest mindfulness meditation ... oh my god fizz wizz yes ! ! ! but on a serious note , i love the way you described the navigating of minds between a mesh of levels . literally the best description of this phenomenon . just yes ... what exactly do you mean by door slamming ? just ignoring people completely ? or is it a conversational technique ? i always liked artistic sports like martial arts or gymnastics where you are displaying strength and beauty at once while performing . try to empathize with someone you feel might be gossiping about you . if they actually are gossiping about you , , think about the reasons why they may be doing it while you are in their shoes : 1 ) ... i partially agree and partially disagree . i sometimes do have trouble connecting with other people . when someone asks me a question , and i give an unfiltered , true-to-myself answer , they ... not in any particular order : the grand budapest hotel moulin rouge ! harry potter ( series but especially 6th ) àmelie romeo and juliet baz luhrman and wes anderson films are amazing ! ! shes my favorite ! ! ! tessavictoria is your sig agnes cecile ? ? china 2w3 kaylinn 57 are you an avid reader ? reading strongly affects the verbiage of people . i find that the more i read , the easier and more organic it is for me to come up with idiomatic speech or even ... is this a reference to scary terry from rick and morty this feeling can be very frustrating , and i often experience it as well . one thought that helps me get past this frustration ( even if it's only momentary ) is the fact that time spent toward an ... isn't it frustrating ? ? ? because it is meant in good fun , but ends up either making someone uncomfortable or getting them angry and then it's a major buzzkill . ;( desire machine is it weird that i have trouble with this as an infj ? i have a very dry , absurd sense of humor and i can become very loony and have the urge to do crazy wild funny silly things , but ... don't listen to nitwits . often they are jealous or just trying to over compensate for their own insecurities because they already know that they are a nitwit ! truer words have never been spoken . it is scary to see the absurd lenses through which some people view the world . as if they are the only inhabitants of this earth and only their emotions and ... i'm glad to hear that ! sounds as though you are on the right path to truly finding yourself ! stay strong , we are all just trying to find ourselves and those who are not afraid to ask questions and ... this is spot-on . the easy flow and chemistry is very important . emphasis on easy because the moment the conversation becomes forced , it's a huge buzzkill . the two brains working together bantering ... aliens are a great topic ! i disagree with this . i strongly believe you can love two people at once , but the types of love are different . love a might be really in tune with your emotions , so you feel very safe with love ...  don't ask me why . just the vibe i have the same problem ! ! ! vitamins or any medicine or pill of any type before sleeping automatically gives me weird dreams ! it would be interesting to study the nature of the connection between ... but juice is so juicy and gewddd hom mom nom nom have you ever been to a psych evaluation ? one of my friends came to me very concerned about her personality as it is always changing when she takes the myers briggs . however , this is due to the fact ... there seems to be a lot of talk about entp / infj relationships lately . having studied some of my friends in such relationships , they seems to always have a certain energy between them . liike blue soul ... listen to the little mermaid soundtrack on repeat and when you hear sebastian's voice start singing kiss di girl you know what to do '