' thanks for adding this , i suspected you weren't faulting me , but i also know istj communication is very straightforward and blunt . sadly , she and i had already discussed our mutual short comings , ... that would've been fine if she had discussed specifics with me , but she didn't . she just expressed a general wariness . i am all for investing in something , but she has constantly come at me ... ok , sure , i can see that . but what is the istj stance on closure ? why wouldn't she at least let me know ? the reason i can think of is that she dreads the time / energy cost of having to have that ... yes , even if this was a good wake up call on not being so aimless - - realistically i can't change over night . i will make the changes in my life and habits to try to be more industrious , but she ... hi , all , i have been seeing a female istj for almost 2 months , and she has since gone radio silent without contacting me about a week ago . here are the relevant details - - - she works as a ... merry go round starting again ? ? ? from a guy's perspective : my ex istp has some great physical features , so i obv found her to be smoking . face , body . however as others have noted , i don't think she played to her endowments . ... fml . existp and i met in our mid 20 ' s , too early . i feel myself mellowing out slowly now , but eh , either too little too late or we met at a bad time , too early . ( she's said as much too when we ... approximate what type they are and then ask that type's subforum . seems ignoring and blocking hasn't worked , so you will have to figure out how to talk in that person's mindset and language . her and the other guy are unsustainable long term unless one of them changes his / her faith beliefs . she is christian and he is muslim . she is unlikely to change her side , and last i heard he wasn't ... right , i'm trying to keep away from any false hopes and just be realistic , but at the same time , something doesn't add up . if your explanation is a possibility , i don't understand why she is still ... i know what you mean , as it seems the general consensus with you istps . i asked this because i am trying to make sense of why my istp exgf keeps trying to stay in touch with me and went to the ... i really like the original quoted post and this . haha , i can relate in some ways . i wonder if my situation will pan out similarly ! happy for ya tho , even with the lol , smh's haha . i have a related question . i agree that most istps seem to have few close friends . my question is , if one of your close friends that you opened up to also happened to be a past romantic mate , ... lol , i was thinking the same thing ! haha , so many times we say never again ... and yet ... you never know .. is this that same guy ? ? ? good luck n2 ! ! ! ... huh ? what you typed is completely unrelated to the question . nope , as in what . exgf istp still contacts me about once a month even though she's been with another guy for a year . i told her to leave me be if she's not into me romantically anymore . she mails me a christmas ... i thought istps rarely have regrets . thanks , chrisu . this is more along the lines of what i suspect is the case . but lo and behold she ims me again even just now . thanks . istp exgirlfriend is with someone else for a year . she randomly checks in on me every month or so on im even though i've said if she doesn't feel the same for me anymore , it's best to leave me be ... my istp ex broke up with me and started down the path of seeing someone else before we were really through . she told me she had to put away the sentimental gifts i had given her because they would ... - do you want to go with him ? - i assume no since he seems dumb to you , unless you'd be willing to go just for the experience . - if you go with him , he will assume there is a chance for a real ... ultimately , i don't think your istp preference to let people make their own choices will override the fact that your friend's decisions will lead him to a dead end . am i wrong ? from what i've ... honestly , i know op will not be able to hold it back . his wall was already down the second he saw her . with each and any positive indications istp gives , or construed as such , his dam of emotions ... oh you poor soul . fellow recovering male infp with existp here . - eye contact is good . my ex and i did that same game and confirmed later . when we were already dating , she recalled that she ... okay , this adds a bit more insight into the situation . she often laments about what happened , but not with the overt hope we could try again , but merely that she's not against the general idea of ... moving on caused by istp . she's with someone else right now , but she conveys indirectly she stills mulls and broods about us . this doesn't compute to me ? doesn't a forward action with someone else ... hmm , i haven't really heard this from any istps before . i've heard you gals still care about the person , but you seem to be able to differentiate that from the faded romantic feelings . also , i ... ok , i guess that verifies my suspicion . maybe my ex-istp is only wanting friendship in the way she still tries to care , and im the only one still wanting more . i was confused that she could have ... this is so gross and sickening because it's absolutely true . me and ex-istp have broken up for a year or so . we have a mutual community and still see each other occasionally . i've been ... i have a tangential comment from my ex-girlfriend istp , was wondering if it is related to this topic : in our discussions of whether we would ever give dating another go , she has said the romantic ... sorry , i don't have any advice for your specific situation , but it's just both amusing and definitely rending to me because it is yet again another infp-istp struggle to connect and stay together . ... understandable temptation tho . hard to turn down free , convenient , available action . but n2 ' s right , short term gain , long term setback . d u d e been there , done that . i know it's going to be confusing for you , with conflicting desires / wants and cloudy expectations . existp and i had the talk in august , promptly hooked up ... i said out loud as soon i saw the thread on the istp main page : woaw ... when i clicked the first post , i said ... holy sht ni * * a . i guess i'm treating this as my own personal thread or something ... vent / spew : ( wall of text ) so my uncapped filling of 3 years for my root canal just fell out . it's been gradually chipping ... but isn't that the deal with istp's , you guys need to try things out to get the experiential evidence to verify or formulate beliefs ? what if you had enfp as your first relationship ? would it ... did you end it or her ? messy , circumstantial , or mutual ? thanks . so an istp would rather potentially protect their own self stability over say ... the uncertain connection with another person they are scared of falling too deeply for ? i kind of get what you mean , but could you expand ? do you mean an istp could actually decide to run from someone they care for / love because they are scared the person could become a weak point ... what makes an istp actually ask someone to hang out ? seems like a significant effort for them to reach the point of doing that ? thoughts and prayers with you . i know istps hate religion and a cookie cutter set of values to follow , but now may be a good time to search inside yourself and ask if you do believe in god . ... hey targus , you can go to my profile and look at the thread i started , we are same types and situation , i'm male infp and had a relationship with a female istp . everyone here gives good advice ... where do you live . if you live in america , you can get the cheap / free health insurance if you are low income . some clinics take the insurance . i go to mine for free while i can qualify for the ... i'm glad my existp and i had a break for perspective , despite the other things that have happened in the interim that muddy it up . it's true , i wouldn't have woken up to things without the way ... thanks for commenting . is.a.game yeah , basically nothing really new to be told to me ... i just have to live it . i was going to do regular updates , but i figure i just have to move on , ... stay strong n2 . good point about using one's broken relationships as a mirror to see what the person needs to fix in his / herself first . it takes two to tango , even in a messed up pairing . been wondering , whats the difference between seeing someone , together , or dating ? if you guys had gone out a lot , kissed , would that be any different ? what brand do you use for 5htp ? i'll just order something on amazon . i used to not want to take any supplements , but now i'm at least a bit more open to the more natural ones . shrugs , i got ... '