' i met my intj friend who is male via a debate . i felt like i had found my twin , but then after about a high passion friendship relationship of two months . we had an argument and he said he could no ... omg this is so familiar to me , i was just rolling around in laughter . but i am infj and i've been trying to figure out what my boss type was . i think it's more esfj than enfj . kids love me . i fear , it is an unrequited love . change one habit a week . just thought i'd share this , being a new solar orbit and all ... : mellow : i will be going through it too . i know it will help me have some focus , i hope to change atleast ... i may go visiting some family , because if i don't do it today , i may procrastinate going for months . i am likely to go watch a movie and just chill out . nobody is single . everyone has atleast one relationship with another person . and even if you can't pinpoint a specific relationship , think of your relationship with humans and nature . nobody is ... it's still hard to commit in a sense . he keeps saying to me , you really do need a perfect man , because he thinks i complain so much about things he does and does not do . however , he has crossed my ... i've had several ' best friends ' over the years , earlier the girls were all ixxx but now enfj . my best male friends , have always and still continue to be enxx ( entp mostly ) well , wonderful but it doesn't take anything but rational thoughts to realize that you are connected to every human ( human race ) and nature in the circle of life . i'm afraid ' spirituality ' is just ... i've gone to see movies by myself . the last movie i saw was thor in 3d , because i got a job that day and was well chuffed with myself . i haven't gone recently because frankly its too expensive and ... baaahhh .. all you young people . i am not actively looking to connect with people based on their type . frankly i don't think i would connect with another infj , there was one in my class at uni ... i get involved in a story which shows me aspects of humanity regardless of what its wrapped up in ( animals , aliens , mutants e . t . c ) the fact is no matter how fictional a story may seem , it is a ... i do feel the same way . i'd rather volunteer than donate money , i have donated money before , but because i was extremely touched . i want to do something that i know will actually make a difference , ... someone says to you , ' i don't know why i'm telling you this . you just seem like a good soul person ' ' god ' is not exclusive to anyone or anything . god created all , all things are equally important . humans may seem to be the ones who hold a ' special interest ' but that comes with the territory . the ... my religion is love , infj + i certainly feel this way sometimes , even myself i feel i'm outside myself . there are things that have happened to me that when i look back , i only see it as though i was watching a video of someone ... while this is not random , i think lots of infjs would relate to it , watch the complete web series too . if i don't have a list of things to do i'm going to spend 2/3 of my day on my bed , reading , browsing , chatting with my sos . sometimes when i do have a list , if the things aren't urgent , i would be on ... i am more expressive on my face than i think , i really can't hide the way i feel about something . but sometimes people mistake my going into deep thought as sadness . two words , not happening . omg , i didn't read a book for almost a month and i wanted to die . any ways searched for a secondhand book shop near where i work , luckily it wast too far away and i bought a book ! it was one of the ... never dated , couldn't bring myself to do it , i thought it ridiculous plus none of the guys in my vicinity seemed worth it . i'm 25 and i'm with a great guy ( first time ) i think i'm going to be serious ... i still don't understand how this thing works . i hardly connect with anyone ' online ' even here . the only breakthrough occurs when both parties decide to take it ' offline ' . so , i could meet people online but never connect until our interaction is ... imagination is more important than knowledge - albert einstein where do i start ? you basically beat me to opening this thread . i could have written exactly what you wrote . ah well , can't think of any other right now . now someone tell me this is not depressing poisoned school meal kills children in peru - yahoo ! i am depressed , but the difference between me and someone else , is , instead of thinking and ... ever been sad in your life ? you were depressed . we all get depressed at some point or the other . the difference is the extent to which we remain ' down ' and how it affects your well-being and your ... i attract babies and toddlers . my small talk has to be meaningful like , ' so why did you choose this career ? ' it's really draining though , being extraverted for more than 2 hours in a day . when you want to tell a joke , but decide against it , because while it's ' oh so funny ' in your head , you don't think the person hearing it would be amused . when in doubt , take responsibiity all the time ! even when my alarm is going . in recent times , i made up my mind to go live on my own , even if i'm going to potentially run out of funds in not time . nobody can make me change my mind . also , i chose a career path which my family ... i'v always been skinny so that could present a disadvantage . in high school , i once slapped a much bigger girl who tried to ' bully ' me , then she tried to kill me . the other incident i remember was a ... * sigh * this is why i don't like infp guys . who said you have to stick to one man's concept of life . it was a nice afternoon , our cable had only news channels and arabic ones , so i was just flipping through to find if there was any interesting thing . i stopped at bbc because i saw the one tower of ... i have a definite thing for ntp guys , i've been thinking about this all day , because one just came back into my life * dilemma * anyways , for females , surely enfs i know its ultimately down to the ... the perspective that ends in a good place for all parties . did you consider the act of ' mind your own business ' seriously though , an act cannot be both cruel and benevolent to the doer , the receiver can get it in any way a example would be where you put ... i was just thinking about this some moments ago , how people save their salary all year just to blast it on some two week vacation in god knows where . i thought to myself , ' right now , i'm having a ... its no coincidence that evian = naive . i still buy bottled water some times ( habits hard to break ) , but i consciously try on most occasions not to . it's really terrible . lol ! does this mean i'm you ? i took my first test for a university course and it was paid by the university . i do understand her point of view but what exactly is the problem here ? that people are being typed wrongly , there's ... i use my empathy as a designer , i am able to put my self in the shoes of others quite easily and this makes my skill even more worthwhile i had the overwhelming desire to care for him , and then i realized he really knew the true meaning of love . true ! but what really stops us from living in the present ! why is it so hard to focus ... > _ < i think that's a given in life that we would have to do things we don't want to do and from my time-management class , the suggestion was to seek to enjoy those things . there was an illustration of a ... as i was reading your post , i just imagined time as a lasso . if you ' have ' to attend a meeting , just imagine its a lasso around you from those who set the meeting , dragging you to it ( causing ... '