' nobody lies on the deathbed wishing they had spent more time working . go parasailing today . paint is so fucking win , how could i not . and since this post will ruin it , here's a memorial to my 420 post count ... meakachu used thundershock ! it's super effective ! born of an unholy union of screamofconciousness and a creeper , the vent server has been terrorized by a nebulous , mysterious horror called the screaper . the screaper has never been photographed , and ... am i doin it right  * lurks away * i bore of this again , i'm out . but like frosty the snowman , someday i shall arise from my icy grave to terrorize the innocent villagers again . so long and thanks for all the lulz . necropost that is shorter than signature . i usually post pictures of robots in these , and after a long and perilous search i finally found a picture of an invisible robot ... good find , quin sabe . that's good advice for someone doing it for health reasons , but morally it's kind of half-assed . an oldie but a goldie : it starts off kinda slow but the pace picks up after about the first half hour . this film is rife with unintentional hilarity , ... oi , how could i forget kung fu hustle ? it is from china and it is lolarious . i think it's made by the same crazy monkeys as made shaolin soccer , too . if you haven't seen that i would recommend that ... 36 china town . it is on youtube in 14 parts . it is bollywood ( more liek lollywood amirite ? ) , but it has english subtitles and much of the dialogue is in english . it's ... difficult to describe ... that it is feasible at all says much about how awesome the age in which we live is . i suppose by the definition in your third post , swalker , then indeed this could be called a fully synthetic life ... that's actually another pretty big step ahead . being able to replicate dna isn't the same as decoding it . i don't deny the importance or potential of their findings , but i think it's too early to ... this is certainly a good statement of our current capabilities in genome replication , but creating life this is not . not yet . but still , good read . i am thus far disappointed in your ability to start a revolution , herr doktor . grats amigo . the curse of memes . hey , why you gotta hate on cyanobacteria ? mold is life . so is this . the good news : yes , that is why . it's not all in your head . the bad news : your curse is that now soccer balls have aids . show me hope in a hopeless place . you're the man now dog pretty please ?  show me a bad decision . you , your children , and your childrens ' children will continue to be swindled by gypsies selling bogus anti-curse charms stop eating meat . show me why the chicken crossed the road . seriously . i love all creatures great and small , except for whatever the fuck is in your signature . robatix , that animal is what irrational hatred looks like . fit mine better for what ? ballroom dancing ? making sex ? battle to the death ? a tuxedo ? this topic is confusing and so by extension are you . normally yes , but you're cursed enough as it is . show me jelly ! your firstborn grandchild will look exactly like that organism in your signature . and they won't exactly have a shining personality either . like they'll probably be one of those lifestyle fucks who ... show me a good monkey ( or a bad one ) . * genital locusts * your curse : the nozzle of your mustard bottle will always be irreparably clogged by a brown dried mustard booger . oi turranmc , really ? you're like those guys in mom & dad save the world who picked up the pick me up grenade . for posting in this topic , your next relationship will be ruined by anvils . if you are ... that post + avatar smoking a cigarette = epic irony . but i kid , that's actually a very touching story . every time you are in a hurry in an airport , there will be a fat person walking slowly in front of you . welcome , brave forumite . as a reward for your curiosity , you will now be cursed . have a nice day ! ( we also want your organs . ) show me comeuppance . whispered apologies : laika : the first dog in space and in response to your request , that's no trilobite , it's just a little trilobit ... start smoking crack instead , you won't have any money left for cigarettes . '