' it was too easy when i was younger , so i stopped paying attention to it . as a result i did'nt have the attention span for trig . calculus and more complex forms . geometry , however , came easy and ... i know it has been a while , but the lack of respect for authority does come into play . to live by ones own rules and realizations of percieved existence can become a brutal learning experience . sad ... thanks for the welcome . the original post is almost seven months old , hence the multiple posts . i suppose the moderator could have moved it to another catagory , but it is what it is . i tend to ... in my humble opinion , studying auto mechanics is much more productive . now that we have got the accuracy and legitimacy of the bible covered . i still tend to take a an ignostic , or theological non-cognitivist view of the issue . the bible is as much a non-issue as it ... so for my clarification , you are not in agreement with the bibles version of creation . just curious , could you explain ancient earth . i swear , if i hear the two words intellectually rigorous in a sentence again i will skip to the next post . that's the problem with drinking , i thought , as i poured myself a drink . if something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget ; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate ; and if ... my goodness . this does sum it up . thanks . i never make the mistake of argueing with people for whose opinions i have no respect . god is considered true by the commoner , false by the philosopher , and useful by the ruler . ( paraphrase ) ... myself , i would'nt intentionallly scar myself . i have enough scars from being an active and thrill seeking youth . it speaks more of your personality , in my opinion , than wearing symbolism , or ... i always cook with wine . sometimes i even add it to the food . - w . c . fields . all this being said , would you have something productive to add to the thread , or was this post just to let the thread know how disaffected you are by the status-quo ? have a sense of humor young man . i realize this is a thread for theists , but there seems to be a lack of societal perspective when the argument constitutes who knows god better , and what god ... i agree . god is imaginary . so god is logical to your knowlege . what did god say ? did he speak to you ? this would seem to then make you a gnostic theist . the question proposed in the post from , comes ... plato , kindly address me when you quote me . manipulated to the context of science . manipulated ? how do you know that that was not the original meaning . a statement like that takes no value ... absent air that's good , you acknowledged that the quran has had explanations for scientific discoveries ( and are widely held as valid and established ) . listntoo is mocking my religion as well , ... air is yours of the opinion that the koran explained scientific dicoveries before they were widely held as valid , but no one realized it was already there in the writings until after ... i must call this a cheeseburger . no , must enjoy burger . this was a well thought vid from a creative , and , in my opinion , insightful human . there is nothing i like more than a concise answer . may i use that sometime ? thanks , and yes i did find the post after i put this one up . but i am thankful for the responses none the less , and and am happy to find a similar thought process . in that case , the second would seem more apropriate . it does seem to be an appeal from emotion , which would be unusual for an intj . but you did clarify the fact it was not specificly an intj quote . i would like to see the graphic on the poster to get a contextual reference . but it sounds like a religious analogy of some sort . am i off base ? i recently began looking into mbti and my type . it would seem to me the intj leans toward atheism . and now that i've seen this poll , it appears to be the consensus . so it would seem that being intj carries a tendency toward atheism . i was thinking it is a result of the personality , but i would like to get some opinions . has anyone got some thoughts on the ... i'm new to this forum , so i thought i'd toss a softball out there . i've only recently delved into the personality typing through an mbti , and the type intj comes up each time i test . it seems ... '