' well , this describes exactly my sentiment about mbti and being an infp . mbti isn't a psychometrically valid test and professionals don't use it . it's fun to use it to categorize tv characters but in ... what changed in six years is that it's cute when former students visit the school and teachers shortly after graduation but it's just plain weird when they still do it in their soon to be 30s . i picked infp , isfp and enfp . those are the types that i'm automatically drawn to in my everyday interactions . also , the most delightful person i've recently get to know has tested as an esfp , so i ... 1 ) write my fucking thesis 2 ) find an internship job well , this is a hoax . the spinning woman is simply a visual illusion . it has nothing to do with hemispheric dominance : actually there is no test ... i've been completely hooked to the making a murderer series in netflix . has anyone watched the show ? what i wanted to talk about is that avery's defence attorney dean strang seems to be an infp . what ... i've talked a little about baby names with my husband and we both want to give to our children unique and uncommon names . i think cornelius and conrad would be pretty hilarious names , but of ... my best friend in elementary school and another close friend in my late teens have been infps . i don't have much contact with them nowadays since both of them have moved to another continent . both of ... i'm writing an essay about naked mole rats and came across this video and thought it's pretty hilarious . what ? :D well , maybe this serves a good opportunity for your bf to build his self-esteem and self-image to something more than just being a special infp . sometimes infps carry all sorts of baggage with them which makes them act batshit crazy in relationships . lashing out , mood swings , inability to give space and taking absolutely everything ... no , don't mention it . most people who do these kinds of choices of persons and are actual experts at it and not some self-taught quacks are probably somewhat familiar with mbti but view it as bs so ... it's almost a daily occurence that my entp husband starts some new project while bursting with enthusiasm . most of these projects get pushed aside forgotten and unfinished a few hours later . so i ... i only wear make up because i know it makes others view me more favourably and that does actually matter in my job and it might help in other situations too . otherwise i really couldn't care less . i mostly tend to stay away from istjs ( or then it's them who are staying away from me ) so i don't know many of them . i sometimes lurk the istj forum and based on that i think that istj seem actually ... don't waste your attention on those who give you nothing back . save your attention and care for those who also give it back to you . i totally agree . one of our university's libraries was renewed a while ago and it looks like a clinic now . there's a lot of empty space , everything is white and there's very little any actual ... i prefer libraries over bookstores , because they're more silent and the books are free . also the smelly degenerates bring a nice down-to-earth vibe to it . well , how do people get you to transcend yourself ? if we're all the same , then it shouldn't be hard to deduce from there how to get the infp to transcend . in my experience building a stronger and ... my most prevailing experience with intps is that they seem like people i'd like to get to know better but then for some still unsolved reason i never do . i majored in physics for a while which is a ... yeah , it actually does show more that now that i re-read what i wrote . i worded that whole paragraph half-assedly since there's some irl stuff going on and distracting me , so i failed to write what i ... i was just about to agree with you , and i do definitely think that high fe-users have this great superpower that allows them to scan the feelings that are going on around them , but then i remembered ... i have no problem with criticism if it actually helps me to learn something new or perform better . i really like it when someone is able to provide some new insight , that i haven't thought of myself ... q1 ) yes , saving 5 is better than saving 1 and it's a way to also prevent the villain's future crimes . q2 ) yes , because 1 < 5 . q3 ) yes , because 1 < 5 . q4 ) yes , because 1 < 5 . q5 ) i would really ... hello , nice to see an esfj on this forum , it's a rare treat ^ ^ no , that post did not resonate with me at all :D it failed to describe both fe and fi in the way i perceive them . i don't really ... seems like there is also a lot of good things in your relationship so i wouldn't throw in the towel just yet . just having someone to take care of the real-world tasks is a huge plus and it's ... well , i kinda like to think that mulder is infp and scully is infj but i know intxs are another possibility . because despite being raised in the same place and in the same family the environment is not the same for the twins . they may have different friends , different hobbies or they may go to different ... i'm not very patient . whenever things don't go the way or as fast as i want them to go , i tend to lose my shit . of course all this only happens inside my head so on the outside i still look serene . this year has been treating me kindly so i really have nothing to complain but i can definitely relate to having one of those years . so , for all of you who are having one of those years , i wish you ... long story short , personality = innate temperament + the later life experiences that add to it . temperament is the so called innate part of personality that is based on the biological and genetic ... so , she gave you the benefit of doubt before deciding that you weren't a good fit to her life . and now you seem to think that she somehow owes you something when in fact she doesn't owe you shit ... i would say intj since both my f and p are pretty low . i would otherwise say infj but considering cognitive functions , my fe is ridiculously low , so i think i'll have easier time to just implement ni ... i've actually never tried making them myself . but i've no trouble imagining that they might taste weird without milk or butter :P i just woke up so i'll tell what i ate yesterday . actually i ate some skyr too and it is indeed delicious . i also ate a karelian pie ( ) which doesn't seem ... the reason i think it's a good post is that op already seems to be beating herself up pretty badly over what's happened . but it's okay to move on and enjoy the moment . sometimes shit just happens and ... vow , reading all these posts made me feel much more better about the world . you're doing wonderful things :) i think too that smiling and being generally in a good mood goes a long way since it is ... i was going to write some long , contemplative response to the op but fuck it , this already says everything that needs to be said . btw , everyone of these big 5 traits have actually 6 subfactors . but that's beside the main point . i agree that this limbic / calm differentiation is a good addition to the mbti , but i still think that ... normally i think my mood and thoughts are very flexible and i'm able to shift them the way i like . but while i'm depressed they become so strict and absolute that i no longer have any control over ... as a general notion i wonder what additional value does this bring since b5 is already a valid and reliable dimensional measure for this . but of course these typologies are always more entertaining ... yes , i often have similar thoughts . i work part time in a grocery store and i was shelving some bread when the manager came to me and asked me to do it more quickly . i of course said yes , i ... the only romantic failure i remember was that i didn't dumb a guy as soon as i should have because he was good-looking and it somehow clouded my judgment for a moment . but never have i fallen for a ... do you take a long time to decide whether you like someone ? no , it takes me about 0.1 ms to make that decision which means some mistakes are bound to happen . though usually i tend to like most of ... i can definitely relate to this problem . i do think it has a lot to do with projection and also the fear of being destabilized . all these good changes in your life are still new so it's natural ... i've understood that women don't really approach men that much on online dating sites so there probably isn't anything wrong with your profile , it's just that in general men don't get many ... yes , i've noticed this trend too and it is disturbing . i sometimes wonder do these people giving this kind of advice also leave so easily their own relationships or is it just that when they are ... i chose only entp because i'm married to one and all my other crushes seem so trivial compared to it . i think most of my crushes have been to sts tho . not because sts are particularly alluring but ... the funny thing about life is that you never really know if you've found the right one whether it's another person , a job or anything else you're interested finding . the only thing you can do is to ... i doubt it's worth obtaining to be completely carefree . worrying and feeling sad are sometimes a valid reaction to the things going around you . of course if worrying and sadness are the most ... '