' i imagined other kingdoms with linguistic variations , different mores and laws and created neologisms . of course the other rulers were incompetent and i had to intervene . you know you're an intj when you didn't have an imaginary friend but an imaginary kingdom and you weren't the king , but the kingmaker . a childhood pic . i'm told i look menacing here . i though i looked ' cute ' . you know you're an intj when two people you've known for over 10 years , meet and bond over you quicker ( in 10mins ) than you've bonded with either of them in 10 years . when you scroll through the 200 odd entries in your phone list and realise that there are perhaps just 1 or 2 people with whom you'd consider spending time . the others are co-workers , plumbers , ... an intj knows you're an enfp when you're not dissuaded from talking to us despite our usual ' i'm not interested , ' demeanor ; you keep changing topics mid-sentence and have already jumped 3 topics ... vent alert : you know you're an intj when just being yourself is enough to make people think you're rude and selfish . aaaargh ! my dad was an intj and my mum is an intp . my mum and i get along well because she is pretty laid back ( np ? ) . i often think of her as the more agreeable / sociable version of me ( an intj ) . i find it ... oh no , it's judge dredd . ( overheard in the hallway , prior to final year vivas . ) it's intel again . boiled sheep head ... yum . in such situations , i have the tendency to offer short responses or none at all , if i can help it but i do see how explaining one's own point of view might help with an f one cares about ... oh ! i like that ! that's thinking 5 moves ahead ! my conversation went like this : enfp : don't you like people ? intj : er ... i like some of them . enfp : then why don't you spend time with them ? ... today , i got asked , don't you like people ? how do you answer an enfp who asks you something like that ? without being rude . i got that while chatting last night . chatting ! ! ! why ? because i don't follow every sentence with a : happy : ? this is an all-time uni . favourite in india . goes well with chai . egg puffs hard boiled eggs - 4 puff pastry - 1 pkt / sheet salt and pepper - to taste paprika pwd / chili pwd / curry pwd - to taste ... welcome ... yeah , people presume i've taken some sort of religious vow . now , that is scary . i've scored 74 . sure we do . except , our dates aren't like their dates . reminds me of one of my former house-mates / work colleagues . everyone thought he was a jerk . in fact , as an intervention they got us all to do the mbti . surprise , surprise ! he turned out be an intj ... you know you're and intj when , while you're thinking of how to phrase a question to ask someone or type out , you simultaneously come up with at least three possible answers , while evaluating the pros ... moin ! i'm indian but lived in ostfriesland for a year . :) i was wondering if this is an intj thing . on the rare occasions i do emote , i find that it's usually to express negative emotions such as annoyance , irritation and in some rare cases , anger . i don't ... yeah , i can dance ... in private and with the lights off . lol ! ... and i'm partial to redheads too . too bad polyandry isn't allowed where i come from ! amen ! i cannot abide books or people that waste words on irrelevance ! one of the fondest memories i have of my childhood is spending monsoon afternoons reading with my intp mum . we would each choose an article from an encyclopedia and read it out to each other . i ... you always knew you were an intj when , as a child , instead of bed-time stories you'd rather be read to from an encyclopedia ... better still , you'd read yourself to sleep . psychology pleads guilty to being impatient with fps on numerous occasions . : confused : you know you're an intj when you go into stealth mode when other people are around . people tend think you're daydreaming / reading / not around , etc and proceed to have a discussion when suddenly , bam ! ... pink , the best kind of revenge . unfortunately , copying is more the norm than the exception where i live . more like two . oh , i learnt my lesson alright . the next time i was asked i suggested they have everything redone in pink . you know you're an intj when your boss asks you what you think of the new website and you give him your recommendations along with a couple of templates only to have them rejected because they don't ... i have 2 female friends whom i've known for years . one's an enfp and the other is a an intj . having an enfp friend has taught me how to deal with other f types as well as women . i still run things by ... you know you're an intj when someone asks you for feedback and halfway into it , they bust into tears and you have no idea why . cyrus thinks he's a cat . does that count ? ... [ quote = mkmason ; 818786 ] drawings : i think this is my favourite so far ! sorry , the picture isn't very clear . i did this when i must have been around 10 and wanted to become an archaeologist . ... while i have already done part of what rhee said , ( asked for feedback and gave examples of how the changes have benefited the students and department through raised pass percentages , increased ... i still think this one's cool phone calls . i hate it when people interrupt my train of thought . hi ! i'm an intj with an isfj boss and we've been having trouble dealing with change . she was on sabbatical when i was appointed and while she was away , the syllabus underwent an upgrade and more ... bah ! no wonder ! thanks ! hi ! i'm an intj with an isfj boss and we've been having trouble dealing with change . she was on sabbatical when i was appointed and while she was away , the syllabus underwent an upgrade and more ... <--- an intj at an intj afterparty . you know you're an intj when your student comes up to you and says , y'know when i first met you , i thought you were scary . and you ask , and now ? and the students replies , well , er i was ... ah , that explains the hal 9000 bit . '