' tale of the silkie part i a world of rocks and polished waves , subtle shifts in light and shadow . he loves the sea , wild and full of mystery . seven generations of fishermen bred into muscle ... thank you , dalien ! : blushed : although there is a thread for haiku , i wanted to share some of these here : across open moors , the purple mist of heather hides foot prints and bones . longing moonrise , round and pale and melancholy . the wind blows through the trees , calling in an unknown tongue . i search the soil for gold leaves , and the skeletons of birds ; their bones as ... although this sonnet has irish history / folklore references that some people might not know , i hope it is still enjoyable . mother-song : a spenserian sonnet poet , long have i searched for a ... so beautiful , dalien ! i enjoy all your poetry , but this one is particularly moving ! from childhood i've always been sensitive , and it was very difficult growing up in my tough family ... tears were for sissies . my mother tried to understand me , but no one else did . for years i ... it's never too late to pick up a pen and start writing again ! i wrote in high school , but stopped in my twenties because i was so busy , taking care of my children and trying to be the perfect ... i took this test a year ago , and i'm a hsp ... which didn't surprise me at all , as i've been this way my whole life . i can empathize with everyone who has posted on this thread . instead of ... ok , zwanglos ... as haiku comes easier for me , so here is one about your avatar : perched above the clouds , indomitable spirit challenging the gods . the bard time has bent him to the shape of his harp , his skin wrinkled as a winter apple ; yet he is still as clear-voiced as when he learned the old songs under the greenwood tree . as gnarled ... homemade macaroni and cheese , made with five cheeses and rice pasta , because i have celiac diease . since my avatar picture is taken from a japanese screen , it is fitting that this poem be a haiku : loss and desire ~ the white petals are falling like scent snow . i have travel to a number of places over the years , and i choose ireland . particularly western ireland , near roundstone bog . it is lovely , and so are the people . also , i'm 3/4 th's irish ... i have ... i do believe it ! i am ocd , but thankfully it is mild . i need order , or i can get stressed out ; fortunately , i do have order in the house . but , my loving husband has a mild hording problem . he has filled up the ... feasting eating memories under the ink-dark moon tasting of cinnamon and loss . choking on the sorrow of impossible things , i devour all this strange abundance . thank you ! i really needed this right now ! even in dreams , we should not lie to ourselves . - caitlin kiernan each time when i was pregnant i knew the sex of my baby , without having any tests done . girl , boy , girl . a few of the people i told ( my mother , my sister , a friend ) didn't believe me , until the ... cloak of butterflies sun-dancing upon my skin - exhilarating ! crickets serenade the velvet-eyed flowers ... their leaves like moth wings . pearly shell bursting - the cicada cries for love i believe that real love is what you have described ... agape . i have nothing to add to this . thank you . through the years my purpose has been two fold : 1 ) to be a loving wife and mother , a good friend , treating others with respect and kindness ; 2 ) to use my god-given abilities to create beauty , ... when i was a teen , i had a new crush ( seemingly ) every week . as a woman ( and happily married ) i have one crush , that my husband thinks is cute ... the actor gerard butler . my wonderful hubby will go ... amelie beowulf and grendel casablanca coraline the count of monte cristo dear frankie elizabeth elizabeth , the golden age enchanted april gladiator thank you so much , dalien ! welcome psycho ! i'm still new , too . my daughter is the one who told me of personality cafe . it's a lot of fun ! i used to like working with people , but as i've gotten older , i prefer to work alone . i feel i can accomplish so much more , if i don't have to mediate within a group . and , i don't function well ... what a lovely family you have , runescribe ! and , thanks for sharing your insightful thoughts , encouraging others . peace and joy to you and your loved ones , always ! dalien , i'm glad that you have found comfort in writing poetry ! ! through the years , it has been my way of healing , as well . i like what robert frost said , that poetry is a way of taking life by ... it is such a profound and moving novel ! i found mine in a used book store four years ago ... one of my favorite things to do is browse book stores . there are so many treasures waiting to be discovered ! diversity is so wonderful ! i enjoy many genres of music , as well . anuna bach chet baker beethoven johnny cash roseanne cash celtic woman chicago thank you ! i appreciate your kind words , rune ! sometimes i am too critical of my work ... even over minuet things . for example , after rereading this poem , i realized that i missed a word in the last ... i totally agree , rune ! my grandmother always used to tell me that i had an old soul . funny thing is , i feel as if i'm growing younger with each passing year , a sense of being lighter in my soul , ... i have never looked my age , which used to bother me when i was younger . oh , the foolishness of youth ! it has certainly been to my advantage now . my body has fought many battles since my twenties , ... seasons : a woman's life spring - palest splinter of the new moon tiny crocus pushing into the world smooth petals of cheek the tender smell of green a thatch of muddied hair woven with twigs ... gee , it's hard to choose ... there are so many books that i love . i'll try to keep the list below twenty : the sparrow , and it's sequel the children of god the hobbit lord of the rings the ... although i was born and raised a city girl , i find great joy being in nature . working in my garden is a sanctuary from this face-paced world . there are a lot of lakes and forests less than an hour ... my 51st birthday was last month . fortunately , i don't look my age , but sometimes i feel my age . mostly i feel as if a new phase in my life has just begun ... and i enjoy every single day ! what wonderful insight , runescribe ! i hadn't thought of it before , but it makes sense that self-compassion would be necessary to heal . how can you love your neighbor as yourself , if you can't ... that sounds fun ... i've heard that they make good pets . yeah ! ... for putting introversion and insecurity into perspective ! i'll be sending you good thoughts concerning your health ! it surprised me , too . : shocked : thanks for the smile , runescribe ! and , you're right ... just because we are infj , doesn't mean we hide all day in our homes , don't have a social life , or adventures . you sound like an amazing ... i'm so glad you enjoyed the sunrise this morning . it was lovely here , as well . i was up and in the garden as the sun was rising here in the mid-west . and , i hope the sunset is amazing for you , ... aeiou , i certainly hope so ; unfortunately , human nature is not wired that way . my motto is to be kind to everyone i meet , and maybe they will learn to be kind . even the smallest kindness has ... if god could be seen with the naked eye , then faith would not be needed . and , yet , i can see god in the beauty of a star-splashed sky , and in a glorious sunrise ... hear god's voice in the songs of ... indecisiveness and disappointment with myself has been a hard battle my whole life , and i agree with you seeker about having simple goals . i think of mini-goals to strive for , so i don't get ... this is a very true description of myself as a teenage girl . although i can relate to most of it , i hope as a woman that i can continue to grow beyond the negative traits , yet retain the positive ... dislike : doubting my abilities indecisiveness being afraid to succeed stubbornness anxiety over personal relationships procrastination difficulty forgiving two people in my life ( who seriously ... '