' as a fellow intp you should now that's like the proverbial honey to the equally proverbial bee . before i can even contemplate about answering your questions seriously i feel compelled to answer ... actually , unless they are in a sphere or sphere-like object there'd still be corners . . while it serves a certain purpose and logic in some cases to limit someones choices to two it is still wrong ethically , since you forcefully limit the other persons choices and thus to some extent ... first step : teach a cat to be a dog . 2nd step : apply what you learned from step one onto yourself . 3rd step : accept who you are and try the rest of your life to improve on that and become a ... political correctness , puritanism , .. just all are different forms of the same thing imo : bigotry . it's like they say : extremes touch . and while it can be intellectually stimulating to foray into ... pretty tall order considering most intp's are nocturnal to boot : tongue : sounds to me like he's in a dominant tertiary loop if he's an intp ( from your descriptions he also seemed a possible istp ) . in the case of an intp this is a ti-si loop . i ... yup , at hs people thought it was odd that i used chemistry to help remember things in physics and vice versa , but to me it made complete sense . at work i utilize a similar concept to help me deal ... i . p . does serve a goal , to ensure it's holder has a chance to recuperate it's investment in it , and earning a decent profit off of it . however the current implementations of i . p . seem perverse to ... i think i have a terrible memory , especially for details or loose facts . i mostly remember what / how much i have forgotten . though many colleagues see me as their personal living wiki . i mostly ... > _ > < _ < my cover is blown . . . beam me up kodos no personality typology is perfect , and people that think one is or identify completely with one such stereotype are utterly misguided . there is still very much research to be done on this matter ... generally speaking i think of myself as realistic / pessimistic idealist . i have many ideals politically , but very few to no principles , or hope . my political view is social-liberal . i think ... hmmm infp infj istp intj entp , but only when i feel extremely good / happy / bursting with energy which is very rare . i have been back and forth on this several times and compared the types , ... mostly i find them confusing and irrational . yet an integral part of the human condition , but only with a healthy dose of rationalism to keep it in check and prevent all those naughty excesses . sure ... i think you misunderstood . an intp would not solve it , that would require an effort and a deep interest . we would muse about the idea of solving it in our heads for a bit , then shrug it off and go ... can't be bothered to copy / paste it from the corresponding thread in the intp forum , but i scored true neutral that's along the lines of what i was thinking . the body would probably be in a very advanced of decay , before the intp would notice it , that or he would need to fall over it . or the ne commands you to .. so true imo there is huge difference between voluntary ceding control ( usually glad to be rid of thinking about mundane things ) and it being imposed on you . in the first case i probably even be ... to know when i need some me , myself and intp time , and provide it ( by eliminating all disturbing elements , including yourself , from my environment ) 1 ) thy shalt not idolize any rules 2 ) all rules are meant to be broken 3 ) rule 2 trumps all 4 ) if you need rules to know if you are agood ( wo ) man or not , you are doing something wrong 5 ) see ... true neutral true neutral - a true neutral character does what seems to be a good idea . he doesn't feel strongly one way or the other when it comes to good vs . evil or law vs . chaos . most true ... as a intp - enneagram type 6w5 tritype 612 or 692 i can relate . every so often i start to doubt i'm an intp , but after all the hesitating , research , re-evaluating , and re-re-evaluating i always come ... and trust is more a scale to me . i believe everyone deserves a chance to let you down . so i give everyone i meet some trust-credit and see how they use it , or abuse it . generally it's hard and ... outwardly we look very similar , but under the hood we are very different . so what makes us tick is very different . this is exemplified by our functions intp : ti ne si fe intj : ni te fi se ... frank herbert - dune hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy tolkien : the hobbit , lotr , silmarillion sometimes i hate that i love thinking up the most efficiënt and effectieve systems for my work . i mean , it's fantastic thinking it all out , but if they really implement it it also narrows down my own ... i think it's based on a big misconception . intp's can be great at exploring or creating conspiracy theories . however with an emphasis on theories , to us it's just like any other theory , something ... that's because thinking up all kinds of mischief is easy , actually making it reality takes too much effort compared to devising other mischievous possibilities . and it probably wouldn't even be as ... gender stereotypes are an odd mix of nature and nurture . and it's still not clear what the exact proportions of this recipe are . sadly most people try to push it into one of these corners . ... while outwardly i can seem very friendly , a bit happy-go-lucky even , most of the time i feel i'm forcing myself to differing degrees . i do it because i think that's how it should be and because of ... there is always an answer , knowing it - however - is a different matter . and one of the possible answers is always : 42 . . can be fun , but it's nearly impossible to focus long enough to start let alone finish a game . my mind just wonders too easily unless i'm really committed ( read : interested ) in something . i usually get along great with infp's too , at times they seem to be the only ones who are capable of following me when i go into a far out there idea , exploring the possibilities with me . only ... true . in fact they can be quite handy when of our idea's needs to be made more concrete . they are very apt at things like that , and even seem to enjoy it , where as i ( ntp's ? ! ) get bored with such ... you worry too much about typing yourself , which is actually also what i did and from time to time still a prone to ;p now on topic : mbti ( tries to ) measure your natural inclination / preference in 4 ... good advice , usually intp bitterness or depression is linked to a ti-si-loop ( constantly re-validating a certain conclusion by mauling over the same data ( experiences ) over and over ) , so that has ... situation : me driving with best friend beside me , i had just picked him up to go to a party and was flagged down by a road side alcohol inspection . - * roll down window * - - * very politely and good ... not with a full one . just some handouts about the basic things like do not forget to feed ( but not after midnight ;p ) do not disturb when pensive give enough space and me-time give ... actually , i think all these emotions ( can ) serve a purpose in balanced personalities . if there is one emotion i'd eliminate without a seconds doubt its fanboyism / mass-hysteria . that one serves ... oh my god . . , nah scratch that . . all the greakin deities in the world we live in and the world that have ever been thought up . . . this thread is amazing . . it's like some kind of drug , ... how do s-types handle intp's ? chain gangs ? forced labour camps ? indentured servitude ? > _ > < _ < plausible deniability > _ > wouldn't that get very sticky ? 35216 well , on that note . . if i were in a / the matrix . . i'd sue the programmer ! ! ! this isn't what i wanted ! ! ! or if i am part of the programming , i'm buggy ! ! you made some serious mistakes buddy , ... i nominate . . you to do it 35215 hmm wait , you're a straight male . . 35214 when you boil it down it is a matter of systems vs individuals . most individuals ( hence forward referred to as sheaple . . err people ) think it is impossible to change systems ( like ... ana a lot of good insights in the male-intp psyche already in this thread , like this one : he went hedgehog on you . he still spends too much effort on avoiding you , yet not cutting all ties or ... now that just won't do richard ! you are an intp , you should be able to at least make a home-made dirty bomb or something . '