' i love museums . i love to creatively express myself through my clothing and my home . i draw ( not well ) . i write poems . i make collages . i take photos . the food i make and it's presentation is art . my ... my enfj friend just sent me a unicorn stuffed animal for my birthday , after having a conversation about being disillusioned , and saying we really wish the world was rainbows and unicorns . :) i am an enfj and a type 4 . you have questions ? fire away ! this is brilliant and dead-on ! ( for me at least ) :) just in case i was unclear in my first response : an immature enfj might want everyone to like them but a healthy or mature enfj will not . every type has unhealthy or immature versions : it just ... our brain just fires this way . it is necessary to actively stop ourselves from charming people . it's knee jerk and rather annoying actually . in general we just want people to be happy , abhor ... one has introverted intuition as their dominate function the other has extroverted feeling as their dominate function . i suggest reading the descriptions of both types on personalitypage.com to see ... i think in general we are die hard romantics and if you feel that draw towards her then she probably feels the same for you . i would be willing to wait / work on it if i felt the person was worth it ... i hate to admit that i would , or have done any of these things but i think when i was much younger i might have done one or more of these things . quite unconsciously i'm sure . we always have the best ... it usually is . at this point i try to only have intj female friends . i get in trouble with the boys . moth to the flame . like no other combination . yikes ! : crazy :: crazy : this is me . this is enfj . really . really . realize that you really don't have all the answers , that everyone follows their own path . there are 16 types and they all serve their purpose here on earth ; just because you believe they should be ... weird is a compliment ; i had a boyfriend when i was 15 tell me i was the most normal of all his friends . i was mortified . ;) but he truly , and still to this day , goes out of his way to be weird ... on this day , the day of my birth , plus 37 years i wear the blue of 85 degrees and urine lined underground nails drip with the color of absinthe and too much water my toes try to escape the cliche ... it's my birthday and those dearest to me have all been forced to move because of the economy , some to other countries . i have many aquantances but only few that are real friends . i had a party on ... hahaha ! i should totally send you a pick of the room that i'm currently in , we call it the lounge , it's filled with books , art , pillows and fake fur throws , a vintage typewriter , a vase of peacock ... manipulate ( məˈnɪpjʊˌleɪt ) — vb 1 . yes , i do take issue with the word manipulate as it usually is interpreted as making someone do something that would be bad for them yet good for you ; i don't do this . my comment on inadvertently ... yeah , nutrition isn't too much of a concern as i am fairly strict with food ; in fact i buy only organic vegetables and her school lunches ( which i make ) consist of things like seaweed , raw almonds , ... you and me both . :) i am an enfj and i find it difficult to make blanket statements about the inherent right or wrong of a situation . i believe most opinions are subjective and often culturally influenced . i am flexible ... i think most t . v . shows are annoying , predictable crap . that being said , the exceptions are : game of thrones , true blood , the simpsons ( older seasons ) , futurama ( older seasons ) , parks and recreation , ... yes . i can easily slip into being seriously disillusioned when someone acts cruel , selfish , or purposefully unkind . to get out of that feeling i have to put myself around others who do care and do ... hahaha ! yes , she actually has two half siblings - - my step kids - - and her brother is an esfp . man does he get on her nerves . they loves each other but it's like oil and water most of the time . he ... yes she and myself ( and my husband actually ) are all highly sensitive people . i have read about this and was not surprised that the three of us fall into that category . enfj's are actually very ... thank you so much . your post about my post made me tear up . tonight we made sculptures with clay . she came into the room as i was on the computer and said let's make things with clay , making art ... i had a new friend recently do this to me . i would prefer an honest response then being ignored because my imagination is always worse than reality . sigh . i'm sorry . i know how much this sucks . :( oh this is a poem about my daughter and me . górecki's third you were born to the sound of suffering , górecki's third on repeat . oops . wrong thread . deleted . :) i hate being bored ! i get crazy ocd insane or really sad . that being said : if i am stuck at home , reading , writing , dancing in my kitchen , cleaning ( yuck , last resort ) . playing on the computer ( yucky ... thank you for your advice and your kind words ! yes . i was planning on sitting down with her to figure out a plan . i think where i have erred is by thinking up my own plans and not involving her . she ... yes , we have lots of art supplies and i have bought her numerous journals . i agree she could use a creative outlet . i'm not sure if she finds the art or writing cathartic at this point but maybe it's ... such good stuff in this ! first , yes i think my problem has been trying to give her advice or help her see what's really going on when she's mad . she obviously doesn't want logic at that moment ... great advice . thank you . yes , she is quite cynical already . i probably don't help sometimes with my rants about greed and injustice . she told me the other day that she wants to break into rich ... it's not severe at this point but i can see that once she becomes a teenager it could become that way . i would like her to find an outlet for her emotions : creative , physical , anything that works for ... yes , thank you . we eat very healthy in our house . i try to rarely let her buy school lunch because it's crap . we have no sodas or doritos in our house . but i can't control grandma ; my daughter has ... thank you for the advice . i will try and find something physical that she enjoys and encourage her to do that . she said she wants to try soccer again . in general i think she and i need to discuss ... my daughter , as well as my husband and myself are highly sensitive people . we are very careful and understanding of her feelings . she and i have amazing conversations about what it means to be infj ... i can see many times that she needs to just go up to her room and just figure it out on her own but if i suggest that she gets angry . do you think there is any way , to a 10 year old , that i could ... hello . i'm an enfj and i have a ( almost ) 10 year old infj daughter . she is a delightful , intuitive , empathetic , volcano . she gets her feelings hurt often - - which , as an enfj i understand but it is ... fear , like hands around my throat . euphoria peels back the fingers yet leaves them intact , to struggle once more with images below , bobbing up in the water like severed heads . you , who are ... i agree with you . i am conscious of my ability to manipulate but choose not to because i find it unethical to do so . an example : my daughter who is an infj , and is 10 , asked me the other day to call ... yeah . he's an isfp . they are pretty stubborn when they have their mind set on something . ;) i can say that especially when i was in my early twenties i would act like this with many men , and had no interest in pursuing a relationship with any of them . this is not necessarily the case in ... the series of video's by this guy are brilliant . this particular one is my favorite as it clears up some of the biggest misconceptions about type and begins to show the differences between cognitive ... no angst , nor muse . sigh . exhausted this medium i'm afraid . i have two choices : learn more and try to mold my ideas into established structures . unlikely . or , maybe , like me , make it a melange , ... nope . that was my bad ; i misread what you wrote . i thought you were saying that he was an enfj . i reread what you wrote and see now what you meant . :) i also dated an intj for a long time , four years , and i remember times where he would be crying and i would just stare at him with my death stare and say in a matter of fact tone , i think you need ... oh ! i never saw that that was his type . yep , that makes perfect sense . i have given man's search for meaning as a gift many many times . oh ! and love victor frankl ! brilliant man . it's always about finding meaning : especially for the enfjs . ;) '