' the words stumble like the tower of babel emotions disperse suffocating the air i see you and not one sound is uttered but the heart races in rates uncounted you are the phantom of the night ... there is a possibility for infjs to do ' evil ' things , as with any other type . but i would guess that infjs will not find them evil because they can justify every villainous action as something that ... when i like a guy , i tend to ask a lot of things about them . not necessarily about their personal life , but their views , beliefs , principles , etc . i also get slightly touchy , even if i don't intend ... your crystal visions your breathtaking lexicon if only i could say you're beautiful you think so deeply into an abyss of ocean if only i can drown completely with you you have no one else ... intelligence is the most attractive quality for me , too . it's true that good character is also , if not the most , important . but i believe i would grow tired of the relationship without any ... oh , your frail heart oh , your golden soul the angels surround you to comfort you in vain god listens fervently to your desperate pleas how foolish of everyone to say i am them ! i've met several people i believed were infjs , one is my father and i think there's 1 in my workplace . my colleague is more closed off from other people than i am . it is easy to tell that she was an ... i have two accounts lol . the other one is getting out of hand ( i plan to deactivate it soon ) because so many of my colleagues and students are in there . i couldn't deny their friend requests because ... thoughts start to burst into possibilities as years roll to two digit numbers state of mind is never peaceful for the higher you float , the less you become happy it's exhausting using fe more than i used to . while it feels natural having this function , i still have doubts that i'm overdoing it somehow . every morning , i have to greet everyone with warm smiles ... i don't think i'm totally gullible or credulous . i can usually tell when someone's making up a story or not . perhaps i would appear like i am on the surface , i will nod my head and show to the person ... these are based on my observations on the differences my infp friend and i have . when a person is treating us badly : - the infp is likely to notice it earlier , confront the person , and explain ... i would remember details that people would often forget as well , so it's really not a sensor thing . some intuitives may even report having photographic memory . i think it's more about how much ... 92594 you can usually tell if someone's an infj or isfj in terms of which dominant function they use . si and ni are vastly different from each other , so i suggest you try to have an idea on that instead to ... if i knew that i have something to offer but got rejected instead , i'll try to explain myself at first . or maybe gather several opinions from other people on whether or not these rules are that ... ^ always . i mostly just listen to whatever problem they have , unless if they're going through some heavy stuff , then i'll try to make my advice as insightful as i could . i get that people have ... 32/36 although i mistakenly clicked at the wrong item on one of the pictures * facepalm * which makes my score , technically , 33 ( because the right answer was obvious for me ) . but 32 ' s not bad at ... i used to always keep my distance from babies . they're too fragile and i'm too awkward . i feel like if i carry them , i may hurt them and they'll start crying . just imagining that scares me to death ... i have ordinal_linguistic_personification , and it's regarded as a type of synaesthesia . it's when you associate personality or even gender to ordered sequences such as numbers , alphabets , months , ...  i was bored and made a mix for infjs on 8tracks . you can check it out or not , it's up to you . : tongue : here's the link : 8tracks radio | ni-fe-ti-se ( 22 songs ) | free infj and enya music playlist you suddenly become uncomfortable when everything is going well , everyone's happy , and nothing seems to go wrong . you just feel something is not right when everything's too .. perfect . lol , yes british accent is a favorite of mine . sometimes , though , it doesn't really have to sound like anything . it's just plain weird accent . i can be talking about something , then i'll just ... - i like imitating accents - i bite the end of a straw when drinking . i also bite the edges of a styrofoam cup - i love crumpling crisp and new paper money - when the pavement has lines that are ... the thought of living a reclusive life crosses my mind every now and then , but i can't see myself living that way for a very long time . i will still seek out human interaction eventually . true , i get ... he remembers me through his rose-tinted memories through those long dead conversations trying to find me between the lines i ’ d drawn for him he remembers me as a girl who ’ s full of hope and ... 91582 91580 91581 you can make people feel so guilty about what they did without even saying a word . i was listening to random mixes in 8tracks , and found this : 8tracks radio | for women who are difficult to love ( 15 songs ) | free women and spooky music playlist here's the mix description : ... dear estj mom , i know we don't get along well on a daily basis . still , thank you for everything . you're my mother and i wouldn't wish for any other person to bring me up but you . you are one of ... exactly :) like i said , it's not about conforming . it's about focusing more on what makes as one than what separates us . come to think of it , we are all made of the same stuff . we are literally all the same ... i love the honesty in 3 and 4 , hit me right in the feels ! i'll add mine : 17 . embrace your contradictions . i know that , as much as possible , you wish to be consistent in your words and ... 91324 91325 91326 91327 lucky you ! : tongue : i've known this unhealthy female intj for 2 months . and to this day , the thought of her and how she treated me never fails to make me angry . but a well-rounded intj , i ... no , i haven't seen this yet . i remember reading an amazing review about this film before but never got around watching it . this reminded me again that i have to , so thanks ! haha i read its ... hehe . i know a lot of enfps and they are among the nicest , funnest and most interesting people i know . my brother is one and we're really close . i appreciate the fact that he chooses me to confide ... i'm surprised no one has mentioned v for vendetta yet . v is such an infj . i've read some threads that propose he's an intj but i think infj is more plausible . other movies that i think are ... michelle phan , famous makeup guru on youtube . i don't watch her videos that often but i like this one specifically . she also mentioned on her facebook ... thank you . i needed a hug , even just a virtual one . : happy : thank you . i don't even remember how it feels being hugged by my own mother so i deeply appreciate your concern . no longer do i crave for her love and affection . acceptance and understanding are ... i've always denied that we had any problems because all these years i've been trying so hard to understand you , despite the fact that you put very little effort in understanding me . you say the worst ... i mostly wear neutrals , with a lot of grays and black . i really like keeping things simple but i also try to have ' style ' . trend is not something that i care about , though . i've always chosen clothes ... i know that i have created a false memory in its inception . but the more that i tell these false memories to people , the more i find it hard believing that they're false anymore . thinking about it ... i actually did . but japan prefers native english speakers for teachers . i'm fairly fluent in english but i'm afraid my chances of teaching the language there isn't that high , maybe preschool or ... 8998389984 your friend's so lucky ! japan is definitely a destination for me before i die . but i have to earn first because a trip there is notoriously expensive , so maybe we'll see each other there one day lol ! ... a bad conscience and obliviousness '