' snowbell , it's a difficult process . many people who have been abused , have a serious problem with this . they think , if people closest to me took advantage of me , how am i ever to trust a total ... gossip goat , i don't think your professor is allowed to ask such a question . it's inappropriate . if you know for sure he is the kind of person who has no tact , go to him before class to make sure ... can't think of a boring or ugly language but i think french and spanish and italian sound prettiest . so beautifully put , i sympathize with a lot of what you said . been recently thinking about the loneliness from that perspective also . some women may or may not be like some men in some ways ! ! ! sorry , somebody had to say it ! just wanted to say thank you to everybody here , i appreciated your posts and sharing your experiences with your own pain and pain of people close to you , and giving me words of wisdom . it means a ... locked as per op request it's a fairly sucky test anyways . it had the look of being very accurate and comprehensive but it's not . it sounds fun in theory but it's a lot of work , especially if you want your theory to be respected . but you can do it for fun . like a guy i knew who said women were of two personality types , the ... if you look up one post above , in the stickies , you will see the reasoning presented by treebob . locked . buddhism is a religion so it's hard to answer if it can be helpful for anxiety or depression as if it were a treatment . meditation and mindfulness , which are part of many different religious ... sometimes i think if i ever felt like a peacock butterfly on a sweet sunflower i'd suddenly burst into dozens of flashes of selfish rainbows . yes , i love my psych degree , i used it to clean the toilet yesterday . cell phones touched by an angel it's so hot my white fan sighs each time she turns to face me i feel the least i can do is make something of myself . yes , let me know and if i can move it if you like . :) edit what has helped you ? i have ptsd and i'm sick of it . things trigger me all the time , i can't relax like before , when i used to just fall sleep and i'm up most nights , can't hold down a job , get ... as a way of introduction , i have an academic and research background in psychology and have also been a consumer of psychotherapy for a number of years . using a question / answer format , this post ... a cold glass of fresh unclotted blood . or some sort of soda , i'm not picky . :p same here , lots of shows lose me and other viewers when they try to add the big emotional stuff to their otherwise lighthearted humorous shows . i enjoy modern family , i'm mostly into comedies , but i sense that's not the type of shows you might find interesting . i like the simpsons too , but old stuff , new ones suck . wish there was a similar ... just the strain on my back that bothers me . thank you . this is me this afternoon . :D i keep getting confused when people refer to social anxiety as sad , as it's the common abbreviation for seasonal affective disorder . but there is cure , if by cure you mean not to meet the ... yeah i have the same problem ... hello and welcome ! some of my favorite actors are people who play ( or have played ) people of opposite sexual orientation : eric mccormack ( will , in will & grace ) david hyde pierce ( niles , in frasier ) neil patrick ... i'm 3/4 th hindu , 1/48 th muslim , 2/93 rd jewish , 1/33 rd christian , 1/99 th buddhist , 1/8 th german , 1/213 th gay , 2/91 st trans , 1/3 rd straight , 1/882 nd african , 1/83322 nd short , 1/4 th tall , 1/8 th ... i'm the worst nightmare of grammar police , vocabulary police , spelling police , etc . i don't follow rules . writing for me is an activity in creative expression , but by my own rules . only when i was ... i still remember that great speech given by our hour most honorable leader , carrot top , on the famous mountain : i have a cream ! ... that i apply to my face when it's real sunny out there . angelic gardevoir , sorry for your losses and your bad experiences here too . i obviously can't give advice about diagnosable things , but to speak in most general terms , i also deal with a lot of ... i have a degree in psych and also been consumer of psych services for years , most recently for ptsd . my suggestion is go to a gp , make sure everything else is working fine . i actually wanted to ... + 111 i am new to moderating , but on my part i try to mention the reason why a thread was locked . often it's the op who pm's me or other mods and says they want their thread deleted . but since the way ... oh boy , solitary confinement ! for life ! no , wait , it gets better . only barely . a second ... knock knock . who's there ? to . to who ? to whom ! my stomach hurts today . they call it heartburn . sometimes i cry at night . sometimes i'm numb - i don't mind . what if i die , what if i never find in this place of pain and hate , my life , my ... i'm a newbie myself to poetry but that's rumi there in my sig . i also recommend robert frost and t . s . eliot . without doubt texas ! how could anybody not like the state that gave us the most adorable sheldon and his mother ! ... thanks guys , i was starting to doubt my ability to read ! these stupid things are the reason robots will rise in near future and destroy human beings . the captcha is eliminating humans not robots . ... haven't seen this captcha in a long while ( hate these damned things ) , it's embarrassing but i'm having a brain freeze , forgetting how used to do this but nothing been working so far . not sure what ... do you have a supervisor or a third party that can help ? like this advice quite a bit too . why ? are you great at math or suffer from schizophrenia ... or both ? pays handsomely , with usual perks like paid vacation and free blood transfusion ' round the clock . fax your resume to 555 - hark . picture of your office : i read like five pages and stopped , all those damned russian names . :P i hate books with so many names , i can't even remember five or six names i can actually pronounce , though my dad had said ... that's so sad . i know many parents don't react well to things like this ( heck , people themselves often don't want to have gender issues either ) at first but they usually come around . or they ... lindsay weir , i have a degree in psych and spent some time in grad school and also did research but gender identity issue is not something i have much familiarity with . however , i think this is ... '