' a lot of mistyped infps . and your a enfj ... so tell everyone to get over it . your a enfj ... i just know . don't let others opinions of u create confusion . but the easiest way to figure it out is to ask ur self are u a sociable empath that cares about everyone ... idk what exactly gives me that feel , and i don't think logical analysis would help either . im just sure ur enfj for some reason , it's really all in the way u write-ur voice , cause every personality ... you're definitely a judging extrovert with fe . i'd personally say enfj . heres just a few lessons ive learned in my short time here on earth ... 1 . that all the suffering in life that you , or anyone else endures will only make the happiness someone else ...  bored . i was being really sarcastic ... it was a joke , i thought u had ni , well im sure u must be able to tell that i don't have a cloke of wisdom jammed up a fairies ass , c'mon ... nah , i started a thread and an infj confirmed he thought i was an infj ... but besides i don't need a mistyped infp to tell me im mistyped ... instead of going around ... i don't have any mystical internal wisdom cause i forgot my magic wand in my assitiants ass hole . do all u mystical infj have magic wands-also i forgot my cloke of wisdom in shrek's hut in narnia ... i thank u for saying those things , that shows great character and understand it is aprechiated hes a kid ... he hasn't stopped developing . i think its weird , seeing as how kids are well ummm kids i think mbti typing isn't gonna help an eight year old with anything in life ... thanks for the help too ... 1 . ti for me is like building an idea around a point using comparisons . for example : this is like this because that is like that . or it could be sortof like an essay , where a point is reassured by ... guyss ... i feel so unloved by the people of personalitycafe . you cant tell but i wrapped up with a blanket surrounded by street cats i just went out and found so i don't get lonely , and im eating ... lately i've been unsure of my type ... so i'll try to give a quick in depth description of me to see if u guys can help out , without boring the shit outta u . im a relatively organized ... its chill ... how could i expect a counseling type like and infj to help lol . if ur gonna tell me im mistyped atleast help me get typed ... or maybe its ur projection of self that's ... it is really possible-u wanna help type me cause ive been really back and fourth about it ? it would actually really help . like i can give a basic description of myself and u can tell me what u ... their two different worlds of the same companion . like some dogs are nice and sweet yet other dogs bite and bark , and some cats are really loving and others are sociopaths that just use u for treats ... i don't think i said anything other then the truth , and i was respectful i wasn't talking to anyone in particular just talking in the air , i wasn't diminishing people or their precious poems and if u ... when ur the quietest yet most socially adept of ur friend group . when u think about spending an entire day alone and it gives goosebumps cause ur so happy about it . when u have the answer to a ... now ur giving me feels man ... not cool ... imma write a poem about it im sorry im sometimes a douchbag im too laid back and wear a doo rag poetry is a beautiful thing but i forget for ... sorry i didn't mean to attack people and act like a damned fool its just my sense of humor . im really not trying to diminish some of the really golden poems on this thread , like the one about the ... i talk to my imaginary friend billy ( hes a giant bird ) about cheese cake and flying bunnys . its pretty normal behavior ... but in all honesty i talk to myself a lot , sometimes ill ... ... geez poetry is fun , eh guys . lets get together and read each others deep ass poems about 2 month old relationships , and how difficult our lives are . ya were so kool ... see what i did ... ya , all ya need ta do is rhyme some funny time make it deep like the root of a vine trapped in time life is tough so lets all whine through rhymes were all so special and deep so we look to ... roses are red violets are blue poetry is dead fuck all of you you all go to your hipster clubs with papers of rhymes you've written in tubs but ask yourselves with ur minds so full of love ... the first golden piece of advice i can give to you is relax . personally , i mirror the emotion of my partner , like if there giving me nervous vibes , ill get nervous , but if their laid back , ill be ... idk u seem entp to me , but ur kindof intp as well so what do i know . have any of u ever worked with xstjs they all got pickles gamed up their asses . all the time . it never stops with them , they can never just relax . as a j i can get getting stressed about deadlines ... i never really had any base values in my house so i just worked it out myself , the only thing i can safely say about my childhood is i learned very quickly to think for myself . im not sure if my ... he constantly needs people around him so he dosent get lonely ... that's why todds always at his place . bojack is naturally a zelda but his ego is killing all the zelda he has so he comes ... it's actually the best show since spongebob ... bojack : a dissatisfied narcissistic entp . who seems to be an introvert because hes dealing with his own ego and the fact hes a shitty friend ... saucepan ... before u go to sleep at night do u take the pickle out of ur ass or does ur assistant do that for you ^ ^ i don't know who morpheus is or what the fuck spring awakening is , but im sure there cool as fuck . i have no clue man ... theres just not enough information . are u a messy or clean person ? are u a more patient person or more impatient ? a sensor can also be concerned with morals , justice , truth etc . etc . those are a sign of values not idealism . values are typically a fi thing . the real difference between n and s are n is more ... when i watched monthy python on acid chill , fun to be around , but not loud , always down to have crazy intense sex , says funny shit , hangs out , but not clingy , being a nice person , sexy voice and most important of all not annoying . but , ... intelligence means how quickly your brain processes information , which is in many ways connected to iq scores . iq tests are the only known measurement that we have to accurately measure intelligence ... the easiest way to forget the big picture is to look at everything up close i think that u know ur self better then anyone else . its not so much of what u think , or what u do , as much as who u ... esfp : super nice , enthusiastic , talkitive , energetic , life of the party . a good fictional example is andy dwyer from parks and recreation isfp : really laid back , typically creative , relaxed , the ... you really seem like a enfj to me ... but some basic differences are the infjs tend to be really laid back , not to the point of intp , infp or isps but there pretty chilled out . enfjs tend to be very ... entp ... not to be douche but you're really dramatic . like what do u even mean by this has mostly made my life very difficult because i cannot simply believe anyone unless it is confirmed within my inner ... i cant post a link yet wish is fucking stupid but go on you tube and look up craig vs wild winter survival you dont even need to be a intp to laugh at this guy hes hilarious . '