' my mom is an isfj , and my dad was an intp . my dad adored my mom , and they had an amazing marriage until he passed away . it can definitely work ! personally , i had a friend in the past who was an intp , ... i love to travel ! my favorite place to go on vacation is walt disney world . my husband and i are in love with it . some of my favorite places to travel to are san francisco , new york city , ... 46 % caregiver , 29 % spiritual , and 25 % intellectual yes , i do feel like that sometimes . but , it doesn't take long before i want to go back home and stay away from people for awhile . yes ! everything that you said annoys me too . other than many of the phrases already mentioned , what's up ? annoys me because i never know how to answer . i'm like ... uh ... nothing much . lol . i ... 1 . would you ever consider going bungee jumping / skydiving ? i would consider it , but i'm not sure i'd be brave enough to go through with it . 2 . would you ever consider getting plastic surgery ? ... i agree . i don't particularly like the word religious because it has negative connotations , but it wouldn't be truthful to say i am not religious . well , it's not the word i don't really like ; it's ... lol , yeah . it's strange . i wasn't shy at all until around 5th grade , but i wasn't super shy until i was a teenager . i'm not a control freak , but i can be bossy sometimes . however , it is rare for me to be bossy because i'm usually too shy to speak up when someone is doing something that annoys me . i was a lot more ... i'm not touchy feely either . i rarely initiate hugs except with my husband . it's just really awkward / uncomfortable for me to just hug someone , hold hands , etc . i'm not a super emotional person ... i'm the same way . yes ! ! i do that a lot ! :D i only have a 1 % preference for f over t , so i do sometimes act like an istj or even an intp because my preferences for everything except i aren't exceptionally high ( and i have a lot of istjs ... lol ! i know what you mean . i'm pretty awkward myself when i receive gifts . 8 words of affirmation 11 quality time 0 receiving gifts 6 acts of service 5 physical touch wow , our scores are very similar ! :) i'm the same way about gifts . i agree ! :) you're welcome ! :) i know exactly how that feels . awe , thanks . : blushed : you should ! :) you're very welcome ! :) i agree ! there are so many beautiful people here . awe , thank you so much . : blushed : i think you're very pretty ! :) i have a book about them . i believe i'm melancholic / phlegmatic . i don't really relate to the other two much , if at all . i just recently watched it , and i could definitely relate to sophie too ! :) i felt like she make a lot of decisions that i would have too in her place , and that rarely ever is the case for me when ... mine is just my best friend's nickname for me . candi is short for my first name ( candace ) , and my middle name is joy . i can probably count on both my hands how many times i've really cried about my dad dying when i was 19 . for the first couple years , i could count how many times on just one hand . i didn't even ... i absolutely love all zelda music . my husband and i went to the legend of zelda : symphony of the goddesses two different times it was in atlanta . it is amazing to hear the themes played live . this is pretty much how i feel at my new job right now . : frustrating : people usually can't tell that i'm having such a hard time . i think it's because i try so hard not to be a burden to other ... i think it is common for isfj's to be level-headed . i'm the same way . thank you . <3 awe , thanks so much ! :) i'm pretty much the exact same way . :) you should look at this thread : i've been in a relationship with an istj for almost 8 years and married to him ... i'm pretty much the same way / similar to all the posts above . i tend to withdraw in response to all of those most of the time . if i ever get frustrated as a result of being tired , upset , etc . , i ... exactly ! i get really upset sometimes when i feel like people just don't get me and don't like dealing with them . i'm also grateful that this forum exits and to know that there are others who feel ... i can so relate to this . you have my sympathies . also , i would probably choose invisibility for the exact same reasons . i can definitely relate . i'm the same way . my parents always told me i could do whatever i wanted to do and succeed , and i don't think it's just because they are my parents and are obligated to say ... awesome . :) i have family in both texas and tennessee . i'm from georgia . i love silver linings playbook ! it's one of my favorites . and , yes . i do like watching movies . abbigailius i'm from the south too . :) thank you ! :) it did . haha ! i'm the same way . :) i either don't smile much at all or can't stop smiling . i think it depends on who i'm with and on my mood . people do say things like that to me sometimes . for some reason , guys like to tease me a lot ... when awkward silences happen , i am either really quiet and trying to think of something to say but don't before it gets even more awkward ... or , i start talking about something really random that no ... i have my first formal job interview today . i'm super nervous . wish me luck ! 115434 i'm not sure that any of her music besides this song has ever went big or anything . i've loved her music for years but don't really pay attention to that . lol . it's possible you've heard some of her ... i listen to all kinds of music . my favorite music is alternative / indie rock . i also have a thing for korean music . :) some of my favorite bands are angels & airwaves , of monsters & men , arcade fire , ... gender : female hair color : dirty blonde hair style : long with layers eye shape : almond eye color : blue / green with yellow around the pupil and grey around the iris glasses : i have them but don't ... haha ! awe , both of you are cute ! this has got to be one of the sweetest things i've ever read . good luck finding an isfj girl in real life ! :) i do that sometimes too . :) in almost all games i play , i play a rogue / thief or bard . i would probably have to say bard though because i love music , and bards have similar skills to thieves . being a thief would be too much ... '