' i wish i could stop . and i'm a smoker too ok so i want to clarify something else , i made the mistake of talking about not getting the whole picture out of my head , as much as i tried . things like poo's obliviousness and roo's not questioning ... i was inspired to post afterwhen i saw this play : of course they can . tiggers can do everything . ' ' can they climb trees better then pooh ? ' asked roo , stopping under the tallest pine tree , and looking up at it . ' climbing trees is what they do the ... well si involves recalling sensory data , such as the taste of honey and the comfort of hugging a friend . the one thing poo is really good at is making himself feel good . whew , thanks for telling me ! grammar isn't my strong point . i posted it in the cognitive function part , but i made a post to help some people who don't like memorization , which is an enfp trait as far as i can see . anyway , hope you like ! :) ... i'm glad you guys liked it , and i especially hope you find it useful , for those of us who like to conceptualize things vs . memorize them . i'm hoping i could get this into the article section :) for the longest time , i had difficulty understanding how the cognitive functions work . i could read about them , but i ... * channels urkel * diiddd iii dooo thaaat ? ! ! ! ? ! ! so i think i might be lacking in it a bit . but even if you understand what it is , how do you develop it ? ok so i always thought manscaping meant taking care of the body hair , like on the chest and such . the trick with the downstairs region is to trim it , cause you dont wanna look like a 12 yr old . just ... heh , so while he is busy dedicating threads to all the people that are awesome , let's all take some time to say what we like about the king of dreams muchaparadox you are kind of like tinkerbell , flying around , sprinkling happiness dust on everyone . pinkrasputin clever , genuine , thoughtful , and with a great nose for bs . you have been greatly ... when i really care about someone a lot , they end up having influence over me . but i don't generally get duped by people i don't trust . you never stay single for long where did you read that you can only have one or the other is what i would like to know ? i thought we use all 8 processes , just not equally . hmwith perhaps we are easy to pick on because we can talk a lot about a lot of different things , and since we can see so many angles on one topic , it would appear to one who isn't listening ... i wish i could switch between enfp and infj nekoninja next time you want to start a project or need some inspiration , ask on the enfp forum , you will find a bunch of enthusiastic ideas and tips . well , yeah , we tend to zip around everywhere . can't be contained to our own section . a lot of my good friends are isfps . my best friend is a isfp graphic artist . she's always calling me up for ... xj_sky what are you attempting to create ? so true about common areas . i'm big on a clean common area , a house free of strange smells , and a bedroom that i can keep however i want . i'm starting to think that your adhd , and possibly your age , is affecting your ability to accurately identify your personality . the more i read your posts , the less i see infj . what results have you ... urtehnoes i took the cognitive funcions test , and i'm ne dominant , but my second most used is also ni . people see your posts full of ne because of all the spontaneous , random thoughts , and ... when i was younger that used to be me . he might have put on that act if he picked up on your need for orderliness or perhaps he wanted to appear as more than he is . if it's the first one , ... well , i know that a lot of people mistype themselves as infj , particularly because it is the rarest type . but an enfp and an infj are really very different . one good indicator is in your relationship ... the world according to nick i will never forget you , even though i wish i sometimes could i agree , but i understand that people tend to do this with the intention of comforting , and you are right , what i want is understanding , but i guess it's difficult to get that from anyone but him ... funny , i had that same experience , with an infj who turned out to be an isfp . we had several months of amazing communication , then one day , he put up a big impenetrable wall , and that was it . i'm ... go here , and try this one . keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes i can't in good conscience respect anyone who beats women i'm sure you're still a rarity in your own way :) xj_sky out of curiosity how come you wanted to be one certain kind of type ? i mean , none are necessarily better than others sea cucumber thank you very much . it's still hard on me and hard to hear but that helps . i thought dissidia really had a great mix of the different types , and they were easy for me to identify . warrior of light - istj firion - isfp onion knight - enfp cecil - esfj kain - intj ... xj_sky yeah , you're an isfp . it makes sense now . soetimes , when a problem presents with no solution , it''s not a problem , but rather a conditon to be accepted . the buzz is far from the actual proble , it's the gullibility that come with it . so ... oh yeah , and if i don't answer the phone , its not because i don't like talking to you , it probably cause i'm on the other line too busy to click over . i jump at any opportunity to converse , unless ... i have a few infp's and i find it draining when they start talking about themself , usually because it tends to be quite self-depreciating . i personally like infp's but they tend to be difficult ... sweetie , one thing . us enfp's love the idea of planning but can suck at the execution of it . i'd say start it up and let everyone start contributing . you can modify it along the way as it grows ... i'm interested in giving it a try :) ha ! enfp seems to be pretty heavy here . enfp is a big one to start off with as i have two sibs who are enfp as well . enfj , my dad who cemented many values in me ( not always a good thing ) infj ... the infj's i dated didn't seem to have much of a problem moving on from me . of course , there's a strong possibility that they weren't infj's . i recently began learning to do that too . it's interesting to see the world without a narrative , or internal ipod , or my feelers / analyzers which dominate my thoughts . its really difficult for me to ... i wonder if anything happened in your lifetime that made you so deeply and profoundly feel that way , sometimes illnesses , trauma , near death experiences , and other occurances can have that effect ... xj_sky it sounds like you are an infj , perhaps you had recognized at one point that you were out of touch with your senses , and worked to stregthen them , to the point where you experience them ... pinkrasputin thanks . you are always good at pointing out the important pieces . for me , i tend to think there is truth behind everything , even lies . and i want to make sure i'm not justifying actions ... '