' i think it's true . when i'm at points where i'm angry or in an argument , i become different than how i act normally and do often become cold and calculating . i think it's self-defense , in a way . infp - binder pencil case phone wallet makeup bag hoodie small notebook pen i think infps are usually chaotic goods , and entjs are lawful evils . i don't think a combination such as isfj chaotic evil is possible / 8tracks radio | never good enough (8 songs ) | free sad pop punk and sad music playlist i am . i've always just found the idea of religion so confusing , and i don't see anything to believe in and religion has caused so much war and shit that i don't want to be a part of that . i do think ... kyro i've been better , hbu , pal ? i'm like sayaka , madoka and homura from pmmm . i'm a bit like bertholdt from snk . i dont think i can feel anymore i cannot even bring myself to love those who i love most not that rare , but i'm an infp type 2 . consent given . the latter . the latter . kind of a j versus p thing here . it's a little tricky with introverts though , since according to socionics the infp is actually infj . in terms of cognitive ... inevitabilis hi i agree with the op . the thing is , aren't everybody's lives meaningless ? will anyone make an impact ? will any of our lives today matter in 100 years ? to answer your question ... probably the second one . i relate more to the inferior te descriptions . i don't quite understand , but i do tend to like what my friends like , instead of forming my own interests . a few deep interests . like i'll get very involved with a book or tv show or movie for a year or so , and then move on to the next thing i find . from what i know of isfjs , they're very outward do-gooders , who are too nice to see when something is bad , which i don't think is me . as for the i don't like disorganized people . thing , it's that ... i know one of you and you're great , but you can be a bit ... judgemental ? sometimes . i saw this in the infp fourm , so i figured i'd ask this here . what do you intps think of us ? [ quote = ai.tran . 75 ; 9441994 ] do you very feel guilty for something that isn't your fault at all ? / quote ] yes , all the time . like you fall off your chair and i was sitting 5 chairs away from you ? i ... i do ! i enjoy snk , death note , puella magi madoka magica , corpse party and such . you can check out my tumblr here i originally tested with isfp , and then infp ( which i feel like i fit with most ) , and recently i've been testing as isfj , which i don't feel fits me at all . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made ... i perceive you as intelligent , witty and insightful . you're a nice person , yes , and you do nice things , but not outstandingly do-gooder guys look at all these nice things i am doing for all of these ... i'm rather in between . i clean a lot , enjoy it , and have intentions to clean again and to stay organized , and everything just goes to shit . i play piano , a bit of clarinet , i'm taking up guitar soon and i want to start bass and ukulele . where would you get the logic that eren is a t ? also , am i the only one that thinks sasha's an n ? she's a lot smarter and more intuitive than people give her the credit for . frozen , divergent and most dystopian movies , in general , with the exception of thg . halen perhaps five minutes is not enough time to write anything with rhythm or rhyme how could i write something with such little time if i cannot even make the verses rhyme how could i put words ... because we're always so down on ourselves , and we think we're never worthy of anything like love or happiness . : c how do you guys take to being criticized ? enfp , estj , entp , intj and intp . you're so mean . you should apologize more often . i feel similarly to what the above poster said . i have an intp friend , and she's very intelligent and good with conversation . she's very rational and i enjoy listening to what she has to say , and we ... are you guys very anxious and / or expressive and / or emotional people , generally , or is that just my enfp friend ? i do . i use tumblr way too much . infp , 2w1 ~ i hate books . i love talking to people ! parties are my favourite thing . yeah . for about half an hour after i've woken up , do not come near me , do not touch me , do not exist around me , the only thing i care for is coffee . yuu from sakura trick . it's a nice , cute , fluffy yuri . as for serious anime , mami from puella magi madoka magica . she's experienced less suffering then the other puella magi . maybe sasha braus from ... mello / miheal keehl from death note . he's an entj , i believe . i also really like sayaka miki from puella magi madoka magica , if my icon had not already indicated so . i think she's an esfp . i don't . i would love to be an extrovert , i could . but it's mostly that i envy them slightly , and i just don't get how they work . i volunteer . however , i almost never use j over p . would that still make me an isfj ? yeah , i am . i fall everywhere , i'm really un-coordinated , i drop everything . that's what everyone's been saying , but i use p almost always over j , would that still make me an isfj ? i've been wondering recently , and do you think there's much correlation between mbti types and social anxiety ? also , any tips for getting over social anxiety ? what type do you think is more likely ... also , my cognitive functions are the following , if it helps . cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 14.5 ) unused ... '