' this mention stuff is annoying what if piss was the cure for cancer ? it would be funny if your girlfriend had breast cancer and to cure her you'd have to piss on her chest every day . chemotherapy would be pretty disturbing was kinda the pack leader from 6-11 , then i found out about things that were more interesting than people , done some things i still cringe at having done today and spent most of my time researching ... i listen to the howard stern show for the better part of every day , turns my brain right off . the biggest struggle is just living life as it is . just having to do stuff is the worst . i'm frequently pissed off by the system of living life that someone else made up and it's now enforced by ... the worst thing is that if that happened to me i would probably laugh at myself saying that afterwards when she was out of earshot . i'm not saying it's a bad thread , i'm just saying i wish i could pick that choice because i truly don't give a shit about what colour something is . 1 . run away if possible 2 . if not just try to make them laugh with jokes about their situation 3 . if that doesn't work cringe with awkwardness and run away anyway i still use facebook because this screen no longer exists .  ... why no i don't give a shit option ? i really hope that doesn't happen to me , since that's what most of the fun i have consists of . well to get on topic besides studying law i also produce music but just for myself and i'm about to start an internet radio talk show with some mates - got some great ideas for guests , bits and all ... well i'm studying law and it's some of the most boring and annoying shit i've ever done in my life learning about who wrote what constitution and what was in it . i have to learn all of this crap and ... don't go into law dude , you think it'll be interesting and you'll get to argue for money , but it's actually just learning tons of meaningless shit that's completely irrelevant to the profession ... 1 ) the first thing that comes in your mind ( honestly ) vagina 2 ) the first person that comes in your mind me 3 ) what do you actually like doing ? nothing 4 ) what are your favourite types to ... post fuck all of you on facebook . i've actually always felt like that about being an attorney , or something else related to the law , just because i like arguing with people , so i just went for that because nothing else came to mind ... all this is nice , but it kinda sucks when you realise that there's not actually any point in what you're doing and there's no way of finding something to do that has a point . i'm all about moving ... i've seriously tried most of my life to find one of these things called a passion . it's supposed to be something you love more than anything to do and you should arrange your future life according ... alone , it's nice to have people around but it stops being nice when you can't get them out . huh , nothing even close to that has ever happened to me . i don't believe iq actually measures real intelligence , just one area of it . having said that , i haven't taken the test , so i don't know my score , but i have taken a test that i think is a bit ... why do i even visit this forum ? you should have made this thread six years ago . yeah , like hitler , the guy was just helping jews from the suffering of being jews . what would he be if he didn't do it ? he had every right to kill these people , just like you have every right to ... an entp commie , you better be chinese or something . * * * radicalism 91.25 socialism 18.75 tenderness 46.875 these scores indicate that you are a progressive ; this is the political profile one might associate with a university professor . it appears ... i've never been interested in any of these things except maybe the drinking . i never knew one could fit so much bs in one paragraph . nah , it's my current obsession . also modular synths . gta 5 i relate fully to op on most of it . i usually drink with more or less the same group of people every weekend and one week i'm enjoying them and having a lot of fun , talking a lot and then the next ... are there any other entps who just don't give a damn about being in a relationship ? for me it's more of a pain in the ass than a good thing , i'd prefer a one night stand any day . just don't watch skins . shit sucks , especially after they get rid of the entire cast and replace it with worse actors . anything by philip k . dick , just amazing stuff . > implying greentext works outside of 4chan wrong . n well , weed probably affects different people in many different ways , unlike the aforementioned drugs . i'm not really addicted to any of them except cigarettes . you're very wrong with the ... yes . sorry buddy , there's no helping you . yeah , i drink alcohol and coffee and i smoke . but unlike you i realized that self-medicating with weed is an extremely poor choice . go see a psychiatrist . well , you can either confront your problems or run away to weed from them . p > e > n > i > s i hate all insects , but spiders are the worst ( not counting centipedes , thank god they dont live here ) . i usually have long battles with them , because i refuse to touch them with my hand , so i use ... astrology is invalid . provided that astrology is the belief that the position of planets at the moment of a person's birth has an effect on their future , consider twins . if the planets were in ... i usually split a vodka bottle with somebody and mix it with some lemonade or energy drink , kills the shitty taste . nah , i know an enfp guy who is pretty fun to exchange random crap with though , it's like we speak similar languages although when in bigger groups we usually compete for the spotlight . i'm hoping not ... '