' i know right ! over a year old now fucking crazy shit mate . fucking crazy ass shit . <3 lol rip ah shit . kill wick i'd fill his void any day if u kno wut im sayin everytime i come back here it's like this mad wave of nostalgia and self deprecation . marry super duper , fuck animal and kill leocat fmk : kaleidoscope , knife , pompom there's a new mango ? ! ? tf where have i been . uhm kill all these people because i don't remember who they are ( jk polygamy with all of em ) fmk : blue , drunk parrot , wellsey bless your cow can i have a fortune <3 cant see any new posts like at all darn glitches edit : all good now ... silhouettes ... they're not real people , they're just targets ... you can tell within the first few seconds of the vid that the vietnam war infantry soldier is truly damaged from his experiences especially @ 2:30 my brain has reduced to memes and mush : spam : holy shit moon bean ! ! will you ever recover your ratio now ? : wink : the good old days that werent really good at all but nostalgia and my memory distorts it into something worth reliving bored i can only communicate in farts . it's so lonely . ^ those fingers look like tiny circumcised penises . that has to be photoshopped . - - - so i have accumulated some money . i really want to buy a loop pedal , because it's an infinite jamming ... beutiful white dog with black spots on your facial ! black and white : are you biracial ? ? best bit . italian and greeks are white too ( generally speaking of course ) so what difference does it make ? does white people then refer mainly to just anglo saxon people ? that's kinda sad really . they're ... listening to grace helbig's podcast . this episode has steve zaragoza who is such a funny guy . some of these lines are just so darn quoteable . grace : if you could throw cold spaghetti at ... so . tired . if i nap now i'll throw my sleep outta whack . i was out and about for most of the day . i mightn't be an introvert but fuck i'm drained . can introverted extroverts ( enps ) and ... am i as annoying and horrible as i feel i am sometimes ? why am i so concerned about some people not liking me ? being bored as fuck . did a couple hours of study for modern and now my brain is fried and won't work on anything school related until maybe 8p m . i have no idea what to do right now . * self ... oy vey x2 edit : x3 now this is just getting kind of sad now spaura . oy vey i just realised the other day that it was march and that summer is over and that autumns began . it's nice . i miss wearing a warm cosy scarf , nice oversized jumpers and pants and omg boots . i miss ... just wanted to point out how seriously fucked up that is . spaura if this is true it's a serious form of harassment . all respect i have / had for you would be gone . blackmailing someone , anyone , i ... it's a lana del rey singing sad songs on my stereo whilst i look out a window at the grey skies with a hot coffee breathing on me kinda day . sun bear was the user with the gorillaz avatar known as xrx ? could it be true ... the world makes sense now . jk it never will . who the fuck doesn't know who cyndi lauper is ? ! my friend send me this : as i was ranting about how i really have to continue to do well in math because as much as i hate it , it's currently my best subject ... it is a white cancer stick yet the smell is oddly comforting although it professes danger a mouldy foot or rotting tongue rattle lungs for children to play with wheezing breath . i do not ... no . you must grow like the pancaketreehouse ! questionable stability , violating every law of architecture but god damn delicious and fluffy . no questions . regretting all of my life's decisions . hey pancaketreehouse please don't . if you do i will call ur mother . so don't . this pewdiepie being a nazi thing is hilarious . it's also pretty upsetting because it reveals the poor state of the media and journalism right now . not to mention companies are refusing to work for ... so many thoughts . somanythoughtssomanythoughtssomanythoughtssomanythoughts . somanythoughtssomanythoughtssomanythoughtssomanythoughtssomanythoughtssomanythoughts . somanythoughtssomanythoughts ... my mind likes to jump to highly negative and outlandish conclusions . i believe none of it and rationalise the instant i think it . however , i am a worry wart by nature , so there will always be that ... i feel like such a creep when i think the same thing . jumping to conclusions like fleas to a dog . in an old laden memory oh how time changes though this moment is not wholly foreign to what was years ago it just sits lonely in the dark as this song reaches every 3rd i think of you , ... looking through a university booklet trying to figure out what the fuck to do with my life . i am also simultaneously avoiding making summary notes for my subjects . even though i have half yearly ... work , dont nap . work , don't nap . work , don't nap . dont get comfy . don't lie down . don't take a nap . self discipline is too hard and i don't like it . ... 647850 gossip goat my calculator doesn't refuse to do it . yours must be broken . or not broken enough . this made me giggle ... because it's true > < blebble , you're pretty darn special . imma offer different advice than math cause i can and i will . whilst i agree with him on you needing to take ... today has been one of those days where you just chill and watch movies . there is no guilt in a lazy day like today . unlike so many lazy days , this one feels content . i've been feeling pretty good ... looking through unesco world heritage sites and drooling accordingly . the proper term is great farcking arvo mates , aye awkwardly is spelt awkwardly just like how conglomeration is a con-glom-er-a-tion of different sounds . it's such an ugly word yet so perfect in ... ... is this food i smell ? ! it smells like soup . i don't usually like soup much , i must be hungry . what's an ideal interval to go between meals ? i last ate at about 11am . it's now 5 . i don't ... '