' i always wanted a child ( 2 to be more precise , same reasoning as neutralchaotic ) but with the way this world is and the way i am right now i'm not sure i'd go through with it . i might ... actualized : infp preferred : infp attraction : infj then i refreshed like they said and got isfj . i can't argue about either but if i had to i wouldn't know which to put above the other because ... bandaging my toe because the nail got partially torn off . hi , how's he doing now ? i used to want to but right now i think where i am at right now is the only place i want to be . i don't want to be anyone else or go to any other world because i'd be faced a lot of foreign problems ... live with the kind of understanding and compassion you'd like to be treated with . ( do unto others as you would have them do unto you and stuff . ) life is a journey , not a prison . treat it as such ... fat in the aftermath of a tropical storm over here , so a rainy day at it's finest . it's really cold and cosy . thank god there wasn't any damage around my area . in other ... this is creepily accurate ! thank you ! ^ _ ^ hope you have sweet dreams . here's my post ... sorry about the redundant pictures , i wanted to get it upright ... 686026 inforjoking if you have the time , can you do mine as well ? peaceful warrior thank you : 3 . i tried a deeper voice first but it didn't turn out well so i went for higher ... really ? how so ? is it in voice or ... i finally got it to work ! ( i was pressing the wrong button , now i feel pretty silly ... : blushed :) i was happy you requested house of the rising sun eefje because it was a really good song . vocaroo | ... judging from the colors that happen to surround and suit me , i'd say peach , light brown , red , purple , wine colours , turquoise , light blue , hot pink , grey , black and white . you all were amazing ! ( and sometimes really funny . xd ) unfortunately i don't have a microphone otherwise i would have loved to participate . :( i've always wanted to try karaoke ... this is a really ... pretty average over here , shoulder length , though i guess if i straightened it , it would be much longer , like shoulder blades or something . i am not ashamed to say that i watched less than a minute into that then skipped to the end . i wasted 51 seconds of my life . as for the movie , the graphics are pretty , some of the male protagonist's ... crushing weeds by rubbing them against concrete to see if they would stain , walking along sidewalk edges , the lilo and stitch movie . it was a huge influence in my childhood and i watched it ... ... i was very naive when i was younger , ( still am ) did stuff that i'm not proud of , and wasn't very street smart.not sure how much of this counts but ... here goes . i would say the first was when i ... beauty and the beast 2017 i approve of it . chocolate - need i say more ? i love chocolate muffins and chocolate with nougat the best . i only eat milk and dark chocolate though . nuts and raisins pasta dishes peanut and chocolate punches , ...  the fray - over my head ( cable car ) et.al . i go to this ...   say whatever ... like i said in some other thread about fashion , i do like the idea of it . however what i have in mind and what lines up with reality doesn't usually match up . there's a part of me that genuinely ... hei hei crossroads ? life's crisis ? a girl is in a coma . within her coma , her mind crafts a form of purgatory where she must prove that she deserves to live . within it there are lot of people like her : ... owning a house that i can decorate myself , with a meditation room , an art room / sun room and a hallway of murals that acts as a time-line , painted by the husband and children i hope to have in the ... the precure world narnia winx club world ( oh , the trolling opportunities ... ) pokemon ( i would sooo just go into a major city and start singing theme songs , social anxiety and stage fright be ... people who you don't know telling you that they love you . watched amelie for the first time . pretty good . swept the living room finished shopping for christmas gifts completed the angels and earthlings gift exchange at work . my earthling was beaming whenever i saw her today , so i'm hoping i had ... hello ! welcome to pc ! i although i can't really help you since i'm not an intj , i think your question is a really good one , that might be better received in the intj sub forum . rhymes 6143546143 62 6143386143 46 because the no christmas is complete without something a little sweet . december 4th . it's a beautiful dress , but that accordion material on top looks ridiculously impractical and uncomfortable . i usually wear what i can grab from my closet . most of my clothes are gifts so a lot of ... i really dislike calling / receiving calls that have a purpose , ( like calling to get information from the bank or an organization or something . ) i also dislike social calls . whenever i have to make ... i use my phone fairly often , 3-4 days a week to play games when i get bored when there's no internet access or book nearby for me to read . at other times i only use my phone to message or make calls ... oh , i do this too , except instead of thinking i'm going to die within a week , i think about the story of the sword of damocles . i don't use it all that often for fear of the effect wearing off but it ... unique or unfortunate , i think some are missing the point here . isn't the purpose of this thread to discuss how people tend to use the terms unique and special to create some value of themselves ? ... go to be early , wake up early take better care of my surroundings exercise at least twice a week improve my artistic abilities ( mainly , writing , drawing and crocheting . ) try to work on my stress ... man , where do i begin ? i loved a lot of cartoons . childhood hamtaro yu-gi-oh tom and jerry pokemon cubix clifford the big red dog gargoyles never have i ever bought a phone . i was pretty much a wallflower , hanging on as a fringe member of social groups , being the listener instead of a talker , occasionally having someone outgoing approach me to be my friend . ( i'd like to ... note to self : if i ever find myself living in a room with infps for a prolonged period of time , get up early . dofus livre i : julith right handed . i like showering , i always get lost in my thoughts and the water feels nice on my skin . especially a warm shower on a cold day and vice versa . i like the idea of singing in the shower but i know my ... '