' right when i saw this thread the first name that came to my mind was george carlin ! ! interesting that we all like him ... bill hicks too . i also avoid confrontation at all costs . my step-mother especially , i am afraid to even ask her a question or talk to her because it always becomes a confrontation . i've had a bit of a crisis in my life recently . do we really have control over our lives or is everything we do controlled in a cause and effect fashion ? ... following our will and wind we may just go where no one's been . - tool edit : there are 3 more in my signature . you are a slave to the rules you live by . i was baptized when i was 10 . two years later i was agnostic and now i'm an atheist . the only thing that matters is what you want . what you think . i sort of kick out my feet when walking slowly and take large strides when trying to get through a crowd . - i step on people's heels constantly and whenever they look , i pretend it wasn't me ... 80 % 10 % ... that's quite interesting that many of us have esfj parents . my mother is an esfj , but we usually get along pretty well . ( i haven't lived with her for 15 years ) so when i see her she is not so bad ... is level 8 supposed to be the white screen with wenoot at the top ? what am i supposed to do , the title says i'm wasting my time lol ! ahaaa ! i finally got it . thank you ! 1 . myself ( obviously ) 2 . small snake 3 . i pick it up and take it with me ( very interesting ) 4 . 1 story . large with basement and lower secret passages . : laughing : 5 . no fence 6 . random objects ... i still can't figure it out ... : frustrating : wow , this show is pretty good ! i think i'll stick to cowboy bebop though : cool : level 6 ... edit : ok i've been staring at the source code for like 30 minutes what am i supposed to do ? ? ? ! ! i am at an impasse my friends . i am 18 years old . i've had a problem with ... everything , ever since i started high school . i don't know if i should conform to society's rules and get a ... i especially don't like using analogies when talking to many people or to people i don't know . but when i'm with friends or my [ cool ] family members , it is a great way to get a point across . absolutely . many times i will feel ideas clicking in my head , but there's no way it could be explained or even put into words . you just know ;) i have sad but it's only in the summer , i love fall and winter . :) this body holding me reminds me of my own mortality . absofuckinglutely infuckingcredible tool - maynard james keenan quirks : - tapping with fingers or feet . if i'm bored i'll tap out a tune . :) - i will touch or feel something unconsciously and when someone asks about it i won't even remember doing it . - smoking ... i'm always thinking about what life really is , the afterlife ( possibly ) and i always have lyrics from tool stuck in my head . my mom is an esfj and i can't stand her sometimes . she's always calling me and asking how i am . i hate it when people ask how i am , if you have to ask , you've lost the right to know . i love to provoke people who i know personally but to complete strangers ? probably not . i like to say things to my religious family members to get them angry or offended , and i just say that they ... i think that the intp's would be the ones to actually understand and connect with the alien race if they came to our planet ... then we would eradicate all other humans on the planet and coexist with ... small minded people only talk about other people . we like to talk about reality , theology and society . i don't talk to half of my family anymore because they only talk about stupid shit . ( oh did ... i also try to connect the things i know and what i'm trying to learn . i hate having to learn things in a classroom environment . high school was a nightmare for me . i would much rather learn ... when i'm in deep thought i'll sometimes twirl or touch something close to me without even really realizing i'm doing it . i also have the 1,000 mile stare and if i'm with friends they're all asking ... my hobbies are : - drawing - thinking - reading - procrastinating - rpg's and online flash games . :) i was trying to figure out a mammal for intp , but i couldn't figure it out . the sloth is perfect , thank you . reptile-cobra / snake that's one of the only fears i have is of flying insects . bleh ! also dark forested areas and open water . i love tool , it's my favorite band . i've heard that maynard is an intp . ya , i've gotten quite interested in these things recently . it's also a lyric from tool's third eye i hate when people will ask me about movies and such . like omg what's this about or what's going to happen to so and so i also get angry if people ask me dumb ass questions like if i come back ... i agree . i smoke maybe 4 days a week and i don't feel that it changes me in any significant way . i become more introverted and creative and am able to see into situations clearly while i'm high . if ... i usually will go for a long walk and hang out on a bridge or a hill or something and think for a while . or i will draw . on another planet . fibonacci sequence <3 i've been reading a lot of sci-fi and dean koontz recently purple . ( i don't wear any color besides black and dark blue / brown / green ) my favorite number is 57 . it just came to me one day , haha my last status was prying open my third eye . - piles of leaves in the street during autumn always makes me fell melancholic for some reason , i love it . - seeing the whole town covored in a white blanket during the winter . seasonal affective ... my parents sent me to a psychologist when i was 14 and i couldn't fucking take all the stupid b . s . the guy had me do , like drawing pictures of situation like school , family etc ... so i stopped going ... 1 . live completely off the grid . 2 . travel to another earth-like planet and live there . 3 . discover the secret of the universe . 4 . meet an intelligent alien race . 5 . survive armageddon and live ... i agree , outside of school i had a great time , but i couldn't deal with all the stupid b . s . for 7 hours every day . terrible i graduated this year and recently i've been having dreams that i have to go back for some reason , i wake up and i'm sooo relieved that it wasn't real . my senior year i would ditch classes 2-3 days ... i can be articulate if i am absolutely forced to speak in public . i usually shake though . ( like badly ) i can speak loudly and i will only get tongue-tied if i get off track . '