' are you comparing me to papa lazarou ? and femininity . and ... i used to think i wasn't keen on these things : ^ _ ^ > . > o . o but i actually quite like them when they're accompanied by a genuinely friendly and playful personality . i ... you have butter in your hair and you like to dance with cows ? me too ! : shocked : we should totally date . : laughing : danke , sweetie . wenn ihre liebe sie verlässt , wissen sie wem , um dich zu wenden an . i can ' t glauben , dass dieses wirklich zu ihnen , weil i don ' zusammenhängend ist ; t sprechen ein wort vom ... sie haben wundervolles rotes haar , mein liebes . sind sie , durch irgendeine wahrscheinlichkeit und lauern auf diesem gewinde , weil sie interessiert sind , an , süße liebe zu bilden zu meinem schönen ... hobos are magic , so be careful . : mellow : actually , i think i'm busy that day . it's a date ! does that mean you prefer to be with females , or that you'd prefer to be female ? i can definitely see why it would look that way . but i , for one , frequently change my mind about things , often because i am persuaded by those who disagree with me . this rarely happens during the ... good . i don't want to read your posts anymore . i just don't buy into this idea that you have to be a bastard if you want to attract a mate . i only need one girl , so i'd rather keep hunting until i ... i don't see how finding men attractive for their utility is any less shallow than finding them physically attractive . what feminine features and qualities are you trying to tell me that i have ? those aren't female qualities . empathy has nothing to do with being female . stop being informed by old-fashioned ... bee hive ? : confused : sounds great . : cool : aha ! you don't . :p roud : whereabouts in the uk are you ? i hate to be a nuisance , but none of you are dating me yet . could you sort something out ? : mellow : the best way for an enfp to take over the world is for them to team up with an intj . :p roud : thanks , hank . : cool : thanks . i have a good friend who i strongly suspect is of your type . he's very caring , sincere and interesting . are you all like that ? it's in the test section of the forum . know what i mean ? well , maybe you're the best i can do . would you be willing to shave your legs and put on a dress ? apparently i'm suave , which means you should definitely date me ... the suave lover 50 % partner focus , 52 % aggressiveness , 35 % adventurousness ... * humps your nostril hairs * :p roud :: crazy :: shocked : jolly good show ! : tongue : yep , we've all got fucked-up histories . i take no personal responsibility for colonialism , though . :p roud : yes , well i'm a consequentialist , so i think that if a break is what it takes then that's what you should do . i'm not an really activist myself . i just discuss things . i don't really do ... i think i might like to live there , but i worry that there's something a bit selfish about going off to live in a commune when you could be trying to spread socialist practices nationwide . oh yeah , of course . i've been single for nearly 23 years , and it's getting a bit silly . so i am now scouring the internet for a girl . this thread is only newest part of my search . i haven't ... i'm not sure i can elaborate off the top of my head . it normally starts with a debate about something quite specific , which goes on and on and on , until it becomes clear to my friend that my opinion ... well , keep talking to me and you'll soon realise that there definitely isn't an ' f ' in my type . : wink : how old is ungs ? anyway , aren't elves immortal ? well , i harbour hopes for some kind of socialist utopia . cynical people get pissed off by that . sort of . i never actually finished reading lotr . : blushed : cool , where will you study ? no , they're always throwing wet blankets over my ideas . to be honest , i have no idea . i know very little about finland . theoretical . my thesis will be about the objectivity of aesthetic values . yes , ma'am . :p roud : they aren't remotely cynical , and they seem to have the ability to see right through ... i'm into a rut and my mind is occupied by getting out of it . enfps and intjs aren't opposite . no . enfps and intjs supposedly go well together . that's why i'm here , and i went to the enfj place because some other test told me to . i have no reason to think that the infjs would suit me , so i ... that's not real , is it ? ! : mellow : i am in need of a romantic attachment . i am a 22 - year-old heterosexual manboy who lives in england . i'm doing a phd in philosophy . date me please . : wink : or if you live far , far away ( which you ... not a single enfj has commented on this thread . i think i'd better hassle the enfps instead . i probably prefer them , in practice . what ? : confused : you're an intp ... how come that message wasn't a thousand times longer ? ? : tongue : balancing morality and love - - who would want to do that ? ! maybe this is very bad , but i think i'd be capable of doing terrible things in the name of love . that's creepy ! why do you have a photograph of me ? ! well i think there's hope for me . i've observed that happening between friends of mine , and i find myself relating to the rationalist but siding with the person whose feelings are not being taken ... well you haven't stopped talking to me , so hopefully i'm managing to cross that bridge so far . oh , i'm socially inept , there's no denying it . that's why i'm in an internet forum instead of a ... okay , shexy . : blushed : ( nope ... i can't flirt . ) oh , you're both here ! freaky . i can't remember how i found this site ... i think i must have googled enfj . i think jumping in at the deep end could work for me . i can cope with conflict , so ... where were you expecting to see similarities ? : wink : i took some test that told me that my ideal woman is an enfj , so i have come here to see if i can find one . thought i might as well make my intentions explicit and see what happens . ... one tries to live off teaching wages and research grants . the ultimate aim is to get a permanent teaching post at a university , and write books and articles on the side . something like that . i'd ... infjs ... what are they like ? i actually tend to find introverts incredibly attractive , but i'm pretty shy so i could do with someone to scoop me out of my shell . '