' i once told a someone close to me that i was poisonous to other's relationships . when i found a woman i wanted , i stepped into her life , convinced her that she wanted her freedom , took what i wanted ... this is a topic i have struggled with for years . i can often connect with a book or movie on an emotional level . i feel for the characters and their situations , and can connect strongly to whatever ... you're a saint and i'm an actor . i love you , that much is true .. but just like everyone else i've ever loved , you know nothing about who i actually am . here's a couple for you . home this quiet place , where trees sway where tranquil waters pass lazily by and soft shadows fall like distant memories 3 nights spent dreaming about someone i've never met , waking up to miss someone i've never held .. and this is all starting to get under my skin . it's funny , these last few weeks i've been asking myself the opposite question : could i keep someone close to me for their happiness ( and how might that effect mine ? ) uh oh .. confessions .. i keep contacts , not friends . i keep lovers , not love . i've got myself so damn figured out that i don't have a clue who i really am . i caved today .. two and a half weeks into a cold turkey quit , past the point where the doctors say an addiction is broken .. i stopped in a local gas station , bought a pack of my favorite brand ... i can't really speak for moving slow , i've always been the type to take the lead in relationships when it comes to the physical aspects . however , as john mentioned earlier .. it ... i've never bothered with iq tests ( especially the online variety ) because i find they make a poor representation of a person's actual intelligence . but that being said , the one standardized form ... yes and no . i am at heart a true romantic .. i idealize love to a point that is almost unrealistic . i firmly believe that two people can fall madly for eachother for a lifetime , despite ... always searching for that horizon ... you're enamoured with me because i can play the part of any man you want me to be . you love me because i am your white knight , always standing ready to save you from yourself . you take ... i am a sucker for concept films ( for instance , lar's von trier's dogville is one of my favorites ) . andrew largeman : you'll see one day when you move out it just sort of happens one day and it's gone . you feel like you can never get it back . it's like you feel homesick for a place that doesn't even ... american beauty , the virgin suicides , and donnie darko ... absolutely brilliant . haven't seen revolutionary road . sounds like it's worth checking out ? my body is holding a contest tonight ... seeing if stress or cigarettes can do more damage before morning . problem is .. no matter who wins , i still lose . knew it ... i'm destined to be with a fellow infp .. now the question is , where are we all hiding ? infp - the healer you scored 50 i versus e , 40 n versus s , 20 f versus t , and 20 j versus ... i don't know how i feel right now , but this song somehow does . i tend to disagree with you there , i'm not much of a people person , so i can't speak for retail / sales . however , i have worked as a chef and a carpenter over the last seven years . if i didn't need to ... the greatest barrier standing between human society and utopia is the conception of self over community . we are taught from a young age that pursuing stability and monetary success for ourselves is ... ... i smell a troll ... my guess is that you're bored and decided that becoming a keyboard warrior was the best way to fill your downtime . however , if you're actually serious , i would like you ... i was born leo sun , with scorpio moon and scorpio rising ... mix that with infp and you've got quite the interesting spectacle . my pleasure :) i got a parent teacher conference for that one back in grade school . the teacher that was supposed to be expanding my mind called my family in after school because he asks too many questions . hmm .. my mind wanders ... my usual reply to someones puzzled expression oh , and what the hell am i looking for .. ? or ... couldn't have put it better myself . lately i've been saddened to see a lot of negativity and hopelessness in this forum lately . it's a shame to see so many beautiful spirits feeling so pulled down by their environments .. i ... i know that it can hurt to watch the ones you love fall away , but we have to remember that in this world the only true law is change . love often comes and goes like the seasons , we bask in the summer ... i also have to point out that the ( stream of conscious ) venting thread isn't all negative , it is actually one of my favorite threads in this forum because it gives me a little bit of insight to the ... i feel your pain :) my every day things are simple . keys , wallet , phone , cigarettes .. and even when i know they are all accounted for , i still can't help but feel i forgot something . scatterbrained = yes .. i've made an art out of hiding things from myself , most often in plain site .. i will watch an entire movie ( even those i really like ) and have no recollection of ... hmm ... top 5 ' s as of right now .. film dogville ( not to be confused with dogtown ) breaking the waves fight club what dreams may come the science of sleep music i think that a lot of this comes from our generally serene demeanors , there's something .. safe about emotionally sound ( ish ) infps . i've found that people tend to be extremely comfortable around me , ... i've always wanted to write a screenplay . i feel like i have several great storyboards , but when it comes to actually writing it , my perfectionist nature tends to get in the way . either way , ... isolation had become some kind of strength . i realized a few moments ago that it has been almost a month since i've involved myself in any kind of social activity . when i'm away from home it's ... i am always , always recreating situations and conversations in my head . past , present , or future doesn't seem to matter . my life is a giant what if ? life is a storm , my young friend . you will bask in the sunlight one moment , be shattered on the rocks the next . what makes you a man is what you do when that storm comes . you must look into that ... that depends mostly on whether you mean people i'm attracted to right from the start , or my standards when it comes to a relationship . as far as just meeting someone , i am typically put off by ... * major props to kyra on the scientist , one of my favorite tunes . well , anything written by andrew mcmahon tends to strike a chord with me , but this one's been in my head all day .  ... hmm ... nostalgia home this quiet place , where trees sway where tranquil waters pass lazily by and soft shadows fall like distant memories every tree , every stone tells a story of ... i would have to consider myself a highly spiritual atheist . many ( particularly those devoted to widespread religious dogmas ) tend to misconstrue the true meaning of atheism . belief is an active ... they press their lips against you and you love the lies they say and i tried so hard to reach you but you're falling anyway and you know i see right through you ' cause the world gets in ... hmm .. - someone who can speak to me without words - someone to spend those sleepless nights with , stargazing and drinking cheap wine - someone unafraid of her sexuality - someone who ... when you spend so much time thinking of all the charming , classy things you could say to the cute girl across the room that you don't even notice she left ten minutes ago . my pleasure . a little piece i did sitting in a crowded cafe early one morning . goodbye beauty , destruction a glimpse of something between life and death wherein lies traces of change unyielding , ... it's almost 4am , i'm sitting on the balcony with the nights last cigarette , feeling the rain streaming down my sunburnt arms ..  .. and i really wish i knew what was bothering me .. why else would the nf forums have at least twice as many threads as any pc forum ? so writers , artists , visionaries , i challenge you to post a piece of your writing . lyrics , poetry , random ... a little of both i suppose . i actually enjoy having the option to go out to a local bar or club should i ever feel up to it , but without a forest or meadow to wander through in the middle of a ... '