' oh for sure , there is no doubt that an infj can be equally manipulative ! i didn't mean to say that we were the angels . and when i say manipulative , i don't necessarily mean it in a bad way . after ... i'd be cremated and tossed into the sea . hopefully no whales turn their heads in disgust . enfj , you break my heart . i want to break your neck . instead , i'll just stay in my corner and write about how angry i am . i cannot - for the life of me - think well ( or even effectively ) on my feet , so in terms of hotfire debates where two sides are spitting out perspectives , heck no i hate them ! i am a sit and stew ... it might just be me and the infj friendships i have . as infjs , i think that we can understand how a fellow infj can come to this or that conclusion , or feel this or that way . we get each other . but i ... my best and worst experience . i think for two people ( infj / enfj ) who really want to strip down to the bareness of their souls , the potential is overwhelming . but of all people for infjs to open their ... i have not been in a romantic relationship , but i have a close friend who is intp and he's a close friend because he's an intp ( his intp-ness makes him worthy :P ) . i find his somewhat lack of ... i wish i had an infj friend who i wasn't afraid of opening up to . i know an enfj very , very well . they are the best and worst for infjs , imo . we are not just talking about incompatibility , you will always have that . enfjs can break your heart and mend it at the ... maybe his girlfriend asked him to get it ? an intp told me that he feels 100 % open with me . whoa . - - - i started perc when i first started my graduate program . along the way i got sick with an underactive thyroid and experienced a shit ... i came on to this forum because i knew someone else would understand ! hugs all around . i've been there with the whole having a romantic relationship where the other person couldn't dig deeper . i ... from personal experience , it's hard . the door slam is like your stance on a person - they were deserving enough of it ( possibly ) , so still remaining in contact with them would feel like betraying ... today , i was presented with this question : how do your primary relationships feel to you ? ( i . e . , loving , supportive , tense , charged , etc . ) how would you answer ? to be honest , it hit ... my relationship with my enfj only solidifies my belief in a loving , merciful god . life is really one big mind fuck isn't it ? you are sweet . i feel like i've shuttered myself from people so much and so often that i've started doing it to myself as well . i don't even know if i am dealing with my own heartbreak or if i actually feel fine . i laugh when people think they know me . i was engaged . now i am not engaged . we got along well , and i felt accepted . now it just feels like i'm sucked back into a void . i actually haven't been engaged for almost four months , but it's only really hitting me now . i'm going to be alone forever . to have it all - would be nice , right ? very true . when presented the option of being understood or being accepted , i'd rather be accepted . it's too lonely otherwise . i'm happy that you haven't found anyone else like me . the holiday blues got me . it only took me a week to realize it ( a week of being sick , no exercise , not being able to sleep and sleeping in - it was too cold ) . a quick mention to others and they ... i can be better than this . life , essentially . i moved once to get out of my old situation , not out of necessity but to kick myself in the rear . loved it . things were clean . moved again because of life , out of necessity , ... i have moved 3 times in the last 8 months . please life , slow down , let me recharge . i'm writing this before reading all the responses ( for some reason i feel like i have to state this ) . i've been told by an enfj that i want to be mysterious and be figured out . i always took ... from time to time i think about what it means to be an infj and sometimes i go through websites and such that describe what it's like to be an infj . i came across this video about infjs that ... i'm feeling so pathetic . sometimes at random locations i have hours long talks with strangers . i walk away thinking nothing of it , except perhaps how sorry i am to take up so much of someone's time . what i'm most ... i'm not much of a luxury goods person . i like my technology ( e . g . , ipads , iphones , macbooks ) though . clothing + accessories wise , probably my chanel sunnies . i have a wide face and they actually fit , ... i'm faced with the difficulty of knowing whats right and whats wrong , and acting on my impulses . this is one of the most frustrating things about being an infj , in my experience . for once i want to ... why , thesis ? why do you torment me so ? i have a habit of opening doors for the older folks that come in through starbucks . there's an old man who's very sweet that i will get up and hold the door while he pushes his walker out . he comes ... honeymoon avenue . i can't get it out of my head ! i pretty much bowl over on cheap puns . yeah , doesn't take much for me . dear intp , i sort of miss you and talking to you . i felt grounded when speaking with you - i felt heard , i felt an attempt at understanding , and i felt like for once i wasn't speaking into empty ... sometimes i think i need grief counseling , but there's nothing they could say to me that i haven't already said to myself . i look at pictures with my hair long and want to cry . it's so weird how i was attached to it . i don't feel like me ! and instead i wear a pony all the time now because i hate the way it looks ... i wish this existed in real life . i need this for persuasion purposes in order to get my way . enfj , for once i wish you would just stop whining about the circumstances of our relationship and just be there for me like you claim you are . i don't know how to freaking reach out to you , ... i cut a foot or so off the length of my hair . i am so sad . feeling like such a failure today . i feel like my life has been suspended since march 2013 . in the next week i'll be teaching again . ugh , god save me all i can say is all the damn time . i don't have any advice , it just seems to hurt like an open wound always . today is a day where i feel very afraid . one of my new years resolutions is to stop being so afraid ... but i can't . sometimes i wish you would float away and reintroduce your soul in some other way because i really want to love you but can't allow you as you are now to hurt me again . '