' with regard , does that mean : - you tend to control , especially through manipulation - resort to forceful domination - are ... ( not sure about the inverse of this one ) also use smilies , because : you suck :( vs . you suck :) vs . 1 ) i . t . in a global pharmaceutical company ( among top 3 ) 2 ) no , working for someone is trivial . 3 ) working on launching my own investment firm . 4 ) post-secondary student , database cleric , ... / rant in my last 2 years of highschool , i worked my ass off to get good grades . 2 outstanding classes were biology and chemistry , so presumptuously , i went into chemistry in university . well 2 ... i hate working for a company . would rather work with a company , or ideally run my own business ( in the works ) . didn't know you were a girl ... i kid , i kid i enjoy giving presentations : crazy : i've said this many times : our purpose is to build an empire so that we can reproduce and increase the survivability and success of our offspring . the little things are just steps to that ... ... daaammmnnn it's big : laughing : yep . just recently as well . i'm not sure if my buddy was even aware of his ' not-so-serious ' girls attention-swing , but i certainly was : laughing : in fact , she was trying to sit closer to me , ... when i was in university , i had the option of waking up every day at 11-12 am . then the corporate life changed that to a required 6:30 am wakeup . ultimately , early wakeups are associated with ... yes please ! : laughing : i always think the sky is the limit . anything , realistically speaking , is achievable . ambitious ! i create multiple to-do lists on a regular basis , with rough dead-lines . i use sticky notes in windows 7 as my to-do organizer , five lists currently : 1 ) knowledge to attain over the long-term ... only child . : laughing : move on ! plenty of very beautiful , long finned , shiny , colourful , lustrous , horny fish in the ocean of despair :) cool :) i must say this is quite true with most of my friendships . while my relationships are strong during a friendship , i quickly move on , and only stay in touch briefly . i've been told i am intimidating : wink : cold and calculated is an understatement of our personality on a bad day : crazy : purging stuff from my ex ? definitely ! not to a huge extent though . removing them your facebook , deleting the phone number , i've done a couple times before . i tend to get over it quickly since ... that thing you've always wanted to do is only a factor of time i'm am a perpetual student with or without competition . competition simply sparks my need to annihilate through superior knowledge and competency : laughing : apparently even google doesn't know ... i have personally been in the dance scene for the past 4 years ! my personal favourites are top 40 clubs , and salsa clubs . being in the salsa scene for ... 1 ) enjoyed sports 2 ) highschool volleyball team ( briefly ) 3 ) lots of computer games ( i mean lots ) - strategy , rpg , action , pretty much anything and everything 4 ) lots of emulators ( never ... renaissance technologies hedge fund renaissance technologies - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i've read enough material on body language to have successfully developed my s function , in which case , through self-analysis i could be an estj on a given occasion . someone even called me out ... i lived with 3 roommates before , entp / enfp , istj , isfj ( not sure about the last one ) . the first 2 performed mbti tests , the last did not . a little backdrop because the entp and i were ... if while working diligently on something , there is no social interactions around , or people for that matter , i fall asleep or become brain-dead . if sitting amongst many others , i can work away ... books and cash . i've been absorbing a shit-ton of information for the last year or so in order to achieve what i have in mind . so information from books is essential . none of that harry ... experiencer / innovator your primary valsx 99 type is experiencer , and your secondary type is innovator . is there any more detail available on these ? dreams : difficult time remembering my dreams , but some of them are certainly interesting getting baked : i get very creative , and very interesting ideas are realized . for example , and / or ? when you last flew high to the sky , what did you think about ? i get extremely sentimental when the concept of time is involved . gauging the progress of future events , and the fact that time is quickly a limiting factor once it has already passed by can ... i envy you for discovering your mbti at such a young age . the next step would be to read up as much as possible about yourself . your strengths , your weaknesses , others like yourself ( donald trump , ... when i get high and something interesting is up for discussion , i can be very intense . found this : an intense video of twins : entj and infj youtube - infj and entj on being twins i've been friends with a lot of females whom clearly displayed interest ( relationship or sexual ) . if i'm not interested , don't expect anything , unless it's for sex . even after a sexual ... some of my favorite books : the definitive book of body language - develop your sense in order to properly analyse people ( and the opposite sex ) blink by malcome gladwell - understand ... you will make an excellent boss one day when i was 21 , and working at a co-op placement , i received this compliment from a permanent senior employee whom had worked there for 22 years ! this ... isn't it amazing being an entj ? we can quickly become competent at everything ! exceptional at everything , yet a master at nothing particular . : laughing : awesome costume ! animal ? most definitely ! i'm also quite charming and delicate with my dates / girlfriends . a real gentleman you could say :) but given the right moment , we will show you the bad-boy lustful side ;) you might be an entj if you get sentimental over how short life really is - and how it passes right in front of your eyes . fantastic ! i love it ! i agree with everything minus the car selection . i am a bmw-lover myself , but otherwise , spot on : laughing : are you sure you mbti'ed yourself correctly ? there sure are a lot of feel in your statement : crazy : lately , despite cramming , i've been able to successfully achieve high marks ( a - to a + ) but most of the studying consists of the completion of previous assignments as well . wild songs ! party songs ! wake up and live your life - type of songs ! beta males are actually quite attracted to the entj-female - and there are a lot of beta males out there . it's the inverse of beta-girls enjoying the company of a dominant male . i've witnessed ... jim carrey , and harrison ford are both entj . very much relative . i wouldn't mind acting , although not being sarcastic during the whole play would definitely be difficult :) confident ? hell yea ! gregarious ? given the right moment , event , or people , most definitely ! sociable ? easy to talk to ? yep ! and sometimes . seek out interaction for the sake of interaction ? nope ... the red queen : sex and the evolution of human nature by matt ridley ( 1993 ) '