' thank you very much for your feedback . i will try not to over think or worry too much on my character development and construction . i just want things to be just right , so i get perfectionistic . may ... oh ! i should be more clear . when i imagined her , i saw her as this commanding and logical person . introverted too . when i imagined it , entj was the first thing to pop in my head . i was trying to give ... i am writing this post to thank you all for answering my questions and indulging in my creativity . i would further like you all to aid me . i am writing 5 book series . does anyone have any advice on ... guess guys and girls differ on this huh ? ai.tran . 75 cake okay that answers 2/3 questions i asked ... plus i was looking for details ! as in the subjective feelings and thoughts you feel when in love ! :/ plus i still dont know how much it takes for you to ... three questions that overlap : what is like to fall in love for you ? ( hard , easy , takes time , picky , etc .. ) what are you like when you are in love ? how do you feel when you are in love ? three questions that overlap : what is like to fall in love for you ? ( hard , easy , takes time , picky , etc .. ) what are you like when you are in love ? how do you feel when you are in love ? three questions that overlap : what is like to fall in love for you ? ( hard , easy , takes time , picky , etc .. ) what are you like when you are in love ? how do you feel when you are in love ? three questions that overlap : what is like to fall in love for you ? ( hard , easy , takes time , picky , etc .. ) what are you like when you are in love ? how do you feel when you are in love ? hello all ! i need some dire help here . i am trying to find a big book or a book on the governments of the ancient and medieval world . i am doing research for a novel and i wanted to construct a ... hello all ! i need some dire help here . i am trying to find a big book or a book on the governments of the ancient and medieval world . i am doing research for a novel and i wanted to construct a ... hello all ! i need some dire help here . i am trying to find a big book or a book on the governments of the ancient and medieval world . i am doing research for a novel and i wanted to construct a ... hello all ! i need some dire help here . i am trying to find a big book or a book on the governments of the ancient and medieval world . i am doing research for a novel and i wanted to construct a ... woah man ... where is all that then ? ? o . o im lost at the last sentence . * shrugs * whatever then . from what i read they seem really strong and stubborn . very interesting creatures . to the people i like ... yeah um ... you just set yourself up there ... see people say that cuz u aint soft to people you meet , just the ones you like . what chliches ? o . o all i said is ... lol its still not as organized as mbti . which was the point . anyways , thanks for the info . im gone . thats interesting . hmmm ... i just looked up that comic strip and omg clams are cool . they are like jellyfish yet they are alive and can move . it blows my mind how they have no eyes , mouth , brain , heart or anything and live in ... quantity does not mean it is not more organized . and what does the amount have to do with what i said of mbti being more organized than enneagram ? o . o ... i thought intjs were super smart ... xp im so sad ! i finished watching tales fromt he badlands . i loved it so much and im sad its done . i want more ! it was so funny and fun to watch . i ... ill give you that . but mbti seems to be more organized than enneagram . but you guys are that clam ! : 3 i don't do the enneagram crap . its strong opinion . i found out my information by just reading about him and his life . how he complained about his wife to his friends and that she was a bossy ... lmao ... she who has the clam picture ... we talking about walter disney ? ? ? the man who was afraid of mice and made a famous mouse character ? the man who utmost refused to keep mickey mouse out of the creative domain ? ? he would be turning in ... thanks ! let it be known that you are the only one who is still talking about this to me . the convo ended a while ago . so you feel he isnt doing enough and the call for equality will go off the rails like other movements have then ? case in point of what ? when have i not allowed you to not explain your position ? ... what wth some are you talking about ? ? ? o . o oh so , you are just tired of hearing about him or this ? the feminist movement thing or something ? or that nothing is getting done ? i forget what it ... this is everywhere ... lol whats sjw ? o . o ... how am i going too far into it when you just said there are some things in feminists you dont approve or like ? its the extremism is it not ? thats why i said there are types . various . you or rather ... o . o alot of questions ... what does shit pertain to here ? why are feminists narrowminded ? is it the word you dislike or what that word has come to stand for ? because they are types of feminists ... woah , man . whats with that ? o . o why the beef ? o . o why worried ? and not sure ? i like the last one . look up kiznaiver if you could have any super power or be a superhero ( herione ) who would it be ? what would they be ? * limit is 3 can i have one of you ? a male preferably ? i am very affectionate : 3 <3 also , tell me about yourself :) btw yall know justin trudeau is an enfj right ? ? vampire ! ! ! kay , you lost me . what ? o . o so you want me to say thanks but no thanks or do what she says or what ? cuz i have done what she says without like actually listening and she gets ... i ended this conversation like posts ago ... but thank you for the offer . i will let you know if there is anything . oh finally , you got to the point . mk there is no prediction and i refuse to repeat history with my words and effort . its quite obvious she will not listen when she keeps telling me i need to change my hair and how i wear my scarf . so , ... hahahah cute <3 ! i dont want attention either mmm id prefer something in a darker shade : 3 well you need to find a balance . he needs to understand your need to discuss , and you need to understand that we cannot always handle it . plus yall get intense and its like woah man ... all i did ... then why are you on here with your results ? whats the point ? its not reliable or valid , so why waste your time ? why be here ? you act like she listens ... lol aww these are sweet . just dont get mischevious with them in the wrong way ... '