' unpleasant and unhappy because of that feeling ? feeling you're losing your ego ? intps when fall in love have that sort of all or nothing feeling . i think if they love the other person they don't ... lunai i don't know how it is for girls , but i feel it's not going to change anytime soon here either . btw , it also makes me slightly uncomfortable to express care , the giving part at least ... i ... ayokos thank you . seeker i'm sorry but i don't have the energy to read all that . i'm too tired of this merry-go-round . think whatever you will , whatever makes you happy . i'm excusing myself ... you don't . she just means that you should get used to your low fe and work with it . you say your friends aren't like that , they probably have higher fe values , meaning they don't feel the same way ... i thought the overall interaction was quite funny . mainly his initial comment and ayokos posts . then graficcha blows steam and seeker calls for direction ... not his post personally , sure , but it ... lol , the more the merrier , but if you look closer it's only seeker that's defending a friend from nothing . i'm not making a fuss about it , she is . i was just amused because seeker lost her ... with that company you will never be alone ! lol ;) well , you don't need to be a football player to play football . :P besides , i never accused him of being anything , just to explain his reasoning's before coming with apparent far fetched theories to ... my take is that she likes you , but doesn't know how . she's trying not to think about it as a romantic relationship . i won't dare to say that she sees you only as a friend , specially if she's intp ... that type of ignore happens to male and female alike , i think he was pointing at ignoring deliberately . this kind of makes me intrigued . what do you intp girls say regarding that ? let's say ... yes , atm it's becoming too emotional and too uptight . you're defining a gossiper , not gossip . i don't understand why you keep talking about it . i understood lastman , he understood me , and you're bringing it , staying in the middle trying not sure ... who's that ? someone important ? a intj , luemb , comes into intp forum , specifically q about dating and tells a non-intp that they should ignore a intp , a healthy behaviour ... don't ... * double post * what would you call it ? i'm sorry if you don't understand where i was getting at . he did . by dictionary , gossip : casual or unconstrained conversation or reports about other people , typically ... : confused : ... * reads again * : laughing : ... i'm sorry , only an intj could call that behaviour healthy . yes , i don't dismiss any possibility , but saying things like that out of the blue comes by as gossip . which i disdain . i do care for people , maybe more than i should , i have my share of good deeds ... : frustrating : i don ' know almost anything about your relationship , only some bits you put , so can't help with that type of decisions , just like with irl friends . if you want to break , intps can ... wow , what sort of reasoning led to this ? you're being paranoid , you make it sound like he's a psycho with no logical reason . i guess it's not satisfying because it cannot be debated , but it's something . it's based on a feeling like i thought , thus does not hold ground on a debate ;P lol it's not woo woo i assure you , ... it's kind of hard telling a story because i can only come up with intjs . but ... what does it matter the ti ? intp and istp are both primary ti , they are the same there , instead you should care for ... istps can commit themselves , just like we do . but their commitment lasts as long as their lifestyle is safe . i suppose intps are a bit like that with the suffocation issue , but intps are more ... why are you being judgmental to istps ? a : both are , primary ti . a : i know non-nts that do this . a : istps do see the big picture , in some ways more than we do ... we see the big picture ... i was referring to both quotes from you just above in my reply , you probably skipped those . hmmm ... i'm not thrilled by commitment-oriented speech ( like strelok ) . i'm leaning more to s with each ... i understand that . yet , if you can or want to look into it ... i'm sorry but i don't see much future commitment here , more here and now . i'm not . i'm just trying to help out in here ... some istp quotes i've found useful : ... dare i say , touché ? ! it explains the controlling feeling you have described . intps can lead , or control , but they avoid to . it seems the best way to ... if we consider the described episodes as outbursts the behaviour can be explained , that's why i have been pointing recurring events , and by what seeker says after he doesn't fit js . although , streker ... lol yes , she might not gave much thought of its implications , but she remembers it . don't take it personally if she doesn't banter about your thoughts , she's probably busy , or has more intriguing ... we don't know what he was talking about , we can assume something important or mildly important to him . although , regardless , the fact that it was something out on control by both ( the cat ) that ... joe_the_buckeye thank you , that wasn't as you came across at all . yes , although i wouldn't call them healthy individuals it's implying that if a relation doesn't work between hard ... although you are doing exactly that . i'm calm , talking about fair arguments , possible resolutions and insights , without the whole picture ( but we have what we have ) . you on the other hand are acting ... from your comments it does seem he has some issues , specially considering age ( around double of mine ) . but i'm only listening to one version here . often people think that are following the discussion ... i know you've been stressed out from other posts , family and whatnot , but saying things like those to your boyfriend ... good luck with that . either way , you're regarding it as an intp + intp , which ... if it wasn't on a professional context you'd feel stressed ? why ? it's not like the discussion is with you . so you have to be on control to feel safe ? i don't know about other types , but to ... i see . what have you felt from it ? not professionally , but your feeling at the time while it unfolded ? ^ this ! by all means tell her that you loved to ear her thoughts . this is how intps connect , she stopped sharing those because she probably felt you weren't contributing to them , that she was boring ... is that a yes ? have you witnessed it or are you speaking as a psychological point of view ? so you are saying istjs have the same needs as the intp ? lol . sorry , i found it amusing , care to develop that ? so basically you said : a perfect pair ( amongst themselves ) can be perfectly ... exactly ! we can decompose their arguments and amuse ourselves seeing them putting them back together justifying each of them while striving to win . and we can also get extra variables to confuse them ... lol , well , not humouring them , more like humouring myself ;P ( but , ya its not as funny as decomposing intjs ) . but it was cool because unknowingly they quoted me and actually gave me reason . ok . lol i know right ? at least i tried :P hey now , you know intps can be outwardly emotional ! it literally outbursts . consider yourself warned ;P some countries pay by month ... its a scheme to rob employees . fanatics ... this should gather most of what pisses me off , just apply it to anything :/ ( to religion , not accepting other ... unavailable ... by fact ? i've walled myself on the past ( several years back ) , we tend to do that to cope with problems . now , looking back walling yourself is worse . try to have a more relaxed mood ... omg i so do this ! ! ! ( not on those words but in that sense ) i see it like an argument decompose and exploiting their flaws . right back at you ! lolol giving a bit of insight for non-intps like seeker . maybe ( beside the topic * cof cof * ) its because we are open , honest , non-judgmental , like to argument and expect ( and receive ) the same ... i fall in love with the person and their mind . i understand where that theory comes from , but it works more on people with short relations , intps are slow starters so they usually don't hook-up with ... awww sometimes i really despair how people perceive intps as dense ( rightfully so i might add ) but at the same time be it as much . i like to think that i would ... how can you not see this means he ... i don't understand the background of the question . i'm an intp and when i need time i have it . most of the problems regarding that is because our mate starts having weird ideas that we might be ... what-is-love - ? we-are-robots-we-do-not-understand-human-feelings - ! lol , sorry had to :P seriously though , like you might have realized by now your question is ambiguous . how do you expect ... on a sidenote you all should be aware that although this topic is old , i was the only intp to explain why that sort of romantic relation might clash at some point ( from a intp point of view ) , even ... '