' eve and wall-e . my husband has eve as his text for me , i have wall-e for him . backwards but it's cute . ... i want that unicorn bike ! ! and anna from frozen is an esfp .  ... do you think you can tell a person's mbti by how they look without ever speaking to them ? someone sent me a private tell and is convinced i'm an esfj because of how pretty my eyes are . my first ... yeah , my hair is natural blonde so it takes colors really well . i saw a tut on how to give yourself temporary streaks of color with eyeshadows . might try it . my hair before the cut and dye . btw ... i don't really find you weird at all , you're actually pretty normal . you were the one that said you were weird creepy . i just pointing out there is nothing wrong with being weird . i like weird lol . my hair , i'm thinking about going purple next month or maybe turquoise ? i might just keep it pink . i like the pink . most intjs are awesome . except for humanbeing , he's weird . lol , i don't find you creepy at all . even my intp friend couldn't creep me out . i find a huge difference between being odd ( weird ) against societies norms and a dangerous individual . creepy would ... * takes in deep breath * , storytime . nope , i've tested 10 different times with various sites from grey testing to black and white true / false . i'm always given enfp . my first testing was in 1997 when ... i would share a box of oreo cookies with you . too bad you don't live near me . i'm constantly reminded of the age difference in the enfp section . when i read something i'm like that's got to be a teen or early twenty years old because that's something i would have said or done ... this is the only post on the second page i can agree with . i tend to also bond with only one person at a time for relationships . if i'm with someone the other menu items fall off and all i see is ... this is the only post on the first page i can agree with . first , i don't become enamored with every good looking guy that walks by me . in fact , if a person's first response to me , ohh wow what a ... she sounds just like my adorable sister . i love her to death but yeah that sounds a lot like her . she's an esfp . well , she doesn't act like me . i was a tomboy a bit too but a little weird . god if someone had me on a topic of space get ready for the rainbow of physics knowledge to shoot out of my hair . i would ... thank you for clarifying because as a 2 i did not understand lol . it was like he hinted at some stuff i do and then i would wrinkle my nose at other parts . sometimes i even stop to check my reality ... i think i laughed at this harder than i should have . got to love an entp perspective . i'm pretty satisfied with my life . maybe you're a young enfp . i also try not to lie to myself or others . i do agree we are constantly evolving meaning i put more value or oomph into my life stories ... i couldn't help but have a blonde moment when i saw this thread . instead of checking that i posted in it . i lazily glanced at the title and saw wow there was a thread exactly like this months back , ... i was more of the lines , shocked to it as a pinned topic in their section . i didn't know the enfps grabbed the istjs attention that much to be singled out for a pinned topic . interesting . * scribbles ... that's why i always first ask and not assume . my deduction of understanding a situation before a reaction is gained from me . though i normally always have an amused thought process as a repercussion ... i was about to point that out . between my best friend who is an entp and myself , i am greatly superior in a group setting than him . he can try to do group items but he tends to play devil's advocate , ... i'm assuming that's a trollish answer or are you actually serious about that philosophy ? i become extremely chatty , especially if it's with someone i know . i might just give a long two-minute compression hug in silence and then spew . i kind of do this every day to my husband . i can work ... yes , i can become extremely ambivert . it really depends if i know anything about the subject they're talking about . i also take a back seat to more aggressive extroverts . it sucks because then all my ... i don't find that selfish at all . i also inspire myself . i'm both a writer and an artist . i think songs and certain music will inspire me on a piece . i giggled at this . you sound exactly like my best friend who is also an entp . he can't stand the estp that is in both of our lives . i get along with the estp better but we're both kind of like aggg ... estp i have the hardest time getting along with but i'm still holding out to liking one eventually :D . i'm actually getting caught up on some animes . i haven't seen them in a while . my most recent and that i enjoyed is my hero academia . my husband was rewatching naruto and i just don't get why it was ... i thought this was pretty spot on . except i know a lot of extroverts that are workers . i know two , an estj and enfj that are extremely hands-on and get it done workers . i'm bubbly and talkative ... my husband is an intj and he's heavily introverted but not in the sense of being shy . he just doesn't like a lot of people and prefers the comfort of his home . it's really strange to hear his opinion ... that's interesting . i gave my husband lots of relationships advise when he was on dates with other females . again , we were best friends from the start . my concept was love can not be caged . i enjoyed ... fresh donutholes or apple fritters . i'm not sure what the original op was asking but i agree with your statement . it's a fun game for me to sit and watch strangers at a coffee shop that would frequent it often . what is their ... my husband is younger than me by six years . how older is she ? i just sometimes see age as a non-factor , as long as their brain has matured . normally being in graduate studies implies the person is at ... no , i was not familiar with eugene izotov . i , however , am familiar with mozart or joseph haydn . i would think this man would be wonderful playing mozart's oboe concerto . though i'm slightly ... i would agree . they've got this ability to pull you in . it's like they have this electromagnetic device pulling you towards their forcefield , just watch out for the forcefield . it stings if it's ... hum . i never thought about that . i did act differently with the two infps i've ever flirted with . though they flirt with everyone , i didn't take my brash experience with them seriously . both parties ... i agree but i couldn't come up with something less snarky than what you presented . well done . i made slight jokes to myself wondering about nerdom attribute points to place in the wisdom tab or ... also , welcome to the forums . i see that this is your first post and thread . hello there , i'm nihm . you're friendly enfp to dispel any wrong stereotypes about our personalities . i'm married to an intj . it's a categorically sensational relationship and i adore him . my caveat ... my intj husband loves me . this i'm a 100 % certain on . he also can read me very well . : blushed : as to other intjs loving me , i would be completely unaware of it . cosplayers in general anime , gaming , or comic . i guess he thought since i was a gym rat that i wouldn't be into games or cosplay . the estp married to my best friend has one nerdom he likes . star ... yeah , i had to stop and roll my eyes . how ironic that he posted about logic yet stated the least compelling argument . kind of funny in a way . though i would agree with him the three estps i've ... i was about to say the same thing . look for someone in a coffee shop sketching with a dreamy face daydreaming . i also love libraries and parks . if i did go out with friends movies and someone's ... this is really beautiful . i've let my closest friends read it but no one else except the literary agents requesting the full manuscript . at this point , i've had enough feedback from friends and family that i feel it's ... also , thank you for mentioning me in this academic thought process . it's been truly fun and i feel honored to be mentioned in the nt's section . ... is it weird that when we both get stressed out we turn into istj , our shadows ? i also can influence others . first , i adored the video . i think his thoughts about it being so simple yet textured could be ne but it would be a very one-sided ne . meaning the music sounded emotionally positive . ne is so much ... '