' it's like the mind of a woman is a disease or kind of like a retardation because they obviously can't comprehend and figure out why being loyal is a good thing ok , infp . who hurt you ? ... i'm an infj and my parents are istj and enfj . while i do like to perform , sing , and do art i am an introvert . i'm not shy , i'm comfortable around people , i love people ! i'm just introverted . at the ... i end a relationship or friendship with someone when i can no longer see them being a part of my future , toxic person , and i have tried everything to help retain the relationship but it never worked ... fi , when unhealthy , i find to be selfish and rude . i know a few unhealthy fi aux users and it drives me up the wall . but when an fi user is healthy and mature , i can deal ! i have an infp who's fi is ... i dated an infp for a while . just ask her how she feels . if she likes you , she's going to be shy to tell you . depends on what kind of thinking and feeling you have . an infj with fe will be more chatty than an infp with fi . but an intj with te will be more talkative than an intp with ti . just my guess , i ... try this video : you don't change types , you just probably have mistyped yourself . i wouldn't take the test results too seriously . i find doing research on the functions helps better . :) not all enfp's get bored in relationships just like how not all isfp's play guitar . it's just a stereotype and i wouldn't worry about it , if you like someone and he likes you then you should be ... she doesn't sound like an infj , for like an fi dom . but as for your issue , try to relate to what she's going through and step in her shoes for a second . she really doesn't want you to leave your ... i think the first answer is the best . it's the combo of si / te and te / si . in a world of sp's and np's , i guess the stj's may suck the fun out of things . but without estj's and istj's , we wouldn't ... i know an sj that's an amazing painter ! anyone can be anything , your type doesn't really limit you . some esfj's have a potent ne and it shows in their fashion . :D yeah , i've stopped explaining my ideas because people think they're dumb . then i do them instead and they're like hey ! that's a good idea . i probably don't explain things really well :P it seems you believe mbti is based on s vs n or f vs t etc . it's more than that . all the types are made up of functions . read this post : ... isfj's are si doms and infj's are ni doms . introverted sensing ( si ) introverted intuition ( ni ) there are many flaws with the tests . they don't test accurately or on cognitive functions so ... because they're peanut butter and jealous . physical pain : swear emotional pain : cry to myself , think about who i want to talk to , assess why i feel this way and go over everything that happened and then cry to my friends . i've met a few entp's and i can tell you i've never felt more relaxed and happy in a conversation . they're so nice and they can be assholes but it's in the funny way that makes you laugh . they say ... enfp i'm not calling him unhealthy because of that quote . he was a drug addict and had depression . which can make people hard to type , you know ? sorry , i should have been more clear in my post . that'd be awesome ! or just wear your type on your shirt so they can see better . then you could hang out with people of your type . i'd love to meet other infj's ! :D i feel like i'm more of the first kind of infj but it depends on who i'm around . anyone else like that ? i think someone with a strong fe could be closer to the first one . what kind of arguments ? if it's a debate , no but in a regular argument sometimes . a mean esfj . she's not the delicate , gentle , flower she makes herself to be . she creates an image for herself for us to like . she shows us what we want to see . this is fe manipulation . apparently she ... unhealthy infp . i would like to get rid of the homophobes , sexists , and racists in our audience . i know they're out there and it really bothers me . - kurt cobain basically i'm in this sports club and my infp boyfriend is there and jealous of the other guys . we've been dating for almost 2 years now . enfj's in fights can get real nasty . i find they get manipulative . people think it's just ne users but no it's ni too . enfp's in fights are more relaxed . infps ? not so much . i find they get very ... how about you type with the cognitive functions instead of the letters ? it's much more accurate and easier . enfp is the closest to the infp because they have the same functions . infj's use ni , fe , ti , se while infp's use fi , ne , si , te . if you feel you're more rational you may actually be an intp . the ... 96 % of infj's are either infp's or isfj's because they're either not typing themselves via cognitive functions , they don't understand them , they want to be the special snowflake infj when really they ... this is true . which is why , as an infj , i really get confused when people type elsa as an infj . disney characters aren't the best examples of mbti types and everyone types them according to ... thanx for agreeing with my typing . lol how come you didn't like it ? intj's are actually very emotional whether they admit it or not . it's all internal for them though and they don't let it dictate them or make their decisions . they're also very unfamiliar with how to ... hahaha i couldn't flirt if my life depended on it . you're too quiet . you wouldn't understand / care . what do you know about what i'm going through ? i also hate when people who don't really know me say something along the lines of i ... i love my intj buddies and they like us but don't show it ! :D we've been together for a while now and are in our late teens and he told me just the other day exactly what the title says . i'm really shocked . i'm an infj too and i feel the same but i'm really , ... i heard that if you live on residence it helps you make friends but i'm scared i'll stuck in my dorm all day by myself too scared to go out and socialize . i'm afraid of rejection but want to have a ... i do a lot of theatre and have had major roles , so acting is something i've done before ( i'm not an actor though ; i just act in plays ) . a lot of people in the shows i've been in sometimes talk about ... hmm ... infj ? lawsfullmute i have thought of that a few times but the way she talks is too te / fi . in one scene she yells at an authority figure go get anna ! now ! and she just shouts demands like that at others . also if she ... that's not enough evidence of ni . when an ni user finds their dream they will do it no matter what . look at rapunzel , there's an ni user ! she wants to see the floating lights and spends her whole ... the great gatsby les miserables to kill a mockingbird jane eyre ... do you have a problem ? well , yeah i know that lol but she's a disney character how far into si can i actually get ? not much lol . as soon as i saw a picture of him i went yup , intj or at least something close to that . i still think he is one . she's an istj actually . i don't understand the infj bandwagon with her . she doesn't show ni at all and even if she did there's no way it's the dominant function . she's constantly focusing on the ... elsa is an istj in an si - fi loop . anna is an esfp . kristoff is an istp olaf is an esfp hans is an enfj infj ni - atticus knows he is going to lose the court case but does it anyways because it's his ideal . he dreams of a future where people are treated equally . he foresees the consequences of his ... don't take the answers from the tests , like human metrics , seriously . they're often way off . i know a girl who took it and got intj yet whenever she texts she goes hi all you lovely people . i love ... '