' estps don't know fear . istps don't show it . keirsey says she's one of us . keirsey temperament website - portrait of the rational inventor ( entp ) though some accounts describe her as more introverted . a jovial hallo to you , too . glad to hear you've stopped lurking . :) ... when this is your idea of a chess puzzle : white to move having never worked in hr , i wouldn't know . however , i have worked for admissions committees at a few elite american uni's and , at best , there was an unconscious bias against introverted people ; ... psssh . c'mon , infp - - where's the poetry in that ? emps , brah . by townsend , you're talking about devin and not pete with the extra ' h ' ( who's some nt ) , yes ? more : iommi - istp blackmore - esxp evh - xstp malmsteen - entj vai - entp gilbert - enxp ... i'm a baaad maaan . my valentine to all of you intjs ... ... what appears to be a real life intj villainess :  enneagram : the 1-3- 5 triad welcome to the cafe , fellow nocturnal creature . recent istp playlist stuff coughed up :  please , someone get thief noctis on the line . :) unhealthy isfp who became even more so when he caved in to certain vices isn't bird usually considered an fi-dom ? :/ little lights , huh ? :) i hope the dutch guv'mint is giving you tax credits for green energy and such . the cold might not bother you , but can you survive this place ? the cafe can get rather steamy - - certain parts of it , anyhow . :D i've noticed the gentlemen in particular are prone to leaning on snarkiness as a crutch instead of merely using it as a tool - cut from the comic book guy cloth . just this country ? i'd be curious as to what % of disposable income spent is controlled by females ( a decisive factor in modern day gender portrayals in the media ) in other developed nations . mind you , it's often said that the supermodel died the day heroin chic took over . disguise is right . genes aren't legos . it would be theuglylocus , or even likelier , theuglyloci . welcome to the boards . i'm sad to say that he exemplifies the quackier side of entp . esxp neither my mbti-interested fashionista friends nor i have yet come across an ne-dom or nt super . she reminds me a lot of the film portrayal of luna lovegood . so a nine fix might not be far off . could be 9w8 . looking at the og supermodels , quite a few introverts in the bunch . : o be wary of celeb confirmations - - they tend to fall prey to humanmetrics . * gag * lurking for years ? for a nova , you took your sweet time in thawing that ice . but i've no doubt it will be worth everyone's while . during the series's classic seasons , he always came across as estp . very in-the-moment , by-the-seat-of-his-pants , and his show's slapstick approach agrees with this . some type him as entj - - not ... pro tip : whenever you're about to give a big speech to your brood , take a couple huffs of sf6 . it's badass ; you won't regret it . it has some interesting ideas awash in a pretentious stew of playstation-commercial trappings and allusions to paradise lost . edit : proud red pill popper , here . : cool : i'll say you have ! no solidarity for your paisani ? ( sp . ? ) antonioni , fellini , rossellini , de sica , visconti , et cetera ? there's always the possibility you're a social extrovert and a jungian introvert . my thread got derailed in fewer than five posts . conclusion : resounding success by wending their way into the hearts of entps , thereby reducing the amount of havoc wrought , they protect the world . not all of them . in such a situation , my ne and fe work in tandem to let me know i'm guilty of a territorial breach . ain't ambiversion grand ? please change mine to ordinarinessisafwtd do you feel as though you have to ' don a mask ' in order to make and maintain connections with others ? if so , to what extent ? welcome to the cafe , by the way . seeing as we're the most overrepresented among early adopters of new stuff ... bitcoin and its kind might well be the next technological revolution we've been pining for . can anything that gives ... intp / entp pairing . very good movie , btw . doesn't reflect well on enfx's if they're trying to claim her for one of their own ... welcome ! * cue waltzing matilda played by a 100 - piece orchestra * both seem like xstp ( stone especially ) cuban : obnoxious but not stupid entp skip : obnoxious but kinda stupid entp steven : enfp that's unfortunate . : tongue : in most non-mainstream music scenes , there's a tacit protocol that musicians should be supportive of each other and avoid physically / verbally butting heads . kenny g ... when he discusses his work , he does so in a clinical , precise , non-confrontational manner . the tipping point was this explosion of inferior fe : i'm pretty sure kennedy is an entp .  i'm such a dork . : 3 infps tend to be calm , unflappable individuals--perhaps more than any other of the 16 - - but jung help anyone who ... the late frontman of inxs , michael hutchence , seemed very much the isfp : welcome to the cafe . it's like the hotel california - you can check out any time you like , but you can't ever really leave . from most gregarious to least : esfj esfp estp enfj estj entj entp enfp '