' i hate parallel parking and avoid it if possible , but if i have to , i can do it . yes . lots of days . i think my dearly departed old pup was an infp ... but then again , maybe i was just seeing my own traits in her . i could totally see her being an infp though . we had such a wonderful , intuitive ... big pete from pete & pete . i hate shopping and being stuck inside stuffy buildings . i love being outside at night . it's like a different world . well put . i don't know if it's the way our society is these days , or maybe if it's just how a lot of non-infp people seem to be , but it seems like good listeners are hard to come by . people just ... yesterday , after thinking about my dog ( she was put down last fall ) . i had a weird dream where i saw her for the last time , in the vet's office ... it was sad , though oddly peaceful , but mostly sad ... physical activity helps quite a bit . not that ive been listening to my own advice lately ... i've been lazy and too tired from work . but really , i find that things like running or yoga / stretching ... i generally hate exercising . i do however occasionally go running when i feel like burning off some excess energy . yoga and belly dance are great too for loosening up and relieving tension in an ... as a hobby i can pick up and set down whenever , i love crochet . it's quiet , you can take it almost anywhere , and it's like a form of meditation . seriously . all that repetition really quiets my ... i've definitely thought about it , but it's kind of on the back burner for now . especially given the terrible status of teachers in this country , and , particularly , in this state ( thanks to our ... i have no idea if it's normal to be like this , but i definitely know how it feels . i definitely have different sides of myself , and what i show people usually depends on who they are or what the ... i feel like our society ( the us , at least . not sure about other parts of the world ) is not friendly at all to creative types . we're often portrayed as weirdos , dicking around and wasting time , not ... all the infps i know are dirty hippies and / or otherwise creative types . including myself . a magical scene of an odd little house set against a background of mountains , clouds , and light . i'd live there if i could . when i run out of cigarettes ... just kidding ! but really , i can get a little teary if i think about the death of my parents , siblings , or my dog . moviewise ? the fountain always gets me ... it's ... i'm a mixture of luxembourgish ( basically german , but luxembourgish sounds so much cooler ! ) , french , danish , german , french-canadian ( so basically french & native american , wish i had more info on ... i love coconuts ! in the pic , it looks like you bought a young coconut , which is sweeter and smooshier than the regular mature ones . not sure what you can do with it besides eat it . but if ... free at last . or alternatively , quit my job ! i was working in a kitchen making minimum wage ( $ 7.25 an hour here ) , had been employed there for about 10 months . i brought in a form for my boss to fill out so that i could go on food stamps . and ... i suppose this post may belong in the career section instead , but i guess i was looking for input from other infps , so here goes ... i quit my job today . walked out in the middle of a shift , i was ... what's eating gilbert grape by peter hedges is by far my favorite book of all time . i love the gritty look you get inside gilbert's mind . anything hunter s thompson is great too . exactly . don't blame this one on yourself . this guys very clearly has issues he needs to work on , and he doesn't sound particularly capable of maintaining a mature relationship right now .  warning : this last video contains bill o'reilly . oh , and ... these drunk history videos are quite good . i dunno , there's a bunch of videos on youtube that make me laugh pretty hard , but i'm ... i can be quite the space cadet at times , doing stupid things or missing seemingly obvious things . i know i'm pretty smart , but a lot of times i miss the details and something just slips right by me ... i don't get any tv channels at my apartment , so i don't really watch many recent shows , usually just what's on dvd , or whatever i can catch when i visit home . favorites : futurama arrested ... my drug of choice would have to be weed . it's fun , relaxing , entertaining , and it makes life more interesting . hiding out in the woods or sitting by a lake smoking a joint is my idea of heaven . ... my right foot is 1/2 size bigger than my left . also , i have a habit of waving at satellites and planes in the sky . you never know who might be watching ! i've only seen the first movie , and i really dug it . i should really take a peek at the other ones ... some of the stuff i'm really not sure about ... for instance , i don't know crap about the ... my dog . she's awesome . otherwise ... watching tv or a movie to distract myself , working on a project , smoking some ganja , wasting time online . sleeping , eating , smoking cigs . daydreaming . nirvana's cover of bowie's man who sold the world . sometimes i feel like i have ... dare i say it ... premonition-type things . i've dreamed up or thought of things before they've happened , many times . but then again , they could very well just be ... i'm actually not a huge fan of kids . i often find them annoying , but then again , i haven't really had too much experience with them . i love animals though . dogs especially . they're just so much ... i'm pretty sure about half the stuff i post is stuff that makes me go back and think , now why the heck did i write that ? ! ? meh . i do take some solace in knowing that if i write something dumb ... veggiehead for 9 or so years now . i first converted after i learned about factory farms and slaughterhouses . knowing about the lives of those animals and how they die just puts a pit in my ... if given the chance , i'd prefer to stay up til 5am or so , sleep til 1 or 2 . unfortunately , on most days , my job requires me to be up by 6:30 am . very sad . i love tattoos , and i have 12 or so of them ... i keep losing count . and i intend to keep on adding ink until i can't count them anymore ! i find them visually interesting , aesthetically pleasing , ... i'm definitely passive-aggressive . i will often repress things and bottle them up until someone / something pushes me over the edge and i will just snap at them , or anyone near me . i've been ... oh , and it's also good for helping my migraines . if i get a migraine while i'm somewhere i can relax ? take my rx medicine and smoke a bowl . bam . migraine gone . i've been smoking for about 5 years now . when i first was introduced to weed , i wanted to smoke it all the time , it was just that fun . nowadays i've gotten to the point where i still really enjoy ... hahaha , true that . i could have written the original post myself ! i love my bf dearly and we've been together for 4 years , but i've almost always got some stupid crush on another guy going on . i've never been ... [ quote = ectoplasmicgoo ; 938684 ] first i don't have all the answers but i know some things about living right . 1 ) get a goodnights sleep , go to bed at 9:30 if it takes you a while to get to sleep , and ... seriously ! this stereotype is everywhere ! how often have you seen in the media , tv , movies , hollywood , whatever , the situation of an ugly guy paired with a drop-dead gorgeous girl ? some fat , dorky ... ohhh yah . i could have written this almost word for word . i'm this way a lot . tired , unhappy , more depressed than normal lately . the beatles ' i'm so tired . yeah ... i used to play . i never got very far ( like , level 28 or something ) before getting bored , but i just loved it ! such a gorgeous game ! i think the last characters i had were an undead mage and a ... waaay liberal . somewhat socialist . filthy stinkin ' liberal neo-hippie , right here . you told me that already . i wish i had a dollar for every time i forgot that i already told someone a story or joke . i'd be able to pay off my student loans . '