' that is why i love the disney film enchanted . the princess saves the guy at the end . she becomes a modern new yorker , also . people , including my father , got all mad that i banned the early disney ... hannibal manipulates everyone . he's totally brillant . love the show , have the shirt this is my design and also own the 1st season and will be buying the 2nd , that just concluded on tv . my nt wife much refers grimm , but this is my show and i would ...  wait ! i'm here , and i'm an introvert ! lmao . as long as all you peepes stay online , we're fine . yes , all the time . i let people know that i am not , but this does not stop them . yes , we had a long talk about the two guys in the movie.both are nfs . xavier is more of an enfp i think ... maybe a j , but he acts without having a plan always so i lean towards the p . magneto , is ... magneto , is infj , sub-type ' destroyer of worlds . ' watch the x-men origins , and you will see how he is a very very sensitive boy and they destroy him , and his empathy , by destroying his mother . then ... i just stare at mine ( i have 3 , a wife and 2/3 of my kids , cursed or blessed , you tell me ... ) . soon they ask ' what ? ' then i say ' well , that escalated quickly ... ' and leave the vicinity . i wait for ... i lol'd at this . i told my wife when we were first dating that i would not tell the world that she really was a gooey marshmellow on the inside , if she would not tell i am really hard as steel on the ... no , they are not . they may appear that way on the outside , but inside , it's a raging volcano ... : wink : don't worry op , you are not the only one . i usually don't frequent infj discusssions because it seems like there is a propensity of drama involved , or hurt feelings . i have seen it a few times ... i personally always hated stories that did not give an ending . like the famous lady or the tiger or even hitchcocks the birds . just put an ending to it already ! i can charm the teeth out of a tiger and he won't miss them ! lol my intj daughter has had some issues with a job , one a cashier ( horrible fit ! she said ' mom , i won't be here long , just saying ' ) and ... well , sometimes people just suck . people who think they have the right to tell others how to live and try to force their belief on everyone else . people who think that ignoring a situation , instead of addressing it , will make it go ... we requested this before , and got ignored , i hope that won't happen this time . sweetest day is october 16th , it's just another day for you to buy something for your partner . like flowers , cards and candy . it's pretty much a made up thingy to sell cards i think . and i am an ... becasue i have an intj wife and two out of my three kids are also intjs , and i hear this all the time . : laughing : i didn't really have a choice on my personality , but it's usually a curse . i would give just about anything to not feel a bit guilty about seeing to my needs first , or to not be able to feel every ... you are most likely not an infj if someone compairs something metaphorically and you say what has that got to do with the price of beans ? . you are most likely not an infj if you really , ... i used to have a little purple spotted dog that was my imaginary friend . i think this is why i primarily prefer nt types . i always come away from those mbti tests with a very high ti score , but still a more pronounced f , of course . there have been times , when i was ... and start clubbing seals ... when did it become socially unacceptable to club baby seals anyhow ? leave the dolphins alone ! you are not alone . i also work where there is a lot of touch going on and it freaks me out . i only feel comfortable with my wife and kids hugging me or touching me . also i can't stand a pedicure ... awww ... now were getting hated on ... : unsure : just do us a favor ... go with the flow and believe us when we tell you how you feel ! lmao : laughing : seriously though ... anyone tries to tell you what you feel , has issues . i think some nfs are ... no . so , the question reamains ... why so serious ? ? ? : laughing : i don't think any ns took this seriously at all . i know i didn't . i truly thought this was suppost to be a silly thread . kinda like our attack of ' hug an intj ' thread ... my co worker and ... me too , i would laugh my ass off ! it's all about getting a secure and mature individual to have a relationship with . nt or nf . sure we have all our typical behaviors , but i have found that the maturity of the individual means a lot , ... thanks , but that was really a reciprocal question . :) i think this is why i am introverted , i actually truly don't like people once i get to know them . call me a cynic ... makes one wonder if it is the n that makes us all manipulate ... no , why can't people just be real ? i don't really get that either ... i understand , and didn't personalize on it . manipulation hurts , a lot . there really is no reason for it . people should be healthy , they should be able to ask for what they need and want , but we ... it is true , infjs can be so manipulative ! they manipulate your emotions , because they know how . i know i can manipulate because i am infj , but i don't like it . i hate to have to feel that i have to ... we are the pros of the door slam . i can be cold . i admit it . we talked about this in another thread . :) it does not bother me to ask at all , i always wonder if someone is always having an ulterior motive when they just ' know ' to touch me and such , it frankly ... i think he is trying to understand us , or maybe this person has a crush on an infj and wants to be a good partner . no harm there trying to learn how to be a good partner . i went on the nt ... 1.pretty important but must only affirm it when i ask . a soft touch will also do it during the day . ( stroke my hair , hug etc ) i'm married to an intj , so i usually just ask for it . it's so much easier ... meh . married to one . i also have three gene packages , two are intjs . i don't get how people get upset with thinking . are they not curious ? people get annoyed with me also for asking so many ... no , nothing to add . just actually curious . it gets me into trouble from time to time ... lol i am curious ... do you think this is because you are male , and expect females to be much more emotionally savy ? ( if your straight ) because a female intj most definately will not be all feely , and ... i was also going to mention that but forgot to , the male / female dynamic . i am glad someone thought to put it down ! : happy : why do people think that nts feel nothing ? i hate that stereotype . they have plenty of feelings , they may not articulate them well , or show it in other ways , but the nf way is not the ' ideal ' way ... my intj wife leaves things all over the house , also . her thing is writting stuff down on little slips of paper and leaving them where she can find them . drives me nuts because it looks so messy , ... oh boy ... it's a double edged sword here . apparently she is not able to set aside her emotions enough to rationally discuss things with you and your concerns , so taking the emotion out of it is ... '