entj esfp entp esfj estp infp intj intp yeah i'd do you oh there are so many things i cant tolerate ... id say the top of my list though is men who are abusive to their wives / abusive parents . intp intj what thread ? enfp lol . though i do think that is what this thread is encouraging us to do ... would be fun i think . yeah id have sex with ya :) . hey maybe we should make plans to ? ;) sure , why not :) nope yes . all positions , and what ever way she wants it . you are beautiful btw lol yeah there were some warning signs . i just felt selfish for thinking about leaving her for my benefit . she has a lot of physical health issues which probably plays a big role in alot of her emotional ... infj male here . is there a way that i can get my wife who is entj to discuss things with me before she makes decisions ? this has surfaced since we havebeen married the last few months . and anytime i ... i was fairly rebellious . but since i was smarter then those in my home town i never was suspected to be anything but the quiet and well behaved student . never got in trouble . its the quiet ones you ... bahaha yeah i have no flirting skills lol * knocks on door hoping to get in on the action * hi i'm an infj . i'm 22 years old . i love mbti . i hope to make some friends here . i hope everyone is having a good day yes we can be but we have to be in a great state of mind no i can't find a job i like . i'm going to have to start my own business so i don't lose my mind i love sports and excersize . it helps me fight depression nt / nf might have add . but not adhd batman interesting videos my random thought is ... subway eat fresh welcome , sarah :) i don't know if anyone would be interested in picking the brain of an infj , i have recently moved away from my home town into an environment where i barely know anyone , and those whom i do know are ... the one with the pumpkins if i were comfortable talking to people i don't know then i probably would have . maybe . id probably feel guilty if i did . good thing i'm not one who can easily go and talk to people . i guess being ... ok so a few months ago igot engaged to my enfj girlfriend ( previously thought she was esfj ) . we were having a lot of problems but she has since straightened out things in her life and i couldn't ask ... haha yeah we are not pushovers . we can pretend to be pushovers very well if we want though . one of my infj friends got into a ton of fights in highschool because people thought he was a push over ... i would feel like i'm the avitar and i would go fly around the world . i'm sorry :( i believe it is in order because i believe god created it and is in control . what do you think ? yes several . but they were boxing competitions . i was always nervous before a fight but won all of my fights by tko no its been a while since ihave been able to watch tv lol i don't think i have used either to my advantage but i'm not sure . should i use information like that to my advantage ? well a common one is standing over people when i am asleep . ( kinda like in the movie paranormal activity 1 . ) i sleep talk . sleep walk . and have experience sleep paralysis a few times . and i've also ... what specific knowledge ? using the knowledge that you are a 6w5 to my advantage ? or the information regarding being a 6w5 to my advantage ? both anytime someone asks me . but idont have people ask me too often because i don't speak to many people i spread the peanut butter first title says it all title says it all