so i have been reading david wilcock's articles for a few years now , and became more interested in them in the past year or so . i'm not signed up to watch his cosmic disclosure series because you ... i recently met an enfp firefighter . he was a college student studying mechanical engineering . it never occurred to me in a million years to imagine an enfp as a firefighter . he told me that on his ... by definition , it's physically impossible to say something you would never say . however , in spite of that , i'll give an example . i was in a different typology forum not too long ago , and somebody ... no joke , i seriously think it is the weather , if you are in the united states , that is . i * never * feel suicidal , ever , and if i do , i know it was caused by taking some toxic herbal drug or other ... it is , until and unless i can use the information for something in the real world . the goal is to eventually use the system to bring people together who get along with each other , to create a ... i found something in another thread . ( * note , the person who wrote that has declared their type to be intj , the isfp's socionic activator . * ) okay . i saw in several places that nardi says ... the short answer is yes , i * think * that is what he said . i just can't remember where i read this . it might possibly have been on a reddit page , something like ' dario nardi ask me anything , ' i ... that's odd , i never even saw this post . i saw your next one but not this one . in the mid - 1990s i took a computerized mbti test after my roommate told me about it . i got intp ( mistyped as an ... i've been trying to guess diana leafe christian's personality type for a while , but since she's not a huge famous celebrity , nobody really seemed to be interested when i mentioned her in another ... i keep editing that post , but instead i'll just add another post . it's like someone could literally be a judge , wearing a judge's robe and a judge's curly white wig , sitting at a desk or bench ... the short answer is , it's all a huge mistake , but people keep doing it anyway . the long answer : it's complicated . if you take the mbti test , and if you answer the questions as introverted , ... ' some college ' is my answer , but then i realized , that also includes people who are currently in college and are likely to finish , whereas for me , it means , the ' some college ' occurred decades ago , ... i once saw jim carrey typed as an entj , and he's truman , the hero in the truman show , one of my favorite movies . i wasn't sure of carrey's type , but entj is possible - i thought he was something in ... it's actually something you can see in the modern world . every person who gets orthodontic braces needs to read this book to find out why their face was deformed . it's useful for anybody who is ... i like to try weird foreign foods sometimes , but i have to be in the mood for it . i love cooking for myself , but right now i can't , so i'm eating stuff i don't really like at restaurants . i was ... i used to enjoy dancing if i was alone in my room at home and i had my favorite music on . i am very picky about music , and i hate almost all the music at the clubs and bars - i can't dance to it . i ... i didn't mean to spew a wall of text and then suddenly abandon the thread , but i just moved out of my apartment and have no internet , so i have to only dabble on the internet briefly while i am at ... my brother john used to have every possible color of converse shoes , and he's an istp . this is my contribution to istp ' porn . ' this book contains dozens and dozens of pictures of primitive people from all over the planet who have perfectly formed faces and teeth , and compares them to ... random forum issues , such as not letting me post ? windmill slam i actually got a lot out of reading rick delong's blog , the [ ex - ] socionist . he became disenchanted with socionics , and wrote a lot of blog posts in recent years about the reasons why ... the other idea is , how would each of the 16 types survive on a desert island , without society to support them ? a feeling-type person is still capable of using logic , and an intuitive is able to ... i know one thing , for example . as i got older , i learned how to better handle the supervision relations - esfjs , who often literally do supervise me in the workplace , as they often become managers . ... this made me think of something . i seem to remember reading that feeling types will even attribute feelings to inanimate objects . so how the object is ' feeling ' tells you something about it , which ... yeah , the biggest thing that i want to write an article about is the nasty , evil j / p switch - except that i believe that it's not merely causing damage when people try to translate between the two ... lol ... i swear , you people . i think i have a lot of explaining to do ... but i'll have to come back to the forum in the next couple days , postponed for now ... so far , to sum it up , i get the ... jinhong 91 you are not the cause of my meltdown , by the way . i am having a meltdown because i'm under extreme stress from having to move out of my apartment and from taking over-the-counter drugs ... sorry . cup of coffee . postpone rant . what makes it even more complicated is , i myself don't even use the ' normal ' socionics model , model a . i actually use a weird model called model b , made by bukalov , and it has 16 information ... i'm actually coming back to the world of mbti after being away from it for several years , so i have forgotten how the functions are ordered here and what the rationale is for ordering them that way . ... in socionics , an istp's functions are actually written as si te ni fe ne fi se ti . it's different from the way functions are written in mbti . in socionics , the enfp is ne fi se ti si te ni fe . you ... i know from experience that if an enfp breaks up with you it can be a horrible experience , because my old best friend cut off connections with all of her family and old friends , including me , due to ... okay , is there any perception of socionics users as ' inferior , ' ' stupid , ' ' taken in ? ' like socionics users are in a cult , or like they believe in astrology , or it's like a religion ? are they ... i'm curious how many other istps here have heard of socionics and are using it . i myself ignored it and wasn't interested in it when i first saw the word ' socionics ' mentioned in forums . the word ... i find socionics to be the biggest turn on ... all the relations between all of the 16 types methodically described ... enfps are actually the best type for an istp , the socionic duals . however , when ... i am going to have to make that thread necromancer card my next avatar . i did not yet read the other replies in this thread yet . somebody else might have had a similar experience to mine . believe it or not , one of the most enjoyable jobs i ever did was working at ... i think every thread should be a sticky . every thread is precious and must never be forgotten . i'm sorry , i find this very amusing . i use socionics , so this might not be exactly the same description you would get from someone using mbti / jcf . i'm pretty sure my mom is an estj . she gets very upset when she doesn't know what's ... thank you , mr . cafebot , for the ceremonial dance welcoming me to this forum . it makes me feel like i am somebody important . it is very nice to meet you and your family and your dog . this ... i'm introducing myself here , but i'm not actually a newbie . i've been interested in typology for a really long time and have learned about both the myers-briggs and socionics . there really is a lot ...