sounds like you are in one sided relationships . they should equally be trying to sweep you off your feet . cheating should never be allowed . it's not so much that it shouldn't be allowed , as it shows ... i am 30 years old , so i've thought about it , more recently than in my 20 ' s . i do try to have my life open to the possibility of . i recently bought a 3 bedroom house . i am in a pretty solid ... i definitely get the depressive part . i have learned not drink when i'm pmsing or on my period . i'm already pretty emotional then and it doesn't help . and if i'm feeling down i don't drink . i pretty ... haha probably a bit annoying . i think , if the person is a right fit , and the feeling is mutual it should be easy to get together . if it isn't easy , it probably is just not going to work out . you should both be making it easy to ... yes , i stress eat ! i will eat after a stressful night ( at the crisis unit ) . i'll buy burgers and milkshakes , and bacon cheddar fries . i also stress work out so it balances out . i'm tall and work out ... right now , my fantasy is to hike around mount rainier . 2017 lottery hopeful ! i find out in april ! it's a huge undertaking . i guess my fantasy life is to always be able to have the time and money , to ... i'm a 6w5 infp . it helped a lot to learn about that aspect of myself . i think it was just as important as learning that i was an infp . what helps me regulate my anxiety is sports ( like hiking or ... i'm an infp he's an infj are you dating / married / living together ? we are engaged and we live together . we just bought a beautiful house together . how long have you been together ? nearly 6 ... a lot of people apologize to me after saying a vulgar joke or not . i think i just appear like i am all manners , no personality , and no vices unless someone knows me super well . it's probably because ... mostly , solo hiking photography .  put yourself in places where you'll meet like minded people . if you have certain hobbies go to gatherings with people who share the hobbies . you'll already have something to talk about . plus , the ... life is pretty good right now . i got a loving , stable relationship . i just bought a dream home ( remodeled 1940 ' s ) with arched doorways , and beautiful tile work . i have a dream job ( working in mental ... my fiance is an infj . we've been together for almost 6 years . i think we compliment each other so well . i always liked infp men too . i think i've met less infps to be honest or maybe they are that ... thanks , for posting ! i must say your comment on infps and intjs getting a long because an infp will take the time to get to know an intj , is so true . i think to some extent they are good at giving ... i like silence . i find this hyper quiet state in power yoga when i'm super focused and when i'm hiking / walking . usually , i seem to have to be moving to have that kind of silence . i've found it when ... i am with a infj and very happy . we are buying a house right now and are engaged to get married . i have admired other infjs as well . i feel a little more grounded with them . i have liked infp ... i guess one shadow is a wanderer / thru-hiker . i would be someone who doesn't want much to do with their family or friends , except if it's part of the journey and if i felt tied down , i'd just let go , ... sigh ... just another weekend at work . a deep scratch mark on my left hand and my right hand . sore ribs , chest , and stomach , from being kicked multiple times . oh , and attempted arm bites . they got my ... tired ... so tired . so , much time working at the crisis unit . two 46 hour work weeks , back to back , and then driving to thanksgiving . then working 72 hours . the holidays and supermoon have been tough ! i think if inspired , then i like cleaning . right now , i am living in a basement / mother in law apartment and am totally uninspired . i was really good at cleaning , but the closer we get to getting a ... i guess white-knuckle means doing something that causes excitement or tension . i think it's used when you're talking about a plane taking a nose dive and correcting it , and the white-knuckle part is ... i am working as a mental health therapy technician and love it . i work in like a mini mental hospital ( group home ) and in intensive crisis situations . i wish i could elaborate but some of it's like ... i love this tv show . i used to watch the episodes that were on youtube late at night in bed . lol yes sometimes i fall asleep to this kind of stuff . this is probably my most favorite tv show involving ... do what you love and are passionate about . :) the next hike / climb i have my sights on . time to buy some crampons , an ice ax , and learn self arrest skills . i'm already watching videos on self arrest skills . my sister climbed mount rainier so ... i am trying really hard to not have a crush on my coworker . it's hard because i just like their energy and i'm trying to be their friend but must say i just like being around them . it couldn't have ... i saw a murmuration of starlings today . that was beautiful . i was folding laundry and realized i needed to get outside and experience it before they were gone . i'm happy i did . just mesmerizing . i need my time away from others to process my hurt feelings . living in a house with thin walls and a big family ( 10 kids ) made it hard to do this . as a kid when i lived in the city i climbed a maple ... i feel like hiking . i miss night hiking . 596266 i'm tired . enjoyed a good hike , today . i feel like a smoke , big time . this was a good hike today with my friend and her fiance's dog ( pictured above ) . i'm stressed out about interviewing ... plan ahead . use uber . or get an experienced stoner to be the designated driver . i've always dated guys that don't drink and smoke their regular amount of weed that they always smoke and are just fine ... i hate talking on the phone . i'd rather be on a walk and talk . i love twilight . i think my favorite are the first two movies . i love the music and the scenery . i am an infp that loves , love stories . it's the good things in life . i was older when i first watched ... it's legal where i live and legal in the last state i lived in . i am a government employee and the program i am in relies on federal funding so anything the state says , doesn't matter . i even went to ... thoughts on type 6 and 6wx infps plus life for us ? i think it helped for me to be aware that i was an infp type 6 . learning about my personality type probably saved me from being on medications and ... confidence is being comfortable in your own skin . it's okay to be an introvert and be confident , you don't have to fake it . i think it gets hard for me as an infp in terms of wanting to have ... i agree . the more money into mental health the better . i worry that the new healthcare laws and distribution of such funds have affected the money that should be going to the disabled , medically ... working at the crisis unit tonight . darn hipaa if only i could vent ! ! :) haha entj . i have dated / lived with an intj and heck maybe it would have been better if he was socially aware . my intj sometimes acted like a homeless person , he was that erratic / unaware . i mean , he ... 1 . drive-ins ! there are still a few left , but the one i grew up with shut down . i miss the old super long swings at the drive-ins , sneaking in extra kids , to get a better deal , and always falling ... oh , i'm sorry . not what we expect from an intuitive feeler but can happen . i am an infp but have developed a strong j side . i still feel flexible on the rules because i think they are subject to ... a recent magical rainy day i experienced was in the wilderness with some mountain goats on a ridge top on my hike into an alpine lake . they were coming down the ridge top because of an impending ... it was the first job i didn't walk out on . lol i was quitting and getting jobs like crazy until i started caregiving / c . n . a . work . did that for years , then care management , and now i'm a mental health ... yeah , i am definitely a romantic . i also like stability and am not a fan of the dating world or what it has become for so many people . i definitely , like to be deeply in love ( who doesn't want to ...