' jeb 713 kskatze thank you for your responses ! every bit of feedback helps . :) thank you for typing out such a detailed response , i really appreciate the time you took to do that . i read ... after learning more and reading about cognitive functions i was actually leaning towards infj . i identify pretty strongly with a lot of what i've read about them , and the more i understand ni , and ... thank you all for the welcome ! i appreciate it , you're all so nice . :) hello ! here , please take some goldfish ! there's some ranch too , they go great together if you've never tried it ! :) i'm new here , just made my first post over in the what's my type ? section to see ... first off , i really , really appreciate you taking the time to read this . i know it's a bit long ( i tend to be wordy when i write , sorry ! ) but i would be very grateful for any advice / ideas / thoughts ... no no , i totally see what you mean and thank you for the response ! i appreciate it . :) i guess i might have phrased what i meant a bit weird . i didn't mean so much the high-flying , follow your ... my best friend of fourteen years is an intj . we've gone through a few periods where we weren't as close ( mainly middle school ) but have always seemed to find our way back to each other again . i find ... nice idea for a thread ! so much happiness in one place would be great ! :D my fish make me happy ; the happy wiggle dance they do when i come into the room , teaching them to do tricks , finding a ... do cafes have pickles ? if so then , yes . pickles , a cup of tea , and a good book . ah , how relaxing ... exactly , this is why i felt so liberated when i found out i was an infp and so many things about the descriptions and other peoples ' experiences rang true . so many things i thought were just weird ... hello henrik , welcome to the forum ! :) yay intj ! my best friend's an intj and all of the people i've known who were intjs have been awesome ! i guess that's generalizing , but still - you're awesome ! ... hello oxylis and welcome ! :) multitabbing drives my family crazy but if i don't open up all those tabs i get distracted and forget what it was i was wanting to look at ... interactions between ... welcome azrax ! like you , i got several different results on different tests before getting infp and having everything click into place . fellow infps unite ! :D you sound like a wonderful mother and ... welcome beth ! i hope you enjoy it here . :) oh no ! don't jump off of cliffs , you'll give us all a heart attack ! : shocked : i'll gladly ride horses with you though ! welcome and i hope you enjoy it here . :) hello fellow infp ! welcome and i hope you enjoy it here . :) p . s . - i'm hungry too ... very anxious . i've been feeling it all day but it just suddenly got worse . i hate when my social anxiety really flares up , because then i get anxious about everything . and lose all ability to ... christian from moulin rouge strikes me pretty strongly as an infp . hyped up on caffeine and with an itching to write . but i have class soon , so it'll have to wait ! grr ... all that is gold does not glitter ; not all those who wander are lost ; the old that is strong does not wither ; deep roots are not reached by the frost . - - j . r . r . tolkien another of my all-time ... welcome to the forums ! :) i hear you on a lot of those points , especially about daydreaming and watching fish for hours ! i love to just sit in front of my fish and watch them , it's so relaxing and ... how amazing ! another infp , vegetarian , anime-loving writer ! i've been a vegetarian for almost ten years , so i know where you're coming from . i really enjoyed death note and ohshc myself ! two of my ... hello and welcome ! i felt the exact same thing - knowing that yes , i'm an individual , but there are people out there who understand and feel the same things that i do . it's a very liberating feeling ! ... shh , don't tell anyone ... but i'm still figuring out all the acronyms too ! ah well , we'll get it in time . i agree , it's very exciting to delve into your personality and there's definitely a lot to ... wow , you're a librarian ? ! i admire librarians , really i do . to work around books every day - it sounds amazing ! i love cats as well , though most of them make me sneeze and get really itchy ! it's ... hello and welcome ! i adore sherlock holmes as well , though i must say dr . watson has always been my favorite character . the main thing that helped me to know whether i was an e or an i was , like ... hello ryan ! i'm pretty new here myself but so far i've been enjoying it . i hope you will as well ! and i can't believe i never thought to look for books on the topic ... i love books and i find the ... hello and welcome lemurianofmu ! your username makes me think of ring-tailed lemurs , one of my favorite animals growing up . i still have a stuffed one in my bedroom ! anyways , i hope you're enjoying it ... you'll never know if you can fly unless you take the risk of falling . - dick grayson one of my very favorite quotes ; it's something i need to remind myself of sometimes . i've recently gotten really into photography , particularly photography of animals . i could spend hours taking pictures of my fish , though i think they'd get quite tired of it ! it's just so much fun ... human by manafest ! it's one of my favorites . 18 % . um , oops ? well , i know this kind of thinking is not exactly my strong suit . i'm much more suited to words than numbers and shapes and letters . to be fair i did go through it pretty fast , but i ... most hayao miyazaki movies i've watched multiple times and never get tired of them . the artwork is beautiful , the characters complex and relatable , the messages relevant yet not overbearing . there's ... i took a cognitive functions test , the first one that popped up on google . it was pretty long , about sixty questions i believe . these are the results i got : te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 40 % ) your ... i very often feel this way , yes . it's very hard for me to impart my worries or troubles onto someone because i'm then concerned about in turn troubling , or being a burden to them . part of this ... sage 90 : isfp can the test be wrong ? i think the test was wrong . or i screwed it up somehow . i keep getting different results depending on the test ! i was reading about other personality types , got to infp , and ... if imitated by someone else , man or woman , then yes i will shake hands . i'm actually always strangely pleased when someone offers a handshake ... i suppose because it shows respect and interest . i am ... oh man ! poor rigsby . i'll have to watch his back around cats . he is quite ... wiggly . i can imagine how that might make cats want to terrorize him . maybe that's why our cats keep trying to get in my ... oooh , i like this idea ! i think about these things often enough anyway . for my betta fish : 1 . ) an ixtj , not sure about s or n . he's more reserved than any of the others , but does a happy wiggle ... i just joined here and i figure this is as good a place as any to make my second post . plus , i enjoy filling things like this out . personal ~ * name - well , my username is penelopethefabulousfish ... that picture of the goldfish cracked me up so bad , you have no idea . : laughing : thank you all for the welcome ! i appreciate it . ( and thank you for not treating me like a crazy person because i ... saving a spider . someone was going to squish it . : frustrating : : shocked : hello ! um , even online my introductions can be awkward , and despite being very verbally inarticulate , in my head and in writing ( including online ) i can just go on forever , so i'll try to make this ... '