' she sounds like a healthy si-fe-ti-ne who needs an entp to make sure she doesn't let herself be taken advantage of :) i use music to explore and feel different kinds of moods as they are presented by the artist . basically , it means ditching whatever mood i have currently and just going for a ride . so no , i don't ... 1 ) what do you do ? software engineering . 2 ) do you like it ? it pays the bills and i enjoy some parts of it . 3 ) are you good at it ? i am somewhat good at it , yes . 4 ) do you see it ... i don't think immortality is the right course of research and action . have you considered that mayhaps the limited time we have here on earth is exactly what makes our lives feel so special and worth ... oh yes , it is very useful . this world is run by people and without our fe we would rub pretty much all the people in a wrong way . and then there would be no room to hide . planescape : torment all the way . it goes deeep . i would also like to mention the mass effect series and civilization v with all the expansions . got an isfj mom and am the middle child of the three of us . 7 year age difference both ways . hmm ... so we as entp's are very capable of observing the tangible reality and forming abstractions based on that . and abstractions are just models of reality , not a part of the reality itself . so basically ... gah . which type exactly are we talking about here ? the fi-dom , ne-polr isfp , right ? according to socionics the isfj ( si-dom ) is our dual and optimal match , and the isfp ( fi-dom ) our conflictor ... well i never had any problems with isfp's , so i don't really know . but they never laugh at any of my jokes , so i don't bother to give them my attention after i notice that . luckily , this type is very ... i've always been good at maths . never a top student , but always among the top . my achilles heel are small careless mistakes , that always took my grade down a bit from the top one . i also used to have ... a famous but unsourced albert einstein quote says the following about the responsibility you have : the significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we ... poor guy , you have my compassion . it sounds like smoking and drinking are sucking the life out of you . with them it is very hard to identify the cause and the effect because it is actually a loop of ... yes , i am battling with anxiety too . definately it is one of the most common emotions for an entp , and yes , it mostly manifests physically . at this moment it is pretty much a constant state for me , ... sorry , but i highly doubt you are an entp if you find education boring . or maybe you just didn't try educating yourself in an area that actually interests you yet . ne - ideas . visions of the future . possibilities . novelties and enthusiasm . being an extroverted function , ne is both directed to the world from you and also absorbed to you from the world . this ... here's some ideas on how to raise the entp's paycheck : - use your charm to have good relations with your superiors , paving your way ahead in that way - pay attention to the people you work with in ... this is exactly how i see things also . people tend to gravitate towards me and there is no need to do any kind of manipulation . i guess the enthusiasm , positivity and ideas are contagious ! after giving it more thought ( inspired by this thread ) , i have indeed typed my dad as mbti intp ( socionics intj ) and my mom as isfj ( socionics isfp ) and it all makes perfect sense now . that would ... welcome ! i am a newbie here as well . curiosity indeed is a driving force for me too and i think any ne-driven person should be able to identify with that . i like to see myself as a pathfinder of ... i totally understand why the entp would score so low in such a chart . the entp is one of the types least motivated by money , and that's all the explanation needed . we would pick an interesting job ... what's there not to enjoy ? enjoying life is all about your own attitude towards it . take a deep look at your own mind and you will find your answers ! entp has fe as a tertiary and is hence interested to preserve the group harmony , unless he is a very immature one . social engineering as i see it means seeking to understand how human relations work ... i was never addicted to alcohol , but i couldn't stop when i started drinking . just one drink would be enough to disable my ti to the extent that i would keep drinking as long as there's a party going ... i am the same when breaking up relations , but i wouldn't draw the conclusion of being disassociated from emotions . we are just good at letting go , because we don't have the problem of fi attachment . yes , it does make perfect sense . being an entp you would make decisions primarily using the introverted thinking function ( ti ) , but the next function in your stack is extroverted feeling ( fe ) , of ... i have tried to type my parents for a long time and i just can't seem to reach conclusion . but this is what i've come up with so far : dad : definately an fe polr ... so that means in mbti either ... among my friends there is one other entp . we used to get in many sorts of trouble together as teenagers ... mainly due to our wise ass experiments . the biggest problem in our friendship is that we've ... no , just ... no . i just found out the amount of isfp's in my own country is not even nearly as much as in the us ( where most online resources are based in ) . only 7 % among females . damn ! one of my friends is an estp and the relationship is very problem-free , probably due to the ti-ti creative functions . we enjoy some similar things and always do some activity together when we hang ... whoops : tongue : tried to edit the title picture to a question mark now . indeed . just any dual won't do ! it's not actually a bad idea ... i would figure isfp one of the most likely types to volunteer to help animals and troubled people . maybe i will join a shelter for substance abusers , as i am motivated ... yes , the socionics isfp is the isfj in mbti . i have plenty of relationship experience with various types , and although the romances with other types usually started well enough , they always ended up ... hello there , i have gotten quite deep into the socionics theory and understand that one of my best friends is indeed my dual , an isfp . the chemistry is just amazing and we have very similar ... i do have emotions and feelings . most of the time , especially when alone , i would consider my feeling calm . i love my calm feeling and in some ways i am dependant on it - i find it hard to deal ... not accurate for me , as i'm 100 % sure to be fe instead of fi . 42 % enfp 16 % entp 13 % intp 12 % infp 6 % entj i would absolutely love to hear more on this topic , although i'm not qualified to contribute beyond my twenties . it's just that during my twenties so many great things and transformations have ... i consider myself to be luckier than average these days , but it is just a conscious belief . it didn't come to me by nature . these days , whenever something works as expected or something good happens , ... thanks for all the responses . i have to say i don't really even know any heavy fe-users . i work in a very structured field and am mostly surrounded by various thinking types . according to the ... dearest fellow entp's , i seek some type specific help and knowledge regarding my relationship patterns . i have begun to have a greater understanding on the underlying patterns in my past ... after carefully thinking about you people's replies here and studying more carefully what the different functions mean , i have arrived into the conclusion that i'm an entp indeed . the way entp uses ... makes sense . by my social circles , i meant my groups of close friends though . i have two , one group from my high school times and another group from university . thank you for the video , very enlightening . very interesting how she's talking about not wanting to compromise if she really wants to do something - like you are welcome to tag along , but it's my ... i also have a friend who i perceive to be a very stereotypical entp . he is more artistical than me and plays a guitar . i never found the motivation to start playing an instrument myself . he seems to ... sometimes at work i am trying to find a solution for a problem for hours . then finally when i give up enough to ask for advice , i go to the most knowledgeable person about that specific problem . when ... what you are saying about me having a hard time to seriously consider what the other person is actually saying , sounds very plausible to me . just today i actually had this almost very same situation ... here's a few more details regarding the intp / entp choices : - i work as a software engineer and wouldn't consider any other career choice at this moment . ever since i started out , i noticed i learned ... interesting ! what made you rule out intp , or especially remind you of your entp ex ? '