' math is a prison . it has rigid rules that cannot be violated . at least at precollege levels it restricts your freedom to do anything extraordinary to its strict boundaries . infps are desperate to ... what makes you think i am kidding ? didn't you express a strong and confident attitude ? aren't you sure of your excellence ? wow . your attitude on achievement is admirable . what's your philosophy on life ? please share . i need much help in this and you have just the right blend of confidence and sensibility . also , sirius black is to me a perceiving introvert . just noticing little things , you know ... i have to tell you , as a physician i tried acting like an estj and for a while because it is expected by followers when you are a leader . but one who is not a born estj ( or perhaps born and early ... hey guys , just to add in - all of you share 99.god knows what goes here ) ... % of your dna . none of you are rare . you are all pretty much the same in most ways that count . you think , feel , funcion , ... dear sirius , i am not you and you know yourself best . but please allow me to suggest that you are not an estj . there is nothing wrong with estj , countless things that are right , and estj is a very ... as a grown-up infp i have mixed feelings about people picking on people . younger me knows much pain from mistreatment by more responsible and heavy handed others ( including many stjs ) . older me ... addressing emotional upheaval with logic is like eating soup with a fork . using emotionality when logical ( albeit uncomfortable ) solution is apparent , is like opening a tuna can with your teeth . we ... you can say : i care even more about your well-being than about your well-feeling . please let me know if you are interested in hearing things that are difficult to hear but may be substantively ... hmm .. that is brilliant . two sensors at odds with each other , may not be comfortable running away into their imagination to avoid conflict making conflict inevitable . also , two intuitives may leave ... much parenting seems to require kindly and gentle estjness . for me it takes much effort but i think it's worth it . heart felt truth ! i sit corrected . toilet cleaning is honest work . gives the room a fresh feel and symbolic of a well cared home where a soul can breathe and thrive . infp congruent . making someone good for something - infp ... infp head in the clouds . nice . i wish to summate a bit : as an infp ( and i find myself sure to be that type ) i've found great joy in understanding the viewpoint of my polar opposite ( essentially ) countertypes , e / istj . i know that ... yes but nonetheless do you have suggestions on softening up the stjs ? this may be too vulnerable a thing to ask for . i grapple with this . istj's are very close minded and yet also almost always correct in their area of expertise . the are so logical they perhaps forget they are humans living and working with humans ... people are incredibly irresponsible most of the time . however , when it does not hurt others , it is respectful to let the be so . as an infp i would love to add to this string . i admire xstj for being incredibly useful to themselves and others on a practical ( rubber meets the road , brass tacks , food on the table , money in the ... that idealist chapter is ideal ( pun neither intended nor unintended ) . do elaborate on the superpowers you find most , well ... super . always good to check out the other's arsenal . oh i see it's just color . never mind , just the source please didn't post , could you resend the chart please and where you found it ? thanks ! ps i think the original chart makes enormous sense after careful examination . nature is , well ... alive . that's just awesome for us . it breathes , it grows , it feels , it blooms , etc ... but unlike people to younger male infps ( to whom people are scary weird creatures from outer ... can you repost the table - didn't work this time . thanks ! [ quote = impavidus ; 9725554 ] was this question directed at me ? i couldn't tell you . i just have a vague recollection of when i first saw that table posted in another thread and the discussion ... can you explain the process ? i want to believe the results but as you know garbage in garbage out so need to be sure before i believe what table suggests . much thanks . playing with it , i certainly find many parts that make sense , but that would be true if someone likeminded made up numbers that made sense to them . so yes , curious about the origin of the data and ... c'mon hardcore rational folks , chew this up and show us your stat prowess , i am truly at a loss at the moment . overwhelmed by inconvenient feelings ! thanks , :) a quick calculation shows none of the rows or columns add up to 100 % . so all the mbti types add up to ~ 70 % ( if etypes 1-9 are summed for each specific mbti ) this makes sense - a 70 % reporting rate ... this is wonderful ! are there metrics on the sample size and how the data came about ? [ quote = michael ford ; 8886121 ] let our nerd powers combine ! dude ! captain planet is mcgyver , in look and method . fascinating . math maybe much harder for you than most people . however it may be the only way to do what you are meant to do , what will make you feel truly alive , what will actualize your creative feeling ... we do rule the world . the world within ourselves . the world that matters . a spot everyone can relate to , and for this we all owe him to bring it up for discussion . stay strong and above it all . be a 9 ... great comments here and much to learn . your problem is universal really , you just had your mom say to you outloud ( which i bet she at least somewhat regrets considering it strained your ... welcome , orionelf . we are different species ( i am an infp ) but i am a fully trained spock . waking up to my own self has been a joyful challenge . i get your point of view despite our natural ... this thread is awesome . reading with great interest . you feel at a loss . there is a man who learned 2 thousand years ago that once you feel you need nothing in life and life is nothing , you can discover that life is everything and it is yours to live ... my father is a sarek , emotions firmly bottled up . i am thus spock . i love my dad deeply and tell him often ( i must remind myself having learned from spock's mistakes , and because i feel little ... likeminded people taught you who you are . you've become a teacher of others . this process or growing and helping others grow is heaven . so more precisely , heaven was a gift from the internet to ... i spent much time frustrated over my instability of interest and mood . i found only one approach that works : give in . but wait ! doesn't that make you inappropriate and irresponsible ? only if you ... i believe infps are born that way . infp isn't practical in the real world to try to learn or adopt instead of your own personality . no one is taught to be an infp or tries to become an infp if ... i believe infps are born that way . infp isn't practical in the real world to try to learn or adopt instead of your own personality . no one is taught to be an infp or tries to become an infp if ... honey mustard . enantiodromia . this is truly valuable . when people are hit by misfortune , and lack tools to access their soul for guidance and recovery , they go on a thinking and emotional frenzy and completely exhaust ... interesting perspective . cynical and i understand you really feel strongly about it . what field are you in , if i may ask ? conscious love is mutual empathy shared by two people . it comes in every form . once each realizes the other understands , there is resonance , amplification , transcendence , in a word - love . ... '