' when i read threads like this it feels like something within me is missing and with that said i don't think i have a safety movie ; nowadays i have trouble re-watching a movie , even if i think it's ... ah , i see ; thanks for the explanation and the answer . haha , okay ; well , i'm sure i don't have aspergers but if that was what the examples looked like , who am i to argue ? scoei which would mean entj in mbti , according to the correlation page ; i also got entj when i did humanmetrics mbti-test yesterday and i've been thinking if i'm an entj and not an entp the last ... i've thought about this since yesterday and either i lack fe or i have fi in my function stack . i will give you a couple of examples and see what you think , if you decide to reply or not is , of ... hogwarts houses and mbti . mewpie well , at a certain point i'll have to stop myself and then i finish all of the pages that're open at the moment before continuing . i'm not sure if i'm distracted ( except for the times i'm ... okay , two scenarios : - when i do things i easily get side-tracked for example if i read about mbti i can read through half a page , find another link and start reading half of that page , it can ... occams chainsaw that would make sense , i thought about ti too but i wasn't really sure ; i'm pretty sure i have ti as my primary or auxiliary function . with fe as tertiary or inferior . it's the ... about a test question and how i generally deal with test-questions i doesn't know . the task was to describe constitutional monarchy with one sentence and i didn't know the answer immediately so i ... wamphyrithrall well , seems like i'm not alone then . i have a nagging feeling that i might be an estp but i'm pretty sure that's just wishful thinking because i don't see myself extroverted ... ah , that was rather interesting . i don't see myself as an ambivert though ; i guess there is a certain spectrum that could count as ambivert ( close 50 on a scale from 1-100 ) but i'm pretty sure ... wamphyrithrall well , that could make sense . the reason why i was thinking about it was curiosity if there could be any connection and because i'm wondering if i'm an e or an i at the moment ; i ... i stumbled across mbti some months ago and i did the test : got intj , i could relate to it somewhat but i started to question it when an acquaintance also got intj and even if two persons of the same ... my first thought was esfj and i don't think it changed when i kept reading . ai.tran . 75 or someone else may have a more educated guess , if they have the time and you want a second opinion that is ... - deleted - if extroverts generally write more forum-posts a day than introverts . i would probably say infp . 1 . ever since i was younger i sometimes hung out with some friends ( actual friends , acquaintances or cousins ) to get to something they had ; like playing video games or ... after reading this i'm questioning if i actually am an entp ; i couldn't really feel that anything in the text was truly spot on . i guess i couldn't really concentrate when i read it and maybe if i ... well , to be honest i second-guess my type on a daily basis when i'm in a mbti-mood however i've probably really mistyped myself only two times : intj ( i made the test , this was the result ) -> enfj ... when i signed up on this site i was fascinated that some people seem to want to embody the stereotype of their mbti-type to the point where they almost look like a caricature of their said mbti-type ... i agree . people here ( that answered my typing-thread ) thought i probably am an entp and even if i have some entp-characters i like it seems like i'm usually drawn to ( maybe istp ) estj , istj and ... if ones favorite characters have anything to do with ones mbti-type ; if there's a pattern that shows that each type are drawn to certain characters . but i'm too damn lazy to even make a thread ... isxj , maybe ? 1 . when i get interested in something i usually want to invest time in it but after the opening-phase where i have planned the project / gotten the stuff to do the project it's easy ... based on that i would probably say isfx , not sure though . 1 . i have sixteen different folders for different types of pictures on my computer . sorted so that i can find what i'm looking for ... ghostfire 01 , kitty 23 ( i thought i'd include you in this post too ) , purplegreen , dental floss tycoon ( extp guess ) and myst 91 ( enxj guess after me dismissing entp ) sums up the first page pretty ... desthro of course i did , but i figured i'd take my chances . i sure do . it seems like i may have found a place where i can feed my narcissistic side then . ;) i'm probably an extrovert and i've also stayed at home instead of hanging out with my friends ; a lot because of the fact that my friends usually do the same thing every time we see each other ; ... i should study or do something else that's productive but i'm playing hearthstone instead . so , according to people who have tried to help me with my typing have suggested entp and i'm starting to get more comfortable with the thought after obsessing about the whole mbti-subject for a ... characters . i've been thinking if it's okay according to the masses to like and enjoy characters of dubious ( or bad ) nature ? sometimes i've thought about it and wondered if i shouldn't feel shame ... v for vendetta and watchmen are two movies i enjoy a lot . maybe not what you're looking for and chances are that you've seen them but yeah , i think they're pretty interesting . watchmen is ... i'm not sure if i'm a j or a p so maybe i shouldn't answer but screw that . i'm leaning toward p though . i have a rather organizer room , it's always relatively neat and my movies are placed at one ... well , i think i'm going to say enxp ; i don't think dark humor is exclusive only to thinking types ( maybe more common though , i don't know ) and pretty outgoing is a broad description ; entp is ... same . i find it rather amusing that when i finally cried to a movie it was to a movie about an animated , old guy . want to be moved to the point of tears ? watch up . because i don't know and when it feels like i'm close or that i've found my type i start to question the results , find reasons as to why it doesn't fit , come up with theories / explanations as to why ... to know my mbti-type . finding it out is going to be the plot in the next mission impossible . i can't believe i'm saying this but ... yolo ! or like yoda would have said : ooyl . dreamer 777 thanks for the answer and for the last edit . i agree that entp might be the best fit after all ; let's use the exclusion method . ne was highest on all tests , this gives us primary = ... dreamer 777 i thought you might ask for the results so i saved the pictures ; - - - it seems like ... shorty levi yeah , i agree , despite being new to mbti i cant see intj for him at all . i would also probably put him as an extp or maybe even argue him being an enfp ( to make things interesting ) , ... i'm very curious about this typing : solf j . kimblee - intj i'm rather new to this mbti-thing so i would like to hear your arguments for him being an intj , well except for the fact that's he's ... dreamer 777 considering i realized i might be an healthy / balanced entp instead of an enfp i also did what you said and did a cognitive-function test , results was the following : extroverted ... myst 91 , dental floss tycoon and dreamer 777 forewords okay , so i waited with my answer today because i've pretty much spent the day researching , exploring , writing down functions on paper , ... sassy was the first word that came to mind when i saw your avatar . apart from that you could probably be a kind , humorous person . myst 91 test answer : sociotype : lsi - 2ti ( istj ) other possible types : sle ( estp ): 99 % as likely as lsi . lii ( intj ): 67 % as likely as lsi . ile ( entp ): 59 % as likely as lsi . considering house is the only character of them that i know of i would probably say xntx . 1 ) boromir , lord of the rings 2 ) darth vader , star wars 3 ) v , v for vendetta 4 ) sabertooth , x-men 5 ) ... myst 91 i agree that estj is the most likely of the two but i'm not going to discard the istj before i'm 100 % sure i'm not one ; i've looked into the istj-forum and i can relate to a lot of things ... l'enfant terrible ja , mein fräulein . to the next person playing : ignore this post . '