' and kanye is s to the maximum sent from my sm-g 930p using tapatalk nooo what first of all .. david bowie is an infj sent from my sm-g 930p using tapatalk chopin is an enfp 100 % sent from my sm-g 930p using tapatalk for me personally , entjs . my dad is an entj and left a horrible taste in my mouth for them . now whenever i meet one they just piss me off . their controling and tempermental tendencies bug the crap ... totally agree . i know i won't mind , neither will the intj . i'm afraid the infps feeling might get hurt at some point . but then again , she's really used to me , so i'm not sure . i just can't easily ... so , my cousin ( infp ) is coming to the states to do a year of college . as we've been looking at housing options , my boyfriend ( intj ) recommended that i move into his new place ( 1000sq ft 2 bedroom ) ... i would date the hell out of that man . that's hilarious :) you really dont have an understanding of laissez-faire economics , because that is not what happens . time to forward this one to my boyfriend , you were spot on . i'd say house is definitely an intj . wit isn't an exclusive entp quality , hell my intj boyfriend is witty as hell ( he just tends to mutter his witty retorts under his breath ) . house is far too ... i completely understand that . i was just explaining it the best i could , but it's hard to describe a persons type and reasoning to someone who doesn't know them . i never based my opinions on the ... i think from ages 2-8 , you can type a kid accurately . and then from 8 - when they pull their teenage head out of their ass they are too busy trying on different personalities to type accurately . as a ... my boyfriend feels the need to tell me because a few times that i didn't drive shen we first started dating i would end up wandering in circles before i got out of my own head long enough to realize ... my dad and i argue all the time . ( i'm entp he's entj ) . hell , just yesterday i was on the phone with him and he says the only times you do not annoy me and i do not want to argue with you is when we ... i think s and n really provide people with a different type of intelligence . both are necessary , but they are different . sensors often times have a great understanding of what is . their intelligence ... i just walk from the store and then i'm in my car . i never thought about how ( entp ) my intj boyfriend is different .. when we leave a store he tells me no , we are in the north west corner 600 yards ... my goal as a child was to be president of the us . and then my mom pointed out that i was not a natural born citizen and my dreams were crushed . so yeah , i'd take the fuck out of that job . see , i always wanted children . i mean , the opportunity to create a miniature human and mold them into a fully functioning adult ? how cool is that ? but , i don't understand why other people assume ... bartender , without all the shitty aspects . i just want to listen to peoples stories and meet all the weird asses of the world . i grew up in a family that consisted of only nt's . hostility is our only way of showing affection : rolleyes : why did you say yellow ? i was correcting him that it wasn't narcissism . i don't have anything against you , you're young and made a mistake . i've fucked up a million times , it's no big deal . it was a girl who posted pictures of two of her friends without their consent to get opinions on which friend was prettier , and she was then going to show her friends . it wasn't even her fishing for ... i'm glad you deleted the pictures , it was the right choice . not all girls do this ... but more importantly , you posted pictures of these girls on a site without their permission ? and even worse , it was for strangers online to judge their appearance ? they are pretty much equal on the scale of attractiveness . but really , who gives a flying fuck ? they shouldn't care or be fighting about this , it's ridiculous and reflects poorly on them . ahhh i thought you were saying that stupid people were fat . i was very confused . .. they're fat ? it's different , but i see your point . so many people have such a horrible understanding of the nervous system and it's very sad . i literally did have to explain to someone that our brains were not ... not necessarily . i understand concepts very well and very easily , but if someone were to give me a test filled with irrelevent details i would not do well . because although i can understand most ... ... your brain is not a muscle ... that statement hurt me very deeply ... plus , your emotions and experiences are all part of your brain anyways , so there is really nothing else you should be ... some people dislike some other people . everyone has a certain kind of person they just don't get along with , it's completely natural . everyone has conflicting traits with at least one other person ... growing up with an entj father ... i can not begin to explain how accurate that gif is ! ! ! and being an entp , that is 100 % what my mind is like ;) you did a great job haven't you seen that scarlett johanson movie where she becomes so smart she becomes part of everything on earth ? come on now , keep up with science never read a more accurate representation of my time in school . i had 2 teachers that saw something in me , and the rest would ignore my questions and say i was off topic or that it wasn't important ... yellow . my blood is the cure for cancer and 14 million people are diagnosed with cancer per year . i charge each person 10 dollars for a vial of my blood . i make a shit load of money and cure cancer ... ehh not a fan of the new one . makes me feel like i'm cheating on anthony hopkins and thomas harris , because as great as the new actor is ... he isn't as accurate to those wonderful novels as anthony ... i've definitely seen the show :) i love it :) and he's only socially awkward because he is an outsider in a very close sort of family . and yeah he shoes his emotions most strongly when relating to ... now he's my favorite intj ;) not exactly sure , but he doesn't have the social difficulties that is so typical of intjs , and he's far more feeling than an intj . he's an amazing character , and i don't have an alternate type , but ... ehh simon isn't an intj i don't think .. i don't really troll in the traditional sense . but i do really enjoy playing devils advocate . i'm one of the rare people who is exactly the same online and offline though , and i don't find trolling ... i'm not disagreeing :) i've noticed as a whole , f women are more attractive to straight men and t men are more attractive to straight women . especially to t women . idk , i rarely get along with s's . i need someone to feed my abstract thoughts , and an s just isn't right for me . idk about other entps though . but i completely agree with the rest . i swear , there will never be a better match for us than intjs . maybe infjs for a few of us , but definitely intjs for the majority . well , i dated a hyper religious guy for a few months ... but then he started telling me that god started visiting him in his room every night when he was 10 and that god commanded him to convert me ... intj , boyfriend and best friend . i don't know how to be fancy and make the video show up ... but basically , i just had to use a step stool to get in my cabinet so this song is fitting an infp . definitely an idealist i actually did that today . i was walking out of my apartment , thinking about god knows what , and next thing i know i was rolling down the stairs thinking what the fuck just happened '