' abundance of katherines by john green , and sex lies and handwriting but idk who . what atheists have you met ? o . o or heard of . etc . sure , some of them are like that , but not most of the ones i've talked or listened to . intp , and i don't really fucking know . somewhere between ... welll i'm an intp female and i find it quite nice , thank you very much , not having to deal with so much of the emotional drama of ... ... you have my deepest , unending condolences . at the very least they didn't say you think like him , eh ? amusing . :P bahaha . i have foiled your plans . aaaall the fucking time . the good guy better be damn well developed and intricate and conflicted , most importantly , or i'll be cheering for the sociopath or whatever bad guy you may have every time ... first of all , i'd like to thank whoever posted the fair to midland song earlier . you found me a new favorite band . but . for now . i don't know if this thread's been done , i don't really care . i'm just badass like that . : crazy : sue me , bish . : crazy : i'd like to know more than just your favorite song , though , because i'm a ... hayhay ! my advice would be to stay away from the intps , they can be brutal . ;) the point of course being arg - * looks at stephen's mood * cold ... ? what's this cold ? * in ... if you're doing it to get drunk , get some hard liquor , dude . * as an intp * well , personally , i don't think that higher math is necessary to learn . anything beyond algebra 1 at most ? is someone who wants to be a musician , lawyer , or psychologist really going to ... uh . i wasn't really responding to you , so . i was just mentioning a trend i've noticed among intps which is to be almost afraid of emotion , trying to avoid or stomp on it at all costs . probably ... assuming this isn't in real world land where i would probably freak the fuck out and think i'm dreaming and have some sort of disassociative mental breakdown that would shatter my ability to do ... 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte ( personally , i disliked the book . ) 4 harry potter series - jk rowling 5 to kill a ... well . just finished priest's graveyard by ted dekker , and i'm about to read dracula . like , the original one . naah . i'd rather be honest . the point of the death thing was either your relationship will end , or you will . i'm a cynic , what can i say . personally , i think suffering is not necessarily a bad ... it's an endorsement of intps not being afraid of it . :P i highly dislike it when people decide to unload upon you the mundane details of their lives or the daily gossip . no , i don't care you lost five pounds , you look as fat as ever . no , i don't care that ... guys , cut it out , why are you being so mean to the non-intps ? ttt.ttt ! ! ! time to be controversial here but ... what is wrong with an intp having emotions ? intps are humans too - we might not thrive on emotion , we might not put a lot of stock in emotion , and we might ... what are emotions , then ? they're our brains interpretation of chemical reactions . how does our brain interpret it ? i'd guess some sort of chemical reaction but really , i'm not sure . besides , this is ... emotions are caused by chemical reactions , aren't they ? well , i suppose it depends on whether you think there's a soul or not . well if you think it's bullshit , why would you want it to exist ? o . o hah , really depends on your idea of terrible . love is , literally , a drug , a chemical reaction in your brain that causes pleasure and attachment . for that pleasure and attachment , you lose a lot of ... bullshit in what way ? ... i rather like them as well . :} ahh my gawd i love this song xd you still didn't tell me your rationalization . i hope you're joking with the hippocratic oath thing , right ? what's your rationalization for being pro-death penalty when it doesn't even serve as a deterrent ? lawlz , why is gay necessary ? just say married > . < * pet peeve of mine * <3 i agree , but that's not feminism o . o that's just common sense xd ahh , well , i didn't read most of it , so . ^ . ^ uhh . the point of it being radical is that it's radical . i just see a lot of feminism these days is more about establishing a matriarchy than actual ... why do you think it's so shitty ? o . o it's true and a valid question . it's not like it's a radical feminist why are women so tramped on in today's workplace and used as sexual objects whenever men ... as long as it doesn't hurt others , it should be legal . gay marriage , polygamy , drugs , bestiality , suicide , abortion except late term . god doesn't exist . excessive egotism causes the most amount of ... you just think that . i'm trying to lure you to the dark side ;) the ability to sneak cookies into places no one expected them . about the contradiction first . i said the test itself is broad . however , it tends to make people put other people into boxes , despite the broadness of each individual type . i was warning against the ... well , he would obviously appeal to intps . unemotional , cold , calculating , but yet not devoid of personality , with a soul and a heart . not merely a robot . the way his character was constructed was ... faggot by mindless self indulgence xd but i was listening to psychology lectures from mit about 15 minutes ago so don't judge meee > . < <3 necrophilia . not really o . o that link does nothing to nullify the debate about the true merits of the mbti system . ah okay , now i get you . i also have the same problem with the political thing ... you call yourself a liberal , people automatically pigeonhole you , you call yourself a conservative , same thing ... very true . but i think you have a fundamental misunerstanding of what skepticism is - skepticism isn't the immediate rejection of everything , it is merely being willing to look at claims objectively ... well , i think mbti gives people a baseline for understanding other people , a general assessment of personality , but beyond that , i don't think so . relating and understanding to one another through ... has anyone here ever heard of howard bloom ? he is a brilliant , brilliant philsopher and scientist who is one of the few people who i've listened to that made me feel stupid . his ideas are ... i've always fancied considering myself a skeptic . i wear it as sort of a badge of honor in my own mind , something that others scoff at , but something i can use to sort of prop up my rather odd ego ... errr ... no , the reasons aren't really the same : tongue : i have only one friend who ever yells at me , and she's extremely dramatic , so i've kind of gotten past getting worried and overly concerned ... i am a teenager , so i assume it will be expected i text more than adults . er , when i can't get on the computer to talk to my girlfriend , or when i can't get on the computer and really have ... unless it's my mother ( in which case i get very annoyed and confrontational ) , i get amused . i find it funny when people raise their voices in an attempt to get me to listen when it accomplishes quite ... '