' my mind is constantly in brain storming mode - i dont always follow through but it's fun going through the motions either way . i am judgemental but not on surface level , it's pretty important to give everyone a try . but if their actions and thoughts are what i think is immoral / unethical / generally stupid then i will judge ... all the time - it comes pretty easy you just pick up on wording of sentences , tones , body language , how they react when someone walks into a room . usually i keep it to myself because it's not up to ... good friends and family , good food , good music , laughter , taking photographs , a cold beer on a hot evening , getting inspired , seeing beauty in nature / life absolutely , i am guilty of the making stories up as well , although after i was about 17 i stopped . but the acting like you didnt remember / know something is something i still do . i think a lot of ... if i am charged and wanting to be in the situation i have a blast and will be very talkative . it's nice to have a chat and get to know new people . now and then i will kind of zone out for 5-10 ... not even in the slightest . actually that's not entirely true i think my sub conscious as a kid thought everyone around me was a alien in disguise and the real person had been abducted . you could tell ... varies - i usually start straight and neat then slant to the right suddenly . this is a self portrait that is part of my photo a day project . was after a really big friday / saturday and everyone had just left my ... dont know about the ugly duckling but i had an awkward phase ( decade ) that started the end of primary school and finished after high school . i do think though that i had to just work out what ... winter , we get beautiful crisp sunny days where you can still rug up but go out and enjoy the sunshine - bliss ! i understand that , just pop the few on a playlist and go for it ... 1 . do more with photography 2 . become more successful 3 . find love 4 . have a family 5 . laugh often 6 . travel more 7 . spend more time sharing and collaborating with friends and strangers to ... recently i have initiated more conversations with people than waiting for them to start it up . at first it took a lot of pushing but now it's a bit more natural . being an extroverted introvert i ... mine is on the post your photo thread , more than happy for you to use it . sounds interesting ! find somewhere quiet , and just fall back into my regular calmness . processing for the first few minutes helps , i think to an extent i give myself advice as i would to someone who was feeling the ... ditto , i think people who i dont feel who can protect themselves are a second . i have dreams that feel hours long , generally involving people i know and all of us working together to achieve something . i had a brilliant one about 10 years ago of me and some friends ( and sara ... creative .. depends on who and where , i know sometimes if i'm not making effort to converse then just put my 2 cents in it can sometimes come off as cold and distant which can give people an intimidating vibe . ... i dont think it's a typing sort of thing , it's just a matter of the reality of the situation setting in . what is happening is a big deal and sometimes we just need to process it before we can even ... just give yourself a extra push to ask a question , make a comment when youre with people . it gets easier in time and you're almost always glad you did it afterwards . if there is a lull in ... one of my friends read something along the lines of well what can i say ? blonde , busty ... until the accident that is . now i just roam around the city collecting vermon to make my pets . i like things ... the overwhelmed factor i can relate to , haha doubt that myself or 95 % of the universe is that sweet when explaining it / reacting to it though . there is nothing wrong with the writing in general , on a dating site though it seems a bit out of place . think of it as a resume , keep it fairly simple and dont deter too far from the so tell us a ... got my little light blue toyota camry ( 93 , dont be jealous ! ) which i only brought last year and am completely in love with . i used to have a ford fairmont ( dark green ) but it was my aunt's car so ... masks aren't necessarily a bad thing , sometimes you do it to feel a bit better about yourself or to fit in . as long as you arent fooling yourself or hurting others i dont see a problem . there is also ... sometimes i feel that way ... then i hop onto facebook and realise that some people will never ever change :) i was in arrowtown in november ! are you a new zealander ? use it quite often - pretty good for networking and posting photos of my work . i delete people who irritate me and keep away from the popularity contest aspects of it all . we have family all around ... 1 ) what's your taste in music like ? what are some albums or artists that you enjoy ? eclectic , i do have albums but generally just download the song i like . it also varies day to day so not really ... lol cant say i know what you mean but oh my gosh that app is amazing ! coffee shops definitely , restaurants , the drive in's on a lawn chair with friends , night markets / general markets , my car ? haha oh no ! i would hate people doing things for me , i enjoy being independent , cooking , gardening , doing things when i see need to . i would loathe someone coming in doing them and probably feel very ... friendship , trust , respect , maturity , compromise , laughter . always lovely to have different types giving their 2 cents on matters anyway ! variety is the spice of life afterall :) everybody has people they care about , some more than others and to different extents . maybe really unhealthy people are an exception but that's for different reasons . everybody has done something ... while they are really painful it's pretty interesting seeing the wall they build up during a conversation because they aren't really paying attention to each other . if you see it happening and know ... i love entp's and was in a relationship with one for 4 years . having said that it's no one type that tires me out - it can me anyone who i spend more than a day with . it's nothing to do with anyone ... he is adorable ! i really really love the photographs in general too , use of light is top notch :) depends on the situation :) lol your please help has all us infj's running ! you know how to get our attention that's for sure ! i'm not sure about the enneagram , i like it but dont understand enough to read further into it - ... it's strange but what you guys are describing ( it's quiet and peaceful and people arent around ) is exactly how i feel in the mornings . at night our house is usually full and people are coming and ... i cant help but laugh - one of my closest friends is an esfj and drives me absolutely insane ! everything you wrote is accurate about my friend , especially in large groups i cant help but cringe when ... i think infj's could almost posses a inception style of mind reading , we get in there , pick up on the information and help / manipulate / influence the person to pick up on what they themselves don't ... sounds like you're already having doubt about her and her actions already . i'd shut it down . gosh , thats a hard question really . i'd like to have a family of my own without any concerns of health or money . not asking to be a millionaire or live forever , just that the short time i am on earth ... my aunt who is also an infj is very quiet but has a wicked sense of humor , only wears black leggings and black sweaters ( since i was a kid ) and says she will wear color once she loses weight but i ... dont worry , it's something a lot of people go through and while it's not too much fun generally it fades . i had the same thing a couple of weeks ago and after reassuring myself that there is so much ... '