' i tried to become more of a beliver , going to church with my grandparents and praying but it doesnt makes that much of a diference .. i have tried just read this thats why the reborn of the thread here . i have been a evil enfp in the past . during my last 2 years of highschool , i had quite a psycopathic behavior . i manipulated , but with ... not at all , still i cant find the awswer / cure in god , even that many can thank you i dont get this things . now that i'm ok it seems almost as it was another person making this text .. is a completly diferent side of me .. is the desperate me not the normal me .. anyway .. i will ... nope actually they help in that asspect but i have vallium prescribed too yes i know , i actually visit a social anxiety suport forum . but it seems mine is diferent from others , because they ... hey everyone . so i'm enfp and i have had a substance-induced psychochis , that i still take medication to , due mainly to cannabis abuse . so ever since the full blown psychotic episode i haven't ... i wish i could just go back in time and never do drugs . jesuz i fucked up my life even now , i was freaking out , with paranoia and wanting to leave my job to go home , that would result in beeing firing most likely , i suere i was just about to leave to hide in home , but then i ... i just dont understand how can i be crazy but i keep saying right things and making sense .. it is like this . strangers get to know me , they love me . long time friends and relatives keep away ... yes i agree with everything you said . i just have a really bad time admiting im crazy i mean i dont feel like im crazy . but everyone keeps telling me that . and that i am a pain in the ass to deal ... funny that you say that about me beeing in psychochis because i were in a psychiatrist and they prescribed me antypsicotics , she said i should take it for 2 years but i feel better without meds so i ... i also behave very childish often and people see it like i'm beeing a kid . but in my head i think , i'm only 22 and i can see reality better than most people , why do i have to behave in a certain ... hi there =) so i recently found out that i'm an enfp and also bipolar . a lot makes sense now . i always noticed that i could see / understand people beter than others . it helps me a lot , ... are you ok ? easy calm down random things to make people smile or talk i didnt do it on porpose jesuz hm glad i posted this to read your response . strangers are like friends , friends are like best friends , best friends are like lovers , and lovers are like super lovers ! ! just this ... abusing marijuana is the reason why i have so much anxiety and stress in the first place . i used to grow it . lol i'm trying to apear less crazy than i actually am . edit : acutally thats ... i dont agree . i can give so much , and just in social scenarios even if im down i normally am more social than most people . so if i really like the person , not only she brings me up but i will also ... i have never had a real girlfriend . but i have always had a ease with girls . i recently started to notice that when i talk to a older co-worker during the day , i try to persuit her heart ( as i ... i work from 9am to 7pm . only free on weekends . i get almost every working day a time where i feel miserable . but i think thats because i want a female partner , i havent had a real girlfriends yet ... i feel bad when people dont like me . i feel bad when i dont like someone that others like a lot , is like i am missing out . i had a substance-induced psychosis , due to drug ( mainly cannabis ) ... not to be boring but im much better . i think i just started to go thought my real emotions . that calms me down im much more present and i can have real connections with people now . i think i ... not to be boring but im much better . i think i just started to go thought my real emotions . that calms me down im much more present and i can have real connections with people now . i think i ... i have read about l-theanine but then i found out there arent enought studys to confirm if it is safe or not this isnt that important anyway .. maybe im a enfp maybe not .. hospitalized for what ? im never touching drugs again .. you are right i have self-esteem and identity issues but i do think i can solve this on my own . i will try to get support anyway . i'm still doing medication the thing is that i dont really know if ... lets see .. if i break it down into its simplified components , it will not hold its meaning . - lol ok . when you have moved up that one step , ix92m certain it will introduce itself with ... lol what do you mean ? i become stressed just by interacting with stressed people . by having bad discussions with people . by having to much time with nothing to do in my job ( normally start to talk a lot in this cases ) .. sou portugues ! de portugal hey everyone . i have been prescibed vallium to help me with me anxiety and stress . i get stressed really easily . and the worst is that when im relaxed i'm super positive and im pretty much the ... the hacker news - - google it owned.com facebook.com tubepleasure.com - - - i am quiting porn tho , i think it is more negative than positive . still the best porn site i know . most people consider me super inteligent , like one step behind genious . i never had my iq mesured tho , and honestly i dont belive in that .. also it is my theory that inteligence is like a ... please some 1 explain me this i can relate to all , is it normal ? how they tend to relate their past experiences to understand the person they are today i didnt saw that part well you must be right the weird thing is that i have done the test in ... i now read the infj and i really relate to this : i quickly pick up on sincerity and withdraw if the person is superficial or obviously doesn't care . when i see people who abuse their power or won't ... is it possible that i'm not 100 % anything ? that i dont have a personality type at all , but several aspects of several types instead ? i try to be as honest as i can . not only in this tests but also with people . i never lie . or at least almost never . i lied like 2-3 times this last year . i know exacly wich lies and why i lied . but ... i really dont know . i have been really outgoing ever since i was a child . but i started to develop a shy side due to changing town several times . i was always the golden boy of the family . after a ... what the lol about the hacking and stuff thing ? also if you check the tyler the creator interview with larry king , you may get what im talking about when i say he is similar to me . of course you ... thank you for your responses about reading the book , thank you but i prefer to do things like getting work done or socializing more , as the more you do things the better you get at them so . thats ... hi , im a 22 years old intp male . throughout my life the majority of the people have seen my as an enfp . only my closest family like my father and brother know me better . my family sees me as ... actually just found out what my problem is . im not a enfp , i'm a intp that trys / acts like a enfp . i used to transmit so much love and happiness . i would conquer peoples heart and trust almost imediatly . everyone loved me and i loved them back . we would life and be sincerely happy together . ... short version : i am recovering from a substance induced psychochis , due to drug abuse . no one loves me the way i used to be loved . and i just dont know how to be me again . details : '