' stewart lee on immigration . what's wrong with worshipping a tree ! ! i have just discovered stewart lee . for all the adults out there and those who especially love english comics , this guy is brilliant . i couldn't focus enough to read and comprehend this post . hehehe i made you a pun : smilies : anxiety is a slippery eel . it's very hard to get a handle on and manage . it's not rational but a physiological response . even if you identify the origins or evolution of it formining within you it ... i would love to play panda hahahaha ! i cannot answer the poll because i cannot make up my mind . i fantasize and love the wop wops and the ' idea ' of it . but in reality i'd probably be shit scared . when in remote areas i'm afraid of the ... president trump . still sounds weird . do you feel an affinity toward nature ? do you have a strong connection to it ? lol . that has been a topic of many local message boards where i live . it depends on the area , what your pj's look like , how many people are there etc . for me , i would . but i don't wear conventional ... finding this low key simple rock song really catchy . can't help moving my feet side to side and swaying . there's a really nice instrumental guitar solo around 4.10 sec which makes me nostalgic for ... you think at a glance that this is supposed to be modern art 636698 ... before you click on the larger image to see that it's a dishwasher part ( dish drawer lid pump motor - as described in the ... very clever , very funny , well done all of ed sheeran's music makes me want to throw up . tame impala lol fredward , dog's ears perked up now it's making him all sleepy 626442 happy new year . i win . : rolleyes : are we supposed to live in a meritocracy ? there isn't really such a thing as we aren't all born on level playing fields . and anyway , that seems like a sort of christian story book . do good and you ... in the ' olden days ' didn't they were clothes many days in a row ? maybe weeks , months ... a lifetime ? i change my outfit every day and sometimes more than once a day and wash after everything's worn ... no it's not some bias of mine that i just made up . it was an article that i read a week or so ago that was primarily about the psychology of why people vote the way they do . apparently lefties were ... this makes me think of my fantasies i would have about winning the lottery . what i would spend the money on , imagining dividing it up between all my hearts desires . and family :/ deep down i would ... apparently left leaning people are more open minded . i do agree . i have socialist ideals . what pains me most in life is to witness suffering and being powerless to provide any relief . i would ... ' normal ' thread . hmmm yes . leave that there . just nice take me on a trippy please love netsky , can't help feeling high and dancing  video does my head in a bit but i love it yes i do that . also i find myself acting so many different parts ( none of which has really any substance ) that i'm not sure what the ' real ' essence of me is . i seem to be an ever changing persona ... anyone have an alcoholic in their life ? me too . if i didn't , i would blush very often . i'm very open but luckily i have my world armour on most of the time in order to protect my vulnerable sensibilities . eeewww dominos is discusting . but yes . that bland . i had a dream that i met headofhudet and he was in his bedroom playing ' take on me ' ( aha ) bahahaha . talk about sterotypical dream . : m0827 : i don't really understand the distinction between envy and jealousy . if my best friend won the lottery i'd be envious and jealous . i would probably use both words to describe the same feelings . ... i went skiing today : yeah : whoops , duplicate post , so i'll write something else instead . it's feckin ' very scary to me that the us will treat a 10 year old as an adult for murder . the child asked ( after his deed ) ... nell ermagahd i can't believe you haven't refreshed your avatar since i've last been here . : shame :: redcard :: sour : : wink : lonewaer good to hear . i have the word ' sense ' repeating in my head now ... no , just memories . i'm dumb so what it looks like to me is that lots of intelligent information comes in and how i process it is like a toddler with the output being some messy abstract line drawing art . but with you , ... in your home or room ? and at work or school , do you work in a sea of mess , chaotically from one task to another without finishing but going back and forth ? i know they're different questions ... thanks spookysprite for remembering me . i've been dog / housesitting and i dunno really , why i've not been here . it would be nice to have a sense of camaraderie from this place . i know there is that ... lonewaer last time i was here there was nothing like this from you so i don't know what's happened . just some thoughts : who cares who's supporting you and who's not . that should not be your concern ... that picture looks like you're calling me dumb ! ! ! : angry : :d rooling : just heard on george fm . it is indeed beautiful lolz i know aye . yukkk , it's probably the worst we've got to deal with down here in hobbitland and they're not too common . i see one about once a year . i've had to google whether they can fly . i ... yeah , what's mgtow toolshed ? um i think each individual's experience is definitely valid in making opinions . oh yes , china is oh so harmonious that they carry out executions . your dinner anecdote was ridiculous as some kind of ... nell can't find your post now ... the one that says between all the ... threads what was the mgtow toolshed ( or something ) one ? '