' i'm way too forgiving . i am not a door slammer . i will walk away from a person or a relationship when it's painfully clear they don't want me in their life . other than that , i have only walked out ... this has happened with me before too . i tend to open up a lot to people and gauge how responsive they are to what i'm saying . i agree with the posters above that it was probably 1 ) your good ... i'll try and find the names of some of those essays . : laughing : this reminds me of a controversy that happened when i was doing my masters in university . some kid kicked up a ruckus about the blatantly objectifying material we had to read . she had signed up for ... i feel a bit useless these days . dispensable . like no one gives a shit what i do or where i go . i come home past 10 pm one night and my parents don't even care i was out so long , they don't even ... like someone else said , banning books is a more serious form of repression and hegemonic thinking ! you need to tell us what this reading material was . a lot of shakespeare , a lot of greek tragedy , a lot of modern 20th century writing - a lot of literature from every age has references to sex and ... i think i'm a little like kate ... cats ... books ... sigh : happy : oh wow ... these are really good ! the first thing i thought of when i saw the bolder lines was scott pilgrim , hahahaha ! ! i'm a huge fan of scott pilgrim . you're really talented ! : kitteh : will keep ... what do you do when someone you really have a crush on is busy crushing out on someone else ? : crying : i didn't think it would feel this gut-wrenching but it does . : sad : i have a colleague who complains about the same thing with a few of her 2nd grade students as well . so we put these slow learners in one room together and she and i taught them using clapping ... i'm fed up . i don't know if i'm expecting too much or if i'm just not up to the mark . i'm tired of waiting and i'm tired of trying . i can't make myself any clearer than i already have . i'm tired of ... sorry for the double post , but i couldn't resist saying : blake's the tyger is about the ruler of mysore , tipu sultan , who was called the tiger . he was defeated by the british in the anglo-mysore ... i love poetry ! robert frost , pablo neruda , sylvia plath , dylan thomas , william wordsworth , john keats and emily dickinson are my absolute favourite poets of all time ! a dust of snow robert frost ... well , i stayed in university for five years so this list is based on my experience alone . i love ( d ) - - lots of things about university life that i can't continue doing now that i'm living at home : ... haha , that's the only thing i can make well - - a fluffy phulka :P i try to teach myself to cook sometimes , but my mother doesn't like it if i mess up her kitchen . my cooking skill is very sad . i can ... a cat makes his own home , he doesn't necessarily follow his owners . so he thinks the first place is his . i suggest you lure him back home with a dish of food outside your new front door , so he ... well , i got into teaching ... i don't teach little ones , though . i teach high school and higher secondary : s ( grades 9-12 lol ) . this is my first teaching job as well , and i'm overwhelmed in just ... i was just beginning to feel sorry for myself tonight ( no one loves me , i'm lonely again , etc . ) when the prospect of a great weekend with a friend came up . his message was hey my place is ready ... lonely as fuck . i usually curl up every night and imagine them with me and cry myself to sleep that way . none of my crushes ever seem to have the slightest interest in me . : crying : a lot of these sound like me . i have smething to add . so i go to a store with my dad to buy a flash drive . the red one is 16 gb and the pink one is 4 gb and they're both priced the same . the red ... yeah me too , i'm horrible at outward displays of affection . i'm a cold-hearted bitch and save my xoxo only for people who deserve them . :d ry : fuck it , i'm crazy about this one person and i wish he could just take me in his arms and kiss me already . i just finished reading norwegian wood and i wish i had a toru , someone who loved me with ... well , there was another scene today . i think i've finally got to the root of this , although that doesn't make it any easier for me to control my anger . i have figured that my parents just ... this was really good to read . the suggestions are very real and things i can relate to . i was a teenager when my brother's illness was diagnosed , and it took a long time for them to accept something ... nope it's not english . the correct form is drowned - the past tense of drown : shocked : lol . no . i was an irritable teenager . well , not irritable , just quiet and unresponsive . long version every weekend is a nightmare in my house because both my parents are home and i'm convinced i hate them . my pov when i have an outburst : my dad is too hard on me and often ... i love this thread ! i have a pinterest board with images just like this ... that i can look at , sigh about , and wish i was there . : sigh : diphenhydramine this is something you can answer ! i liked my room mate in university . we both liked staying up late , she was quiet and thoughtful and would spend most of the day doodling or writing in her diary , and we both love animals , so every ... today i saw a very cute sight . a student of mine , a 13 year old boy , was spontaneously affectionate with his mum . i was sitting across the table from his mother and talking to her about her son's ... yes , that's correct . lesson 2 : your and you're your = belonging to you . you're = you are . the apostrophe means that letters are missing and it's a contraction . thus , you are becomes ... dph's last word brings us to effect vs . affect . effect is a noun . alcohol has a bad effect on me . affect is used in its most common form as a verb . uv rays affect the skin . these ... : sad : i don't want to believe that my ex will never be the one . i live in a different country from him now , but my feelings for him are as strong as ever . i haven't really gone on dates or ... i'm a bit like you . if i could have , i would have cut off all ( or most ) contact and tried to move on without ever thinking about my ex again . but he didn't want that . i was angry , too , very angry - i ... you can if yo're doing the the international-gcse curriculum . i'm not sure about any other curriculum , but maybe ib has the same thing ( not sure ) . but if you want to do igcse , yes , you can be an ... jennywocky thanks for that . not that i paid much attention to it before , but the gossip is that she got bad feedback from the kids last year because she is too strict . i don't know what kind of ... how can i stop taking what's known as constructive criticism so personally ? i have a horrible flaw , and that is to immediately get defensive whenever someone says something that makes me feel ... crying things out is a great solution for me . also bitching about someone to your mum ( but immediately listing all the reasons you think they're awesome , basically arguing with yourself while ... i'm not too insistent on beauty routines , but i do like to feel girly and pretty . so i go in for regular eyebrow-threading , waxing my limbs when they need it ( and if i need to wear something that ... my brother talks like this when he's psychotic ( he's bipolar ) but more likely your ex was drunk or high ... or he just plain got his facts mixed up . don't worry too much ! * hug * # 1 i just hate fair weather friends . friends who come to you only when they're lonely or in trouble or want something from you . friends who just dismiss you the rest of the time like you're not even ... the two things i bolded : wanting to leave the country , and , to a lesser degree , wanting to join my boyfriend ( now ex ) in a country on the other side of the globe from me ... these two aspirations were ... your grades have fallen from 70s and 80s to less than 20 . you need to take this slow , mm . you might get bogged down with the administrative processes between now and september . you really need a ... monsieur melancholy i spent 3 years in university fucking around filing appeal after appeal for an extension while i was doing my m.phil . the first half of 3 years is granted to everyone ( 1 1/2 ... : lack of sex for 15 years doesn't mean the marriage is dead and that is not why he is leaving , he is leaving because of all the other feelings of emptiness this relationship has left for him . i ... the ones i bolded , but i'm also too friendly and open at times , and lack diplomacy and tact in certain situations . i'm always saying things i think about later and think oops uh oh ! : blushed : and i ... everything i've bolded in your list , and with a real emphasis on resilience . i'm afraid i give up too easily , i fold way too soon . i'm terrified that i won't be able to handle it if something big ... '