' 1 . yes 2 . yes 3 . not in public , so yes . 4 . not in public , but yes . 5 . not in public , so yes . 6 . yes 7 . sometimes 8 . yes . 9 . yes . 10 . oh my god yes . pain usually doesn't affect me too badly , but i'll sure as hell bitch about it to get what i want . i know you social butterflies have done it , too ! ! ! tell me stories so i feel less bad ! ! ! people help , but when i'm depressed , i'm usually too apathetic to make the effort to hang out with anyone . i usually just lock myself away and listen to music . well defended . but i will say that french has about one third of the words english does , and they seem to know how to get a point across ? i wonder what a new letter would look like ... i think there's a misunderstanding here . yes , i'm a people pleasing kind of person , but i don't think it's inauthentic at all . i'm not trying to manipulate anyone . i have a genuine desire and ... because we're the foundation for society . we deal in emotions . we get people's shit straight so they don't become depressed robots . not a real answer , but i'm digging your critical mind aishwarya . i'm a dancer . ... it's great . i can relate to this thread really well . yes , on in the inside , all i ever really wanted was that perfect romance . sometimes i'll lay in my bed before i go to sleep just imagining different ... every morning before i leave , i go through the same exact process of looking for the following : 1 ) phone 2 ) keys 3 ) wallet 4 ) headphones 5 ) jacket sometimes i get distracted by the ... i've been waiting for a thread like this for a while . i'm a fairly ( really ) effeminate man , so femininity to me is something that i find particularly profound . i have a natural instinct towards ... this will happen to me every now and then . i usually just drink alcohol . i can't tell you how many people i've talked to who all of a sudden became fascinating after a few drinks . i have this weird thing that if i sleep with someone they're going to take my creativity from me through my vagina , lady gaga said this a while back . is it weird that i understand it perfectly ? ... for a while a few months ago , i was feeling more and more like an entp every day . then again , i just noticed my own use of the word feeling like a thinker . sometimes i feel like a different ... pm me , too . i would like something like this . i'm sure i can figure out wordpress . i'll make an account as soon i'm hopefully accepted ! i can't say a worry so much as i dwell . i dwell on everything that ever happens . i don't really worry , i just think about shit . it sometimes leads to worry , but not all the time . i like meditating . with or without any spiritual belief , i still find it a relatively logically sound practice . it's pretty enjoyable , too . when i was younger i was very much into the idea of chakras ... i'm going to be blunt : 1 ) he cheated on you twice ( implying that he lied to you . who knows what else he's lied about ) . he doesn't love you , he is simply infatuated with you . infatuation never ... i said 70-80 % . i love being alone and having time to myself , but whenever i'm with people i can be very social as well . i could have easily said 60-70 % also , maybe even 50 . it's a little more ... water ... : sad : i actually eat really healthy most of the time . dieting is one of the few things where i'm really strict on myself . ... except a few months ago when i ate a whole pint ... hahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah . aaahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhaha . yes . i noticed that not only do i crush ... pessimism aside , there was always something about christmas that i just thought was a bit ... forced ? i'm the type of person who sees something at a store his friend would like and buys it , ... i honestly have sooo many high posts on this forum ... typically , when someone is being extroverted around me , my interaction with them depends on their sincerity . i have friends who are very extroverted , but i love being around them because i can ... last year my cousin was shot and killed , and i remember sitting there when my mom told me and not feeling anything . for a while , i felt really bad that i didn't feel anything . i felt almost like i ... i've always been a modernized disco fan , and i just discovered this song the other day and have been listening to it non-stop : youtube - chromeo - night by night video he dances so well . i am a feminist through and through ( i just can't respect someone who isn't an equal rights supporter ) and completely proud of it . most people i've talked to who don't agree with feminism don't ... like when i lost 50 pounds ? yes . dance parties are practically enfp central . i went to a simple party once where everyone was standing around doing nothing , and i popped in a cd that i burned ... i once did a 5 page english term paper starting at three in the morning and ending when the sun came up . procrastination is a disease , and the only way i know how to deal with it is to deny myself ... i didn't ask for anything specific from anyone this year . i'm curious to see how well people know what i'll like . unfortunately , this usually doesn't turn out well , but i'm keeping my hopes up ... i usually just make the bed and move everything that's on the floor to the closet . if it looks clean , it's clean . youtube - wig in a box ( from the movie hedwig and the angry inch ) 1 . i was happy with my life , but i honestly had maybe met two people in my life who could be enfps , and i grew up in an sj family , so while i didn't think there was anything wrong with me , i ... i was never really the in-your-face rebellious type . i suppose not getting involved at all is my way of not conforming . people who are rude / bitchy not for any real reason , but just for the sake of it . when people do this , i make it a point to stop responding to them . ^ ^ ^ i know a salon that can do that for you . who needs rage when you have product ? ? ? honestly , the first thing i thought when i read the first paragraph was why are you not writing in purple ! ? ? ! ? ! ? ! but on topic : for me it's sort of an ass backwards system . i don't really have a ... experiencer first , innovator second . i guess i'm really not shocked anymore when someone does something people would consider bad , or evil . honestly , i just really hate the entire good vs . bad idea in the first place . i've done things ... i usually can spot people who are faking mainly because i'm pretty good at discerning motives . when someone does something , i'm likely to be able to understand why they did it . if i recognize you're ... in high school i was the crazy , funny guy , but like shine said , smart and lazy . i pretty much never did homework , but also never got lower than a b in any of my classes . i really can't say i had any ... i've done this a few times in the past . i had a friend who was becoming really close to me , and i wasn't really ready for it . he was an esfp , and i guess i became a sort of support system for him ... i'm on board with mostly everyone here . i'm definitely a melody guy . electronica is probably my personal favorite , but a good song is a good song either way . i've had rap and country music phases in ... i can relate to this so well it's scary . great post , this was exactly what i needed to read right now . i've always had a thing for birds , and this may seem odd , but i've always just thought that vultures were just too cool for school . i mean , it's ... here goes ! mamma mia - abba cryin ' - aerosmith i don't like your band - annie my turn - basement jaxx gimme more - britney spears trouble sleeping - corinne bailey rae voyager - daft punk ... i am desperate ( desperate ) to learn to play the harmonica right now . no , you're not alone ! : happy : don't judge me , but when i was younger i was fascinated with kill bill , and i can do everything gogo does in this fight ( except get bashed in the head and take it like a champ ) . ... '