686618 this is from my trip to japan last year . fulfilled a lifelong dream . as i write , i see what i'm saying . i see lights effecting my mind . i take my time seeing what you see . what do i see ? i had this thoughts of writing stories and expanding beyond its imagination ... dreamer's peak snow rustles above the pine winter's chill takes it hold in mid-july rim of the world surrenders secrets from the universe above barren landscape surrounds with the sunlight ... bleached fields sheets of white drape the earth below endless blanketed cities scape and reach towards the stars shores turn into canyons with glimpses of the solid beneath forests ... i've had this dream to go to japan for more than 16 years . second would be the buffalo , ny area . just love i've not felt a connection like this before , but i feel conflicted because if i pursue her , my other dream might take years before it can become realized instead of next year . i feel like i'm at my ... i would say both too . i loved watching the behind the scenes documentaries from the lotr movies . sleepless . act on my feelings . just plain hopeful . there would be a lot i would do . invest and travel , yes . help family , of course . though , something similar to others here , i would help others . to be more specific , i want to help those who shut ... hehe ... a name i developed maybe 14 years ago now . it's based on my real name's meaning and the season i was born in . or in other words red and spring . also , thanks ! that's fine , again , take your ... 300282 very recent photo taken by my friend at a restaurant . there's so many ! adagio for strings maurice ravel - pavane for dead princess authenticity / exploration famous people of your type : ellen degeneres , actress and comedienne isabel briggs myers , creator of myers-briggs ben gibbard , songwriter death cab for cutie here ’ s ... i started kendo today . i don't know if infps are more apt in it than others , but i wanted to grow outside of where i am now and re-learn perseverance . this has been my life in terms of love . these thoughts gave me a little perspective on decisions i made when i was younger when i felt love for never loved back and girls that may have loved me , but ... it seems i just discovered mine just a few minutes ago . i write poetry . i love doing this . this is something i keep secret . something for her eyes only . i've not met her yet like others here , but i love writing to her . it's one of those things that keeps me hopeful . i ... i like the theme of not giving up hope in this one . i've been in a jazz mood lately . you are 66.7 % good . you are 30.8 % lawful . alignment : lawful good i started writing my story a few years ago . i took advice from a friend who's an author . he said to make time everyday for writing . 10 minutes . 30 minutes . whatever . you are going to suck some days ... in a short answer , yes . i've imagined several things i would teach my kids and see them grow . this one is a very complicated answer for me . i was raised mormon . i was told what to believe and i accepted it for a long time . i was introduced into mainline christianity in my teens . ... 38 . a lot of people think i'm 28 or 30 . i don't feel my age either . though thankful i made it this far . i have no doubt that i would enjoy it immensely and looking forward to that day . however , there is no possibility for me for casual sex . i'll never put myself in a position where it's an option . i ... english was my worst subject in school . i couldn't write . i had no originality . i hated grammar . i couldn't write any stories . my most embarrassing moment was giving a presentation in english class ... i took this one and it said i was isfj . though every other test i take says i'm infp . i saw another test that was interesting and wanted to share that result . this one has 144 questions jung ...  208242 i'm feeling the exact same as lola on this one . star wars galaxies . back when it started , and before combat revamp , it was one of the best mmos out there . i would go back to my main profession of architect . i'd put a few pieces of furniture and ... today , i'm feeling happy . sitting in the living room of my best friend . haven't seen family in years , but i feel like i'm home . i spent a day with an infj and that was one of the best days i've had in a very long time . i've not really opened up like i did that day or really since . i've had a naive dream for a very long time . i want to go to japan and hike for miles and miles across the country . though i didn't want to hike alone . i wanted to find my lifelong soulmate and wife ... i've had this happen to me often . recently , my car broke down and i couldn't feel anything and i froze.my emotions were gone as well . i had a very delayed reaction when my grandpa died . i couldn't ... i was reading this thread right before i found out my younger brother is entj . we got along sometimes , but there were times we didn't get along at all . things changed when i was about 17 . learning ... sad . there are times when this seems implausible that someone exists who can understand me so much to the point of being a soulmate . i think some people actually find theirs and they've been waiting their ... oh my . i've been at this very place so often in my own past . i couldn't let go of many thing in my past . i feared staying in the present to face my reality . i thought often who i was in the past and ... i've had to pick up clues throughout my life to understand this part of my life . just being around someone that means a lot to me means much more to me than anything else . when i was 5 , i ... 10 quality time 7 physical touch i was in that situation as well a few years ago . ever since then , i've been filling my life with other things . i've been following my dream and learning how to write stories and develop my novel ... it's been so long since i cried . last time it was more than just a few tears , it felt it was like 4 years ago . sometimes i guess , i hide these emotions from even myself . that i should have an ... : happy : i wanted to write something random and i love that this forum is open . i hope this kind of post is okay . it's not really a specific topic , but i feel it's extremely infpish and that's why i wanted to ... 10 minute writing prompts helped me a lot . i attend a critique group every month and this is our leading activity . the ideas i come up for new stories from these prompts also helped me create a short ... my best friend is an entp . i've known him for about 21 years . it's very rare for us to get into any arguments and we get along very well . in fact , he's more like a brother than anything . we have ... hmm ... i've not put a lot of thought into what my ideal woman would be . just random thoughts about the topic . i guess the thought of what type i'm attracted to and an idealized version of a woman ... i'm a fan too . i used to watch much more often when i was younger . i loved the themes of some shonen genre anime . most often the protagonist leads an ordinary life and thrown into extreme situations ...