' i am so sick of basing everything i do off what people might think about me i write with my right hand , but do almost everything else ( sports ) with my left . but then there are sports like tennis and bowling , where i really don't think i have a strong hand , just two equally ... i know a few istps and they are all pretty cool people . the one i'm most familiar with sometimes has problems with sensitive people ( like myself lol ) . he can be an asshole unintentionally , but he ... i'm 19 and i've never had a girlfriend . i used to worry about it a lot ( still kinda do ) , but then i realized that it really doesn't matter . if i found a girl who had never dated before , i wouldn't ... chris mccaughan of the lawrence arms / sundowner beautiful lyrics .. imo he can't be anything but infp it sucks . i never really develop feelings for a girl until i'm close friends with her . and by then they're willing to say anyone would be lucky to date you , but they are never willing themselves . here is my last.fm , it's a pretty accurate display of my music taste .. beasdd ? s music profile ? users at last.fm the lawrence arms - fireflies minus the bear - get me naked 2 : electric boogaloo ... hufflepuff - 13 ravenclaw - 11 gryffindor - 10 slytherin - 10 always figured i would be in hufflepuff or ravenclaw . intj friend 5 minutes ago : you're one of those people that can just love everybody . makes me feel so good : happy :: happy : i don't like to stereotype .. but most estjs i know are kinda closed-minded . but hey , infps have tons of bad stereotypes and lots of them don't apply to me : tongue : for me , the hardest part about school has always been paying attention and motivating myself . whenever i actually give myself time to study or complete an assignment , i normally get it done much ... growing up , i would root for the bad guys instead of the super hero . not because i'm evil , but i hated seeing the corny super hero beat the bank robber every single episode . i wanted something new ... i do very easily , especially with other nfs . i think i am naturally drawn to them . i find that i'm much more comfortable connecting with people more introverted than me . when someone is more ... i think a lot of people might see me as a snob . i have been told i thought you hated me ! so many times now . i guess it's because when i meet new people i tend to just stick around my friends . for fans of 90 ' s emo , pop punk , and indie . such an incredible ep all around has anyone seen it's kind of a funny story , or read the book ? i found that i related really well with the main character . not only with his personality , but i've gone through similar things as him ... typing my family members has been like the hardest thing for me . i'm curious , so any opinions would be great . i'll start with what i think is the easiest one : older sister ( 21 ): growing up ... whoops , didn't mean to post in here i always thought fry was really similar to some isfps i know , what are the reasons he would be an e ? i don't really pretend to be stupid .. i guess i do sometimes for laughs . lots of people seem to think i'm stupid though . there have actually been a lot of times where someone told me something like ... yeah , i had a tough time deciding whether i'm infp or enfp . i agree that it must be about the descriptions a lot of infps on here seem wayyy more introverted than i am . in some ways ... omg that is extremely weird .. i almost thought you were one of my best friends ( an infp ) because what you said is so spot on ( aside from the skateboard thing ) he was kinda fat in hs and another ... i completely agree .. i really can't get turned on at all if i can tell the girl is faking ( porn included lol ) rpgs ( strong fantasy based ones especially , ex : elder scrolls ) , zelda , pokemon ( yes ) , old school nintendo games . halo and cod are fun too and super smash brothers ! i am the king ! seriously , ... you are not alone ... wow , i feel like i could have written that . i have fallen hard for about 3 people in my life .. but none of them have ever shared the feelings ( as far as i know .. never told any of em ) . i'm still not over the most recent .. if love exists , i ... i love singing , and i have an amazing ability to remember lyrics . maybe it's the ne , but lyrics just kind of come to me as i'm hearing the song .. like , i couldn't write lyrics down to most songs , ... thanks for the replies . i figured i am probably infp , i just wanted a final assessment . but if one of the infps that i know actually is infp , i feel that there is no way i am . though now i'm ... enxp or enfj this is going to be a rant it took me like two days of writing i don't know if i am .. i feel that i do relate to the profile , but there are definitely a lot of things i don't see in myself . i ... i am very close to 4 esfps 2 of them are compulsive liars and can be flaky .. they get on my nerves sometimes the other 2 don't really lie and are pretty dependable . but all of them are ... my dad is an infj ( i think ) . i love him but i always have felt like he's held something back .. or maybe i never spent enough time with him . he has always been there for me , and always stuck up for ... i love scary weather <3 <3 : laughing : all i do is party . ah , ah , ah , ah hmm .. i too have had my share of psychic things happen to me . back in the day i was in a band with my brother and two of our friends . one of them had joined the band right before a 3 month ... idk , i guuess my dream world is more or less just me imagining a scenario and feeling it . i don't really attempt to visualize and if i do it's just important things ( like the people there .. idea ... i wonder if she thinks about me too . and i wonder if i confuse her as much as she confuses me . and i'm sick of blowing every chance i have to move on . : sad : bands : the lawrence arms cursive brand new saves the day bear vs shark songs : fireflies - the lawrence arms forever longing the golden sunsets - the applessed cast i always hang out at friend's houses .. or have them at mine . i really only don't want to go if i am busy doing something myself or if there will be many people that i don't know there . though ... haha i know what you're saying .. i have done that ! kind of like when you see a word so much that it starts to look like the wrong spelling . like one time i just couldn't believe that ' shoes ' was ... ( idk if this post was directed at me ) she isn't seeing someone , but one of my guy friends is * obviously * into her . he is much more forward in pursuing girls than i am , but she doesn't really seem ... meeting new people : 5 ( at first i try hard to be outgoing with new people ) with people you know but not well . 7 with your group of close friends . 3 with you closest friend . 2 enfj and esfp this is so helpful .. yes she does laugh a lot with me , even at things i say that really aren't very funny . part of me really wants to go for it , but there are some weird circumstances involving ... * * * sorry to hijack this thread .. but .. wow ... this post .. i too have fallen for one of you amazing enfjs .. i can't tell if it's just wishful thinking or not , but i definitely think i see this ... some garbage song on the radio where i work : frustrating : but in my car i was jamming to through being cool by saves the day - what a classic that album has some of my favorite lines .. like ... lol , i wish i could find people this interested in me irl ... i am addicted to cigs and caffeine . probably psychologically dependent on weed too because i smoke it pretty much every day . i drink sometimes , but i never really think about it .. i only do it when ... shallow ten i think this is right . i was somewhat picked on growing up , but i don't think it was much more than the average kid . i think it just hurts us more because we're more sensitive / emotional . '