' i'm alwayyys either early or on-time , it's extremely rare for me to be late for anything . it clashes a little with my intj girlfriend who is always extremely late , but we make it work i considered doing a liberal arts degree , in music or history , but i chose actuarial science because of my strong love of maths and statistics , i've struggled a little to balance this out with my ... definitely , some of my biggest misconceptions about my life and the people and situations in it tend to come about when i'm going to bed , my reason has already gone to sleep and can't keep my ... haha , i meant spaceships capable of interstellar travel welcome to the forum ! either medieval times so i could become a knight , or the distant future when we have spaceships and things ! actually , it'd probably be the spaceships , i'm a bit of a sci-fi nerd at heart maths just clicks with me , i'm an actuarial student , so lots of probability and stats for me ! my tip : remember there's not only one way to get to the answer ... there's many different ways to get ... i accept your challenge ! :) isn't it just the best place in the world ? ! i need my alone time , some time to sit in the sun and read a book or something similar , otherwise i get worn out , but that being said i need to be with people as well , otherwise i get worn out ;) ... only two of us from victoria ? poor form guys ! a corruption of my name that my workmates made up , kinda like it though , it suits me in a strange way :) welcome to the forum ! ! =) actuarial studies , i like maths and business applications , good fit for me :) t-shirt and shorts , nothing too fancy ! which season is your favorite and why ? how are you today ? what are you thinking of right now ? how do you feel right now and why ? i'm a little tired and sick today , stayed up too late finished assignments and studying ! texting my ... most of the time i don't even remember that i even know things , and then as soon as the question or topic comes up , all of a sudden it's just there , like its been hiding somewhere deep in my memory , ... deadlines are essential for me to get things done unless i really really really love it , i was doing a side project for work a while back , and it was taking me a while to get things done until i ... i would really like for there to be life out there , sometimes i look out at the stars and wonder if there's anyone else , billions of miles away , looking back and wondering the same thing ? but i ... i play flute / clarinet / sax / piano , and i probably discovered how much i loved music when i was 15 , i'd been playing for a couple of years , but i met a friend who had a real passion for classical and ... i also have similar feelings , and intuit , that word is a good one , superficial . everything seems to have lost it's true value , friendships and relationships are cast aside for one night stands , i ... pay attention in class , and if you have a good memory this makes all the difference ! but for study , short , focused bursts , and then go and do something exciting , and then come back for another ... maths would by far be my favorite subject , and my best , it just appeals to my mind , however english also does , so i sit somewhere in the middle between the two subjects ! completely agree , often so deep in thought i walk past people even when they stop and yell at me ... probably a habit i should get out of :P you make me smile i think this would make me feel the best , and help my sense of self-worth , with the notable exception of i love you =) i'm a lyrics guy , no matter how fun or catchy a melody / rhythm is , i can't stand it if the lyrics mean nothing . that said , i also very much enjoy instrumental music , so i guess my thinking is , ... melbourne here ! ! =) looks like we're both wrong haha ! that match was such a let down ... how'd you know ? ! i was dying for a drink ! :P :P welcome ! hope you enjoy it here =) one thing i always find interesting is that the most important thing is quality of study rather than quantity , as i know people who study for hours upon hours on end , while i study at most an hour to ... 1 . music and football are my two great loves ( manchester united / melbourne victory ftw ! ) 2 . the shadow of the wind by carlos ruiz zafon is my favorite book 3 . when i'm sad , i'd like a hug , when i'm ... shoot cans off hay bales with him while rocking out my isfj friend always lets me finish , and often joins onto my thought process ( its taken her a while to get it but she learnt ) , but apart from that most people get bored ... or just tune out entirely ! welcome ! hope you like it here ! thanks mate ! and it is fair nice over here , lots of stuff to do :P i kinda follow hawthorn ( when they win ;) ) but i'm really a soccer supporter , melbourne victory ftw ! who's your bet for the ... isaac shepard piano music is amazing for study , pleasant to the ear but not too distracting youtube - before dawn - isaac shepard and the like people and puddles - isaac shepard no youtube link , but can check it out at his website =) if i don't get it out , it'll stay there forever and a day making me feel horrible ! i just need someone to listen to me , a hug ( strangely very very important to me ) and then once i feel better someone ... best thing : winning our futsal final 9-4 worst thing : realizing how unfit i am ! =P afternoon miss adelaide ! sorry it's taken me so long to get back to you , still learning how this all works , it confuses me ! but i'm getting there ... kinda :P glad you had a good time away , would you ... i live in australia , england , usa , france , south africa , botswana , new zealand , chile , brazil , singapore , malaysia , wales and scotland , so thats 13 all up i think =) this could just be me having some introverted tendencies , but i would trade all of my friends for a true soulmate , just to feel understood , and be able to share life together . though i think that ... i feel alone more than i should , i have a large amount of friends but my loneliness comes out of having my closest friends not in my everyday life . i immerse myself with people , and laugh it away , or ... watching the football =) adelaide vs newcastle ... the shadow of the wind by carlos ruiz zafon , originally written in spanish and crosses about 500 different genres , but it was the first book to make it to my heart , and i think i own about 4 ... thank you all ! =) i've thoroughly enjoyed my time here so far , so , let the good times roll ! hey there miss adelaide ! it's a great place over there isn't it ? i used to live down in seacliff when i ... i'm the same with that too , except it was my dads work ... also means we're good at goodbyes eh ? that's me too , i have a group of friends , but i'm always wanting to meet new people , putting myself into situations where i don't know anyone , it just gives me a good feeling on the inside =) '