' what are these kids thinking , giving me their 8000 - word-or-more draft to look at two days before it's due . who do they think i am ? a robot that can speed read through their senior project and ... recently checked - i'm an o , i don't know my rh though =/ due to a lack of solid sop in place , i've got more workload on the horizon , urgh . i am a frickin ' new employee working here and there are some admins ( even teachers ) who've been here longer and ... my teenager years were hell . there was a lot of anger , hyper-sensitivity to giggles and whispers , and the inability to figure myself or my future out because i was clouded by low-self esteem , and a ... just not my day today . i try to tell myself i'm doing a good job with teaching writing to middle and high school students , but there are days where even that doesn't work . i don't know if it's ... i voted 20-27 but actually scored 18 on the questionnaire . that said , i still highly identify as a hsp given my early childhood and teenage years . i learnt about hsp around two years ago . i read ... - do you agree or disagree with this idea of an expiration date ? why ? generally , with the exception of family i think there is an expiration date . it may be until you graduate ( high school or ... when i was a kid , it was red and stayed that way for a long time until it became blue ( and still is ) . though i've come to really like green as well . just something calming and not-bright , not-dark ... 1 ) how would you react to someone saying you're an odd / weird person ? i will laugh ( be that awkwardly , dry , or coming off a bit fake ? ) it won't be the first time and it definitely won't be the last ... yes , hello fellow potterhead ! xd i'm either a ravenclaw or a hufflepuff . pottermore has sorted me into the former , friends see me as the latter . i have qualities from both houses i think . it's not that hard to get me excited , but i'm outwardly calm most if not all of the time , so i'm not sure if picking high high / low lows was right . i'd say i feel emotions intensely , like ... i've always loved water in all its forms . ocean , river , lakes , waterfalls , what have you . i love the sound of water - whether that's the rain , waterfall , or river flowing through the forest creeks , ... mandarin , english , japanese . finding no time for korean right now , otherwise i know all the characters / alphabets ( ? ) and can catch a few words or two . nothing close to understanding or fluency like ... i like this thread ! glad to see it revived . what i would have typed here i wrote in my piece of handwriting instead :P 234066 definitely a pet peeve . i'm usually early to my meet ups with friends , to class , to appointments , what have you . i also like to plan and arrange meet ups beforehand , so i can't deal with people who ... definitely fit all of them , though 4 not so much as i cook more than eat out , so i'll have to go at some point whether i like it or not , haha . and 7 i just expect it now as it's not really something ... oh yes , very different indeed . i've always been polite and nice to people , but my emotions were everywhere . i give that to naivety and simply being young and not knowing any better ( also being ... yes ! this is very much how i am as well . i only speak up when i'm sure i've got something to contribute / add that's different . and i agree about the knowledge drive thing , it leaves quite a lot of ... definitely verbal , as i literally think , write , and talk to myself in my head quite a lot . though occasionally it's a bit of both . hmm ... it seems the smart / intellectual thing is a common reason . i don't think i'm domineering but friends and acquaintances seem to put me on this pedestal as the know-it-all / smartypants / the one ... huh . 2w1 . funny because i came up as a 6w5 with the perc enneagram . both seems to fit , so i don't know ... @ @ a lot . some you already mentioned in your post too , lad , haha . endless cycle of : getting a job --> jobs require experience --> gain experience before getting a job that would get me experience , ... - zoos and shows involving animals doing tricks - i used to love going to the zoo and find monkeys / dolphins doing tricks very cute , but now i'm just they're not supposed to act like that or i ... definitely identify with all of these except the ones in bold . i'm not usually like this until i'm under stress or my patience is wearing thin . or something seeks to trip my moral compass and ... i remember the first online test i took , i was infj . it was on ok cupid ( of all places , haha ) , combining mbti with death note characters . i consistently came out as infj for online tests shared or ... for a long time , i thought my quietness could deceive everyone , or that my calmness could fool people but i am actually pretty transparent when i think about it . for one , i can't - for the life of ... i'm only speaking from my own experience , but here's my two cents : in terms of writing you can : writing exercise where you just jot down whatever is on your mind , no going back to correct ... ah , still a child in so many ways xd i have the entire manga volume ( 1 ~ 72 ) of detective conan / case closed , along with movies 3 ~ 13 because i am that big of a fan . this doesn't include movies 1 and ... what is a dumb way you've hurt yourself ? it's not a but are see : biting my own tongue bumping my foot or arm against chairs , tables , or hard corners what noise annoys you ? styrofoam ... i was going through a transitional phase during the 18-22 stage so yeah i'd say it passes as mid-life crisis xd college became an integral factor in how i am and where i am today . i didn't have a ... i wouldn't say shy is negative or a bad thing - it becomes negative / bad if you believe that in yourself . while i think the trait in and of itself isn't a bad thing per se , it faces the same stigma or ... i have always been shy and quiet , more so when i was a child . i am guessing that i just lived in my head a lot at that time - i spaced out a lot during my kinder and 1st and 2nd grade years of ... i think my writing is very much the same as the majority of people who have posted here . sprinkle of metaphors , simplicity , and direct . i keep my writing simple , as if i'm talking to a ... i think i do test others , but only in cases where i feel like the friend / partner seems to be taking advantage of me . basing off that , i guess i test for their loyalty / dedication ? to whatever it is we ... math : i'm horrible at maths . it's been an issue that stuck with me from kinders till now * sigh * looking back though , i think it was mainly due to bad teachers and bad textbooks . i prefer to ... it's a toss between fisher king or nakama . like some have said , i'm a homebody and my dream is to be able to design and choose what i want in my own house - so fisher king totally works for me ... i have a great relationship with my younger sister . our personalities are sort of similar , she is much more logical than i am , but empathetic enough to handle me when i'm at my lows ... does that make ... it would have to be my mum , in both a positive and negative sense . i'll start with the bad then move on to the good ... negatively , it's where my perfectionist streak and inner critic comes from ... - excellent listeners : kitteh : - patient : confused : most of the time i am , but when i'm tired , irritated , exhausted or stressed out , i lack patience . - supportive with a strong desire to x91do the ... 1 . i switch accents ( or language ) depending on who i'm with and when i'm very comfortable with the other person . i can't seem to control it , but i find it pretty neat . 2 . i have a mole on the sole ... i'd say 50-50 . my family's a good split in terms of personality : my dad and me , then my sister with my mum . i say 50-50 though , mainly because despite my sister being a lot more like my mother we ... what is something you were a huge fan of before it got really popular ? > kpop name a condiment that is not : ketchup , mustard , mayonnaise , relish , salt , or pepper > tamari sauce . makes anything ... 1 . i have a penchant for trying to find things that i misplaced only to find moments later that it's right close to me / nearby . occasionally i get the whole family riled up ( mostly my mum that does ... i actually had a laugh when i saw the polls xd thanks lad ! as for responses to your questions , i think it's certain events rather than a gradual realisation . i learned most things the hard way ... i don't know if it's been discussed before in previous threads , but do you keep a diary ? ( or have had in the past ? ) my thoughts on this came from this post a friend of mine shared on facebook : ... clingy / needy / possessive - it was a difficult issue i had to work with , as my emotions really tend to overwhelm me when i like someone . it was also the deal breaker in the relationship i had ( just ... today is one of those days where i wonder if i'm masochistic as even i don't know half of some the reasons why i get into / become involved in stuff that i regret doing much later on - not saying fuck ... i'm sorry to hear that . i've been in the same place before and it's painful and very , very tiring when it is always you who is the one doing the keeping in touch thing and not the other way around ... i can relate . i keep birthday and christmas cards i received from friends when we're all back in high school . i flip through them sometimes and just wonder what happened . we've all moved on , some i ... urgh . i cannot handle them , they tire me out - at least if i am with them for an extended period of time . ( more in terms of being late ) i was friends with a bunch of flaky people before . their ... '