' not sure about my body shape . i think it might be oval / apple / rounded i dunno . i guess i would say oval . not much definition in the hips . looking at this image i'm 5 , or maybe a little bit ... to go to sleep ( i'm not tired though ) or just stay up until i'm really tired ( but i have work tomorrow ) . :/ ( + my dad getting angry at me for sleeping too much . ) ... i consider 12 years old pre-teen , so my last true childhood time was 2007 . also i never had myspace . ugh dial up was such a pain . trying to play games , watch movies and downloading music from lime ... born in ' 95 i would say i am a very minor late 90s . my earliest memory is from when i was 2/3 years old . core / major early 00 ' s kid major mid 00 ' s kid minor / less late 00 ' s hybrid kid , as i ... i like to think others do . sometimes i think they do , sometimes i don't . for some , not at all . ? ? i didn't mean people who are your friends that don't like some of your flaws or some aspects of your personality . i meant people who just pretend to like you . or trying to get everyone to ... why ? are you trying to manipulate people ? edit : oh , is this about acceptance ? i know its hard but fuck the people who don't like you for you , who wants fake friends . find people that like you for ... if i had a dollar for every time i got bored , i would have a million dollars . yeah , that's the test that confused me before ... > _ < but thanks anyway . my poor little birdy's growing new feathers again . ouch . 716681 a few months ago . 716705 about those function stacks , the website that i used for them has questions that are really vague and i just don't understand some of the questions , so the result is probably inaccurate . is isfp's s ... my poor budgie is growing some new feathers on his head again . there's quite a lot this time . poor thing pin feathers can be painful and itchy for birds . :( haha thanks , i'll keep that in mind . :) how do you deal with n types ? especially forward ones like entj and entp ? i've took different mbti tests on different websites many times and i got infp . i'm a deep thinker , am really sensitive , intuitive , , i like history and art , i know i'm introverted , i'm pretty quiet , ... well i don't mean teenagers but kids under 13 . my brother is estp . he's a really great person . pretty funny as well . he can be a little annoying sometimes with silly things or giving me advice ( that i don't need / want at the time ) but he means ... fuck you , i'm quite competent . i'd rather hang out with the 30 ' s youth than the current youth ... at least they had more style . you know what's happend in australia . they closed down all the car factories , 1,000 ' s of people lost their jobs ... what are they using it for now ? tanks . they're building effing tanks , most likely ... my dad has back problems , had a hip replacement , gets a sore leg sometimes .. physically he's in pain most of the time . he can't work in what he used to do now , and he's currently looking after my ... 22 . slycooper 97 maybe they should make it so only say .. 18 + can join . but then again most kids just lie about their age ... :/ no , but it was okay . whoever the commando types are . but i've heard some people find me scary , apparently . i've tried typology but i do not like the layout at all . its an ugly website . how do you deal with isfps at work ? :/ guy at work tested as isfp or sj - don't remember which , he didn't agree with it and said the only bit that's true is him helping others etc ; he's not into this kind of thing , mbti etc , which is ... are you guys the ones who do leg-pulling and make puns ( even if they're bad puns ) ? ( and are most likely to be a chef ? ) referring to my boss . he's a really nice guy , doesn't get angry , well he does ... ( nevermind ) . t . e shaw ( also known as : . t . e lawrence , ned , colonel lawrence , el orens , aurens , ya aurens , lawrence of arabia , john hume ross , tes , aircraftman ross , aircraftman shaw .. ) what sort of work he ... i have a 1 unread private message notification that won't go away even though i've checked all my messages ... i've felt misunderstood all my life . i don't know why people find me confusing . probably because we're not good at formulating a clear explanation on the spot , we have to think it out first . then the ... because we connect many thoughts together and people often say we're 4 trains away from what they're talking about when in reality whatever we said is related even if its a little bit . you mention ... hey all , thought i'd make a thread where we can discuss the mbti of people in the bible . please no hate , or bashing . i'm making this for an interesting thread . to start off what mbti do you think ... 714234 i was going to eat breakfast and watch my morning cartoons before school ... ( btw no disrespect here . i was a kid and was wondering where my cartoons were . ) but then i saw the twin towers and ... i suppose people come to these conclusions about women want x , and men want x because its mostly the extroverted or party types that are out there for people to hit on anyway ( most of the time , ... i like quiet guys ... i don't want an estj partner fuck that . an infp partner would be great . the only person to give back your love as much as you give them ... ah , i'm like this too . i just give people i like the cold shoulder because it would be awkward getting rejected or something like that . i won't do anything until they show a sign , like you said xd ... i'm not in a relationship so i can't say anything about that . but i'm in love w / someone right now and : i think about them almost 24-7 everything reminds me of him ... or just things you wouldn't ... yes . well ... here's my terrible singing : laughing : yeah . i can't hit high notes .. database error how do we upload audio ? i recorded myself singing this song , but if this thread is only for good singers , someone else might want to give it a crack . marina inoue - far away what if you can't sing ? that isn't a word , you mean karma . i have difficulty with this too . i am also christian and infp ( or inxp ) . and with all this information available now days its hard sometimes , faith wise . sometimes my head literally hurts from ... not literally one-hundred-and-one , 101 is just a saying . this idea came up after i mentioned it in a thread about people complaining about food after they've eaten it . i thought i might actually ... if the food is bad or not cooked properly , please immediately take it to the chef . they can fix it for you , cook you a new one . there's nothing more frustrating than a customer complaining about the ... bali . ( yes i know dhal is indian ... ) or there's : will explode soon . work , kept-to-myself , thinking '