' why i feel like this ? 1 . todays world is full of confrontation which i don't like 2 . if you have chosen a profession which isn't a 100 % match for your liking you probably have a harder time than ... orangeappled - i also hate the mind dulling simplistic tasks . i put them of as long as a can and then power through them once in a hurry . must say also that writing your notes in shape of bird sounds ... my art . some more serious than some . i do get over stimulated easily . i have learned to cope with this so that i can hide my state from others quite well but i need quiet time to re-charge my mind . sounds are the worst - not so much ... 6.5 melody was nice but singer was not my favourite 8/ 10 it's a catchy tune do you have it ? yes how does it manifest ? i read most people like open book is it more interpersonal , intrapersonal or both or neither ? both . i know what makes people tick and also what ... not sure if supposed to rate something since zelz already did . 7/10 would have benefited from twists here and there . atmosphere was good but got little repetitive .  and on that note - space that is like in linking parks video - my own tune with space as an inspiration this one definitely fits the bill for me this is also legit entry here this i know passes as infp porn : happy : ed makes great music song and video made by me . what you think ? does this pass as a legit entry to this thread ? 5/10  how does this song break into pieces ? i don't think it follow the pattern intro , verse , chorus , verse , chorus , break , ... could you guys recommend a place where i could download more loops and such ? i think i'm mostly into house like wibes . i have found so far loop masters . the loop bundles cost some in that site ... having to deal with people is often a drag . i don't seem to get much out from it . i don't think infp's are meant to manage other people in work environments . especially not in a blue-collar setting ... my second track . what you guys recon ? how many of these disorders can be treated / cured ? it's a bit sad that there are so many disorders defined . what is then normal ? who defines normal ? for example if i enclose myself for hours to my ... thanks for the feedback . i'm pretty much learning as i am going and it felt somehow important to get one song ready so it won't be only a work in progress . wish i could have had vocals in the track ... there . first track on my career as an artist : happy : it gives me pleasure to fiddle around with music and video production programs . the artistic side ... well not much so far but i like to draw inspiration from the likes of calvin harris , kygo , avicii etc . i guess it's electronic dance music . something that can be made with computer . garageband is ... wondering if anyone else here is making music with computer ? bought an imac a while ago and been messing around with garageband . got to say this is quite fun and addictive hoppy : laughing : might be ... buffy what you think ? have you guys read the book by susan cain - the quiet . i think that was the tittle . in the book susan states ( or actually some study on this topic states ) that when in power position introverts gets ... 5/10 this cracs me up every time 2/10 . lorde has made better ones . 1/10 for the barbie video . didn't have energy to watch it trough . i know . i make harsh judgments .  brotherhood and bromance is a beautiful thing . not ashamed to admit it . infp and buffy estp it brought back memories of watching requiem for a dream the first and last time . both were unsettling . art probably cause both brought up feelings in me but not the ones i like . 1/10 . sorry . i was ... benevolentbitterbleeding : some of your shorter answer to some threads comes out as an exxx to me for some reason . but than again i didn't read all that much and i'm not an expert of these types yet ... how i can cope with the stress that work environment puts me in : 1 . sleep from about 9pm to 4.45 am . slow morning . hearth rate won't be at 150 the moment you wake up . 2 . using earplugs and eyemask ... not . this is silly . get over it . i have been writing a book and now i feel like i would want to start to write another one as well . different genre . this would probably end up not finishing either one . a bit frustrating . what to ... ... ... ... let's stop arguing and start the karaoke machine  i kill by giorgio faletti . horror / thriller / dash of romance i think i might have stopped caring what other people think and feel . i did that for so long and felt like shit after being the landfill to others where they could dump their crap . i think i am done ... i truly can relate to coffee . with good sleep from say 9 to 5 need only morning cup . after that is hyper all day long . no need to take more . sleep , sleep , sleep . thats the source of energy ... there is no meaning . is that the sad truth ? i thought we could share some insights on lifestyle choices which each has made that has improved their life / seems so far to have done so until proven other . i can start : 1 . getting rid of ... i hear you . you are saying out loud what i'm thinking . questions for istj women ( and why not also men ): 1 . how many times , if ever , you initiate intimate contact with so ? which one does initiate more ? 2 . is it only vanilla or dare you spice things up ?  '