' what i do after i hurt my loved one is that i make my whole world about him , so it's obvious i'm doing the best i can to help him feel better after my fuck-up . i aim to make him feel safe around me ... my psychologist has adhd , and she got her phd while having 3 grand-kids to take care of because her daughter is a drug addict . i mention that to explain the level of stress ... your friendly neighborhood spiderman has arrived .  ... student . i used to be an art major , wanting to be an animator , illustrator & comic artist . changed it to computer science and the goal was to go to graduate school for artificial intelligence . ... at the height of my dysfunctional upbringing , there was a point where i broke down screaming at my parents because they were trying to make me clean my room , and i was so against it because my room ... intps . all of the ones i've met are a bunch of lovable babies . basic questions : 1 ) age or age range ? 19 2 ) city , ... i was stressed the last 3 months , but march & april were the worst . during that time frame , i attempted to dump my bf once and then officially dumped him the second time i tried . i was falling out of ... i saw it mostly in the intj forum , and it might be the people who are trying hard to be nt / intj that act like this . it's like they wallow in not being able to handle the physical world and people . i ... being petty really drains my energy . it can be fun though , if you got nothing else to do . i just got home from watching this movie a second time , and i still don't see how captain america was a douche ... which shows my immaturity . maybe it's because i knew what was going to happen that ... i don't hate the function , but all the terrible friendships i've had were with people with fi in their stacking , lol . meditation makes me brain dead . it was accurate and convincing to the point that i got my head out of my ass and went from intj -> entp . no goddamn it . i wish i did , but i believe i wasn't blessed with that ability because i would annoy the hell out of everyone by singing everywhere all the time ... that's what i tell myself to ease my ... i always reply quickly to messages i want to reply and ignores those that i don't want to . however , because my mind goes really fast , it takes a lot of mental energy to reply to heavy questions , so ... tired of all these intuitive types being inadequate in navigating social situations or understanding people , ffs . if you're all so smart , you should just be able to see patterns in how people ... i hate to eat ass . yeah , you need to smack him in the face . he ain't gonna care until you do , or at least won't pay attention to your feelings unless you say it directly to him that you're displeased with him . looking at this forum makes me doubt being an intj again . maybe i'm actually a goddamn entp like when i first took that test . being type 7/8 throws me off , lol . rip me . y'all can make me cringe so hard sometimes ... they really don't understand what sociopath even means . if they had to choose any psychological term , it'd be schizoid . i need only one deep emotional connection in my life , and i'm good . nah , bruh , i start to hallucinate and shake , but before that happens , like when i'm pulling a nighter , i actually feel refreshed and my mind is racing ... of course that crashes and burns . the ... i'm probably going to end up in a common law marriage soon ... when i get the money to cough up a fat gold ring for my bf . yes , thank you . i never even heard of the term mindmate , and when i saw it now , my first thought was why the fuck would i want someone probing me mentally ? i didn't think it was some nerdy version ... i want to fucking scream to the world how these last couple days are the best i've ever felt in my fucking life . my xntp boyfriend did that and still does that 4 years later . it's very sweet . we always exchange pictures of what we're doing , too . were any of those girls that wanted to be friends with interesting to you at all ? i recommend maybe keeping in touch with those women who trust you enough to consider you friends and don't put your ... i'd like to join in , but i don't think i've made myself present enough on the forum . : l it doesn't hurt to try . ( i also just posted a new , updated enneagram questionnaire ) it has an ugly title .  baby spidey intp ? ? because i'm too self-interested to naturally care for others without extra work and thinking . it's not like i hate people , that's too much energy , i just never had to do it before until now . : l decided to delete rip me yeah i'd date someone like that but i wouldn't take the dating seriously at all unless i find it worth my time , like if they're compatible with me two 34 ultrawides because i love big screens . my laptop is 15 inches right now only because i couldn't afford a 17/18 inch laptop . i know i'm still manic , so today i was thinking how at last i am happy with my life . yes , i have disappointments but i'm working on it . today though i talked to matthew , childhood classmate , and i ... i wish bruce wayne ( batman ) was my father , tbh . he'd be a great dad . svensenberg breaks shit all the time ... it's a problem . i lost one point on my computer science midterm because of this simple mistake . bewbs . watch my shows or sleep . my infj friend is annoying as hell and took her 8 years just to become a little more direct and honest with me . we're probably only friends because we grew up together , and we both can be mean as ... how i experienced depression has already been said by many of the entjs here , and i also for the longest time thought i was an intj while in my deepest stage of depression . the way i experience ... i was singing in my car but i got so riled up that i started screaming and honking my horn . are you a polygot ? i'm actually trying to learn all those languages you listed , except arabic . i find the beauty in them as well , but i'm learning hebrew for religious reasons . it took me ... 3 fucking hours ... to figure out to download linux on my usb . '