' detail  i think i'll be okay . 800 is better than nothing . it makes it easier if you spend it wisely . i plan on hitchhiking and other low cost travelling methods . update : i quite my job lol . i said screw it . i have money saved to fly somewhere warm and start there . i feel pretty good , like i had weights on my body and i'm able to just drop them . i think i will . i really want to do something that makes me happy and find something out there worth living for because i'm not finding it here . bnb it's enough megmento am i not doing a little bit of both ? hey guys . it's been a really long time since i posted here . so i have been thinking .. i really want to go travelling around for a bit . and i mean like hitchhiking or if i have a bicycle i would ride ... this whole album . mf doom special herbs volume 5-6 ( full album )  ruse thrones true , but i met her in person and made good conversation with her , she's really nice . another favorite of miles davis . so amazing , it gets me every time .. every time . foolish  was spinning this bad boy on my record player .  expediency    rocket i see , i'll take it down lonely fiction , maybe historical drama . sent from my vs980 4g using tapatalk i'm 22 now sent from my vs980 4g using tapatalk i'm just starting to travel to places but it seems like i always end up where i started off . i have backpacked across the us and have served in the navy a couple years ago so i went to sea quiet a ... i don't really feel any ownership to anything . i give my gift to humanity that which is my art and writing until the day of my death . sent from my vs980 4g using tapatalk i love hip hop . sent from my vs980 4g using tapatalk record player sent from my vs980 4g using tapatalk its not nudes it's art . are they going to censor art ? sent from my vs980 4g using tapatalk brainwash sent from my vs980 4g using tapatalk ! idk why its sideways but this is an unfinished portrait of a hawk . creation i'm not fairly new to her , i've known and talked to her for years . the feelings are somewhat new compared to how long i've known her . but i can understand the spooked part however she didn't seem ... i feel like that's what happened , like , i came in too strong and forgot that she is just as introverted as i am and would not let people in too easily . all part of the learning experience i guess . i feel okay . about to work out and draw for a while . star wars vii '