' anime is good ... so is netflix and youtube .. sites like this are cool too but only for lurking purposes ( and normally it won't be for long that i'm on here ) . books are okay but they aren't something ... i need to be able to do nothing , absolutely nothing with the person and still enjoy him . yes i need great conversation , but if we can do nothing together and it's beautiful then i know that i'm ... i most def have had father issues ... there was a period of time where i wasn't fond of my father and even when he would try and show me affection i would flinch away in fear ... he scared me and i ... infj here and i really love languages ( even had a major as linguistics in college ) . it's not hard for me to pick them up but sometimes certain methods of learning bore me . i love learning more ... i mean i'm no intj , but i've def been with one ( though i feel like i come across as more extroverted when i'm around him ) . and i ( personally ) tend to gravitate towards intjs o . o enough said . honestly , my initial gut response was please go to counseling with your partner . but to answer your question , it would require you to confront every negative feeling that you have towards the ... well , i'm not an mbti expert so i wouldn't know about sitting on the fence of s / n , but from what i've read the percentage of s or n only indicates more strongly if a person is one or the other . also , ... you and me both girl x_x i'm so bad with confrontation . if you had the chance to go back , would you do it again ? marcellinus : i totally feel you on all of that . that's why when something is pestering me , i have to speak on it asap or it's liable to go to shit . ( like i even feel you no those texts messages and ... maybe i shouldn't play devil's adovcate , but i think i disagree with some of the things that grace _ said . i'm an infj and my best friend is an isfj ... if i had to pick between the two i would say ... why ofc ( and that's the only reason i felt like i could post a response to this thread ) . i currently have this thing ... relationship ... stuff with an intj myself . the best thing honestly is just some ... yes . exactly this ... take it from a fellow feeler , the more you spectulate on your own , the more you blow it up to be something it's not .. i feel like intjs are fairly upfront and honest ( if i had to ... this is legit the quote of my life . extps are the most attractive seeming ? and intjs seem the most alluring ( and i love them alll <3 ) i definitely lean towards mercy . i mean i'm someone who doesn't mind giving a deserving swift kick in the ass , but i would like to think that if people are given mercy , love and support in the early ... yes ! i totally second this . for some reason ( underdeveloped fe ? ) they have this thing where they can't empathize with others ( esp feelers ) all that well ... you have to make an active effort to get ... let's not talk about numbers , it's slightly depressing ... i sometimes get a little sad thinking about my chances of finding an entp ( or intj because i have yet to meet a health enfp that didn't cling ... okay , the bandanna thing is killing me ... now i want to know what the rest of your face looks like > . > ok , not that i'm a genius with this mbti stuff , but this seems like slightly odd behavior for someone who is slightly obsessed with the subject matter and who is an intj . i'm not saying it's wrong ... soo .. this has nothing to do with your name but i love your hair qwq ... i love afros in general ( see my profile for proof ) . that is all edit : oh yea so my name is sweetness because 1 . i love ... hola mister entp . i hope you get to learn more about yourself while youre here ( i know i have been ) . oh yea and i hope you meet a few awesome people along the way :D i . loved . this . show . - starts jamming to theme song - ^ . ^ - . - ... it's not like i can feel some sort of way about this post since i did ask for it ( otherwise that would just be silly ) , but damn that was a draining post . on the bright side at least you ... ahhh - facepalm - firstoff , i'm definitely bad with details ( hence why when i was writing the response i mistakenly wrote the wrong mbti type , along with other mistakes that i made - facepalm ... dailylook.com has some nice things , h & m and asos have been said . i've heard some good things about romway but never shopped there personally . forever 21 has things but don't be surprised if the ... okay so i don't feel like i fit into this mold a ton .. my dad is estj and honestly carries a lot of the characteristics you mentioned in both parents ( traditional , aggressive , at times overly ... can you enlighten me on what is so disgusting about fe intelligence please q . q first off : stop beating yourself up so much and worrying so much about things you aren't even sure of ( way easier said than done i know ) . i have been in this thing with an intj for almost a year ... you are officially awesome ( because that line was for some reason ridiculously amusing . thanks for starting my morning right sir :) yea , test wise , i do go back and forth from infj to infp ( but i don't pay attention to that too much ) . what i really want to make sure is that my functions aren't feniseti instead of nifetise ... i ... i mean don't get me wrong , i can stay in my house for a week at a time without leaving and be perfectly content : 3 but i do love to travel ! i think teaching just so you can travel is kinda doing the ... hola ! uhm ... i still have a few mixed feelings about south korea , but there are so many things i am intrigued by . i've been to every continent except asia ( even though i have always been interested ... i just graduated from college with a biology degree . was thinking of getting an md , but i'd rather travel the world , experience new cultures , and make new memories as opposed to have my nose in a ... i think the key word here is apparent . the entps i know sometimes do things and don't realize how it affects the receiver , ( especially when the ones i know have selfish moments ) . if you two are close ... i don't know why people aren't fond of them . for me , estps have so many qualities i wish i had ( and a few i'm glad to not have ) . but my experiences with estps are that they are amazeballs and i can't ... yea i actually think that a lot of people who do well in school are sjs ( not to say that i completely disagree with the op ) . there are so many times where i wish i could easily remember detailed ... yeaa ... i'm pretty sure it's a running joke with a lot of the guys i work with since almost all of them have asked for my number ( only difference is that this guy seemed fairly sincere about it ) ... feeling a bit odd because one of my students ( currently running sexual health programs and workshops ) asked for my number today ... he's only like 16 o . o miya maybe i should ave said rare .. because i think that infj's are a bit more common than stats say ... and i said infp and enfj because i know of people ( including myself ) who considered these ... okay so although i do like hearing actual criticism of infjs ( because unlike some of these posts suggest i prefer and enjoy suggestions / constructive criticism ) some of these things are not dependent ... question to the op ( or any other infj ): how do you know for sure that you're an infj ? though i've been researching , i really don't want to be one of these people mistyping themselves . and the last ... humanbeing i would actually probably say that in person ... most people think i talk weird x_x so i'm just now starting to use this site and i was wondering if an im function existed here ? i kind of would like to talk to people on here more first before giving tings like skype , facebook ... i honestly have never had legitimate hate for anyone . even if they irritate me to no end and i don't get along with them , i can't help but to feel for / with the person if they are going through ... i agree with the mistyped infjs . i think some people can get a bit mesmerized by the idea of being a rare infj over let's say infp or enfj ( not throwing shade , i've just seen these types think they ... i do the whole predicting people's feelings and motives a lot and i'm still working on that . but what has helped me is to see it as just a possibility and not the reality of how things are . if i ... is my opinion even wanted here ? not sure . but my intj guy friend / bf / thing / etc . lights up ( well intj style ) when we get into bed . you know that feel when you your back sinks into the curves of the bed ... i say if you really want to find someone then i say take more active steeps to that goal ? for me i know that i can be to myself and not make the first move . even making the initial steps would help ... '