... you don't go to zoos because you feel bad for the animals english ( native language ) german ( very good ) hawaiian ( decent ) japanese ( so-so ) also studied beginning spanish , french , and turkish , plus a tiny bit of czech , hebrew , and arabic . i just ... i prefer to work alone . coworkers can be so much stress ... can't deal with office politics , bureaucracy , etc . just tell me what you want , when you need it , then leave me alone so i can get it done ! i got mixed results . : confused : 1 ) first + last name only - - very accurate number : 9 ( already described above ) soul urge : 7 ( already described above ) inner dream : 2 you dream of close ... i'm not a user , i get all paranoid or worse - - i had one totally hallucinatory , 6 - hour bad trip off maui wowee ( i stupidly took a gigantic hit on a dare ... ) . so i recommend caution . i think it's ok ... i guess i'd have to say i'm spiritual but not religious . i hate dogma ; i prefer to consider different viewpoints and try to learn from each one . for me , being spiritual doesn't imply having set ... 1 . 50 2 . male 3 . 6-7 on average i generally don't have favorites of anything as i tend to like too many things . but off the top of my head , here are some films that for whatever reason made a lasting impression on me : to kill a ... in general , compliments make me feel a bit awkward too . but i was raised to acknowledge a compliment , so i usually will , even if it's not my natural inclination . how i respond depends on who's ... healing ? yes , in a broad sense . learning about mbti and my type helped me let go of a very unhealthy , damaging self-image , a belief that something is wrong with me . so perhaps , more along the lines ... musique 247 thanks for the detailed response ! i keep getting forgetting that the mbti terms have different meanings than i'm used to , so thanks for that reminder . i was worried that the ot ... too cute for words ... : laughing : i have a question - - i see you're an extravert , would you say that extraversion is important to success as an ot ? i'm an introvert , but it's easier for me to deal with people if i'm doing something ... love the photos in this thread . i'm not creative enough so i just take nature pictures with a pt - & - shoot . here are some boring travel pics from a trip to grand teton natl . park last fall ... ... i never worked in it , but started out as a sw engineer . i liked the problem solving part of it , but the lack of creativity bored me . i switched to tech writing , it offered some creativity ( albeit ... me too , especially - - you value the old over the new . amen . why does every generation automatically assume it's better / smarter / more advanced / etc . than any that's come before ? you're ... : blushed : glad i'm not the only one who does this ( i've done it at work too ! ) : blushed : ... when you keep one of those language lesson cds in your car's cd player as an alibl in case people say they notice you always talk to yourself in your car thanks for teaching me to separate my feelings from my work , now i can be a great lawyer like you . nice resume . but we filled the last executioner position yesterday . i wanted to respond to 493dreamer , but got stuck with too many thoughts swirling in my infp brain ... the words above sum up everything i'd wanted to say , and much , much more . god bless you , ... our sweet and sour pork is not made with pork . hs was a drag , i just wanted it over . i was extremely shy , didn't fit in with any clique , very socially awkward . only had two real friends . there were some genuinely nice people who i could've been ... ... when you're sharing a bag of chips , you eat all the broken pieces and crumbs first , to make the remaining chips look nicer and to be polite to the others by not leaving all the crumbs for them . ... another scatterbrain here , with short-term memory issues . some examples : i'm late for work and can't find my car keys . eventually i find them in the ignition - - where i left them . then i remember ... proctologist podiatrist professional daydreamer just kidding . : laughing : since i'm working on my 2nd career change , i've given this a lot of thought . if money , qualifications ( graduate school ... thanks , glisten . that's a nice interpretation . actually in the short time since i posted that something else came to me ... maybe it's telling me that i need to be my true self . because in those ... thanks for the clarification ! : laughing : i guess i can try juggling in the privacy of my home ... i also like the writing with two hands suggestion . i once went on a hike where the trail became a ... this is gonna be a weird confession ... i rarely dream about my mom ( she died when i was 14 ) , and when i do , she's almost always a background figure who doesn't know or recognize me . one time she ... thanks for this post , it's very brave of you . i hope that you will be safe and healthy until you can find a new home where you won't have to fear for your life simply because of who you are . i'd be interested to find out more about this - - but do all these suggestions involve physical activities ? i'm horribly uncoordinated and could never learn to juggle ... ... you occasionally do obsessive things that others might find rude and you feel stupid ... like i just noticed that i have the last 6 posts in this thread and feel embarrassed now for hogging it ... yeah , all the time ... i'm the opposite . i notice all the wonderful avatars that people have and wish i were so creative ... i second that emotion ! i feel that way about any thread - - i want to thank every post that didn't get any thanks yet ... i can see it , it's beautiful ! ... you think of several things you want to share here on perc , and you start to write them down so you won't forget them , but halfway thru the first idea - - you forget what it was ... or , you totally ... i'm a yes for most of the questions . the no's are : get impatient easily ? no , i'm pretty patient . often feel restless and antsy ? when i sit , i'm almost always moving some body part , e . g ... i was also diagnosed with add about 6 yrs ago , and took ritalin and dexedrine for it then . never noticed any real improvement so i stopped seeing that doctor and dismissed the whole thing ... fast ... that's gorgeous : blushed :[ / quote ] yes , it's beautiful , thanks for sharing ! test results are about what i expected : your result for the childlike qualities test ... somewhat adultlike you scored 79 % trust 57 % spontaneity , and 6 % worldliness an adult with the heart ... one more gay person here ... i don't think i've met any other lgbt infps ... until now . yay ! : happy : i'm allergic to crustaceans ( not shellfish - - clams , oysters , mussels are fine ) - - i can't eat shrimp , crab , and lobster ... : crying : i thought it was great ! the end had my mind reeling . natalie portman was great , mila kunis was surprisingly good too . if you intend to see it , resist the urge to read the reviews , it's best if you ... learning languages and cultures playing piano ( or at least trying to ) stargazing ( real stars not human ones ) science in general , esp . astronomy , cosmology , geology , meteorology , archaeology , ... ... you never , ever fly on southwest because you'd die if you had to sit in one of those rows that face each other - - and with your luck , it'd be a delayed flight . [ oops - they discontinued the ... you are a naturalist thinker naturalistic thinker naturalist thinkers : * like to understand the natural world , and the living beings that inhabit it * have an aptitude for ... my childhood / family life wasn't very good , but i don't think it caused or added to my being an infp . if anything my infp-ness may have contributed to my general unhappiness . i always liked being ... don't you care about anybody but yourself ? life is not just one big joke . man , for a file clerk you sure are enthusiastic ! you shouldn't rush through things like that . it's not funny when you ... i never found any effective strategy to fight boredom when i didn't like the job . what i did do was try to manage the stress caused by the boredom . ( that boredom / frustration manifests as physical ...