interesting , you've gone from se dominant to ne dominant , and usually enxp in socionics tends to go hand in hand with the mbti descriptions . enxps are fairly similar , but it's fairly simple right , do ... the way you connected , would have just been because of your introversion . it's actually very much easier to work out your socionics type btw , have a look at the quadras : alpha quadra - ... that's why they make the cognitive function ones near impossible to follow :p roud : ouch , not sure you should be so quick to judge , seeing as entps have a tendency to disappear sometimes . you might be right though of course , can't speak for all entps , others just want things . ahhh , enfjs ... a breath of fresh air . i really enjoy the company of the one i know , though there is a problem with the asshole / childish games and stuff , our conversations are awesome . i could see it ... hmmm , in my experience , i've found that it doesn't work most of the time ( for me it has , but for others , usually not ) . tests will not tell you anything you don't know already , they're just there to ... this makes me think that you might be a feeler . i'd say you're probably an extrovert too , considering the way you ask questions , the way you blatantly spurt everything out yet haven't really said ... he'll work that out eventually , just introduce him to people that you think he might enjoy the company of . typically intjs - and well , just about every other person , regardless of type - works these ... yeah , that's it , you described it perfectly , you're definitely and entp , don't worry about that entj intp nonsense : laughing : . it's kind of hard to describe , like gossipy or something i guess . okay , i worked this one out a little while ago , i was trying to use the floor function because i didn't realize that the lines ( eg . | x | ) mean absolute value . after that , i've worked it out , and you're ... okay , are you kind of hyper , always suggesting crazy ideas , playing with ' toys ' and causing mischief to satisfy some kind of chaotic urge ( which i figure it to kill boredom ) when out with people ? or ... ahhh ! so you've thought this out i see , so you release the teeth eating coyotes , and use some kind of alarm system in your house based on the weight of zombies on the floorboards * insert auto welcome here * damn , just as my zombie thread thought it was catching you , it turns out you've bumped up the game : tongue : i'm not quite ef , but i'm almost there , but surely you don't ... welcome breeze , you'll be treated like all the other newbies , first comes the hazing , then the protection money phase , and then you become a minion , after that ... ahh ... there's not much after that ... yup we're all crazy here , well at least i am ... it's pretty fun welcoming people , you can expect at least a page of welcomes ... even if they don't say anything much . best thing about welcomes , is ... ahhh ! how is that related to the floor function though ? are absolute values the same as the floor function ? ... hmm , they're not related at all are they ... yarrr , i was going to post that ... i thought that was simple , high school mathematics even ( alright , advanced kind of high school maths ) . i forgot to explain what a floor function is though for those who may not know ( explaining ... okay , i figure maths differs quite fundamentally from science , so i'm making a separate thread . it'd be nice to know if there is anyone here even interested in mathematics . i usually just need ... wouldn't that get a little messy ? at least people wont hassle you while you do your job , they'll all assume that you're dead when they see ' you ' explode on the news . then you're safe ( edit , forgot to ... oh well , it's still informing and i don't think his assignment matters . it's the science that counts . i hope maths fits in here , if not , i'll have to create a mathematics thread . i've been practicing maths in my free time , i'm taking up 2nd year physics and math next year , i want to improve upon my ... yeah , it's a carbocation , normally carbon has the same amount of electrons as it has protons . 2 in the s subshell , 4 in the p subshell . take one electron away , and the number of protons dominates , ... hmm , i donno what it says , but oh well , it's a deal . i do that too , supposedly it might be a sign that you're more of a party person , most people i know who do this are kind of like that .  ... oooo , you're good you ! ! : crazy : house is entertaining at least , but i guess that's not really all that high on your list . i'll just have to pretend to be an istp and go all navy seals and stuff ... though it'll probably become ... 2 . watch out your jokes there are many people who gets very sensitive about jokes . you might think it's funny to call that lousy guy with some silly nickname , and everyone seems to think it's funny , ... that's more like it , the type me threads need my advanced skillz anyway . ahhh , i just remembered , after you've figured yourself out , you've gotta branch out and figure out other people . i see why ... hello world ... that doesn't appear significant to me , could you shed some light on the topic ? i can kind of see it coming from an in at the very least . it totally depends fully on who you work for , if it's the great stone god , you might be in a bit of luck . 9w8 hey , that's a type not often found on the internet ( or so they say ) , 9w1s are way more ... i donno if it works like that , remember the 7 wing ? if those conditions aren't satisfied , i tend to scavenge about for security elsewhere . interesting use of the we thing , i don't remember seeing ... i'm already paranoid enough , i'm not even sure if i'm paranoid or not ... oh dear ... i'm a gonna have to get out the medicine again ... when he fails his guitarist career , he's all yours . but ... 1 . ) unethical - on the odd occasion , i weigh up the entertainment versus ethics a little bit . throwing rocks at cows ... um no , telling an old preaching looney that their religion is a waste of time , ... or i could just as easily turn up the uncertainty and feign amnesia , i'm not sure what my name was , it could have been larry , or freddy or matt or stephan or something ... it'd work wonders in a ... i can only relate to at least half of it , i'm not all that outgoing though , i'm a failed extroverted experiment . i think you'll find that istp is the preferred assassin type , entps might be capable , ... i think some people find it exhilarating to see someone react to something , no matter what it is . and that exhilaration kind of doubles when the reaction appears to be abnormal , it probably becomes ... * drools everywhere * i think i know what i want for christmas ... to bad i've annoyed 60 % of the entjs i've come across . welcome aisleeindale ( that's the best word recall i can muster , i'm ... nice , welcome aelee , may you have a merry time at this here forum . ignore the one above me , i am the new welcome bot , please donate all your gold to me at this instant for coffee , where's my istp ... i love that song ! ! ! i'm going to make that into a theme-song or something , as soon as i get my grubby little paws on it i'm not falling for this again , last time i tried to eat a cookie , my pants zip became a little to close and personal ... terrible , terrible dealings . welcome , i hope my post was absurd enough , i ... i wish i could do that , i'd probably fall flat on my face in the attempt , and then receive the death penalty . if i ever become an assassin , i'll be setting traps and staying well away from them . we ... personality cafe seems to be extensively linked to youtube somehow . welcome castor , and may your followers rejoice in the dance of the sunchild * takes another puff * waffles ! ! ! : tongue : nope , couldn't guess your type , toffan sounds like an esfp kind of name . are you sure entps are the social type ? as far as i've gathered , the consensus is usually that we don't have enough f to seek ... i thought 9s were lazier than that ... live and let live , i guess , assassin sort of fits then . i was wondering about assassins and istps just a while ago . the prerequisites were 1 . intelligence , 2 ... oh goodie , i own that market , and i'm feelin a little hungry ... i thought about it , and i think my brother may have stolen my pure 7 .. perhaps the only real way to hide my 6 ... is to dispose of ... hmmm , i don't remember making any kind of arrangement ... but you must be right , yes , of course . but there's a bit of a problem , my idiot accomplice bought sour worms instead of gummy worms , and bait ... yeah , byob and a couple of other songs were alright , i couldn't staunch any of the others , they were just plain weird . i find the album art to be kind of plain ... though i haven't really looked at it ... i find it hilarious , it's almost the only tv i actually watch ... yup , but each type seems to have their own way of processing information , right ? i suppose you're right though , quirks ... i'll ... * tips hat * thank yee , i dislike soad , i'd much rather the cleaner , friendlier , soap really ? that's not right , every type has its only little peeves and tricks , for instance , i've fallen into the habbit of using more commas than i thought humanly possible , i'm no longer aware of ... i have not idea what's going on , but i'm the real entp , so no one listen to all those impostors .