' or they could find their niche in making more r rated comic book movies , but that may be a bit of a stretch . and speaking of an x-force movie , it's quite possible . they are supposedly introducing ... i saw it yesterday and i agree . it was a bloody great movie . much better than the other fox comic book movies , but that's not saying a lot . compared to something like the deadpool videogame this ... well , i have subdued the beast that is the social anxiety disorder . i used to be at the line where i couldn't leave my house , but then i managed to get back up to the state of can talk to people , ... that's why most intp villains are all powerful beings with no clear motives . they're like galactus . when you get down to the nitty-gritty of it , he's pretty much just a guy looking for something to ... yeah ! let's get so warm that we'll melt the polar ice caps and doom humanity ! i don't know . probably a mammal of some kind ... definitely not a bird though . i fucking hate birds . after a bit of research i've come up with these types : goku - isfp vegeta - istj gohan - enfj piccolo - intp krillin - esfj bulma - esfp future trunks - isfj freeza - istj i'm not superstitious or religious and i do not buy into things which don't have much evidence behind them . i question everything and if i do not get my answers i simply abandon it . religion is a ... i think an intp villain would have to be quite insane , unfeeling and lacking morals to work . he'd do disturbing experiments and the like in order to gain knowledge or merely as a way of spending his ... what you said there sounds more like te behaviour than se . te is a judging function . it's the one that makes the decisions based on the data . se is percieving , it does not make the decisions , it only ... i see him as an istj . his si is beyond apparent . his fixation on saiyan traditions , his insistince on calling himself an elite and a prince and being treated as one . he really seems to have a ... it probably won't ... but hey , atleast it wrote off gt as non-cannon . so that's something . anyway , you can watch this instead of the ending . i think it's much better : ... yes ! i agree . you can also go by the ending of z when goku takes uub under his wing to train him , leaving his friends behind . he really prefers fighting and training over his social life . this may be more of a personal theme than an intp one , but what the hell : kids write jokes - album on imgur i place my ne over my ti when it comes to socialising . i don't like making my ti known in most social situations . it's reserved for my friends and such .  i'm quite aware of his existence , but i don't think he's aware of mine . i think it's for the best . who knows what he would do if he found out that his god is real . oh crap , he just read that . i am insanely indecisive . i can spend days , weeks , months thinking about what to do and even when i do pick an option after such long periods of contemplation i doubt if i made the right one . even ... i try to avoid them , but when shit irks me , i speak up . however , that usually ends up in a cycle of me giving a logical reason and the other person denying my point because they are too arrogant to ... enfjs are genuine , caring people who talk the talk and walk the walk , and nothing makes them happier than leading the charge , uniting and motivating their team with infectious enthusiasm . ... i'm gonna have to disagree with you on mark . he's definitely more enfj than anything else .   i'm pregnant and the father is ... me ! ! ! who cares about what some geezer did 50 years ago . the only thing that's important is the now ! i heard a girl say this in history class .  ... welcome to the forum , grimdork . i hope you enjoy your stay . reminds me of a time my friend told me a joke . friend : do you know how to get a nun pregnant ? me : by fucking her ! friend : no . by dressing her up as the altar boy ! me : ... i still think my ... ... it doesn't help the post when your avatar has those expressionless , googly eyes and that strange pseudo-smile . 37 posts and not a single mention of yolo ? i'm disappointed . why are you always so upset ? - i'm not ? au reste , après nous , le déluge . - this is the saying i've ever heard . period . i remember writing a work for school and i ended up getting a low grade because i didn't make a single statement , writing questions instead . i read a book once in which time travel was used for research purposes , where researchers would travel back in time and infiltrate ancient cultures and study them posing as members of those cultures ... so basically you are advocating time tourism ? i'm curious to hear how eating food can become a spiritual experience . yes , but only if i was immortal in the sense of never aging . otherwise , no . but how would you say the kill phrase if you were in the vacuum of space , your throat was crushed by a boulder or if you were underwater ? that's overthinking it . if i like a person and i deem him trustworthy , i have no problems connecting with him or expressing my feelings . however , sometimes i have my moments of doubt . i would start thinking maybe i ... i don't like looking at blood , but i do like the taste and will suckle and lick my own wounds . what is the answer to this question ? while i personally have no experience living alone , i've never met someone who lives completely alone . they have a dog or a cat to fill in the emptiness of their house . never do anything phenomenally stupid . that's the only rule i live by . '