dang my kind is pretty . and ya'll have big eyes . it's like a requirement almost . haha . when you're directionally challenged ... * raises hand because she is guilty * sent from my sgh-t 999 using tapatalk very true , to do this right we'd need more infp's . i could definitely see it being used as a defense mechanism ( which i think is the biggest factor ) . thank you for sharing . :) sent from my ... i agree i don't think a infp would ever be as organised as a intj . i disagree that one cannot be seen or act as another personality . artisans subconsciously copy others , and idealists do that to a ... well if you mean in what ways does some think infps have a intj mask , i personally think it is because infp's usually have a very aloof / distant mask on when we first meet someone . and it isn't till ... who invented the blanket ? who ever did i think i love them very much . and to who ever invented hot sauce ... well i dislike you greatly . * sighs * why can't i handle spicy things ! ? sent from my ... i have a few very close friends . but i consider myself a boring person so usually i'm towed along with them doing whatever . i am kinda picky when it comes to my friends because i've had it backfire ... yes i know its a stupid question . ahem anyway . better question : i have recently heard that infp's wear a intj mask . i have yet to really test this out and see if its true . so the question is ... what ... why do all you intj's have such cool user names ? sent from my sgh-t 999 using tapatalk gah ! i hate myself a lot sometimes . i'm so frustrating . sent from my sgh-t 999 using tapatalk hahahah . oh deer . lol . that makes perfect sense to me . sent from my sgh-t 999 using tapatalk what the heck does this mean ? lol . rofl acerbusvenator you're officially killing me . lol . ok so i will try to use paragraphs this time so you can understand what i'm saying . :P as i have multiple times on this thread i've changed ... [ quote = merrickal ; 4524038 ] i occasionally have random and often violent thoughts of things i want to do to people / things / creatures ... is that the estj acting up or just my rage on something building ... sorry enfj was me jumping to a conclusion to quickly ( thats a nasty habit of mine ) but i was talking to my brother ( i wanted a second opinion ) and he said if your results were consistent you'd be a ... when i'm mad my inner estj comes out . i get very cold and harsh . i do have moments where i want things orderly and usually i wanna be on time or early . of course i could have learned some orderly-ness ... how many times have you you been tested and were your results consistent ? sent from my sgh-t 999 using tapatalk ok now i'm just confused . ( i still need to read your article so bare with me ) so you are very smart , ( my thoughts ofc ) you reason things out , you have a heart of gold , and you want to be recognized ... i'll have to check it out when i have a chance than . sorry didn't mean to debate . you're cool . thanks for the convo . :) sent from my sgh-t 999 using tapatalk while that is certainly true that enjoying intelligent conversation is not usually related to being a t ( matter o fact i'm not one and i definitely enjoy it ) but in my humble opinion i would think ... staind - take this ( trippy ) sent from my sgh-t 999 using tapatalk intp . i pegged you as an nt because 1 . you seem to thrive on intelligent conversation . 2 . you have the same argument style as my brother ( who's an intp ) where you both want solid information ... at my worst i am : overly hyper to the point its annoying , depressed , paranoid , out of touch with everything and everyone , cold hearted , selfish . thank goodness i have pills to keep me up . those have ... exactly ! that's what i tell my friends when i'm teasing them ! its a sign of affection , because if they weren't close to me or if i didnt like them , i wouldn't do it ! sent from my sgh-t 999 using ... you know you're an infp when ... 1 . you can't turn off your brain . 2 . everything depends on your mood . 3 . you're on this forum . 4 . you're always looking for things you can relate to so you feel ... as an infp i gotta admit i kinda do . and by kinda i mean i don't believe there is one soulmate , because that would imply predestination and i don't believe in that . but i do believe that there are ... 1 there are times i just feel numb like i can't feel anything for anyone . i just don't care , and i hate that so i make myself care . its like i have a switch . i can turn my emotions on and off . 2 i ... my brother is an intp so here are some observations i've made of him , he loves to flip things around on people ( using whatever the person said against them ) , he's good with the sarcasm , stubborn , ... i'm awful . lol . i love to mess with people . mostly my friends and family tho . i once convinced my esfj best friend that i was moving away , she got so mad that she than made me believe some guy had ...