' esfj reporting for duty ! -48.333 masculine -68.421 feminine -52.5 androgynous great description :) nice to see you didn't fall back on the tired idea of esfj's being traditional . no description can be a 100 % fit for everyone , so of course some things aren't true for me . but ... you should stay at a job for as long as you are continuing to grow in your abilities and are satisfied with the conditions . if you find you need more of a challenge , then change . but choosing an ... in terms of being both time-efficient and accurate , i think you're better off sticking to the general descriptions and articles rather than first-hand accounts . maybe you'll get four or five ... pride . because it can sometimes be hard to admit i'm wrong , and maybe i also think too highly of myself : wink : failed relationship : infp current relationship : esfp the infp and i didn't work out for many reasons , but one thing i didn't like was her emotional sensitivity . instead of fighting with anger , ... hmm , based on what you've said , i'd go with esfp / enfp . you're extraverted for sure , even if you have trouble connecting with people . it's that you want to connect with and be around lots of people ... i tend to be drawn to extroverts , but then introverts are drawn to me so it all evens out : laughing : hey guys :) sorry it took me a while to get back to you . i came back only to be gone soon after xd as for my adventures , life here in general is pretty amazing . i've gained a lot of skills from ... haha indeed ^ ^ currently living the dream in korea . so you can imagine why everyone is clamoring for me to make mac and cheese for them ;) it's hard to come by . these past 6 months have been my first time living on my own , and i have to say i'm really starting to appreciate the joys of cooking . oh the magic of home-cooked meals t ^ t i still need a lot of ... this is the way i see it : i had good experiences in the past , but life will continue to get better and be full of happiness because i'll make it that way . when i was 18 and going on to college ( i ... esfj and agnostic , non-religious . i grew up catholic , though , and have a lot of respect for religious people . oh god i am older than mrs . cafebot t-t i did my waiting . four years of it . in perc . o do you realize how long i have been waiting for this o now it seems like sj's really do like cheese ! D: there must be something about coagulated milk that speaks of tradition and good family values . this is worth investigating further . ( my 3000th post ... when people make things up to fool me because they think it's funny . i tend to be very trusting and don't second-guess them . the sound of people chewing o_o i cannot . just shut your mouth . ... i'm still a senior in college , but i will be teaching english in south korea in the near future . i have no idea what i want to do in the long-term , though . i like working with other people , having ... gemini . usually doesn't make sense for me lol . 1 . esfjs on the whole definitely tend to crave external feedback . it's how we know we're appreciated and that we're on the right track . i can derive satisfaction from knowing i did the right thing , ... have you studied functions or mbti ? i've studied both your own description of what fe is ? the tendency to look outside yourself in order to aid decision-making . it differs from te in that it is ... i like games that have both chance and some strategy , like monopoly . but no one will ever play with me because they get sick of it ! lol . i also like to play life . i get a kick out of having little ... i wanna facepalm every time i get a new thank on that stupid ' you know you're an entp when ... post i made a few years ago . it's up to 118 thanks o_o which just goes to show that you can only trust ... um , i don't know if you'd call it a blog in way you're talking about , but i have a couple tumblrs . the first is a kpop blog ( used to have other things , but mostly kpop nowadays ) with 180-190 ... i am either clear winter or deep winter . i can't tell D: when i was a vegetarian , it didn't bother me when people ate meat . i just let everyone do their own thing . i do sometimes lie , though , about whether smoking bothers me . i usually just endure it and ... my confidence in the validity and consistency of mbti types is not 100 % by any means , but for arguments sake i've changed my type three times over the past five years . intp > entp > enfp > esfj . the ... trying to get to 3000 posts ! not an easy task when i only make 2 posts a day - _ - psychology , as that's my major . i used to enjoy art , english , and history in high school . electrify ( though this thread really doesn't belong in the esfj section ... ) i took the test in my high school philosophy class , and the teacher did a really good job of explaining things . it took an entire class period , but we understood it just fine . though granted , it was ... christmas , probably . to be honest , i'm actually not much of a holiday person , though special days can be cheery . how un-esfj of me ^ ^ yeah , my school has an mbti test available called type focus . it's certainly not widely used , though . it's mostly for people who are having trouble deciding what they want to do , or for classes that ... it's what i meant , if not in the same words . for me personally , i can't really say who i'd choose if i had to . if a gun was really to my head i'd just pick someone random . but i'd probably like an ... well there'd be no way of knowing that isfp is always compatible with esfj . extremes ( always or never ) are hard to argue for . so the more believable option would be to say that isfp's are a good ... personally , i think having a ' best match ' doesn't make sense . there are going to be variations depending on what each esfj is ultimately looking for in a relationship . for example , i want to be with ... so you're saying that fi makes men appear emasculated , which i guess would mean they are more sensitive than the stereotypical male . ( i will let the gay comment go because there is clearly no ... what's funny is 111 people have thanked this so far and i'm not even an entp anymore xd i'm not though ^ ^ half filipino , half white . i just like me some koreans . they look like any other shy person , but it seems they really want to join in and don't know how : sad : but once you address and welcome them , they get over their shyness quicker than shy introverts ... i feel like the fact that i'm not 25 yet messes this up , but 3 so far . i'm also not at that age yet , but i would consider taking a look at your situation first . do you have the time and resources to take care of a baby on your own ? are there other people you can rely on ... i think a lot of fe has to do with social consciousness . you are aware of other people's needs and do your best to care for them . you can also sense the dynamics in a group , know how to make people ... i'm looking for someone i can experience life with , who i never truly get sick of being around . just someone whose company i really enjoy . i like lenabelle's suggestion of loyalty mates , too . gameboy followed by ps1 . i remember my sister and i pooled our money and had just enough to buy the playstation , a controller , and the first spyro . but we couldn't afford a memory card , so i am now ... i'd say i'm fiercely individualistic in the sense that i don't appreciate anyone dictating my life or even trying to give me too much advice when i don't ask for it ( unfortunately ) . so i suppose the ... i suppose , yes . why would i believe someone who said one thing and continued to do another ? it doesn't make sense . i like hearing words too and understanding motivations , but i don't live in someone ... a black hole would probably erupt once we met and disturb the cosmic balance or some shit o_o but no , i probably wouldn't be friends with myself . there'd be no need to i guess ? i already live with ... ah , i see what you're saying . i think i do tend to use ti in decision making , but it's almost always a form that does more harm than good . i can have horrible cases of indecision and doubt , and ... '