' ryaan here's scientifically accurate spider-man . ! according to my dnd alignment test , i am lawful good . combine that with a 2w3 enneagram and i would make the perfect paladin . perhaps that explains why i'm enjoying my holy paladin in world of ... a friend showed me this yesterday . i love it ! in line of my previous post , enjoy more goat . it seems as if they are really desperate to find bob . booob ! ! ! and then there's the ... well , since you went missing , we were all too busy trying to find you . that's why there's only one post . but , now that you're back , let the winning commence ... again ! :D i can relate to this one too much . :P violence threats on the internet look like this to me : you can't do that ryaan ! that's cheating ! > _ < sure , i'll share ! : o oh you guys , you're all so funny . isn't it obvious that i , synched , should be the winner ? : o eye see what you did there ! :P bahahahahah :D hm .. that's strange . glad i made you laugh though ! : kitteh : right , i have decided that my wi-fi will be my valentine this year . i don't know , we just have this ... connection , you know ? :D <3 i don't whether to be scared or excited . well , here's to finding out which one to be ! :P aww yeah ! :D i indifferently acknowledge your indifference . i never ruled alone . >:D nice try , now let the professionals handle it . :P no you don't ! >:D i win :D spiders on drugs ! >:D my name is dominique and i am not a french girl . : o just finished the maze runner by james dashner . it was an okay read . 3,5 / 5 stars . now i'm reading dracula by bram stoker . :D i feel so ... left out * sobs * ava 82 i've seen entire stories happen in clouds . it's a lovely thing to do really , to watch clouds fly by and just , see shapes ! :D and i can't even imagine not being able to see shapes in the ... ugh , so nice . : 3 i'm an adult ! maaan , f your system ! xd tasering mah butthole ! that song is too funny man ! xd baaahahahahahahahahahahaha xd that hilarious ! i want to thank it more than once ! :D qrivan , sword art online is an amazing anime ! i really loved it and i highly recommend it . :D also , i am the winner again >:D that is all . bye ! * hops away * ... as phony said , there weren't any brownies , just ' roids ! :P i'm certainly no bunny . and as far as i know , i'm not on something , but i could be mistaken . come to think of it , i did find some lovely brownies earlier today . you should ask your mother first ... certainly ! purple it is ! i like purple ! :D i know a guy , who knows a guy that makes custom lightsabers . is there any specific colour you prefer ? :D ugh , why do you always post that gif of disapproval . mah feels :( yeah , that's fine with me . you can have it back tomorrow , when it's all smelly and decomposing . :D i don't know if that's bad . all i know for sure is that it's rather awesome . no offense to you , or your daughter , but it made me laugh ! :D jaysh where can i buy that shirt ? i must have it ! :D also , thanks for the bro-hug ! :D then i shall wear your lifeless body as a crown ! >:D well , i will make you regurgitate the crown and then i'll wear it . :D that made me feel great ! so thank you christie 42476 ! * hug * jaysh very much appreciated ! third day of stomachache . and it's getting worse every day . > _ < when i'm feeling pissy , a hug always helps me . so , * hug * :D that is a really nice way of looking at it , which certainly got me to think more about the possibilities within it . though , one of the major downsides of it at my current level is the fact that i do ... so , i'm currently following an education in it . but , the problem is , i really cannot see myself performing well enough in it . it just doesn't give me the fulfillment i want . so basically , i don't ... '