 ( last music post from me for some time ... promise ) kiss : istp marry : esfj bed : infp intp , infj , entp which is already ending ... : sad : fixed where do people see fe in morty ? to me morty seems fi all around , not fe . how are my acting skills ? kiss : isfp marry : esfp bed : entp estj , infp , intp infj i usually get along with my enfp brother fabulously , with a few exceptional moments ... he's really far from the usual bubbly enfp stereotypes and tends to be a bit trollish and , well , cutting ... he's ...  ^ exactly . i guess , from my own playlist , these are the songs that feel the most ' isfp ' to me :   as an isfp , i'll just say that i have trouble handling responsibilities if i'm depressed / am in a low mood because caring about my own emotional state and inner emotional order will always take ... . i relate deeply to your struggles and i unfortunately often do the same thing with my responsibilities where i just escape into my head and fantasy . sometimes i wish school responsibilities didn't ... all those sound like typical isfp things . i had a 10 + years long friendship with an intj who had basically the same dynamic : she was way better at those things i sucked at : organization , planning , ...  this song is stuck in my head ... and it won't get out . bah , i'm not sure if i want it out my head either , it makes me so happy : happy : lindsey ... alone time + nature + music + my friends + search for new information + feeling & looking & being awesome + freedom to be myself without being overshadowed or judged . i'm also an isfp 9 . being a 9 is a piece of work , really . you see all these other perspectives and ways of thinking , except your own . so you're constantly adapting to the needs of others without ...  i don't really know what advice to give since isfps tend to all value different things . just don't make her feel unvalued / unwanted or incompetent . ( i'm saying that because of inferior te , we might ... as for me , i moved a week ago to another city to study foreign languages , so i haven't been to perc for a while . came back to my mom's house for the weekend and now i'm back to listening to music and ... in my experience , intps and isfps don't always get along , but with smooth communication and with the least amount of drama ( which both luckily tend to hate ) , and sufficient maturity ( ! ! ) , they can go ...  my fav melanie martinez song taurus , cancer , scorpio and pisces remind me of infj the most . although signs aside , i find that infj fits astonishingly well with the description of sun in the 12th house ( the house of pisces ) . i'm ...  no matter how much i'm complimented or loved , it's so easy to fall into that pit where you feel like a piece of shit and that the whole world hates you . i'm my own worst enemy .  can you explain what you mean by this ? it happened again today . i was planning to go for a walk on nice spring weather and grab a cup of coffee on my way . but before i even finished dressing up , i suddenly decided to make a cup of cocoa ... i'm starting to realize more and more that i do not use thinking / te much . that is not to say i don't use thinking at all . but i'm wondering if i'm actually better at the use of ti than te . the reason ... condolences :( . to me you look just fine idk ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ i feel like my avatar is really simple to explain ... basically it's what i would like to be seen here in the forums . yeah .  ... okay , okay , here's the backstory : when i was an adolescent , ... ( huge urge to dance to this right now )