' every day , your lives pass before your eyes . ouch man that hurt . please try again . this thread is now a designated safe space , my preferred pronouns are don , donnie , and donnie t . it sounds like you haven't even given it any thought as to what you should do with your life and are just being lazy asking others to tell you what to do . what you should do with your life is ... i can't stand bullshit , i see right through people . i've logged 1898 hours on arma 2 day z mod so yea you could say i get a raging boner for post apocalyptic survival games . it is generally a good idea to end your current romantic relationship before trying to start new ones . i wouldn't want to be involved with you . there is no system and there are no rules in dating . i stopped reading after this . fuck it and go for it anyways . move fast and break things , and always remember to burn bridges . you have obviously never taken any economics classes . maybe in the perfect world yea but that's not how our world works . it is more expensive to sentence someone to death than to let them rot in jail . why is that ? i am only generous to those i truly care about , anyone else can get lost . hi , i'm andrew . atlas shrugged and anthem by ayn rand were pretty good . i would like to read more but i get bored easily and right now i'm busy reading textbooks . what's wrong with curiosity ? if anything you shouldn't trust her yea people who have proven they are unfit to live in society , so why just waste them ? make them useful to the rest of society . not an infp but i'd like to chime in . i suggest instead of the death penalty those criminals should just be put in forced labor camps . why waste a source of labor ? what is killing someone going to ... i'm afraid of driving in the rain with my racing slicks on , its kind of exciting but not very fun when your car decides to steer itself . if you are having fun with him then i don't see a problem with you two hanging out again . yes definitely he is confused about what he wants but regardless of mbti if someone walks out on their one week old kid then they are a piece of shit . shots fired got my associates in automotive technology now i'm getting a bs in computer science . i don't think anyone would really enjoy that kind of situation . i feel really uncomfortable when people i don't really know try to give me hugs , but if you are someone i'm romantically interested in then i probably wont want to ever let go . sounds like he can't get you off his mind . be proud that you are important enough to have that sort of impact on someones life . it's possible that he still wants to be a part of your life but at the ... possibly estp but it is impossible to really tell for sure . why don't you ask him to take the myers briggs test ? the dreams that i do remember tend to be very realistic and i often confuse them with reality . last time i encountered a cop i was in ocean city and someone was getting pulled over for doing a burnout so i shouted fuck the police then i get a tap on my shoulder so i spin around and stare a ... i like my friends who are accepting of my occasional risky behavior and may even join in . why were you nervous ? did you like him ? i will never blindly follow some preacher spewing out contradictory shit . what's the point ? you have the chance of making your situation worse . if you are okay with hurting someone the go ahead and attempt to apologize . to restate what has already been said , talk to him about what you feel and be very direct . why didn't you just talk to him about this ? communication is important . bison burger topped with strips of steak , bbq sauce and provolone cheese . i tried fixing a relationship with a girl i had strong feelings for , didn't work . don't attempt to fix something you don't know how to fix unless you are okay with the chance that you might break it ... to be able to post links or images your post count must be 15 or greater . you currently have 1 post now i don't feel like sharing anymore . be direct with what you want . just ask him , how hard is that ? it drives me absolutely crazy when women try to play games to see if i'm interested in them , immediate turn off . '