' definitely fi . even as a little kid i was not so easily swayed by popular consensus . control me or constantly criticize me or treat me unfairly / with disrespect . enfp my istj is just like that . services and touch . all action love languages esfp words of affirmation and quality time i am ! im sure your a great person too just a little on the uptight side . live a little , its a funny thread . best trolling ive seen in a while . right . i was excited to read the intjs dry reaponses . next stop should be istp or estp . it amuses me even more so when he gets a stir out of people dear posh eagle , please make more threads . sincerely , super amused and avoiding work . haha ! love it ti is very subjective isnt it ? ( quite an analogy , someone needs to take a cold shower huh ~ ) it would make sense if this theory was true , wouldn't judging function by nature be detailed ? an it being introverted and introspective , ... esps and sjs definitely on here atleast . what just happened to this thread lol i am a esfp and as far as my politics go i don't really give a shit but if you had to gauge my values per se on the scale of left or right i probably lean more right then left . but i think both ... shit . i'd love to be an nt woman . funny , intelligent , confident , and not plagued by irrational emotions . you guys often are my dream type . you have it all imho . my best friend would agree . shes 100 % infp . fi can be a bitch , especially when its your dom . but its also capable of much good ! infps are wonderful ! they got that ne humor , that fi indiviuality and ... haha im sure its even harder for fi and ti doms ! not to mention senseors espically if its kind of a round about question instead of a straight forward . im not sure cant do as much damange as blindly guessing does . i think they need to go into more specific detail . im good at big picture but not when it comes to self . haha i do the same thing . i agree with charlie.elliot its gotta be that damn fi . i always question whether i do that or not . i wish there was a idk option on the questions . my gma is an esfj and shes pretty freaking hilarious . she can definitely make a joke , just can't take one as well :P . i am extremely mercy over justice . i sometimes get in my justice will be served moods but when push comes to shove i am a total empath . he is ! i do that same shit on weed . it turns me into a super infp . but sober i'm def an esfp lol take it from an exfx were not thaat different . theres really no way to go around talking to us , just talk . exfx love people , as along as you make conversation were cool . gross im definitely not country girl ... no offense to any i like doing both , i'm done with anything as long as it involves me and other people exfps definitely . i know personally i come off as an easy going happy girl but they're layers and layers of concentrated and complicated fi most people don't know about . haha im still not sure how that happened ! mom embraced and loved our se , dad not so much loll . infj + infj = 2 esfps my moms an infj and we get along fine . this right here . nothing motivates me better than some friendly competition and trash talking . i can see how that does go on and earlier when the form started there was definitely a lot of intuitive bias against sensors . now i just see it being talked about more than i actually see it ... think of it like this i've always looked at introversion-extraversion as one person has an advantage that the other one doesn't stereotypically have . neither is better than the other . typically ... dude i love intps . what about intp do you not like ? work on that instead . aha oh my god this made me bust out laughing while talking to my grandma on the phone . so wrong but so right - describe the very first things that jump out to you in this picture . at first i see the general theme of the picture , which was a mountain and the first things that pop into my head was ... 71 % match 2 % enemy nah unknown personality is the all the rage now . haha ! maybe so . my grandmama is a funny one though . i love her to pieces . no esfj hate here <3 i have an esfj grandmama and she is hilarious . back in my rebel days i stole some of her prescription xanax , and she found out . all i got was a don't do that again . the next day we were about ... i like this idea . i dont think anyone fits there types stereotype to a t . i am an esfp stereotypical i love people i feel like every interaction with a person is a chance to perform i love ... sounds like they need to get a grip and grow some balls . i struggle with criticism but i don't get petty about it . i just analyze it for a bit and am like oh well this isn't something to stop my ... white and gold hells yeah , this even gets an esfp going i really do enjoy being an esfp for the most part , fi is a gift and a bitch at times , but i like the individuality of it . i love se though and te . i kind of want to experience what ti is like ... lmao ! expressive awww quit , your making me blush : blushed : . i wish i could freestyle dance , your friend sounds cool . you infjs aren't too bad yourselves . yalls all knowing-ness , makes you guys an excellent ... yeah i guess a lot of esfps are really more into the expierencing side of things . i like to use my vault of vast facts to create experiences , entertainment and to use them as references for making ... enfp . thought i was for the longest time but after some cognitive study i concluded i'm just an esfp with a insatiable hunger for knowledge . i'm a so / sx , and my sx used to drive me insane . now i just channel it into my cats and its made me a lot chiller with relationships . i still don't see it as a disease though , i love my desire to ... '