' actually this thread reminds me more of taing styles . my best friend in grad school is almost definitely an entp and his teaching style is similar to other people's descriptions of entps . he's much ... i'm not a big fan of homework threads , especially if someone besides op posts the solution . i thought the first few hint type posts were appropriate , as well as the beginning of kneeseekerarrow's ... hey , that sounds like me ( kinda ) , therefore , you must be an intp :p faulty logic aside , i do want to point out that everyone has all the cognitive functions , it's just how much you prefer each ... the giant's tight end is ready to go ... made me lol yeah i learned more about the game watching it with friends ( and later going on a wikipedia spree ) . as for the giants winning ... once get them stumbling through victories all season , you can't ... so , the other night i was heading back to the lab from my car . i was thinking a number of tenuously related things when suddenly the following train of thought occurred : ... and then i will go up ... i wasn't very interested in football until recently . i played in highschool ( even though i had no idea what the rules where in the beginning ) . my best friend at grad school is a giants fan , so that's ... well put . i can't add anything at the moment without repeating it , so i'll just say thank you :) you know you're a thinker when ... you mistake your friend's joking comment for a serious ... i don't know , i thought she was an infp when i played through , but i guess that could be due to seeing the art as more feeling than thinking . although , i think i see what you mean ... her obsession ... if i knew any infps , i'd be able to compliment you from personal experience , but alas , i do not :( unless you count fictional characters ( like rin from katawa shoujo [ at least i think she's infp ] ) . ... actually , i believe what dementia in absentia was showing was that intp and isfp have the opposite order of functions : intp has ti first , ne second , while isfp has ne 7th and ti 8th . this is ... i scored mostly male , and i aced the 3 - d shapes ; maybe organic chem major wasn't such a surprise ^ . ^ angles your score : 14 out of 20 average score for men : 15.1 out of 20 average score for ... when he was stateside , we had a great ( 5 ) relationship , but since he moved to the other side of the world , we barely talk these days ( 1 ) , so i split the difference ( 3 ) . bs in chemistry ( acs certification too ) and then to grad school for a phd in organic chem . also , intp intp : ti > ne > si > te > ni > fe > se = si hypotheical and somewhat generalized situation : problem occurs between two mutual friends ( alice and bob ) . ne : somethingx 92s amissx 85 se : just saw it on ... here are the ones that i see in myself , with the bolded ones especially so . 3 . you have a million good ideas and a thousand unfinished projects . 4 . you say more in the 2 sentences that ... i've got two term papers to finish in addition to a presentation on my semester's research . and two finals . but instead i inevitably hit the solitaire like a junkie to crack . actual : intp preferred : intj attracted : intj well , i certainly would like to be more organized , however , i find that extroversion is useful in the world for getting stuff done . also , i like ... after a few failed attempts at getting a relationship started with a girl , last summer i decided to lose my virginity in amsterdam . for me , it was weird : i wanted to be intimate and have an ... well , i think the perceive the world in the same way was referring to n vs . s perception . yes , ne and ni are different perception functions , but it's closer than ne and si , which would result ... well , one of my org profs told me : a week's work in the lab is worth an hour in the library . typically the phrases are reversed , but i find it funnier this way . rejection , yes , commitment no . i do hate running out of options , though . my fears are dying alone and an apocalyptic event , zombie or otherwise . i'm not too afraid of growing up , but sometimes ... for a long time i thought i was an infp in secret because i care about people . turns out i only care about those close to me and not very much at all about strangers . i also feel much more ... i agree . when i first saw the glasses icon , i was upset , but just stayed away from the forums for a few days . happy : thank you for making a much cooler icon . i am doing chemistry research and i thought it would be very routinized , but when you are doing your own it's not . granted , i have a professor guiding me and telling me to try this or that and he ... i daydream all the time . my enfp friend and i bounce ideas off of each other all the time . brainstorming with him is awesome . personally though , last year i made a schedule to see what would ... i have to say the bolded phrase particularly resonates with me . i always thought that even though fe was my inferior trait , i am still somewhat nice and accommodating to people , not just out of ... aside from sarcasm and humour ( often the same ) , what i say is the truth . i have a very hard time lying , even for a prank . as a matter of fact , i have a hard time saying the truth when it's a set-up ... yeah , i definately did and continue to do that . when i first found out i was an intp , i looked up all the intp descriptions and either incorporated some of them into my life of realized that i'm not ... i have to agree . i hardly notice it , but i do it all the time , very naturally . sometimes is ruins the fun of ne :P as for ne , i also do that without thinking because i daydream alot . i use si ... so , any fellow introverted thinkers find that sometimes pure , single-minded thinking gets in the way ? now , i would never trade my awesome brain for anything , but sometimes i feel like i think too ... deist intp here . personally , my morals stem from axioms based on reason , a few values ( i . e . subjective faith-based ) and all the logical derivations therefrom . what does that mean ? i keep thinking ... i would do the same - - seclusion and distraction would be my method until either i solved it or it solved itself . i would usually encounter it in periods of high stress , especially related to ... sunrain : good to hear on your progress ! when theory meets practice , things can really shine . calysco : i have had those types of situations too ; i wish i was ballsy as you in dismissing the ... my younger brother is an entp , although as of late he is introverting . i like how you guys are great social navigators . while i can meet others at a party , my brother easily makes friends ... i too love to hear how awesome i am . but , it must be genuine , preferably relating to competence . ex : that's an elegant solution ; you are very good at x is preferable to that's an elegant outfit ; ... parabola by tool i have to rank them too . recently , i've had to extrovert more often than i like , so i recently came up as an entp , which just means i'm using my auxiliary function more often . i like how neeat and ... very nice . looking at the functions of the type i believe is key to understanding and especially to comparing two types . yes , borderline p / j doesn't technically make sense , but your very nice ... i typed my best friend as enfj using functions . he told me he is an extrovert and he definitely is a feeler . nf sounded like the best fit for him , and he has a vivid imagination and rarely pays ... i can understand the concept of losing faith ; i went through a similar period myself . it's difficult and i still wrestle with the thorny questions of existence every day , but i have come to some ... well , as for the touching thing , intps are still human and as such , some measure of physical contact , however small , is nice and perhaps needed . however , people randomly hugging me or getting ... well , i too like to keep an open mind , meaning that i won't have an opinion on something until i have thoroughly investigated it . example : i have not investigated the jfk shooting so i don't know ... i'm chemistry - - acs certificate . so far , i love organic chemistry and i plan on earning my ph . d . in organic or medicinal chemistry in order to do pharmaceutical r & d . my goal is to set up my own ... yeah , i never seem to hit that time ... usually midnight gets me enough so i can make it through the day , but still , i gotta be careful . now , if i go to be at 9 pm or earlier , i'm awake at midnight . ... same here . i used to get away with it , but now i have no choice but morning classes :( if i go to bed at 10 , i'm good , but once it hits around 1 am , there's no stopping me for a few hours at ... when i'm pacing ( i . e . alone ) , i often practice conversations with others . sometimes i get somewhere , sometimes i just loop it . either way , i feel like i'm socializing but without the fear of ... gnat : why does your post follow the conventions of proper written english as opposed to the more popular net-speak ? do you cringe when you read a spelling or grammatical error or when someone ... well , throughout the song he refers to dreams , his imagination and how the world is magical . this is much more intuitive than sensing ( heavy use of metaphors , appeal to imagination ) and more feeling ... well this definitely screams nf to me ... owl city - - fireflies edit : here's the official music video . if i had to type it , i would say infp . ... '