' i'm 24 but i'm often met with a really ? ! 24 ... no way ... and told i look about 17 . i'm quite petite and i have big eyes and a baby face . buying alcohol is always a pain ! :D i agree with sarek . i think your friend's issues go far deeper than just slightly over-zealous moral views . seems to me like his need for moral ' cleanness ' based on his own personal standards and ... apparently i prefer extroverts at 80 % . i don't think that's true though ... i think i'm just physically attracted to rounder , softer faces and big , warm eyes , which the extroverts in the test all ... i'm a vegetarian and have been for 14 years now . my entire family fazed out meat over a very short period of time for ethical reasons . the thought of eating something that had once been alive and ... it's one of my faults i think ... if someone has offended me in some way ( and bitching behind my back would qualify ) , if there's no good explanation and i don't receive a heartfelt apology , i will ... screwedupsweetie : i think you may be right about sophie . :) kiki from kiki's delivery service ( tombo an istp ? ): ofelia from ... sophie from howl's moving castle chihiro ' sen ' from spirited away ... every miyazaki hero and heroine ever ! i'm 24 . :) frodo from lord of the rings and sarah from labyrinth ( how could i forget ? ) cassie from skins . maybe maxie too . luna lovegood from harry potter michael from queer as folk ( probably in between infp and enfp ... ) link from the zelda games hufflepuff here ! another cat here ! but a little fluffy cat , because they tend not to be as sharp and graceful as skinny , slinky cats ... modern family , the daily show and what about six feet under guys ? ! such an infp show ! book rec ! how to talk to anyone - 92 little tricks for big success in relationships . it has some great tips for small talk . luna crescent ! sounds more like a fantasy novel heroine than a porn star ... this is another one of those threads that i click on and it could be actually written about me ! i worry constantly about bothering people , from little things like the times that i reply to their ... yes ! what you described is me exactly . especially the part about the mind becoming unclear and less articulate around others then when alone . it frustrates me a lot actually , that my brain becomes so ... i often annoy people by being overly empathetic too i think . if someone is bad or lashes out i often look beyond their actions to what causes them to act . what the psychological reasons behind their ... i would love to believe ... in an amazing afterlife ( but not one created by any god ) that one day there will be worldwide equality ( not government enforced equal-ness . just no one being unjustly ... i have that pressure on the chest that you mentioned . its something that's only recently ( like in the last couple of years ) developed . it feels like there is a weight pressing down on my chest all ... i definitely get a strange sense of enjoyment from wallowing in my depressed moods . it feels ... comfortable . familiar . i'm am really bad at holding grudges . if someone hurts or offends me , or especially if they humiliate me , if i don't feel like i've gotten an adequate , sincere apology then i'll hold that grudge ... my mum is an infj and she gets under my skin in a bad way ! i feel i'm a very stereotypical infp . very introverted , not that assertive accept for the things that i believe strongly in . i hate confrontation , even watching debates on tv makes me feel awkward ... * nods * uncontrollably loud noise scares the hell out of me too ! loving missy higgins right now . when you're in a low mood , her music is beautiful and emotional enough to allow you to experience that odd almost-enjoyment from wallowing in it , but not so depressing ... i try really hard to buy fair trade clothing where i can now , especially after i saw the program blood , sweat and t-shirts , which just highlighted some of the awfulness that goes on in the textile ... not claustrophobia , social anxiety or agoraphobia , like grimmteather said . sometimes when i'm in a large space with a big crowd , especially an energetic crowd where there is a lot of social ... a lot of people say that i'm sweet and naïve . i guess that comes across as innocence to a lot of people . it certainly doesn't help that i look about 5 years younger than i am ! i definitely believe in true love and i believe in soulmates too , although not in the mystical ' twin flame / soul ' definition . i believe in a soulmate not necessarily being someone with whom you're ... i love brian froud :  ... ^ ___ ^ of course . i didn't think that your parents would be as bad as the ones in matilda or harry potter ( that would be a case for social services for sure ! ) , but it's nice to have someone to relate ... default ? umm ... probably restless longing . yes ! my mind always goes to the worst case scenario ! it's actually really horrible . little things make me think i have big awful things . i have to have a small operation in the next couple of months ... stunning ! thank you for the link . i downloaded this last week , but there was no sound . :( it sounds like you're in the same situation as the little girl matilda from the roald dahl book ! if you haven't read the book or watched the movie yet , you really must ! i'm sure you'll relate . ... it sounds like it must be incredibly hard to live with that kind of family . when you're a sensitive person born into an insensitive or apathetic family , it can be so incredibly lonely . my family is ... autumn . definitely . especially the turn of summer to autumn . it's so beautiful . it's like there's something magic in the air ! yup ! i have a terrible memory ! especially for faces , names and places . i've lived in the same village my whole life , but there are places i still don't know how to get to and would probably get lost ... agreed ! the sensitive ' boy next door ' kind of guy is totally my type ! equality is a big one for me . people should be judged on who they are as people , not what they are . discrimination and violence against woman , different skin colours and sexuality make me so ... i barely know anything about astrology , so i have no idea if any part of it is believable , but i do know that i'm a taurus ( ♉ ) and year of the tiger . taurus does sound like me in some places , but ... yes ! i sometimes have proper full-on rages , although i don't scream on the outside , i get extremely tense and vengeful on the inside . my thoughts can turn really dark and i have even locked myself ... i love to walk ! i have a really active imagination and when i listen to music and imagine i can conjure things in my mind so vivid it's like i'm watching a movie ! it's really easy for me to drift off ... the where the wild things are movie was cute too ! i'm a freelance artist . i illustrate magazines and books and do commissions for individual clients . working freelance is hard , unstable work though . i haven't decided if i want to become an in-house ... yes , i definitely get restless a lot . i always seem to be waiting for something to happen , but i find going for a walk , even if i have to make up a reason or purpose for the walk , helps me feel like ... i do that too ! a lot of the time i'll make-up an excuse to walk down to the town or the shop just to give me somewhere to walk while i listen to music . i almost got run over today , i was totally ... '