' i disagree . even though one knife cuts things better than the other , they're both still knives . one isn't more like a knife than the other , it's just better . if we applied this to nts , then we'd get ... i giggled , and then realised why this question is ridiculous . you can't have something that's more carlike than something else - either it is a car , or it isn't ( excluding quibbling about utes and ... :d ry : 10char o . o if half of the nts are efficient , and the other half are inefficient , then why is being efficient an embodiment of an nt ? you're obviously a masochist . there's no other reason to be posting in this thread so much . go and write angsty poetry , emo-dude . i dislike you for pointing out my mistakes :P in your first post , you can't count . thirty plus thirty is sixty , and there are clearly only 56 pages . fail maths in kindergarten ? nice emo / bieber haircut , dude . i refute your advice ! being an outcast is fun ! that said , i'm sure it'll be a help to some people . but i can't imagine ever smalltalking . i'm not sure i agree with this - it seems , to me , to be more of a j / p thing . i can as easily picture an xntp leaving it to the last moment as i can see a xstj planning years ahead . thing is , whenever i think of pirates i think of sp . sparrow seems , to me , to be such an unusual pirate - so much so that everyone else in the series comments on it . having ruminated on this matter ... i wasn't sure at first , but apart from making up plans on the fly , i always identified his ' fountain of youth ' chasing as more n than s . i'm never very good at that distinction though , so i could ... nice work being a pigeonholing , inflexible , typist bastard . i was never interested in real people who shared my type , i was all oooh ! i'm the same type as the doctor ! and jack sparrow ! and house ( possibly ) ! yeah , i'm a bit of a nerd . the morning ? hah . i'm not up before 1pm . 3/10 you look like you're drunk . are you ? i attack the idea first . generally , people can't defend the idea well enough , or they get hot under the collar , or start attacking me . then i ... attack the idea personally ? it's difficult to ... i think i'm 7-4- 8 . but the 8 could change to ... something . i'm not at all in tune with my gut centre . i'm going to bump this cause i want to know what people think . for people who don't know him , he's a musical comedian from australia , who's been getting well known recently . ... an australian-centric one : the carbon tax is a good thing . the only one i really identify with at all is the discoverer . super intellectual and that's illogical . particularly the second one . also , noises in space . i dislike it when a show lacks internal logic . and i loathe people who , when i point this out , say it's sci-fi / fantasy ! it doesn't have to make sense ! it has to make sense ... whenever i see hipsters , i think of enneagram 4s . they seem to have the same desire to be different . ( see my signature . ) tim minchin . murklins adv . in the dark the one-eyed cat pounced murklins and somehow managed to swallow a lump of coal . got it from here : save the words one of my favourite sites :) first . who needs love ? sluei . my type description bites . prone to addiction , often late , does not think things work out for the best , impatient , discontent , negative , opinionated , acts without thinking , preoccupied ... people are typing him as n ? i would've thought s , definitely . firstly , the obsessive attention to detail , the world around him . holmes gets practically all of his information from his senses , not ... ok , a question here . i've been ruminating on my type for some time , specifically ( like so many other people ) on extroversion and introversion . when it comes down to e vs . i , i would definitely be ... there's an mbti thread over on nanowrimo ; apparently over half the writers there test as infj . green entp for myself : buy a house ( with a swimming pool , libraries , laboratories , etc ) and a private jet plane . hire a work force for cleaning and cooking and the like . learn to fly the jet plane . spend my ... i told a friend today that if i found a skull in my neighbourhood , i'd keep it and not tell the police , because i've always wanted a real human skull . apparently , that's insensitive because the ... js in general annoy me more than ps . perhaps an enfj . hm ... i'd probably get along with isfps best . whenever i get together with sts , we always end up butting heads . entp why bother following the rules ? entp and something . michelangelo / raphael are tied first , followed by donatello . leonardo is last . probably through neglect , i wouldn't be brave enough to jump , or shoot or anything . i'd probably just stop eating / sleeping / drinking and die of exhaustion or something . i agree . i thought it was nice . the possessive form of mbti - this is my t , and my n , and they're mine . and i love them . ... speaking of emotional ts . through fear . never taken a real iq test , but my internet scores were all in that category . sorry for being arrogant :) seriously , though , i'm sure i've seen other aptitude-related tests , and the results seem ... your aspie score : 125 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 74 of 200 you are very likely an aspie ... around 3 days . i've pulled all nighters quite a few times , for various reasons . apparently keith richards once stayed awake for 9 days , then fell asleep standing up and broke his nose . i also do it when others are around . i'm an nt , my parents are nfs , and my brother is an sp . entp - wild cat wildcat personalities do not differ substantially from their domestic cousins and exhibit the aloof behavior that is common to all felines . with their well-deserved reputations as ... thanks for all your help , guys . i've decided i'm an entp :D i don't think it will always be irrational from all sides , it just seems that way because people tend to be very passionate about their belief . however , the fact is that we probably won't ever reach ... i think i'm n because i identify with so much of its description - preferring the theoretical to the practical , doing new things , interested in the abnormal and thinking about the future . however , ... anyone care to type him ? i'm pretty sure he's an nt . maybe an i as well ? '