what you mean ... just look at it . wierdo yeah xstp . muscle cars . the slick look . the mirror part is his inferior / tert fe nagging at him . the difference between inferior / tert fe vs dom / aux fe . its a switch we turn on / off the music video you posted , everything about it is istp . how can you not see that . you arent feeling anything . just look at it . its like the most istp thing you can ever see . intj here 1 ) want to help others when you can . when i can 2 ) strive to be empathetic in your dealings with other people . i try 3 ) value compassion . sometimes 4 ) value people for who they are , ... i hate it because currently im depressed and i can find a flaw in them ive realized intp especially intp , perception is everything . with shitty perception your going to build theoretical systems ... that is a good question ... time to think :) that is a good question ... time to think :) recently i've noticed that i cant seem to have fun . i can't do things just for the sake of doing , i need reason . so , when i reason then this leads to overthinking . mentally exhausted most of the ... first off ... infp's = emotionally charged people the thought of fi , along with it being connected to an infp makes me cringe . i know a few infp's , one of which i no longer speak to , because she ... lmao you cried over sao ! ! ! hahaha google does wonders . which leads to my random thought . i am super duper grateful for the internet . baby , i dont know where i would be without you . so easily accessible and useful . you are my ... i guess ill be the one to ask pics or it didnt happen ! is this where i sign up ? m 18 single intp but can be infp very thoughtful 5 + years experience at corporation management ( mcdonalds manager ) rate : 5 dollars an hour take it or leave it seems like all 3 of us are on the same page here lol yep . while education is much more strict there it isnt about the speed regarding math . its the approach , this has to do moreso with middle school and high school than in college but generally us ... it really does asian countries are ahead by ~ 2 years . so 6th grade math here is like 4th grade math there it really does asian countries are ahead by ~ 2 years . so 6th grade math here is like 4th grade math there i know my fe just wanted you to say it . feeels goood hehe ;) why ? i do this . once i understand the concept / theory i already know the math so i dont do it =) no what im saying is that investing / funding in any scientific area is based on cost-benefit analysis . thats the primary reason to why all diseases arent curable . big companies dont think money ... yeah me too . cus im a badass intp infp infj intj enfj haha , whether or not that may be exactly the case i got a good kick outta that one . lack of funding usually has to do with its cost-benefit analysis in business . mbti might be seen as such a specific ... with sciences like mathematics or physics you can work back and forwards to prove a theory . you cant do that with subjects like psychology or sociology , you can only make assumptions and hope for it ... well since you asked , deep . as deep to the neurons found in the parietal lobe . cmon we're intps the dissectors , silly question :D if infps want as a soulmate / connection how did reach out to her ? the closest thing i can relate an intp to is a os or computer . ive read somewhere that infp and intj's are supposedly good pairings i ... - i thought jung derived his theory through psuedo-scientific reasoning ? how can you empirically prove the use of cognitive functions as well as 16 types , where an individual learns to use 4 major ... i dont know how old you are but you gotta meet a healthy infp one day . some i know are wise , chill , confident , independent just dont get into any arguements with them or criticize any of there ... haha nice analogy , i understand and relate . sounds like an ideal istj enfp relationship though lol are any of them not crazy ? they seem pretty laid pack in the nf subforum ? =D and are you from il ? lol y no not like that . get your head out of the gutter . seems to be a lot of intp infp posts going around here so i might as well join what i do mean is understand her deep emotional beliefs values ... the fact that i have to ask myself is there a ti ? what proofs or conceps do i have that makes me agree or disagree with this . to question myself every statement or question sent my direction . the ... that's like becoming a race car driver but hating cars or becoming a engineer but hating math or becoming a counsellor but you hate people or ok i'll stop . you can do it i guess but does ... wow i see much truth to this . yes since they are the idealists they are the true romantics . being an inpatient intp who just wants to get things moving if i like a girl it scares them away , and i ... exactly , people can decide their own purpose and do what they want . intps are meant to be good at solving puzzles and this is a great one to work on . [ / quote ] i gotta give this to intjs . they are ... as much as i like nf's i have a natural tendency to scare them off , that or they see me as too blunt , honest , cold . its like i have to mask my interior to have any real relationship with them . are you sure you're an intp ? you sounds much like balloo the bear from jungle book cartoon . [ / quote ] pretty sure . i say this because we are born into a tire system , ... hey thats not fair to the last minute study procrastinator intps ! ive watched quite a bit of youtube videos on louis ck and i always thought he was intp , but it seems to me now that might be infp . if you relate louis ck with bill hicks , you can see they have very ... connecting dots , using principles . my commute home i take the quiet train , sit in the back , and ideas flow through my head . some have to do with my day at school , school stuff , societal ... ok , but only you how do u go about relationships that you care about ? if , you do have any that you care about . - humans are sheep on earth - intps are programmed robots on earth - intps can program themselves to believe whatever they believe is true - there are infinite possible solutions to any question ... well what do you think aspergers is then ? do you think its some made up thing ? simply nothing ? a weird combination of cognitive impairment ? really ? i dont think so . i think intps are good at looking at both point of views , but want to find the absolute truth . what is the sake of debate ? sounds like more of an entp or enfp thing to me the why do ... ? needs to stop . as if the topic at hand is already assumed empirically true . how about do entjs and intps get along ? if so why . if you make that assumption we get into a super ... the major difference between intp and entj . lol yeah sounds like over complicating the hidden meanings of a question . which is followed by another with an oversimplified answer . and your left wondering how the fcuk did they get that ? and ... isnt this seen in intp's as well ? when i read water vs rock i think judgers vs percievers indecisive vs inflexibility as for your career situation i think the answer lies within you and only you . in more general terms id always ...