' it totally bugs me that there's no updated list . so i'm gonna revive an old thread by adding one : jason gideon : infj ( intuitive vibes , warm compassionate demeanor , sensitive and morally driven ... the more responses the merrier . <3 hey there ... i'm entj , and i've noticed that this is a big problem my isfp has had with me as well . since i am totally and completely in love with and committed to him , i see it as a very ... what are some prime examples of your inferior fi in use ? any tips on honing it in ? how i feel about intps .  lol . now that i've successfully managed to screw timeless over by leading everyone to the merry bandwagon that is his shining butthole , i doubt he'll want to help me ever again . but if in the event ... love it . you guys make me grin from ear to ear . :) i've learned that i need to be more careful what i say around him because a lot of the times , certain things will be taken literally , and then other times when he's having a more ni-heavy moment , ... hey hopeless , to answer your questions : yes , i most certainly do have someone special in mind : 2 years on / off with the most wonderful man i've ever met ! an amazing isfp . i perceive my isfp ... first off : i want to say how much i just love getting responses from you on all my tedious questions here at the isfp sub-forum . they're always content-rich and really insightful ! secondly , to ... only hopeless agreed with entrpeneur . these are some wonderful and extremely insightful answers ... thank you so much for taking the time to reply . :) what are some of your favorite movies and tv shows these days ? what constitutes criticism for an isfp ? as a te user , i tend to make objective observations or impersonal statements pretty frequently , and i think sometimes this can lead to my isfp's feelings ... what type of things ( statements , actions , observations , criticisms or questions ) tend to offend or hurt an isfp ? i'm asking because i would like to know ( as an entj ) what to avoid ( and how to be ... i've been on and off with an isfp for two years , and i find that i have a very hard time understanding his need to retreat . this inability to understand sometimes leave me feeling worried . i feel ... what are you like in a relationship ? do you seek long-term relationships ? are you intimately familiar with the saying for better or worse ? would you be likely to carry a relationship on ... i saw that , and deliberately ignored it . i'd rather my questions not get lost in a swamp of other questions . fi-dom sensors . as introverts , you often require time alone to process and sort through your emotions as well as enjoy yourself in your own little worlds . i'd like to understand this concept as best ... fi-dom intuitives . as introverts , you often require time alone to process and sort through your emotions as well as enjoy yourself in your own little worlds . i'd like to understand this concept as ... what are you like in a relationship ? do you seek long-term relationships ? are you intimately familiar with the saying for better or worse ? would you be likely to carry a relationship on ... what are you like in a relationship ? do you seek long-term relationships ? are you intimately familiar with the saying for better or worse ? would you be likely to carry a relationship on ... timeless i started a trend . i'm sorry ! : blushed : anesthesia , please . this new one doesn't sit so well with me after all . - you know you're not an infj if you haven't mistyped at least 3 times or considered the possibility that you were any other type but infj . - you know you're not an infj if you are incapable of ... awesomesauce . thank you so much ! treebob timeless promethea is that cheating ? well anyway , if it's not , i would like my name changed to vitruvia , pretty please . :) why is this thread so short ! ? the intouchables silver linings playbook the sentiment of the flesh lie with me diary of a nymphomaniac from beginning to end girl , interrupted the heart is ... going through this right now . it's such a mindfuck , i can't even wrap my heart around it ! thanks for the advice though . i appreciate your take on the matter . i might just have to heed it and let you ... it's so ... 8 - y . : tongue : i know i have a tendency to be aggressive , straight-shooting , controlling , narcissistic and a whole slew of other terrible things ( i'm working on it ) . but i can also be completely pacified like a ... they must be . ' cause i've been having violent / gory dreams ever since i was a kid . one particular where i was in a public square and somebody had hired a hit on me . so when the gunman came up to me , i ... i may like to retract my previous statement , as i have come to realize something pretty important . while i can't speak for all intjs , i have known a couple ( unfortunately , including myself ) who are ... kso i started one of these threads for entjs awhile back , when i noticed that there hadn't been one stickied yet . now i'm starting one for you guys . ( mostly for selfish reasons because i'm bored , ... isla you pretty much just spoke my mind . : shocked : to quote , for further information : although , to some extent , eights fear physical harm , far more important is their fear of being disempowered or controlled in some way . eights are ... ( you're welcome :) ) there is no need to leave your other friendships for her comfort . i would recommend that the next time you get a moment to spend with her one-on-one , you find a very gentle ... i'm back with more . entp : entj : ... i'm on par with octavian regarding this issue . seeing that i also have an 8w9 in my enneagram ( with sx at the top of my variant stack ) i often feel possessive ( protective ? ) of my sos and the ... to elaborate : i've dated an isfp in the past ( for over a year ) - and as you can tell from many posts i made about it - it didn't go , or end well . despite the fact that he and i shared the same ... estp : xnfp after discovering their friend isn't pretty ( on the inside ): ... infj : esfj : ... i know this is a topic that's been brought up before , but it seems to have been quite some time ago . not wanting to rehash and old thread , i've decided to start a new one . without giving too much ... jjkul your siggy . oh my gawd . : laughing : if you mean go happily unnoticed and space right the fuck out , i might say infp ? type most likely to win an oscar . i wish to know more about this . sometimes i get the sense that there is too much information to take in and not enough brain power to devour and recall it all . i'm frustrated by the idea that there is so much to learn and no way to ... i'm in my early twenties . and he abruptly cut contact with me last night . which is not unusual for him . this isfp didn't have much of a peaceful demeanor at all either .. by all definitions , he's ... '