' oh shit , he actually talks - _ - i'm disappointed that you don't listen to tyler the creator everyone else likes it / agrees with me , therefore it's better than ( whatever you say ) why don't you ... looking back , i think i've had so many opportunities with girls . just yesterday , at walmart in the magazine / book aisle , this chick was whispering to her sister and looking at me and then walked all ... i never make friends . i always let them befriend me ... i have quite a lot for not ever initiating conversations . now girlfriends are another story . in this capitalist society in which we live in , the boy with the most toys wins . when i was younger , around 11 and below i would always try and point every flaw in their logic and try to make them look bad in front of my fellow pupils because i was teh sh1t . now i just sit ... intp here :) haha though i am pretty good at math , i am no mathalete ! but i was a secret stoner ... people did not expect it when they found out . and i used to fall into more of the skater kid but ... i wanna be an entp ! too much ti here ! > < i used to be really talkative at 10 years old and under but i know everybody thought i was annoying . maybe i might be entp ... i read somewhere that they go ... 1.people - people are people - depeche mode 2.color - that childrens book where this girl eats a lima bean ... it's called a bad case of stripes by david shannon . that book scared me as a little ... ahaha , that sucks . haha sorry , i guess try to have a debate with her involving many studies ? or show her the documentary called the union : the business behind getting high . i showed that to my ... hmmm not in the mood ehh ... i used to read up on nlp and stuff of that matter and there was this method which involved anchoring your thoughts and feelings to a certain word or movement like snapping ... 241 i see it everywhere in random places for some reason . ehhh , introvert here . i like the day better . early morning when it's nice and cool does it . between you and me , i get paranoid at night ... hmmm ... compliments :) nice weather :) good tunes :) usually if the song goes with the weather and my mood , everything is in perfect synchronicity . ... maybe i'm a closet infp ... i get called cute by girls and sexy by guys :/ but both say i have a baby face . the real you looks wayyy better imo . true true , but even the psych said it was pretty severe . i just needed to concentrate and i didn't have the willpower ... i don't think i would've made it through all my ap / honors classes ... haha no it's actually quite the opposite ! i was having trouble focusing in school ( and have been since forever ) and i did my research ... ( even looked in my mom's psychology / pharmacology books ) and ... i get told that i am arrogant ( intellectually ) often by my parents and some kids at school i have to work with in group projects ... i don't really understand why though . i think that i was born an entp but i gradually become more introverted and full intp by age 14 . well actually , i did go about 8 months ago and was diagnosed with add . my parents were sooo pissed haha they tried to do everything they could to try and tell the psychologist that i didn't have it ... mazda 6 minus the spoiler . i get my license in october so i can't drive it alone yet ... because i asked them why people say please and thank you and why they get so mad at me when i don't tell the store clerk i'm leaving , thank you for your help when he tried hard to make me buy some ... i mean i love thinking and philosophizing about life and exploring theories but i also like watching and doing extreme sports . i'm creative and always come up with new ideas for my friends ... yep , you are for sure an intp . i think the only way you'd be an infj would be if you were more future oriented / system building and place an importance in getting along with people and people getting ... agreed . i like sobriety . it's so ... undiluted . i used to smoke it a lot and i loved how it made me creative and enhanced my senses . ( muchiesss ) it makes me a lot more introverted though and i tend to think a lot more and a lot more ... incredibly failed puppy eyes from 4 months ago typical candid thinking mode ... with the ... you look like an istp ... haha people say an istp may look serious and angry while an intp will look more lost or victimized . you sound like you have a fun life . haha i've tried to produce in fl studio but i always get lazy . and i wish i could seduce women in order to find out how they function :P well if your goal is to have a love life but give up , forever , in trying to attain one then that makes you a loser . because you lost ... however , that is not your goal so you're not a loser . you ... haha that's crazy ! you might be my twin or something ... - the reason i had as on some classes was because i cheated on every test ... the subject matter was incredibly boring and required a lot of data memorizing . - i kissed every girl in pre-school ... when random people ask you if you're high or sad when in reality you're just thinking about something . i think the word stairwell is hilarious ... whenever i hear it , i start laughing and people think i'm weird . i think low self esteem in social situations for an intp is from lack of exposure to those situations . awkwardness is not knowing what to say or how to act in situations . ne allows an intp to just go ... i think peter parker from spiderman is in infp . he is usually late to class ( p ) , he is driven by his emotions to protect his friends / lovers / family , and because he is more nerdy as most intuitives are ... have you looked at the cognitive functions of each type ? if you are an intp , you would be ti dominant meaning that you are usually in your head analyzing things . if you are an entp , you would be ... well this guy , davesuperpowers in his video sensing vs intuition ( my post count isn't high enough to post youtube links ) says that sensors , when they talk to you , will usually have an s stare where ... intp weed makes me quiet but gives me some crazy ideas about life and makes me creative when i make music on fl studio . adderall ( prescribed ) makes me angry and quiet but a lot more productive ... hi , i'm sean , 16 years of age ... been lurking here and other forums for a while . i think i am 98 % sure i am an intp . the other 2 % is the chance of me being an entp because of my past ( ages 12 and ... '