' i agree with all of these ... though , i tend to be competitive whenever i am in a competitive group . for example , i can play cards with my family ( a very cut-throat and competitive group ) and want ... 1 . x files 2 . dexter 3 . babylon 5 4 . firefly 5 . star trek : the next generation - - took me a while to think of tv shows that were fictional ... i also like forensic files , the first 48 , and ... hi 8D i am totally late to the party here . tsuna , i think is an infp . i'm not sure if his type changes when he goes into hyper mode as much as it polishes his ne / si . have you thought about any of ... i think intjs are cute sometimes . : x everyone can be cute sometimes , though ... i'm not sure how type comes into play with cuteness . if i had to choose the ' cutest ' type ... maybe infp ? i am an infj and my three best friends are an istj , an estp , and an enfp . :) 8D i hope no one minds if i poke this despite the thread being dead for 8 months . derp . anyhow , i am inclined to say that miles is an intj because he does seem to rely on ni in the investigations ... if she's taking this long to get back to you , she's probably feeling nervous about something . ( at least , i tend to avoid talking to people when i am feeling uncertain about a situation similar to ... one of my best professors is an entp . :) he's a little abrasive at times , but i really like him . only if it isn't out of your way . m ( _ ) m > _ > i can't believe i spent so long looking at every single one of these . : x does anyone have anymore estp posters ? my roomie who doesn't have an account here is an estp . i shave my pits , but i tend to not shave my legs very often . i have thin , fine leg hairs and i never wear shorts or skirts . everyone is different , even among the same personality types . i can't really talk for her , but ... if she comes to you in the future with a problem , maybe instead of giving her objective advice you ... thank you ~ : 3 i love reborn's outfits and how every single character never realizes it's him except for tsuna . * grabby hands at the fellow reborn fan * i write lists , but rarely look at them ... if that makes any sense at all . for me , the simple act of organizing my thoughts well enough to write them down helps me remember . infj and i would give you ten bucks if you found a genre of music that i didn't like at least one song from . ^ ^ ; my / favorite / though ? i have a hard time picking favorites of anything ... i'm not at all . . _ . i like spicy food , i saw that someone mentioned that before . the reason i watch horror movies is to see the human psyche under stress as opposed to getting myself all riled up . i ... i loved this video . a friend showed it to me the other day , but i can watch it over and over again . it takes two things i love ... game of thrones and old , pixelated rpgs and it combines them into ... yes and no . i don't want people to know the real me unless i allow them to , so i get disgruntled whenever my estp friend and i are in public . she talks about everything , and says if she disturbs ... my joy today is a glass of black , iced coffee with no sugar . it's a good book waiting to be read . it's the smiles on my loved ones ' faces . :) i am not sure if there is a correlation between types or not ... but for me ( infj ) , i feel like the 3 sins that describe me most would be ... pride , gluttony , and sloth . in that order . i am definitely ... being compassionate and being arrogant are different . i'm compassionate , but i tend to get arrogant streaks ... especially when i am unhappy . the way you miss your grandparents and dogs is the way i miss my mother and my grandfather . i cared about both of them , but i knew it was their time to go . both of them defying to doctors ' diagnosis ... i know this is a year late , but i was thinking about making a post on this subject but wanted to check if there was already one made . since there's already one here , i think it'll be a little ... i am an infj and i have three people i would consider ' best friends . ' they are the three people i trust most with the real me . one is my roommate and she is an estp . one is my platonic soul mate , and ... oops ... i'm smart , aren't i ? 8D ; ; ; wow classes : priest - shadow pve , disc pvp ; shaman - resto / ele pve , resto / ele pvp ; druid - feral pve , getting gear for resto my major is biology , and i will be ... first five week courses were human parasitology and beverage survey ( this one was just for fun ) . the second 5 week course was comparative anatomy of vertebrates . x-x ; i think i overestimated myself ... same difference . i love this song ! - only a catch phrase , since i love around 90 % of the songs i've ever listened to . this ___ totally reminds me of you . for the answer if the mystery is solved in any of the books so far , i would say no . there are strong hints , like btmangan posted , but no one has outright said that the hints are justified yet . grrm ... it's windows 7 themed like windows 98 , since i like how it looks better . : 3 i play alliance on akama , though my account isn't activated right now because my summer courses were a little bit tough . xd a passionate distaste for houston ? i'm from texas , and i sometimes feel uncomfortable when i visit houston . i think it is part unfamiliarity on my part , though . austin and denton are much more ... i just told him you said he was handsome . he gave me the most narcissistic high-headed look . :) mbti , katekyo hitman reborn , a song of ice and fire series by george r . r . martin , the hollows series by kim harrison , and ao no exorcist . > _ > i get obsessed easily ... i have to agree that jon snow feels infj to me . before i even got into the books , my friend told me i was like jon snow . after reading them , i realized in horror that she was absolutely right . he ... everyone here has such wonderful looking pets . i love animals , and i've noticed that a lot of infjs have special bonds with their pets . i'm glad i'm not a weirdo for having that kind of thought . : 3 ... 21813 ^ ^ ; thanks . this reply made me blush so much that i feel ten degrees warmer now . i feel the exact way about a few individuals . it takes an awful lot to push me to the point of being unable to forgive , but it does happen . :( 21775 this is my first post here , but ... i am a new infj member here and this was the first thread i checked . :) we're an amazing looking bunch , aren't we ? '