' bass player : it's gotta be an e chord because i'm playing this bass note ( wrong note btw ) . me : well the chord is suspended and has the 5th in the bass so it's really a b minor chord . him : i ... this just in from the alternative facts file at mytle beach ... ...  : rolling : sadly , that last one is my life been away a long while but i'm back now . thanks to haba aba daba aba , thatchadguy , snowflake minuet , and msbossypants for the giggles today . without further ado i give you ... ...  : laughin : . thanks for that ...  just a little clean humor on a monday ...  104 years ago today ...  : rolling : at : 53 two thumbs up mbp ! infj every.single.time ! ( maybe the universe is trying to tell me something ) intriguing question ! my estj loves to bake - me , not so much ( i'm the home cook and am happier whipping up entrees and such :) . she enjoys baking pretty much everything from simple cookies to more ... i've always loved yosemite ...  @ twitchdelabrat and j squirrel ...  fa la la la la ...  ... bet original artist didn't see that ...  a little nerdish ( not to mention late ) but still ... ... hopefully these helpful tips for beating the heat aren't too late ... ...   i guess spacing ( like size ) matters ... : laughing : @ 2:00  ... some of the better hilariously unfortunate sign burn outs ...  64 % infj 12 % enfj 10 % infp 5 % isfj 4 % intj : shocked : ... jk . more or less what i expected . definitely plans : happy : . chaos is too unsettling ... dumb or dumber ? okay , remember , you asked : laughing : ... i'm going to offer up my insight from a retrospective viewpoint . when i was in jr high / high school i remember hearing the phrase if you do what you love , ... ... thank you lyricalwhip for making my friday ! lavell is a riot ! saw him on this last comic standing ep years ago and we're still quoting him ( i need my job i need my job ) . it was pretty cool ... vv this vv stupid things deserve mockery . this is one of those occasions . well done mr . carey , well done . '