' ok ... ill be short with my update as i'm typing from my phone ... as of today , my istj is officially out of my house . to answer your questions ... 1 . yep ! being in an emotional state is crap ! but i normally give time for myself to sink it all in and come to the shortest way possible to move on . personally , i ... 523761 postcard from cambodia with my so istj . and yes , i have a confirmed medical diagnoses of rbf ( resting b ! tch face ) . i try to travel once a year internationally . if local trips , i try to bring my kids with me . i've always seen myself as someone who is a student in the university of life , and one major curriculum ... i cannot comment for any other entj's here but for me personally , i don't like the feeling of self praising . even taking praises from people . sure it gives us a pat on the back , but i do not make a ... hello readers and lurkers , i've been in hiatus . i realized that this thread has become a sad telenovela . i don't honestly take pride of it . in fact , i see it more as a journal now as i continue ... first off , let me commend you for trying to get in the intimate world of your entj superior . but i would say that was a wrong move to make . if you idolized her , fancied her , heck you might even ... so back with the entj woman ranting 2016 style … as what i previously posted , my istj has infiltrated this thread . it doesn ’ t bother me at all , because in the first place this is my way of venting ... hope santa is still around ... in my case i would definitely love to have these things ... 1 . an 8 set cooking ware ( hell , i cook a lot and i need sturdy pots and pans to withstand my ... i once had this conversation with a male british guy friend before and he said to me ... i understand that your personality is strong compared to other women . you are a very proud woman , and not a ... lol this got me laughing so hard ... thanks for injecting humor to this thread . to the readers and lurkers , i'll be back with more of my dating blabbing in the next few days . entj's are lousy liars . for a person to be manipulative theres a great need to lie , and we don't do that . when people follow us it is not based on manipulation , it's the blatant truth that comes out ... oh jeezzz ... just an fyi ... my istj has infiltrated this thread . he's lurking and reading ... all hell breaks loose . everything is now thrown out including the kitchen sink . time to break ... you know what , you are right . i am part of the problem . i have allowed him to take over my independence and my liberty to just be around people . heck , i was shaking my town with what i was doing ... thanks for your kind words and ( let me continue with this chronicle . damn , this platform has become my online psychiatrist , thanks all for sticking up to my annoying thoughts . ) ... i'm right in front of my 2 screen computer typing this and sipping shots of vodka on a boring friday night . if you can find me , good ! i have an extra shot glass to bore you with entj madness . :-D not trying to fit with the herds ... i am definitely leading the herds ... as for my location , damn it ... i am in the middle of west side crazy world , adjacent to the calm and serious road . entj's , what is break up and heart break like for you ? to answer your question ... a breakup = i'm done . next ! ! ! a hearbreak = oh jeez ! i'm f #cked ! hi peeps and lurkers , i am taking a pause from this thread as my family is stressed out about my dads terminal cancer . been going in and out the hospital to care for him and my istj is doing a ... hi all , a new chapter is in for this rambling entj ... read on . travelling together : the make or break journey as a couple months ago i and my beau decided to go on a trip . initially it was ... i am so sorry about your loss . i lost a dear friend who happened to be my assistant at work before . she was pretty much like me , but far more outgoing and risk taker than i was . her death became a ... hi all , thank you for your comments and for telling me that the red flag is waving infront of my face . i am well aware of that . now , to let you see my side ( the entj side ) , i encourage you to ... by the way , let me encourage you and look at this situation in a variety of angles ... afterall , this is a forum . we welcome everyone's thoughts ... ;-) sent from my sm-g 925f using ... maust mygti lesuhlee lordmercurio msbossypants thanks for your thoughts , and yes to an extent i would say that it ’ s unhealthy . but let me reiterate ( not as an excuse on my part but a window of ... what makes me laugh ? ? ? irony ! ! ! sent from my sm-g 925f using tapatalk ( so i'll take a cue from on the nagging part . hey it's still rambling right ? anyway , let me set the mood here . in bed , decided to bring my bottle of beer here and typing along from my phone ... lol ! i'm drinking as i am typing this while skyping with my istj and responding to this thread . here's to an unpredictable and beautiful weekend to us entj women . it is indeed a beautiful world of ... whoooa looks like my previous post got some people talking here , so let me talk back and answer a few questions ... surprisingly , despite my constant nagging and rambling to this thread , he ... let me hit you in the head for awhile with a pan * ding ! * why in the first place do you want to compete with that person ? you obviously hate him because he hates you . but , instead of competing ... my pov : why the hell do i need to juggle another romantic involvement in my life ? having one is enough , no way i'm going to spread myself too thin . counseling is expensive from where i am in . on the other hand , why do i need that when i have this platform to annoy you folks with my stories . lol . but anyway , with due respect to your opinion i ... me angry ? that's normal and it eventually passes . me vindictive ? well that's the scary part , i had put someone arrested , filed criminal charges , infiltrated his support group . other scenario was to ... i've realized that this thread i started has become a chronicle ... so let me continue ... counting down to his arrival , i started analyzing how i would feel to finally see him get out of the ... i have ... a dysfunctional father a supportive and accomodating mother a passive relationship with siblings an obsess madly inlove boyfriend an intimate set of girlfriends a brotherly ... back with the entj x istj drama : honest convo goes like this ... istj : why can't you address me as babe ? entj : i don't need to say that every single time ? ! ? ! why do you need such ... amen to your post sister ! i am gulping a bottle of vodka as of writing this , and to be honest about it , i drink 4 to 5 times a week before going to sleep ( that's half a bottle per night ) , to top that ... updates updates updates ... my istj is coming home in 3 months . damn , time to double time on exercise ! darling kael although i cant speak for all entj women let me speak as my very own self as an entj when it comes to dating . first off , not everyone has the balls to approach us in a ... i can let you borrow it if you want ;-) ahem ... love the hat ! 319906 i don't get drunk in public ... when in public and noticed that i am close to getting too drunk . i stay in the toilet and puke out everything toxic in my system . then step out with composure , and go on ... i'm size 8 used to do boxing and still doing swimming . i'm so determined to do crossfitting . i prefer that you give me the most brutal and ugly truth than give me the most flowery sugar coated lies . when truth is given , you can create scenarios and deal with reality with utmost sincerity ... entj is back with the b ! tching , ok more like storytelling here … . so here ’ s what ’ s been going on . i just celebrated my birthday last 29th of march and my istj surprised me with a beautiful bouquet ... most of my close friend are men while i keep a very intimate number of female friends ( i would even consider them as my best girlfriends ) . but going back to your question , most of my peers are men so ... duo thanks for the reply . i'm not destructive when it comes to other things . i just noticed that i am when it comes to romantic involvements . i'm pretty straight forward in business and other career ... back with the entj madness ! ! ! so things have been pretty good with occasional spikes of electrifying disturbance all attributed to this entj ( me ) . now , things have evolved and i would say ... here's one weird part ... i don't like waking up early , but if i do it's because i need to make it to an important meeting . you won't see me lining up early morning to be the early bird and wait ... i came across this article a few days ago and had my istj read it . he came back to me laughing and gave me a new nickname ... alpha eldest of 4 with 2 female siblings and 1 brother . '