' i wish for it to be more of a mental and emotional bond . my ideal partner would rock my world through my senses first . i get off by intellectual bonding . my ideal partner would want to open ... it's disappointing that similarminds.com has done this . i'm concerned that they may be involved in some sort of alt-right stuff . i'm an enfj sometimes infj , i've always scored these results . however , the test above i scored out to infp . not even close . i have dreams of tornadoes a lot . a lot of dreams of being away on business with old coworkers and family . they recently revised their short test and some of the questions are weird and concerning . for instance , questions regarding immigration and muslims . free jung personality test ( similar to mbti ... they all do this , they are so within themselves that they cannot keep going like us enfj's . they need a few days to live within their head . i'm going through the same thing . it's hard to understand , ... i made a few blank character collages from some popular tv shows . you can use the provided images or add your own . just include media only . 516882 5168 90 516898 i've had other infj males interested in me , and this seems to happen with all of them . however , this one feels a bit different , he seems serious and goal oriented but just afraid . yes , i think when it does get real he freaks out and acts clueless . like i said , i think he is inexperienced and scared . he is interested in me , he is the one that started this . he has told everyone in the office that he does . the frustrating part is that there is something holding him back from telling me . like i ... enfj's are not introspective , we are completely external . yes , it drives me crazy when i can't read someone . because , i put all my energy into what other people are feeling or what they need . i ... i did too , but he wouldn't stop ... the force is too strong between us . it's wrecked havoc to my emotional being for almost 6 months . i don't know what he is thinking , i can just see his state of ... we spend every waking moment reading people , at least i do . eye contact is vulnerability , if someone makes eye contact with me i get suspicious as to why . also , i look away because i feel they ... we're extroverted feelers so we are not very introspective . i'm in tune with other people's feelings , but not my own . i often can't figure out my exact feelings about something immediately , and ... i sit at my desk feeling so stupid and just want to walk out the door and never come back . i'm such an idiot , why didn't i just let it go ? at first curiosity got the best of me , then it was just feelings . how could he lead me on for months then when i respond , just leave me hanging ? i ... we've been playing a game of cat and mouse for months . i think he feels intimidated by me because i'm a little older , and more experienced . i don't think he has much experience with the ladies . plus , ... so , what do you think he would do if i randomly went in for a kiss out of flipping nowhere ? look you infj's are very easy to read , you deny it but it's true . you are introverted feelers so all of your emotions are shown in your face and body language . you're like contradictive because you ... uhhh , well ... things have gotten really weird . i heard him say it , what he felt about me . he said it out of frustration and didn't realize that it was in the room next to me . someone asked him , and ... i know every person with the same mbti for instance an infj does come from different upbringing and background . so , it would be unreasonable for me to assume all infj males are the same . however , ... well , since my last post , he has shown more interest in me ... i reciprocate in a way that matches his behavior . i'm kind , i share . i've always been kind . to everyone , just myself . however , he'll ... honestly , i have a feeling almost everyone knows his feelings towards me except me . this has me wondering , did he realize that was a mistake and is backing off . regardless , i still don't ... i've tried texting him , even at risk of exposing my own vulnerability . he never responded much to it , just a general i'm sorry to hear that kind of response . i had hoped that my emotional text ... collati # 1 . other than a few hints that he is good at throwing at you , what makes you believe that he really likes me ? i don't know if he is still interested . it's mostly just my intuition . the ... ok , there is this guy at work , i figured out he is an infj . i suspect he may be interested in me , and maybe has been for awhile . sometimes it seems obvious other times it doesn't , so i'm not sure ... oh , i forgot to add that usually after months go by and all these little intuitive games have been played out , nothing happens . at least , so far it hasn't . i've had 4 infj males go through this same ... i'm an enfj female , and my experience with infj males go like this : first , they always find me . no matter what stage in life . married , single , fat , skinny , red , brunette . they're like enfj bounty ... that is an interesting view point . although , if that is how an infj thinks well then he should understand that the trouble is actually not saying anything . especially to any enfj , because we like ... when you like someone , why don't you share yourself ? i know this infj guy at work really likes me . i've shared a lot of myself with him . i've even opened up to him in a way that would allow him to ... fellow enfj's how do you identify ? i'm so extrospective that i just came to the realization that i'm not very introspective . i came to this conclusion due to relationship conflicts , after a while i ... i will eventually write a guy a letter if i think he likes me first . i'm not a go-getter when it comes to men . usually , infx's like me and i usually know within minutes . i give them some time to let ... omg ! wrong post sorry the app is terrible . i will eventually write a guy a letter if i think he likes me first . i'm not a go-getter when it comes to men . usually , infx's like me and i usually know within minutes . i give them some time to ... none of those , i like to look out the window . i will take a later flight if i can't get the window seat . omg ! i feel exactly the same way you do . i'm surprised that this may be an enfj thing . except that i'm neutral , i do not believe one man can fix a country . however , i agree that trump is a scary ... so , am i . i'm married to an istj , and he cheated on me . what ? ! ? ... lol 482065 4820 57 482049 many of us are back to work after a depressing sunday . let's make each other laugh . post an mbti meme , any kind . it doesn't have to be your own type , it could be any that you know well enough . 482041 i've been familiar with mbti for a long time , and recently i heard a new term ; ambivert . i'm wondering how this is relatable to the mbti ixxx and exxx . anyone claim to be an ambivert ? if so , how do ... it looks like simple , stylish , not flashy clothes is a common preference . mostly jeans and t-shirts . thanks men ! you are all fascinating . i'm trying to figure someones mbti type , so what is your take on clothing ? could care less , just whatever is expected . is it not important or do you like to make a statement ? i gave up because he was talking about a girl he started dating in a group conversation i wasn't a part of ... he said it as if he wanted me to hear it . i did hear it . : sad : lol ... wow ! sorry about blasting you with the sun ... lol . fortunately , i'm not manipulative . i'm almost half introvert half extrovert . i do use the i , me , myself a lot , i hate that i do that . i'm ... i just waved the white flag , time to move on . i waved the white flag on this , time to move on . i waved the white flag . time to move on . if he would just respond to my advances , then i would give him more . '