thanks for assuaging my fears ! guess ive seen my istj dad chase away enough friends to think it might happen to me too . curious , any of you guys feel this way ? good idea . the good news is that they do know i like my space . but i'm just worried because , being my first experience , i wouldn't know when i need to recharge . i tend to get grumpy , i've noticed . fellow istj's , i have an odd question . in dec , i'll be traveling with 2 friends of mine ( they're a couple ) for a total of 16 days . during which , our accommodations will be apartments so there's ... a little late to the party . but here's mine . we dated for a while . dislikes : stubbornness , is a completely opposite way we are . we are stubborn about how there's usually a ' best way ' to do ... yes , i'm going to have to agree with you on this , having been on the receiving end before . though , if they're talking to you , it's always a good sign . workplace . the first one had numerous ( if not all ) characteristics of intps , and members ' analysis of her behavior confirmed my assessment . the second one was pretty similar to the first . unwittingly . don't worry , i'm not condemning all intps , or even any intps . i'm just feeling a little ranty . and sad , about getting rejected again . one year after getting my heart broken by an intp , and i find myself dating another intp . i wish this one had a happier ending , but i just got the ' i don't think things will work out in the long ... so , do infjs jump straight into dating ? or do they prefer the whole ' let's be friends first ' song and dance ? though i can't say for sure if attraction is there at this point . i know it will help when talking to try to get straight to the point . and personally , if i found someone annoying , i'll avoid them . i won't tell them they were annoying . source : dated an enfp . heh , you really do know how to talk to istj's . this is exactly what i'm looking for . thanks a million ! and good luck with your istj . yes , silly me . that would've been an important detail to include . no , i don't work with her . we met at a casual social event via a mutual friends , and they thought we might be compatible with ... so recently i developed a crush on an infj . but word on the street is that she's not looking for a relationship , and has submitted herself ( looking forward to ? ) a life of singlehood due to some ... i need help with an intp . ok , i know this is a lost cause , and i'm prepared for the worse , but previously i was seeing an intp , but i got too emotionally demanding and she called it off . now ... thanks for the replies . i just can't seem to find a way to have a second chance , without outright telling her but doing that would just put more pressure on her and defeat the whole purpose . ... i know this is a silly question , and i'm stupid for even asking . but do you get second chances with an intp ? i was previously dating one , and she decided to end things because she didn't ... how they're so damn hard to get over . rant : hate how i always need things to be either black or white . especially when it comes to relationships . was dating this intp lady for a while , and my need for clear definitions of our ... it matters to me , because that lady broke my heart once when she ended things , then once again when i saw how quickly she'd moved on . guess i just hate being insignificant . angelcat thanks ... i'm pretty sure that's the case here too . but doesn't mean it can't piss me off . ;) hence the decision to post in this thread . i hate how fast intps move on . i'd recently ended a ' relationship ' with one , and i seem to have lifted right out of her life . it's like all the feelings we had , memories we shared , and good ... when even your thread title seems cheerful . contrast this to the utilitarian istj ... when guys ... just chiming in to say , 300 + pages in the intp relationship thread vs . 19 pages in the enfp relationship thread . clearly , relationships with enfp's are less complicated . keep up the good work ... i troll people i like and trust , people whom i know won't take offense . i usually have a very serious and stoic face , so everything i say sounds serious . only close friends would know i was ... i'm interested to know the answer too ! well , in this case she hasn't mentioned wanting to end things so far . and we've been seeing each other since then . so i'm really hoping it's just that she needs space . and you're asking an istj ... thanks , iamtp and aija for the advice . i'm talking about ~ 4 texts and 1 unanswered phone call over a span of a week and a half . usually , i can take a hint pretty well , but we've been dating ... if an intp has decided to ignore me , she won't agree to go out with me right ? i'm asking because last week it really felt like i was being ignored by her intentionally . calls go unanswered , texts ... i need help ! ! so i've been seeing this intp for a while now , and got her to admit she has feelings for me . but she just told me that she ' is convinced our relationship won't work out ' , ' has ... though i'm not an intp , but i do notice they have a thing about contact . the intp i've been dating has never touched me , and her default reaction to me touching her is to shrug it off , and then i'll ... hey all , just an update about my situation . to recap : - dating an intp for about 6 months now . - been going well , though she seems to been acting really withdrawn lately - on dates she's ... need help again with my intp . how will i know if an intp is withdrawing because she needs space vs . withdrawing because she no longer wants to be part of this ( dating ) relationship ? i've been ... for me it's more of stress and helplessness . indirectly , a loss of control . never in public though . and only if i allow myself . so i suppose ' gracefulness ' depends on how strongly i wish to feel it . ... he will - find some ways to ' run into ' you and maybe make a funny quip or two . - look at you when you're not looking - observe what you like and find an appropriate ( ie , not creepy ) opportunity ... also , if i recognize the face but can't place it in the right context , it'll bug me the whole day . oh ? would that help ? i did sorta hint to her that i missed having her do that , but i guess i forgot hinting to intps are pointless . i'll do a more direct approach next time . i hope that wasn't ... thanks , mschievious , for those reassuring words and well wishes ! she did admit a couple of weeks back that she had feelings for me . though her behavior after having done that makes me wonder . ... have you tried directing your pness elsewhere ? sometimes it's the j that's the problem . my pness seems to fit in everywhere . sure , some j's are less accommodating than others , but it's ... well , outbursts aren't necessarily bad , it helps clear the air . while being stubborn and judgemental are seldom a good thing . update about my situation , i brought it up the other day , but she ... yes ! very much so . i assumed it was an istj thing that we would connect the dots of our memory and lead to recollecting . sometimes it takes me longer , but i do sometimes wonder where i've ... well , i haven't had the chance , though i plan to . in the most offhanded , by-the-way tone i can muster . though at this point i have at least steeled myself for the worst possibility , so i won't break ... thanks guys . i doubt it was something i did . last i saw her , i had just sent her home from work , and gave a her kiss goodnight , as usual . we did have a pretty awkward and quiet trip home though , ... i've been dating an intp , and i have a major complaint : their ability to rationalize their way out of a relationship , and then withdrawing with nary a word . some background ( cliff notes ) - ... thanks for taking the time to respond to my question ! really appreciate it . and sorry for putting you on the spot . detachment , eh ? well , easier said than done , but i will try my best . as for ... thanks for that ! though you switched pronouns halfway through your response . you meant that she's the one who ' stuck herself in a vulnerable situation ' right ? how will i know when she's done ... half full . because we always have backup plans , and backup plans in case our backup plans fail . i think ladies have it better . even introverted guys will somehow find the courage to initiate if they're interested . i've never known an introverted lady to initiate anything in the very early ... once a week sounds fine to me , ' too eager ' would be everyday . i think pressure stems from content of the message than frequency though . question for intps : is it normal for an intp to withdraw ... well , i don't know how often you initiate contact , but for me , i text her ( my intp ) every other day . sometimes we manage to back and forth till she sleeps ( but very long intervals between messages ) , ...