' i'm an istj who will eat just about anything as long as it doesn't try to eat me first . there isn't a food i won't try at least once with the exception of known extremely spicy peppers like the ... i did go to school for medical coding & billing , but honestly i don't even use half the stuff i learned in school . if you can find maybe a hospital , a smaller specialty clinic , or even a dedicated ... i know exactly where you're coming from ! i feel like all my life i've been misunderstood and i've been called an enigma and i can be hard to get to know . the job i found to be most rewarding ... i'm as stubborn as a mule when it comes to asking for help . however there have been and still are times in my life where i simply cannot understand or can't get the hang of something and its almost ... i've always had issues with showing enthusiasm even if i'm doing something i'm passionate about . if the typical istj creeps you out then that is beyond anyone else's control . i care but tend to show ... i've been called an enigma before because i can be completely happy and content on the inside but on the outside i look like i'm about to murder the last person that pissed me off . it keeps ... i consider myself more libertarian / independent than anything else but that is my own political position just because i'm the live and let live type but also have no problem fighting back if need be ... i used to really enjoy drawing as a kid , even though i wasn't particularly skilled at it but had a number of drawing books throughout my childhood and teenage years . i also had the opportunity to ... i don't currently hold a job that involves duties that don't line up with my personality , but have held jobs in the past which did . i lasted less than a month in retail and about two years in fast ... i've had rather lengthy periods of feeling lost and directionless , not because i was lazy but because i felt as though i somehow been cheated by the system that was designed to educate me and provide ... i'm in healthcare administration , more specifically medical billing . it does involve heavy amounts of research , data analysis , and basic use of mathematics . it sounds like something you might enjoy ... live and let live trust nobody i'm 31 and never had a girl friend i'm in no hurry for one either too many people put emotion over logic and reality and they end up screwing up their life as a result i have seen it over ... i'm in the medical billing and coding field . i actually work for a healthcare billing service and i generally get to work independently and free from most distractions . its not a terribly difficult ... most of what pleases my ears is classic rock but i also listen to some pop , alternative , and metal . i very much enjoy songs that contain lyrics i can relate to like simple plan has a few ... the kinds of people that tend to irritate me , people that are habitually late and think nothing of it ( i value my time quite a bit ) people who are poor planners and cram more stuff into their ... i've been told that i either look pissed or tired all the time even when i am as happy and content as a clam . i used to think something was wrong with me when i didn't show emotions very well but ... i've always had trouble making new friends and being included in social circles . part of it was being raised with having to move around every 2-3 years so constantly having to get to know people ... i don't give a shit welcome ! :) college was an option and i took on more debt than i should have in order to get my foot into a position that i could've learned straight out of high school . however like many young folks i was led ... i guess my question is , how do i trust other people when i keep to myself and what would it take for someone like me to make it on my own without needing to rely on someone else ? right now i ... i know istjs are some of the most reserved and seemingly uncaring of the sixteen personality types . however myself i do care quite a bit about other people , but my main focus for the 30 years of ... rant : every time i ask if someone need help with something they're doing , they say no then get pissed off at me for not helping . well show me exactly and in detail what you need done and i'll help ... i've tried the whole fitting in with society type bullcrap . generally i will follow established rules to avoid rocking the boat at least at my job and when i'm out in public . i do my own ... have you become gentler or harsher in your expectations ? i tend to be gentler in my expectations than i was in my younger days . the less i expect from others the happier i am . i've had enough ... the things i love most are provided by nature i love my jeep ... i work in healthcare billing and i've had to deal with patients calling to complain about their bill or a bill pertaining to a loved one's care . i know what its like to not have all the money in the ... my short term memory can suck at times but my long term memory is filled with both good and bad experiences going as far back as 1992 when i was between the ages of six and seven years old . i can ... i wouldn't consider myself fascinating other than my articulate writing ability has impressed a few close family members and work colleagues . i'm one of the most boring people around i think , and ... i actually followed my sister back to school to earn my associates in medical coding & billing . however to be honest , this job can be learned without ever stepping foot in a classroom . there are ... i usually like to go grocery shopping early on saturday mornings . most people are sleeping after a night of getting hammered among other fun things . the parking lot is nearly empty and i don't have ... it took me a very long time to find something well suited for my personality . much of what you describe matches pretty close to what i do now which is healthcare billing . there are clear instructions ... i understand completely what its like to be fear driven . i know what i don't want is to be screwed over by other people including close friends which is why i can't bring myself to live with another ... i remember when i was out of work from 2011-2013 , i sat on my ass and collected ssdi during that time . it was something , but not nearly enough to live the independent life i desire . i was depressed ... i don't play video games nearly as much as i used to . i could never get into many of the fantasy rpg types and enjoyed games like mortal kombat , grand theft auto ( from iii - v ) , and a lot of the ... i've never really truly fallen in love with anyone i view relationships as mostly resource based whether personal or professional because like it or not we need certain things in order to survive ... i tend to favor darker colors now that i'm older versus more vibrant colors . my overall favorite color is blue because leonardo from tmnt was and still is my favorite ninja turtle simply because he ... i don't get bothered too much if its someone i know that has managed to make their way into my close circle but if its a number i don't recognize , its almost always someone dialing or texting the ... i have been told i need to get out more , get a significant other in my life , have sex , blah blah blah . i've more or less brushed it all off over time and i've been getting out more on my own time ... ( 1 ) how does it feel / what is your state of mind like when you have a strong sense of duty ? what makes you want to carry things out ? my state of mind in having a sense of duty is being given a ... i do everything i can to avoid conflict with other people by , a : i keep to myself most of the time and avoid meeting lots of people at one time ( quality > quantity ) b : if i do get into a verbal ... i have lived my entire life pleasing other people from my parents to school teachers . the constant stress to get good grades so i could land that good job that was promised to me . oh i was in for a ... i'm not going to contest the op's statement / question . as an istj , i do have a tendency to focus on the negative because i have a fantastic memory and can vividly remember all the times i've been ... i don't exactly know what mbti my mom is , but she raised an istj son . i know she's introverted like me and is a tad bit more emotional but is still for the most part smart and down to earth and ... rave : i bought my very first ever brand new vehicle on monday ( 03/30 / 2015 ) and i had another performance review at work . i made myself a valuable member of the team ! : kitteh : rant : i hate being ... i personally do not endorse speech laws . people are going to believe and say what they will if they choose to regardless of the potential consequences or maybe they're just ignorant of the law . if ... i've taken art classes back in grade school i enjoyed them for the most part even though i did mediocre work at best given the time crunch of the classes , and i used to draw quite a bit too in my ... i'm pretty i've read this in several descriptions of the istj type , but as an istj are you better at following well established and proven plans versus coming up with perhaps a new way of doing ... i've gone through many periods of depression in past days , months , and years . this was especially true when i felt as though nobody except my immediate family members wanted anything to do with me . i ... '