' if a stranger or acquaintance says something to me that's meant to cause offense i'm remarkably good at letting it roll off my shoulders . with friends it's almost the opposite ; i get volatile a ... nurse practitioner is definitely the better way to go , breaking into psych with an rn certification is so much harder , and imho their responsibilities and limited scope of practice really sucks . best ... are you in school and on your way to being a registered nurse ( rn ) or nurse practitioner ( np ) ? there's a large amount of difference in the freedoms and responsibilities between the two . ... if i'm skeptical about it and they keep insisting that i try it , i'll have them pay for whatever it is they want me to do / want me to have , and that'll usually shut them up . and if not , i didn't have ... i don't need nor want the level of prestige that comes with being an ivy league . i also find the entire history behind it silly , dealing so heavily with athleticism ( something i'll never be ... i've seen all kinds of relationships . i've seen confident , successful women dating shy , unsuccessful men , and i've seen power couples and i've seen couples who have little together and are both prone ... not misleading , they're simply not aligning with your idea of a perfect court system that deals with capital punishment . as it stands now , this is the way the system is ran , so it's the reality of ... a common misconception about the death penalty is this pervasive idea that it's somehow cheaper . granted , yes , the drug cocktail that's used is fairly cheap ( about $ 100 a pop ) , but the court ... the functions aren't inborn talents though , so an intj can be disorganized , but that can simply stem from being bad at organization , or dozens of other possibilities . the functions aren't skill sets ... i didn't say they were accepted or rejected at the ' snap of a fingers ' , where'd i imply that ? any way , i agree with you , it's not how that works . the mbti system claims that it's largely inborn , ... it's impossible to be an intj / intp hybrid because the two are diatomically opposed , so to speak . if you accept ni as your dominant function , then you must reject ne . same with te and ti , fi and ... i like university , but high school was hell upon earth . i think there's a common misconception about what counselors do . they don't hold your hand and listen to you vent your feelings while assuring you that you're a good person . they listen to your ... all of them ? you can knock ' don't think in black and white ' off of your list of non-stereotypical traits . . toast speaking broadly , nf types ( all f types ) care about the humane end of things , and analyze by considering these elements . in fe types this is looking outwards towards others and making ... i've been severely depressed , but i've never attempted suicide . for those who are lucky enough to have never experienced depression or suicide , suicide is rarely as easy as i want to die , but ... as compared to the extroverts , introverts are subject to increased psychological and physiological health risks . for instance , a study by the university of north carolina demonstrated that they run ... yeah , linguistics / language tripped me up because i'm a lover of etymology , semantics , and rhetoric but i despise language classes ( failed la espanol twice in high school ) . all well , still ... been with my partner for 5 years now and she's an intp . it's a great relationship , and perfect for our expectations and needs . about a week ago while hanging out with friends one of them said she ... oh man i can't imagine dating that many people in that short of a span . you're really truly willing to sacrifice for science . my advice would be to seek out and be a part of activities you enjoy ... ridiculously clingy cat warning : 121954 1219 62 sigh . such nuisances . 121970 not all species of bird . the african varieties tend to be much quieter , and i know my bird in particular is very quiet , with some whistling around 10am and a single squawk when we leave the house ... quite , but aspergers is not an easy-going disorder , and schedules are an important piece of the diagnosis . in children particularly the following of routine and schedules is important , and frequently ... schizoid pd ( s-pd ) isn't simple aloofness or disinterest in relationships , but a desire to reach out and being unable to do so . inwardly they often suffer heavily from loneliness , and their avoidance ... enfp : i'm exhausted . i didn't sleep at all last night and i work in an hour . me : maybe try taking a nap before you enter the rem cycle . usually 20 minutes more or less will make you feel ... people who micro-lie about things , so it becomes exhausting trying to uncover what is true and what is fabricated bullshit . i have a good friend who's recently taken to doing this and i'm really not ... i'll quickly preface this by saying that i'm not against all morals , and some certainly provide an efficient backbone for society to lean on ( i . e . murder is wrong ) . but morality is hardly ... although intjs may share certain traits in common with people with aspergers - - awkward social skills immediately coming to mind - - there's more to aspergers than that . they're generally strict with ... the moral superiority of amorality in this thread is outstandingly astounding . but i get it . i have values , but my morals are weak and inconsistent ; there are times when i'm moral , times when i'm ... not really , actually . the root of their argument is grammatical consistency , which is a very te friendly argument . just because they're aware that turning adjectives into nouns encourages a political ... i have a high tolerance for things it seems , as do most of my friends , so it takes a lot for us to kick you out of the inner circle , and it's usually things that seem pretty obvious . for example , ... the hate for selfies seems odder to me than the actual act itself . they are not at all a new phenomena , the only thing new about them is the ease of which they spread . 115274 1152 82 115290 ... i would never hook two of my friends up . i've had friends hook up in the past and breakups are horribly nasty , and leaves you stuck in the middle . life's much easier when you don't go down that ... nah . although the two often correlate , they don't have to . they measure completely different things and come to different assumptions . what precisely about 4 in particular doesn't speak intj to ... i do , because being able to pick apart someone else's dynamics is fascinating . i'm not too frequent about it , i'm certainly not serial ( i don't have very many ships ) , and rarely does it ... that's interesting . where would a gay woman fall in all that ? guess it depends on their game plan . if they want a family then a motherly woman makes sense . i'm not very good at taking care of myself - - often forget to eat , for example - - and i'm not ... i would bet my hat on isfp too , which can be mistaken for intj because they share the same functions . you have high activity tendencies though and you noted sensory details , albeit not in a ' super ... i'm pretty honest about not liking people , though i don't think i've ever treated someone like shit because they were a ' fool ' unless they were seriously impeding my work in which case i have no ... i would personally be relatively unimpressed if someone was spoon feeding me things they know i like in an attempt to impress me ; i don't like being grovelled to , i like people who can look me in the ... 26 , 6 in fear and 20 in avoidance . i have really bad anxiety with phone calls for some reason and i don't like being watched when i work , it can make me nervous ( probably because i'm most likely ... i was giving my infp best friend her birthday present . infp : [ opens package ] oh , there's even a letter in here ! me : oh , never mind that [ reaches for it ] infp : hush [ pulls it away and reads it ]: ... ignorance doesn't bother me . given that we're all ignorant about certain things i can forgive ignorance , even if one has it in massive amounts . if , however , they lack the propensity to learn and ... coltrane seeing as how you're getting worse , i would say therapy would be smart . the fact that you're working towards improving yourself is great though ; therapists and psychologists can do ... john greene annoys me . i don't get the hype . fictional wise i like speculative fiction , allegorical , dystopian / utopian , gothic , historical fiction , epics . when it comes to non-fiction i enjoy things about neuroscience and psychology the ... meh , lots of scientific or otherwise theories aren't all that sound , but are still fascinating , and although it may not be sound on paper i've shifted my behaviour minutely around different people ... actually digit theory ratio says that lesbians have ring fingers longer than index fingers because it indicates a higher level of testosterone in the womb . the homosexual link has been relatively ... gay people can be homophobic , contrary to popular belief . it's called internalized homophobia . [ talking to my pregnant isfj cousin on the phone ] me : when is the spawn of satan supposed to be here ? cousin : i don't know , when do you plan on stopping by again ? they have their moments . '