' hmmm ... interesting you all feel that way because i love compliments . i usually make a stupid joke and say something like , i like you or keep em coming . usually makes people laugh , but to not ... if only every guy were like you . * stares off into nothingness * you know , you're really smart , more then most people i meet . and confident ! i like that in a guy ... people say i have a good laugh . errr ... i don't know why i let asshole guys get to me . the other night this guy i work with went off on me saying i was neurotic . i am such an idiot . i tried to defend myself but i should have told ... that's communism , and that doesn't work , neither does complete capitalism either . in my opinion there needs to be a balance between the two . i don't think prostitution will ever be gone , people will ... i am good at getting down dancing at the club , weird for an infp , but hey , i love it . also , i make people feel comfortable around me . infps are hot ! would you say you are easy going ? worthless ? that's not a very good thing to say about youself . we have to learn to be own best friend because we fall too easily into the trap of being our own worst enemy . good luck ! ! okay , i'll start . i am very forgiving . now you guys . all types can and should participate . that's how i feel about the san francisco bay area . just across the golden gate bridge and a little drive some windy roads and you have muir woods , mt . tam , and stinson beach , plus many more . it is ... why thank you . us women can never get enough compliments . keep em coming ;) are you the types to play the dating games like ' waiting three days before you call ' sort of thing ? if intps hate these kinds of questions so bad then why does the thread have this ? replies : 80 views : 1,713 oops , i knew that . well , that makes sense . that first part was a really sad comment towards infps . you'd only date them if nothing else worked . if you are worried about hurting an infp then just don't hurt them . my biggest thing with people ... i can't decide when i go back to school what i will major in . i have always wanted to archaeology , and the class i took was awesome , but i also really liked all the art history and anthro classes i ... you should give infps a chance . i know we seem weak , insecure , and weird sometimes , but once you get to know them they can be some of the kindest interesting people you might ever meet . it will take ... i feel like that kind of confidence in a man is hot ! that's why i am so attracted to entjs , you guys are so sure of yourselves and i wish i could be more like that and find myself you guys out . it's ... don't get her number through someone else . that's cheating . you have to have enough confidence to ask her yourself . she will like you better for it , promise . my sister who hates me ( estj ) decided to call me tonight ( we haven't seen each other in 3 years ) and tell me she is heading towards the city to go house hunting . i am a forgiving person so i said ... why would you think that sinthemoon ? i am not saying you are wrong to think that , but i am just wondering how you came to that conclusion . phantom menace was your favorite star wars movie ? wtf ? empire strikes back is number one dude , don't cha know ? i used to think i knew some intps , but then i my sister and i figured out they were both istps . i'll admit i can be very illogical when arguing . i base a lot of what i think off my feelings at the ... keirsey calls entjs the field marshals . okay , today i have two questions ; one work related and the other romantic . okay , first one : so , my work experience includes eight years of a bunch of restaurants and coffee shops . i moved a lot ... i disagree . my sister is an enfp and she is pretty funny and i have always been told that i was very funny . i've had people tell me i should do stand up . also , one of my good friends is an intj , like ... is prostitution evil ? sometimes you got do what you gotta do to get a grape :) so , i want to tell you guys all about my last date with the entj and why it went all wrong , since you have all been giving me such good advice , but i can't because then i would have to tell you about ... infp eyes show you are a good person . you look nice . you look great ! and you have infp eyes :) i think that when we say human nature it should be replaced by nature . a lot of things we do , that we think are original are actually not a lot of the times . it seems to me that a lot of people ... all good stuff , and by the way i love richard dawkins . i think a lot of those same things at times . i bet you are really intelligent when talking about something you are interested in . what are your interests . i am sure you have more than you will ... that's where i am at . do you only want happy about nothing to answer that ? cause i am bored and got all night . i have my ups and downs about when i think i am awesome . when i am making money , have friends , feel sexy , and do things that i like a lot i feel on top the world , but then there are other times when ... aaaahhh , that bums me out . i don't have a degree although i go to college but i still have a ways to go and i'm 26 . who knows what age i will be when i finally graduate and i am a waitress . i ... the picture in general i make a lot of sarcastic remarks . online , though , it is much harder to convey humor or sarcasm . i am not really sure what that is all about . can we talk about this link people ? i find it extremely interesting . how scientists taught monkeys the concept of money . not long after , the first prostitute monkey appeared oh ... general advice i guess , based on what you know of infps . come on you guys did for the intj with no prob . the why part ? umm .. i guess maybe i look up to you entjs and value your opinions . as an ... okay , so i said i wouldn't ask any more questions , but i thought of one , well a few actually . when dating , does the person's job matter that much to you ? and what about college ? does the other person ... that sucks . it's embarrassing when things like that happen . i feel ya . i farted on a guy once when we were spooning . now that's embarrassing ! hopefully my shame will make you feel better about yours . maybe you are trying for the wrong things . you intps are so nice to answer all my questions . the entjs were no happy about my questions and it sparked a big ol fight then the thread got closed . how lame . thanks guys ( and gals ) ! '