are people completely deranged ? do people ever think about their actions at all ? i live in university accomodation and my flatmates ( only the male ones though ... lmao ) have no concept of ' close ... it's 1:30 am , can't fall asleep , have to be up early in the morning for my test ... : crying : walking on a beach this is the best and most comprehensive political quiz i have found so far . all the others are sketchy and inaccurate af i've also typed him as estp in my mind i have my first accounting test of the year tomorrow . i've attended all the lecture but completely blocked them out of my mind , like i was mentally somewhere else in every single one of them , i ... i am on a roll today putting all the fucktards / dictatorship and fundamentalism advocates on my ignore list i'm an advocate of the mixed economy tho i downloaded a random album by a band called unity floors and they have a song titled ' hungarian heritage ' and i got excited but it's a shit song . your political compass economic left / right : -7.75 social libertarian / authoritarian : -4.46 religion ≠ god . nobody who believes in a religion can claim to be ' logical ' . i am an agnostic atheist and i am anti-religion . no purpose in life . it was just an accident . lol , people make a living off of being obnoxious trolls - alex jones , katie hopkins et al i downloaded a random album based off of the album cover and it's really good . work drugs - method acting . listening to albums based on the cover seems to work out most of the time lol . i am a liberal / liberal democrat / social democrat , you get the idea . if we are talking us politics , i would be in the bernie sanders lot of the democratic party . yeah , i am going to get down on my knees and beg her . she is quite lenient , the other day she let off a few people who didn't want to do presentations lmao . i am so fucking annoyed right now i was trying to submit it at 20:50 but then i closed down powerpoint and everything crashed , i had to restart the computer and some of what i did in powerpoint ... yes . this particular form of cancer has permeated the intp forum the most . this gif discuss . evidence : ... should i drink coffee at 10pm ? i have a lecture tomorrow morning ... also , maddie ziegler looks like little hillary ... + 1 pizza  ... i would have thought some type of nf becaue of that avatar and username . how is shakira so flawless in every aspect ? i cannot i wish i had a good singing voice . if you don't want me to keep sending ' snarky ' aka accurate comments , stop quoting me . i would never pm someone who tolerates ann coulter . ... maybe you could learn a few more words if you watched television instead of just repeating worn out cliché phrases . do you ever have anything mindful to say or do you just troll the forums acting surprised and saying wow at everything said on this site ? bingo a quick diagnostic test . do you feel like you are a kindred spirit with ann coulter , katie hopkins and other similar batshit cunts ? if yes , we can establish that you are definitely an estj . your ... i miss the good old days of bearshare and limewire and having to wait 5 days for titanic to download only to find out that it is in french . what do you do ? that's also a bit of a myth , i know that the independent / guardian keep reposting this story about sweden having a 6 - hour work week now , which isn't true . it's just a few companies that are doing it . the 40 - hour work week is a myth , most people work more - overtime , plus hours of commuting . 5 entire days of your week are taken up by work related things . the current system is outdated and ... dying is basically losing consciousness , so if you are awake when you die , it is most likely just like fainting except you never regain consciousness again . i don't think people have any specific ... no ! it is a fact that intj's are robots , not humans , therefore they are incapable of having any feelings , especially happiness and sadness . that is the same reason why i have found those sorts of jobs unbearable . having to switch off my thoughts to do mindless tasks like making coffee and repeating the same sentences to customers was ... i can't stand kids screaming either , it is unbearable . i want to punch them and their parents . however when a kitten or a puppy needs help ... : blushed : ive deleted it but i got this email ' enlarge your penis ' or something with a giant picture of a cock attached . i am fucking crying at this omfg im going to have pizza tomorrow . i'd like to personally punch anyone who complains about the broadway audience booing mike pence , or the actor who gave him a lesson on common decency . what else do you think could possibly happen ... this song is my life . nine . : th_love : they are cooking and doing laundry for the kids , give them a break . if i had one wish , it would be to be able to personally murder all of isis by myself . i would use the methods that they use in their execution videos . it would be so satisfying .