' some do , some don't . reiterated , entps are not the beast with a billion backs . i am tired of this typist and detailing conversation . pls continue to believe however you would like . - - - re ... extraverted in how we gather information + energy orientation , introverted in the judgment that result from gathered information . you hear whatever you hear . i've not contradicted that you have . ... painting with a broad stroke , no ? who are these gennnerrraaalll entps you speak of ? entps aren't the borg . one entp can be intolerant in one way , and another can be intolerant in another , but ... ego stroke ? otherwise , idk . flirtatious is my default , friend , foe , love interest--not jealousy , though . enxp - - whimsical people with a serious side inxp - - serious people with a whimsical side hmm .. i wonder if we misunderstand one another . i placed no value judgment on the term manipulate , as i see it to be a purely technical / descriptive term meaning to change or apply force , but i see ... te manage and direct objects / objective things , fe manage and direct humans and relationships . any fe-dom worth their salts can manipulate / direct the emotional tone and social atmosphere to fit ... the problem with entp--well , all ne-doms tbh , and ne-dom men especially--is that we can confuse ne-excitement with romantic fascination / feelings . ne gets excited by new things , unknown information , ... well , our secondary functions are that of esfjs , which is equally capable of being organized and neat and responsible , with warmth and ability not just to develop , but manage and direct ... yep ~ original test was created 1943 , and the 2nd version ( mmpi - 2 ) updated in 1989 but is not a complete overhaul . this marker measures how closely you conform to masculine / feminine stereotypes ... my suggestions is for alone because he is here presenting his side of the story and requesting solutions . his wife is an adult and fully capable of having her own thoughts and making her own ... if you like someone and want to see if there's more there , you have to get into a certain mental state . you got to gather memories of all the good things they have said about you and build an ... hmm ... perhaps you can wait it out , but that takes a dang long time ~ someone has to give . either you or he needs to show an indication of what's up , and since you're asking ... well then it will ... when dealing with fe-users it's important to remember they probably don't feel as emotional as they seem or express . ( obvs . not to say fe-dom / - aux aren't emotional people . ) this is something fi-users ... mine was emotion suppression as defense mechanism plus teenager bouts of depression . both are now resolved . beyond that , nothing that would reach clinical diagnosis . regarding mmpi - 2 , i scored ... ;) i'm sure you are a warm and appreciative person in general ~ re feeling special , i meant less about overt behavior and more a lack in individualized , customized attention . if so is to see ... below is purely about energy / vibe and not descriptions for actual people , who are more complex than just their instinct stacks . - - - initially , sp / so comes across as bland , proper , and ... my experience would be of infj men , which is a more difficult pairing than the other way around , what with gender expectations , etc . known four , dated 2 . both ultimately failed due to mismatch of ... you are wishful thinking ;) no matter how tough / cool / self sufficient outwardly , they are fe-aux and more sensitive in general and require shows of sincere emotions , especially in romantic ... i completely agree with this sentiment . over-categorization loses meaning very rapidly . my conclusion though , is tritype has validity the way all enneagram has validity--it is a system that ... sounds like he's a caring person with good fe who reaches out to friends who are suffering , with a side dish of trying to keep the sparks lit . respond if you like him and want the sparks lit . well hey , enneagram cousin :) what's your tritype and what is its description ? do you agree with it and why do you act this way ? 9w1 - 5w4 - 3 sx / sp . i've realized recently that while the e3 is ... nice interaction video op ~ idk if i get sx-dom vibes from you though . btw , i disagree that entp are uniformly social extroverts , drunken parrot . you're so - 7 and enjoy humans for all the potential ... mm . extp can and do have feelings for people . you are correct though that it happens at a very slow pace . i've noticed that i cannot have a feeling about someone until i've absorbed enough ... idk about others , but i am stylish and noticeable ;) and like it that way . otherwise , though , entp can appear differently depending on the audience . i've been mistaken for a social ... many female entp seem to love male intj . i'm not sure how that would transpose onto two women though ;) but i'll give it a go . potential pitfalls : te clashing with fe - - intj can feel harsh and ... this is really sweet . you sound like the best grandfather :) this sounds incredibly painful and i am sorry that you are caught up in it . are you sx - 9 ? the intensity of how you've twisted yourself inside out to understand and accommodate him , this mental ... there's no such thing as wasted time . life is in the living , etc . you've already learned what entj looks like up close , and that you can find them yummy . self knowledge is good . entj knowledge is ... she sounds bat shit , and he sounds like he has poor boundaries . if i suspected someone was secretly reading my emails , i'd be seriously questioning ( a ) what this says about my trust in the person i'm ... well , entj stereotype is almost archetypal masculinity : executive / authoritarian power , ambition , achievement , and a teddy bear to people they deem worthy . your basic corporate bodice-ripper romance ... i pretty much exclusively date f men ;) preferably nf . - - although , heads up , i'm e9 and pretty laid-back , which is not the norm for entps . my impression of infj men have been--hidden sly ... wow .. i am at a loss to understand all the this mention for entp love of debating . perhaps it's a young-entp thing . sounds fun in spurts , but as part of daily life with all its quotidian ... isfp . not sure why ti would even come up--she had none . ti creates a distance between one's feelings and one's thoughts . ti-dom and - aux have difficulty feeling their feelings , let alone be able ... essentially the only kind of men i'm romantically attracted to . i'm nt enough for me , myself , and a town of clowns . someone's gotta bring the feelies . yes , it was a description of sx if not mastered and controlled . and i would generally agree that every enneagram type and instinct variations have its own mix of positive and negative attributes . ... in enneagram , being sx-dom is to have great anxiety in the area of intensity / sexuality / eros / mate seeking . this results in too much focus on and over-practice of sx skills and desires --> to ... i have a couple of entp friends , in all different flavors of the enneagram and immensely different from one another . their closeness to me , understanding of me , has little to do with our similar ... the instincts do not need to be developed ; we always have all of them . the problem is , our ego has a habit of focusing most of its conscious attention on our primary instincts - - because we've packed ... there is a dark side to all of our unbalanced dominant instincts . we pack more things into it than the instinct warrants . by itself , sx is liquid fire that seeps into our hearts and soul , that ... my longest-time best friend is entj . she's a tyrant when actively using te--e . g . at work--but a total softie with friends or generally socializing . i find them easier to get along with than estj . ... the trick is to understand that masks aren't meant to manipulate others , but erected in respect for everyone's sense of privacy . not everyone wants to know the real me , nor be known themselves . most ... not speaking for all entp , but i find myself often misunderstood , am deep , and on a life-long journey to find meaning and self-growth . my principles burn within like crystalline flame . i seek ... the answer is to cultivate fe and come to appreciate the emotions inherent in human connection . people with label of entp tend to over-identify with intellectual / abstract thinking / communication ... don't know how it happens , but i seem to draw them out of the woodwork . it used to puzzle me why these people seem to like me so much , when in my mind we barely interacted and didn't know each ... i believe you have answered your own question . as for all the other stuff he is doing with you , it depends on his age & functional maturity . when younger , i did not understand the vulnerability & ... i have had the same experience . it has to do with the way we think . the combination of ne + ti suppresses our emotional awareness in order to promote a feeling of mental clarity . we are designed to ... to die without having experienced true love , nor see my gifts realized . to be a fool , or worse , a hypocrite . i used to tailor my words to give people a facet of what i believe in ways they can digest , and generally aimed to be inoffensive . i didn't like to lift that incendiary pot lid and face what may ... he sounds very immature . young ntp are often terrified of true feelings - - especially their own . the way we think strips emotional information out of everything , so it becomes impossible to trust in ... '