' i think in a way it comes down to how you define friend . internally i mean . a person doesn't necessarily think consciously of what a friend is , but does subconsciously in varying ways . for me , the ... interesting . i happen to be one of these apparently . i'll cite some things i identify with . 6 tends to reach out towards others , which is useful for ne , but a 5 wing makes them retreat away from ... isolation . disconnection . loneliness life can only be understood backwards ; but it must be lived forwards . - fellow infp soren kierkegaard . a man who as a physical being is always turned toward the outside , thinking that his ... you want to be yourself to some degree without letting fear get in the way . but at the same time , you probably should be careful . get a feel for the person and trust your instincts maybe . people can ... it's somewhat ambiguous , but being understood implicitly refers to someone that gets you in what is often the simplest sense . like if i was in a relationship with someone who wanted me to put gel ... i just want to experience it once . think about it constantly . have had relationships but never had that feeling of being enthralled and infatuated and glee about the future that other people have and ... you are putting far too much stock in the mbti as a system ! to say certain types are better than other types at this or that involves an entirely arbitrary criterion and disregards that every person ... the difference is that action involves the general deception and misinterpretation that almost always follows mere appearances . the contradictions you cite are just rather explicit concrete examples ... hmm ... i'd guess nico is infj . i could be wrong though . if she is not , then infp . still think infj though . the marble index is one of the greatest ... intent comes before action . whether or not that intent is entirely concrete and understood beforehand , it is still intent on some primal level . to be entirely unconscious of intent is to not have ... thanks ! what did you record on for yours ? if you don't mind my asking . it sounds great ! though maybe i just like lo-fi or something . recordings usually bore me even if i like the songs and music . in ... ha i really dig this ! bandcamp is so great . gonna listen to more infp music later . here are some of my recordings if anyone were interested : just me and my ... i do this too . i look for every angle , possibility , and every counter-argument . even just as a writer it is rather inevitable / essential , never mind as a human being where it becomes even more ... i think that is some pure infp fiber right there . sure applies to me anyway . i daydream a lot less than i did when i was younger ( when i did pretty well all the time ) , but only relatively speaking , as ... i grew up on the constantines , but bry webb's solo stuff is great as well . glad he keeps making music . i empathize totally with the teenager in that case . i am susceptible to saying outrageous and terrible things when i am in a rage over injustice . i would think that is even an infp thing in itself ... i also empathize with the wrong doer maybe too much . it becomes a moral issue for me when there is dishonesty of some kind involved , when whichever behavior relies on a deception of some kind to ... absolutely i am a late bloomer . always have been and have always thought of myself as one . my self-growth seems to be correlative to my understanding of myself somehow and i don't know when i'll stop ... we have a very important part to play in life , but we have to find it for ourselves . the vast majority of given situations are not conducive at all to our self-actualization . we need to recognize ... yeah , it's just cause you veer to the middle on a couple categories , potentially even meriting an x . can you imagine if someone was in the middle-ish on every category ? they'd never know exactly ... well i can relate to not fitting in and being lonely , having no interest in money and control etc . but i enjoy being different than most guys . i'm not looking to attract most girls , only that ... i know three . all girls though ( i am guy ) . it seems that infp's are drawn to each other somehow . they all say i am one of the only ( if not only ) people they feel they can be their true selves with . cool ! for kierkegaard i recommend starting with either / or as he meant that as the beginning of his authorship and it kind of branches off from there . but either / or ( though long ) is really great ... just ignore them then , don't you think ? i think the infps would be the least difficult type to avoid , or to take a hint and retreat back into the shadows ha . but you are right anyhow . self-absorbed ... yeah that sounds bad the way i put it . in essence , i rather meant that a bad infp is less likely to harm others . of course the caveat with that is that suicide does harm others . it's all relative ... a bad estj is the most awful self-centered , conceited person ever . the self-appointed alpha male . doesn't get worse . a bad infp will probably just be a statistic in the yearly suicide tallies . do you have any favorite books or book genres ? literature and philosophy . the deeper the better . my favorite writer is soren kierkegaard if only because i have yet to find anyone that goes deeper ... my first thought when i saw the headline was exactly the same as eonsinthenight above me . no way he is n , much much less infp . s all the way . examples of an unstable infp would be elliott smith , kurt ... i love this song almost as much as i love pj harvey . which is a lot ha . i think the lyrics are very relatable for a lot of people . silence all ... i do this a lot . i wouldn't call it falling in love , but i'll get a strangers face stuck in my head for far longer than it ever should . not everyday certainly . there's differing levels of it . the ... of course we do . we're the idealists after all . there's no money in ideals ! i always empathize with villains , but not so much the cartoony kind mentioned above . they tend to lack the spiritual elasticity that flesh and blood human beings have for me when the character's are ... grouper's some pure liquid infp music you perceive yourself to be a shitty and unlikeable person . but in that alone , a distinction is made . a distinction between who you perceive your self to be and who the person perceiving that self ... i was feeling sad and lonely . which is rather normal . but after reading the above posts i just feel empathy and love for you guys . please hang in there . the world is harsh enough without us being so ... i'm also a terrible procrastinator ( great procrastinator ? ) . i'm procrastinating right now by being on here . procrastination has a great deal to do with anxiety . you avoid the reckonings of life and ... ha i do the same thing . it too often seems my only hope of showing interest ... staring over-zealously . especially if she's not looking away instantly after you catch her looking . for me that's ... that i was really shy . quiet . a bit clingy and would cry when my parents left the house . really creative , which i still am . affectionate . loved sitting on my parents laps . my parents have relayed ... i have so many , but my absolute favorites are kierkegaard , dostoevsky , james joyce , virginia woolf , and tolstoy . next on deck would be kafka , henry miller and william s . burroughs . three or four of ... the wave cycle of my whole life is , get really excited , then doubt everything , then get really excited about something , then doubt whether i should pursue that thing , for any number of reasons , and ... when i was in high school there was this girl i had the biggest crush on ever . truly , i would have married her right there and then if she'd gone for it , oh , and also , had any idea that i ever even ... yeah that . the sitting beside you was the thing i was most hung up on too actually . far too often the girl i like most is the one i will seem to have the least interest in coming into contact with , ... i am quite capable ( and have done as much ) of talking for hours with a girl and agreeing to hang out with them even if i am not at all interested in them romantically . but that's only in a rare case ... ha , that sounds so very much like me . it was a real turn-off for my ex-girlfriend , for , particularly as a guy , general incompetence at practical adulthood matters is some kind of anathema to the ... ha . i had two cats growing up and loved them both . still do ( though they are dead now ) . one was an istj i believe , though the s might waver close to n . she was my first pet and a great one at that ... yeah i am the exact same way for the most part . from what i have read on here , most of us are . which means a lot to me to know that i am not alone this way . in a lot of ways i have a lot going for ... my mom says i'm the best type . it can be life-affirming . like when you find out you're not the only at something . i love you guys . '