' yes you are right , what i am describing is very much an analytical approach ; however he was not even aware of that distinction ( of those traditions ) . that is his natural tendency ( or perhaps a ... that's an excellent point about the inductive reasoning ( and great consistency but then again , this is only my personalopinion ) . a lot of the grand stupidity in the history of philosophy ... yes , you are speaking to my meaning . another example might be the difference between what if it were possible ? and is it possible ? the point of following the former , i find , is that even if ... do any intj feel they have a difficult relationship with philosophy as a discipline and in general as a method of inquiry ? i ’ m not saying that intj can ’ t do philosophy or that they are bad ... humans , for the most part , can't help who they are ; i see them as victims of their own nature . humanity is a tragedy in motion . yes it's true that the world is also a victim of our nature . this is ... i'm inclined to be siding with the istp designation . it seems quite plausible to me that i've been incapable of typing her due to my being so close to a bad-example istp . yes , strange that i should ... no . from the fact that you are into science i certainly could not tell what your stance was . luckily you wrote it in parenthesis . not sure whether i misunderstood you , but , many people who are ... when i read it years ago i wondered whether he was an infj . i thought this simply because he seemed to have a lot of conviction behind his cynical judgments . i never felt that certain about my ... as far as i can recall she doesn't have any great reverence toward tradition , conventional methods and so on . she does stick to her commitments and she does / or did work a lot - with volunteer work ... i'm very surprised that you suspect i had ulterior motives for asking this question ( though i suppose it's not uncommon for such things to happen around here ) , and frankly i have no idea from where ... i have little clue what type my sister is ; she's too varied for me to be able to - metaphorically - pin her down . i'm just going to list a bunch of attributes and reflections about her in no ... well , we are past the problems now , and after a split , back to how we used to be ( respecting and caring for one another ) . there may have been some misunderstandings - several times she ... she sounds very immature . do yourself a favor and cut your losses . she likely isn't going to change anytime soon . you don't deserve her mentality that i'll have you until i find ... yea , this must be true . but whether she's into anyone that much ... the problem appears to be partly ideological . we just had a huge fight . destruction aside , our friendship took solid root and ... we have a very honest relationship , though sometimes she confuses secondary motives with primary motives ( so she says she is afraid i will not love her etc . , when her primary concern is that she will ... i talk to her about it all the time but it saddens us both . and i wouldn't have come here if i was not distressed and desperate . last year i met an enfp girl overseas ( i am infp ) she is a gorgeous spirit with an electric smile and brainz ( though not to be crossed ) . after i returned home we developed a very strong and close ... yhe answers here seem pretty much to respond the question ( immoral / rebellious ) with i live by my own rules therefore society feels uncomfortable because i don't conform with its norms . this focuses ... i recently discovered that one of my good friends is an istp . i don't think he thinks he is boring , though he does refer to himself as ' a bit introverted ' , this is said in a sort of apologetic way ... find something worth doing and then commit to it . i think this issue can be understood in terms of behaviourism that perhaps i have established psychological patterns of seeking easy-reward , so ... something that i am kinda afraid of is an infp cheating on their partner because they were out somewhere new , drunk , and pressure was continually applied to them by some person - even if they said ... unfortunately , intuitively , i find myself siding with those who have been pretty pessimistic about your chances . sometimes an infp will ask you to sit in the friendzone just to test you ( or ... i put them on the bookshelf . if they don't fit i start stacking them on top . i was involved in bookmooch and the like a while back - posting books ( for free ) to whoever requested . but now i'm ... it is pretty clear what you are testing for . if , say , you are asking these questions of someone who you would potentially date then they may try to give the answers most flattering to themselves ... rather than being interested in what your anxieties may be when the thought of applying for a job strikes you , i want to know how you deal with them ( whatever they are ) - how do you get it done ? i ... it's refreshing , in these days of empty rings , to read the posts of and . i love your post ; it makes me feel happy . i can't explain why : it's like your standing on the ... adriana how do your n / s clash ? thanks on your diagnosis . i think it is good . i consider her more ' hard headed ' than me ( definitely more so than my father ) so i had difficulty considering her an f . but i can see there's lots of ... i'm just going to describe her attributes , i hope this can help me type her . * she is a teacher ( cooking and coordinating ) , and she has stated that she always wanted to help others * she is ... you read my post correctly . and though i imagine that there may be a serial killer or two ( and of course thousands of prospectives ) who reads gay fanfiction , it turns out that , though i had heard of ... i like ujellyfish response . though i can't say whether or not it is true . then again , there would be exceptions , of course . i imagine serial killers might read that sort of stuff from time to ... amazing people , and amazing acts of goodness . wow :) i became a vegetarian when i was 8or9 . i was never strong enough to admit why though ( because it was unmanly ) , just used to say that i didn't like the taste . peer-group pressure caught up with me @ ... the feminist 101 link is a little annoying . it's biased ( duh ! ) . according to that artical it terns out that nice guys are really just weak misogynists . blah . it's well reported - by women too - that ... tacking on that young people don't know better is patronising ( in a bad way , in my opinion ) - but i think nottheonlyinfp was just trying to avoid total condemnation as well as to avoid conflict . ? ? ... while i can truly appreciate the exhilaration , and even romance of letting your passions fly on impulse - one night only ! - i dislike a culture which normalises these experiences - mostly for noble ... i don't know for me ( infp ) it's like a hollow in my soul - i suppose there is a chemical component to this . but i don't like to think about things that way . for me its like i claim to be this , but ... so could you strangestdude perhaps describe how you feel / act now . how do you deal with situations differently now ? but that's just another ideal reality , well for you at least . it sounds like a dismal existence to me . i can't imagine being artistic in a world where everyone was easily satisfied . ( i have this ... i hate ' nice guys ' - that is being ' nice ' even when you dont want to be ; or being ' nice ' so buxom babe will fall for you . lol . as opposed to being nice because you are / want to be nice . well ... um . well i agree on some things . and while it is not true that i am being conceptually confused between ( arbitrary ) disciplines i can see your point - i am bringing too much into this : it is not for ... alright , i never stated that individualism was opposite big picture . i stated that small picture was distinct from big picture , and that individualism is small picture . you obviously ... btw , the type that is probably most inclined towards libertarian views is probably istp . even a poll in this forum ( istp forum ) confirmed this . i would have thought something like that ... i hate metal . why ? just all the hassling by metal friends that i wasn't dressing metal , didn't have any tattoos - wasn't being manly enough in general - and the affected gawking by some toughs ... alright , the answer to ( 1 ) is no , at least allegedly as implied by your question ( though judging from the reactions to this thread you guys are super sensitive softies like infps : you do care ;) ) ... interesting points . except that i can't agree that it's normal that almost nobody gets typed as a sensor .. i mean , aren't most people typed as sensors ? even on all the internet tests - where , you ... hello , i have briefly looked at mbti / political affiliation stats and i was surprised to find intj associated with various types of libertarianism * . on a ron paul forum the most common type as polled ... standard procedure . my voice was mostly concerned about the effect i had on others , or at least it was that voice which was most important to me ( for moral reasons ); and over many years i would ... p . s i don't really think any of that is related to sleep problems . i always had sleep issues when i was younger , but i think largely due to anxiety issues . are any feelings / passions apparent ... what is difficult about it is that i don't think it is a mindset problem in the sense of change my thoughts = fix the problem - though this may be a part of the problem , i think it is a level above ... '