' i feel you . a couple years after me and all my friends graduated from high school i basically have one good friend left that i occasionally hang out with . now that he's been really busy recently , i ... if all goes well , i'll have my bachelors degree in software development around june next year . if i somehow screw up it'll be half a year later . there are a lot of companies looking for freshly ... i'm in my third year of school going for a comp science degree ( although it's focused on programming than the theory behind it , unlike most us comp science degrees i think ) . i'll be doing two ... i'd like to think that i'm a good leader , for a while . however , i'll quickly end up not being motivated enough to properly take the lead in something . it's just too tiring for me worrying about ... femininity is not being a hairy gorilla like i am . i loved watching cartoons and some other shows like brainiac , mythbusters and top gear . i would come home from school , grab a drink and a cookie and sit down to watch spongebob . i still spend a lot ... without any programs open , it looks like this . 90354 i like minimalism . i use classicshell to acces everything , so i really don't need desktop icons , a start button or pinned programs . this song combines dissonance and crazy rhythms with a creepy atmosphere . the dissonance when the guitars kick in sounded incredibly irritating when i first heard the song , yet it interested me . i'm ... recently , i remembered what i was dreaming , i think . i forgot what it was about . yeah , i don't think i ever wake up remembering any of the dreams i've had . kind of sucks , because lucid dreams ... right now ? beer . even though that wasn't directed at me , it could've been . i'll save this as a motivation to spice up my life with other stuff besides 24/7 computer screen . thank you :) . i have this wonderful talent for wanting attention , but not wanting it . let's say it's summer and i don't have any school for several weeks . being lazy , introverted and very unmotivated to do ... i rarely lurk here . i've been visiting this place a few times a month for over a year now , i think . whenever i do come back , i'm interested in what you guys have been sharing on here . everyone on ... i barely watch any movies , because i feel like doing something else after sitting through 45 minutes of a movie , but i really did like into the wild . dutch is my native language and i'm pretty fluent in english ( though my vocabulary occasionally lacks ) . like most dutchies , i learned some german and french in high school , but i dropped both ... oreki houtarou from hyouka ( full of interesting characters imo ) 85912 he's a lazy , energy conserving mammal that never does anything productive . however , he is incredibly intelligent and ... i remember reading a wikipedia article about unsolved philosophical problems , which held my interest for about an hour . besides that ( and some minor other stuff i probably forgot about ) , philosophy ... i've had a really good istp friend for about five years now . we both respect each other's need for solitude and we have almost identical interests . we've had some interesting conversations about ... it's a ( bad ) translation of the word lijmstift , which is the word gluestick in dutch . i somehow mixed limestone with glue , so that's where the bad translation came from . there really isn't no ... i love the rhythm . one of my favorite bands , meshuggah , uses a lot of polyrhythms ( multiple rhythms going on at the same time ) . i love how you can feel two rhythms moving along eachother . listen to ... i really loved the music that plays during the credits of super metroid on the snes . pretty epic music after an amazingly challening , yet fun game . when you become dissapointed after the bus arrives after only a couple of minutes of listening to relaxing music while being all alone late in the evening after an incredibly long day of school . ... i do like thinking , but i don't do it all the time . sometimes my mind is just blank when i try to relax . sometimes i'm very focussed on something that requires all my attention , or sometimes i just ... there's plenty of games i love , but super metroid is my favorite . that game manages to create the perfect atmosphere , while having awesome artwork and an incredibly simple , yet interesting plot . the ... coming home after a day of doing something new and special . i won't open the door if i don't have to . i only need to open the door when i'm home alone , since i live with my parents . if it's a friend who comes along , they will know their way in or contact me ... i think i might be pregnant ? ? halp ! ! taken directly from yahoo answers . i cry whenever i read through the adolescence category on there . guitar and music . certain hardcore / metal / progressive genres in particular . in fact , i'm probably going to play in a few minutes . well ... there was class , free hours , breaks and after schooltime . i spent most of my free hours and breaks with a couple of friends by going to the city and buying some snack . i live in a small city ... it's pretty much impossible to skip classes in primary school where i live ( age 4-12 ) . even the bad guys in my class didn't bother because it's simply too much trouble for some extra free time . i ... crying ? no . my eyes did got a bit teary while watching a few animes though . especially some moments in clannad , steins ; gate and angel beats ! . considering some people seem to go through an entire box ... 62683 pretty much how i imagine my intj classmate . only recently found out about these guys . loving them . i met pretty much all my friends at school , or through friends i met at school . except for one childhood friend . he lived really close to me . last year i worked for a few weeks for the first time ... i've had the most fun with most ratchet and clank games . especially r & c2 , future tools of destruction and a crack in time . haven't played any games that came after that . also really enjoyed super ... got infj . was expecting an infx , so this seems about right . i guess being with another person like me generally isn't a good idea . just come out of your shell . you'll enjoy it ! you should go out more often . if you say this , i want to punch you in the face . hard . just for once respect that not everyone likes weekly ... never have used drugs in my life before and never will . i'd rather stay far away from it and not worry about it . i'm totally fine with other people using drugs , as long as nobody is bothering me with ... if i'm talking to friends about something interesting or fun , then it's hard to shut me up . i can be extremely energetic and bubbly around close friends . it seems like intp stereotypes don't always ... we would procrastinate our world domination plan and when we finally get to it , we probably find something else that's more interesting . talking about world domination , my intj classmate ... i just realised how hard it is for a stranger to meet me while thinking about this ... you could find me when i'm at school , when i very rarely go out with friends ( you can count that on two hands ... periphery - have a blast my best friend is an istp . we're a bit different in social situations and he is way too careless when it comes to important things . fortunately , those things don't affect me too much . we share a ... i kinda feel special after reading through this thread . i have never had a lucid dream in my life . i rarely remember anything about my dreams . if i remember something at all , it's just like i've ... when you come up with a funny , intelligent and well thought through comment that adds to the current conversation or thread , but you still think it's not good enough so you just remain silent or not ... i remember staying sick at home instead of going to school because i could barely walk . glad i haven't had any leg cramps in the past few years though :) on-topic : when i'm chilling with two of ... help ! culd anyone pls help me with my computer ? im not really good with computers foo fighters - best of you my favorite band for when i'm not listening any metal . '