unsure what type i am at the moment . was isfp last time when i took the myersbriggs tests in around 2014 humanmetrics - online relationships , personality and entrepreneur tests , personal solution ... nooo thanks to you and to everyone else on here who commented , has been eye opening . thankyou . i do have a group of friends now that i think is better for me to hang out with , and they do talk to me when i'm down . and the funny thing is , i'm sort of prepared and accepted that we may ... it's possible . but they weren't actually sure he had cancer . i don't know what her story is but i've come to realise that it would be vastly different from the one i see . yeah move on is what i did . the manipulation thing did pop into my head but thought it was me being paranoid . basically about a year ago this guy who was in my class turned really psycho to me and ... that the thing . i thought i was there for her . i was always asking about him , if he was ok . maybe i needed to give her space or i don't know , maybe i shouldn't have asked about a touchy subject . yeah i take it she's moved on and so have i , although it still hurts to think about it . i have a close group of friends now , which i think is healthier than just one person . i'm not sure . it's still a mystery to this day . perhaps i am just a terrible friend and bad at communicating . i don't know . i agree with you . i really messed up . thankyou so much ! i got some counselling , although i do still have frequent depressed episodes . thankyou so much for caring ! thankyou . yeah i guess i just have to move on . i really want closure at least to know why she did it , but can't have a conversation with her if she doesn't respond . other people suggested that , but i don't think she had feelings for me . and as for her dad , idk what happened there . she told me he was going to hospital to get scans a bit before she started talking ... i agree with you about the emotional blackmail part . but that was the only txt i ever sent her like that . i just wanted her to response in that moment . i know i shouldn't have done it , made things ... no , no idea sorry . we'd been friends for over a year . and we became close friends fast , talked every day , try help each other through difficult times . a fairly balanced friendship i thought . she was a lesbian , and ... you're very welcome <3 social justice is for people who want to feel special as someone who isn't a marvel fan , i enjoyed it to my surprise . i'd say , touch . i'm very touchy when i like someone , i . e . playfully slapping them , or just patting their knee or something . obviously don't do this to someone you don't know very well . i'm really enjoying orphan black at the moment . i rarely watch tv series or tv in general , but i found it exciting and it kept my interest , and i really appreciate how the actress is having to play ... ask him out on a one on one date for some coffee or something similar maybe ? i think you should just say to him , when you're there with him , that you need to talk about the relationship . or if in person is not comfortable for you , then write it down in a message to him . if he ... he doesn't sound like a terribly good boyfriend / partner either sit down and try to have a talk with him as best as you can about the relationship , as all you guys could need is just to break down ... maybe take some time out once in a while to chill and watch a movie , listen to music etc ? as a messy person , for me , organization is key . a clean , clear surroundings help me to work better as well . take it as a compliment . i would . the things you like don't actually belong to you , and you should be happy that someone else you know is appreciating those things . heck , i know i'd be happy if ... if i was you i'd drag him to help . but sometimes , sadly , you can try and help a person as much as you want , but in the end they should be the ones to actually want to change . doesn't he care that ... i get exactly that as well ! tutorials are very helpful remember art is a skill . it just takes lots of practice :) idk , it's like this thing , it's real . i can feel it , and i know it exists . i actually feel like it's a very personal thing to me , and sometimes it's hard for me to talk about it , because i feel so ... i can be lazy , but mostly i make myself do things or i'd go crazy from not doing anything . i get depressed if i'm being lazy it's tiring for me because it's too slow for me to have a good conversation . i much prefer either talking in person , or typing on a computer , much faster . greeennn yes cox and crendor ! da fuck is wrong with this bitch ? ? ? flynn rider too . and as much as i'm not even into superhero stuff , i watched the first two episodes of supergirl and i feel really attached to winn at the moment . hello ! gimme a watch and i'll watch ya back forest-paix ( bethany k . g . ) - deviantart i'm an isfp only concert i went to was onerepublic when i was just 17 . i loved it so much , once they were onstage , playing the music , you realised how awful and mediocre the opening act was . i loved too how they ... you are so lucky ! yeah i usually hurt myself or hit other people . it's more connected with depression and anxiety attacks rather than anger . i'm a girl and i'm scared of girls too lol due to the fact most girls seem to be snobs i'm sorry i can't help . i get on much better with boys . my online personality is pretty much the same as my at home one or when i'm with very close friends , i'm more peaceful , quieter , and i think alot and talk less . normally i'm abit louder and more ... i have an awful temper . it takes a lot to make me that angry , and yes , it's usually when i've been wronged by a loved one . if i see someone who is acting like a selfish idiot that annoys me too . k . you're getting too hung up on the details kiddo . since when do you own a song , a tv show , or a sport ? :/ why are you horrified that your friend is loving one of your favourite anime ? you should be ... i'm an artist , because , i like to create . i like to make . i want to make people feel the things i do when i create and make these things . often , i've tried to forgive and forget , and set my anger and pain aside . it would always resurface . it still resurfaces to some extent today . i've been doing my best however , to just learn from the ... yes it was my first ngaio marsh , it made quite an impression on me :P quite enjoyable wow all of them ? hard out xd see , i remember the first ngaio marsh book i read , it was the one where mrs alleyn goes on a little river boat cruise , but i can't remember the outcome . you must have an ... don't worry too much about finding a girlfriend at the moment , you're still young . love has a habit of surprising you when you're least expecting it , rather than if you chase it . obviously you gotta ... maybe break your routine up and do random , spontaneous stuff . maybe take up a new hobby ? go exploring somewhere near where you live that you've never been before ?