' i prefer hikes and walks ... but i do hiit ( high intensity interval training ) and kickboxing mixtures . i wish i had a little penguin to cheer me on while i workout . infp private piano teacher / freelance graphic artist . i suppose it fits ... i just do what i enjoy doing . i do find that teaching gives me much more satisfaction than doing freelance work . teaching ... i am sure you could sell them on etsy.com that is where handmade goods are sold . ixtp female - infp 45.833 masculine 80.833 feminine 71.93 androgynous hmmm . 24 years + 1 month = single my own created fantasy world / s . being able to go in and out of each of them would be sweet . as far as known worlds ... final fantasy 8 - has amazing clouds , landscapes , cities , and battles to be ... oh no . it was on another post i forgot to quote ... i am ashamed ! finland is far away and beautiful . that is a super sweet picture . another coloradan perhaps ? there is not much information about you to really say from this post . it is mostly you looking at other people , who are possibly isfjs or infjs and how well you get along with them or compare to ... mad world ... t_t crying is not attractive or unattractive for me . if i see anyone crying i have a great desire to help and comfort them , i desire to understand why they are crying . if it is a male , i feel no ... people i am closest too - my love : intp sister : istj grandmother : istj mother : esfj father : istj best friend : infp dear enfj , i want to forget you . the thought of you stresses me out . do not show up in my dreams again ! sincerely , infp dear enfp , the world does not revolve around you . you are not the ... dear istj sister , you are the best sister anyone could ask for ! you have always been my best friend . i wish i could help you more , but i know you like to handle things on your own . it is ok to ask ... consider yourself criticized entp , you jerk ! love makes my world go around . it also makes it stop once in a while and shakes it violently . douchebag n . 1 . a selfish , uncaring , obnoxious person . 2 . an object that is used to douche . agreed , talking about the day job is tiresome and does not need more attention to it than is necessary . but some people like talking about it . a good question indeed ! i would be too much of a ... a boat with a chubby smirk but will it stay afloat if i lurk a coat has a hidden dirk he does not gloat but is a gerk triplecardinal i wish i had that mentality when i think of riding my bike . i only got it to enjoy the outdoors and get some exercise . :( i admire your wanting and willingness to get out and talk ... hmmm . i feel anxiety when i am around people i do not know well , formal or casual . i don't even like riding my bike on city trails because i encounter so many people and fear interacting with them ... i know this too well . i am still trying to get over it . there were , and are , many factors contributing to this . for me i think it is when i am overwhelmed by the real world and it takes all of my ... what makes you think you are not original enough / or that you are an s over an n ? ( if you do not mind me asking ) i have always mistyped as a j when i was younger . i am pretty sure that is because my entire family is made up of sjs and i wished i was like them , to meet their standards . i have mistyped as a ... i have an esfj mother and an istj father . they both took the test when i started getting into this stuff . my mother definitely fits many parts of the classic mold of an esfj . especially the guilt ... your type : infp infp : some are awesome and some are insane / mean . i got hurt by one . i was trying to help her fell better and uplift her , but all she wanted was to drag me down to her misery ... haha ! i do that too when i find something really neat . i say to myself oh boy , this person would find this neat and i can only tell them the base idea and no details because i was too excited about ... i am only jealous about people's ability to be charismatic . this is something i am trying to improve in along with being more comfortable talking with people . i will admit to people i am jealous of ... even when i am not stressed i can find myself thinking about something other than the words on the page . especially if i am not interested in what i am reading . i tend to read the words for 2 pages ... i have an older sister who is an istj . i am an infp . we get along swimmingly . so i guess you could say infps are compatible , but i think any type can be compatible with an istj as a sibling or any ... daw ! thank you ! i was trapped in a jar of sickness and work ... negative nancy infp here . i tired working with someone like that and on a large project and ended up doing all the work anyway and wondering why they didn't care as much as i did . even with her ... i will speak from my own experience with an enfj , not generalizing . this is all i can give in my experience with one : a relationship with an enfj lady i work with it started out fine . she helped ... the ones i know i love because of their laid back nature , different ways of thinking , disregard for the ridged , willingness to help however they can , saucy comments , and unique perspectives . i ... viola , piano , cello , upright bass , tuba , accordion , bassoon , harpsichord , mandolin and harp . though i like most other instruments in the right place at the right time . what turns off infp women ? a light switch on the back of their heads . you know you are an unhealthy infp when you say sorry no less than 20xs a day . when you don't throw out a pen because you have had it so long and you don't want to abandon it to a lonely fate , but ... if it was ending i would hope to go home . an infp when you want to dedicate your life to a character / s you made up . i may not be forty yet ( but i feel like it at times ;D ) and i still have my stuffed animal and blanket on my bed and ... infp - type 2 i do not truly enjoy getting a reward ( seems pointless ) and i usually put it somewhere out of the way . i enjoy a thank you perhaps , but not necessary . as long as i did what i was ... here comes the dust devil to rain on everyone's hand holding parade with a different perspective ! D: holding hands doesn't do much for me . or at least i think it wouldn't . i have serious issues ... for mcrts your present ... a baby hammer head shark ! daw ! they are cute little buggers . ( does come with a tank ) ... some randon-ribo-ban questions for you lovely people : do you feel misunderstood frequently ? how deeply do you feel everyday experiences ? what effects your feelings the most ? which is ... you have a beautiful eye ! i don't know what i would do if you had two of those ... and you are in a loving mood ! we need more people like you , you who does not forget to feel love ! hold strong to your morals , for the world is trying to tear them down one excuse at a time . tornado chase day index page : a site for tornado chasers , weather photographers and sky lovers tornadoes ! ! ! :D oh ... and this welcome , welcome ! ! ! awkward infps unite ! you are deffinately not alone . they do have meet ups of infps as well as hsps ( highly sensitive person ) . you might check and see if there are any around ... the one i know ... she is an amazing and beautiful person ! she loves and cares for people very deeply and yet can whip you to death with her words . she is very convincing and always puts 110 % into ... in general sts and me can knock heads a lot . those are usually the ests that i do not mix well with . i have met a few i enjoy and appreciate , but i would never get on a personal level with them . i ... '