i be well , but i feel different psychically - and i like it . i'm sure some of the most long-lasting members will remember me , good ol ' hanniballecter . i used this site roughly two years ago . well , at the time i had absolutely no doubt that i was an intj . since ... i've been wondering about this for the last few months . surely we've all heard the term ' the great american novel ' ; however , i do not believe i've ever heard the term used in relation to film . thus , ... it was okay , despite occurring after spandex and super nintendo went out . . . welcome to our robot army ! whatever gave you that idea ? how can you understand the unknowable . or any group of philosophers who belong to varying schools of thought . what makes you think that there is a philosophy ? i've a bmi of about 22 . most of you guys voting aren't even intjs ! get off the intj thread ! greetings and salutations ! esfp . they are the exact opposite of us intjs . in the mouth of madness . perhaps the most enjoyable horror film i've ever seen . i've a gigantic family . greetings and salutations ! greetings and salutations ! welcome to our robot army ! playing lexulous . on perc . watching the office . terminator 2 donnie darko american beauty american psycho goodfellas greetings and salutations ! welcome to robothood ! ! ! welcome to robothood ! browsing ' duotrope's digest ' . [ orgasmic sounding ] oh , mr . lecter ; you're so wonderful ! teach me more ! teach me more ! no . give it another month , or two . . . the whole idea behind the e-book is loathsome ; as a book collector , i would never stoop so low as to read one ( except for the anarchist code book , that is ) . welcome to the next stage of robothood ! boogeyman 2 . i assure you , fellow intj , if sanity is the desire of your intj heart , it shan't be found on a forum . intellectual perfection . salutations ! greetings and salutations ! welcome to robothood ! ! ! i guess i should better hurry up and answer this . . . trades , mainly . the ninth gate . tony curtis dies at 85 | ew.com welcome to robothood ! ! ! greetings and salutations ! at times , when i awake , i believe that a stuffed nose is due to a spider having made a bed out of my nostril . list your status as either an arachnophobe or not , and then your type . yahoo ! salutations ! greetings and salutations ! greetings and salutations ! nothing has really happened today , besides waking up , petting my dog , urinating , and coming on here . thus , if i were to chose , whilst urinating was by far the most comforting ( it can be hard to hold ... if you are an academic , it is better to be book smart . if you are living in south central , you'd better be street smart ! all-in-all , i'd say that being street smart has far more practical uses than ... why doesn't this site have extra subforums for socionics and the big 5 and all the other personality type theories ? i have attempted to allude to this with my other threads about intjs and emotionlessness . i thought nothing of it when my grandfather died when i was about ten ; other people with whom i was ... greetings and salutations !