' 17 , average female scientist , also a couple less autistic than the average man ( that means he likes you . ) 40 % left brained , 60 % right . i've driven a little before , but never alone . when there is a passenger with me as i drive , i am more confident in the fact that i will not drift away into my own world , since they will be engaging ... are you atheist , as in , the kind of atheist which believes that god doesn't exist and believes that theists are absolutely stupid and dumb or w / e why would you not consider god to be infinite ? i forget where i originally saw this , but it's always relevant . you're not apathetic enough . you need to care less i'm sure many rappers are atheist . maybe you would like to re-word your title to say a rapper who makes songs about atheism ? there's 18 months in the year 2211 . the calendar system was revolutionized and they have found a non-relative time system . i'm pretty artistic visually , though i wish i were more musical . umm , yeah . i'll be watching house . a d-day re-enactment on the beaches of normandy that conspiracy theory document in there was pretty interesting up until the point where it mentioned the knights templar and the illuminati , out of nowhere , and of course without reason . was just thinking about anarchitektur's post in the synesthesia thread , and am currently wondering what it would be like if one where synesthetic in a way that hearing the word hitler would ... another neurological disorder which sees eye to eye with the intp personality is schizotypal personality disorder why is 6 afraid of 7 ? cause 7 8 9 ! ! what's death note i have always wanted some sort of synethesia . but , sadly , i am neurotypical as ever . this thread reeks of fe . you are all disgusting . these threads are so useless . cool . not necessarily . she is constantly coming up with new ways to solve a problem , which shows abstract thinking . major p indicator . that vi hart girl who's been getting buzz on youtube recently seems intp . it is . you know , everyone gets the renaissance ideal . what did you get ? only semi-fits me though . i guess it's the idea that taking a test for the first time yields inaccurate results for whatever reason . on ... we're cutting this cake while transformers are taking over the city ! ! the point isn't believing it's true . isn't the whole point of being intp to be interested in hypothetical works ? cool . i'll check him out ( except i won't , as he sounds completely uninteresting ) do any fellow intps perhaps own this book , and would be willing to possibly give me a nice little intp discount (: tongue :) so i can have something interesting to read this summer ? the explanatory essay attached to that is very biased lol . [ by the way , i scored (8 0 , 60 , 70 ) . ] i never wear sunglasses , even though i own about 20 pairs of them . you also can't forget the fact that a large percentage of intps ( and intjs , for the matter ) are mis-typed . the tests aren't always correct . if you wanna fly me over to san diego i'll be glad to join you guys . link ? yeah , uh .. irrational fear of someone entering my house and chopping me up with a cleaver . yeah , i got that . i was saying heh at your reference . heh . the flag of the united states of america | facebook lol  i disagree with this , i used to live in southern france and many of those people had la marseillaise as their ringtone . this is great and all , but i would like to hear some arguments from the more patriotic side of the forum . at least one person has a dissenting opinion and a valid argument supporting it , right ? a little less than a year ago , my dreams were all tied into one another . they all involved my classmates , and they all ended with me ordering food from carl's jr . they were also kind of following a ... oh no , don't throw out the idea of intelligent design like that , it might hurt someone's feelings ! ... lol . recently , i have been going to the gym to stay fit and healthy , and it has not been much of a burden on me ; i would go on the treadmill for 20 minutes or so then do some of the basic machines to work ... i'm an only child . this shouldn't even be a discussion . isaac brock is intp . so is julian casablancas ( seemingly ) . jeff mangum is intj . nts tend to have moderately successful music careers . '