' istj : laughing : at least upon first glance . could also be an intp with a sense of humor ( face looks amused , and then there's the photo shop blush ) . huh , i really wonder if you are an infj ? none of the ones i know would ever even make jokes like that ... you sound like a wannabe :/ intjs appear close minded on the outside , but on the inside we're just trying to organize our thoughts ;) st . john bosco is my patron saint and has many beautiful things to say . here are some of my favorite quotes : “ give to caesar what belongs to caesar , and to god what belongs to god . ” therefore , ... death is a great thing ! i too considered the profession of mortician , as a plan b if plan a ( forensic pathologist ) happened to fail . death is what makes life precious . oh intps ... my best friend is one . i wish y'all were more definitive about your positions and philosophical preferences . also , i have noticed that intps who don't know that they are intp tend to be ... ah , what an absolutely eloquent statement ! so true ! yup , that was the point . ;) haha , as i stated , the article is pretty snarky and yes , the author is rather uninformed ( istf ? really ? ) . that doesn't mean that he made some good points , though ; such as how imprecise and limited ... speaking of trees , i am supposed to be a poplar : the poplar tree signifies fortification , valor and consistency . you are brave and can stand up to anything . you are also very creative and spent ... haha ! i love this example . it illustrates how funny people look when they take mbti seriously and try to use it for everything . i was browsing the internet when i came across this interesting article from forbs that criticizes mbti and personality typing in general . the article is pretty snarky , but it presents some valid ... kalane , khiro , and kollonhausen ; thank you so much for those last posts . that's all i can really say . i'm not sure how to put into words what i felt when i read those posts , but it seems like you all ... agreed . i came here knowing that i would not get a perfect solution . i came here to gather information that will be sorted through later . i value perc as a tool for gaining information , nothing more ... those specific comments of mine were rather passionate , but they are true . i was using strong language , which made these sentences stand out , but i have been saying the same things this whole thread ... she is getting an awakening to how her attitude effects me . she is going to treat us to her point of view soon . too true , too true . i actually did flip her over once ; caught her as she was coming at me . i thought it was pretty cool , especially since she is a tad bigger than me . she stopped fighting me ... i pretty much always got it , but before i did anything i wanted to gather any possible information from others . you seem to assume that i have a shallower understanding of the factors in this ... well said . thank you ! :) ok , so far what i have gathered from all of you is that i need to : 1 . step away when the situation gets ugly . give her space to cool down . 2 . don't debate her so much . try to listen without ... howdy . i wasn't upset , just a tad annoyed as there were many off-topic debates ( not just yours ) building up . i was acting snappy , but i'm not upset ;) what all those questions illustrate is that ... you are correct that i can be arrogant , and that does have an effect . regardless , i am still a listener . when we were younger i was the obnoxious drill sergeant who was always blabbing orders and ... whoa , sorry i didn't read your last post . please accept my apologies . lol wow well the entp's methods aren't working so well ... if he wanted more information he should plainly ask for it . he hasn't gotten any new information thus far , so he should change his tactics ... the point is , their cognitive functions determine their primary course of action . if someone threw a brick at you , would you catch it or dodge ? you would do whatever you think will keep you safe in ... hey guys , i'm really loving the debates here , but we need to get back on topic . 1 . ignore the trolls . everyone can see that they're trolling , don't legitimize them by responding . 2 . stop ... yes , i am not always able to correctly identify the truth . that is why i am on this thread asking for y'all's advice . i do not believe that i am always right , but i do try to be objective . i ... i know , but as i stated , a person's perspective doesn't equate to truth . in every scenario , there is a truth , and i always try to seek it out before i make decisions . also , there are always other ... as long as you do not act as though you are god and have the authority to pass judgement on other people's lives , you are generally doing the right thing ( in these scenarios ) . yes , the line between ... 1st and 2nd scenario : who says i have to stay on the path ? i will just crash it instead . the four bystanders can come to my aid . or , i can shout at them to get out of the way . 3rd scenario : if ... recap for the lazy people : 1 . my sister has a self-righteous mentality that manifests itself in the form of damning me and everything i say or do . 2 . i agree with and appreciate her value of ... i honestly don't care about what is in a person's head until they act upon it . if my sis would keep her illusions to herself , i wouldn't be here . i am not the kind of person who needs help from ... wow . did you post that in the wrong thread or are you illiterate ? sorry to be so brash but since when do i terrorize my sister ? she is the one confronting me , i am minding my own damn business . don't ... this is all great advice , and i have picked up a couple of useful nuggets in this post , but need you to understand something : i am not imposing anything upon her . her view of me as oppressive is not ... i do come across as abrasive sometimes , but it is simply calm stating of honest facts ;) i think that in person what offends her and others the most about what i say is how calmly i state the dirty ... haha , she has actually said some of those things to me ( not trusting me , i think i'm better , etc ) ... i tend to ignore those statements because she is always on the offense ( yet still mysteriously ... well , her birthday was good . i made an elegant ice cream cake and got her a potted rose plant , and she liked that . i haven't talked to anybody about her violence yet ... i am still waiting for the best ... yeah , that sounds about right . thank you for the card example ; that is incredibly helpful ! i sometimes have no clue as to how to give emotional support ; i am better at distributing wake-up slaps and ... question : her birthday is coming up on the 12th . i was planning on buying some flowers for her , and maybe some other gift . she likes flowers , but doesn't everyone ? what love language would you say ... everyone , thank you so much for your advice ! i appreciate hearing your differing points of view . i will try out all of these suggestions and i'll let you all know how it goes in a few months . haha , ... ah , how eloquent ! i am going to save this post forever . this is a beautifully logical map of the issue at hand . i may even have my sister read it , she might actually like that , as long as she doesn't ... that's all well and good , but that mentality only works for people outside of the family . i honestly want to help my sister overcome these handicaps so she live a fruitful life ; there are more than ... is there some way that i could get her to realize that she needs to change her ways , regardless of what i do ? she doesn't seem to get that , regardless of all the bible verses about turning the ... like i said , ignoring her will not be an option . i thought about taking pictures of my injuries , but i didn't make that big of a deal about the specific fights . i will tell her that i will call the ... haha , i always had a priority on changing her mind rather than her actions ; i guess this is why i never confronted her or my parents about the violence before . my parents never see her actually beat ... i do understand this since i have already tried that approach ; i know what stresses her out but it is based off of falsehoods . we have already had this discussion , and though i understand her ... fortunately , she does not act violently to anyone else at all - only me . she said herself ( in a moment of rage ) that it is because i am the greatest evil in the family . otherwise , she is rather ... just check out my thread about my infj sister ... haha , i realize that this might not have been the best forum for this thread . whatever ;) hi , i am an intj and i have a large family . for the most part , everyone gets along well enough . my mom and dad are esfj and intj , respectively , and my sisters are entp , estp , intj ( me ) , infj , and ... '