' friend : ugh i'm really bad at using a ruler me : that's okay , all americans have a bad history with rulers i don't know if this counts , but : brother : what time is it ? me : adventure time . i think you were just in the spur of the moment . sometimes i also want to finish things that i am looking forward to , but not everything . i just like starting things : 3 no one listens to me ... they would rather listen to the girly girls in booty shorts and tank tops , who's reasoning for things is screwed up , or the esfj boy who's really loud and annoying but a good ... ... : 3 everyone likes cute nt's ^ . ^ i feel so special im an intp ... they missed the sarcasm again ; _ ; you can jog on the highway ( the side , of course ) or on sidewalks . ( called being active . ) you could make friends with fellow homeless people . yes you can get a job . infp : 3 you need to get out of that negative mood . get active , go on walks , spend time with friends . try to get back into college , get a part time job , do things you love . don't kill yourself , its very ... i don't care if you are a friend . best friend ... on the other hand ... ill cry with you for no reason xd you are not god , thus you do not make the 10 commandments . nope . i just don't like drugs . and just because your smart enough to understand that drugs are bad does not mean that you are an immature 10 year old . i am fairly disappointed in you . ... give him a hug ? i don't know ... i don't want drugs . i don't like drugs . i wish drugs never existed . ~ lol ~ i can be mistaken as an extrovert when i am comfortable with talking with someone . ^ . ^ that didn't answer your question though : 3 ok ... you just ... never mind never mind ... intp and nt ... ( sort of the same thing ) fine . i confess , i wipe myself after i use the bathroom ; _ ; what a bad girl i am xd thank you smart person ^ . ^ ... i play with my hair when i'm reading a book ... or i just sit really still ... lol . yes . 24/7 ~ lazy ~ that really happy and energetic person who had a dark side ( lol ) actually , since i was very happy and energetic at school , i would collapse at home and spend most of my time on the compter ... i'm supposed to like sci fi apparently . i don't really like it , in fact , my istj mother is more of a sci fi fan than me . i like fantasy : 3 ... i have no idea what it is . but there's got to be an intp in there somewhere ^ . ^ i am in no way a conspiracy theorist . if anything , i think that they are very pointless theories and they don't matter . i like other theories ... ^ . ^ . my father ... on the other hand ... loves them ... small talk = absolute torture i am extremely bad at small talk . i'd rather be in a debate : 3 i like my intpness ^ . ^ i just don't want to do it . is there a problem with not wanting to touch yourself ? i don't even want to see the video ... i'll just take your word for it : 3 0_0 1 . just the thought ... of how painful ... that would be ... * starts mentally crying * 2 . for a guy lover , that would be a bad thing . her vagina would be so loose ... you can imagine that ... you just read my mind ... the whole spongebob thing and all xd that part about the pants ... my mother does stuff like that all the time with me . me : hey , what would it be like if the world was an oval instead of a circle ? her : hey , i got in a fight with ... i don't have any outside parts . and i think it would be extremely painful to strangle your vagina ... * shudders at the thought * mwahahahahahahaha ! yush , my follower ! we are da best ! lol ... i've never ever complimented myself ... except when i do something extraordinary .  ... how do you masturbate with your mind ? ... ... it was cool ... * blushes * ... i don't even know how to masturbate ... and i don't plan on doing it anytime soon . anyone can be sexy . ^ . ^ intp's are just the best , because of our imagination mwahahahahahahaha ! lol ^ . ^ now you cant join the intj army ! be happy ! : 3 ... please don't hurt me intj's ... ; _ ; actually it wasn't me who told her ... xd it was this other girl who bugged me to bits about whether i liked it or not , and i gave in to peer pressure ; _ ; i never stated that it was love ... ever . i guess wanting a strong friendship is sort of like love though ... ^ . ^ i just don't like having friends . best friends are better for me . lol it says my gender under my profile picture xd no i'm not lesbian xd i don't even want to ... no ... nononononononnonononono no . this is ... no ... i don't want to even know . mental games as in you mess around with someone's mind ? i only do that with my brother xd i should have mentioned that we were really good friends for about two weeks and then she started drifting away ... for some reason . im a girl ... buy him a minecraft book with lots of pictures . it worked with my brother ^ . ^ so , there is this girl that i find really fascinating and i want to be her friend . recently though , she's really been trying to push me away . ~ she completely ignores what i say unless the people ... no > : 3 mwahahahahaha ! i just have to close my eyes : 3 um ... that's not what i meant ... lol im still in the middle of the chimera ant arc : 3 they haven't even battled the cat ant yet from my perspective xd im watching it really slowly so i can savor everything . recently i have been ... '