exactly . passsion happens , while love flourishes . not at all . love is something you work towards , not something that happens . that's just fantasy . i'm all over the love / light dark / fear metaphor . peace ! all alone ! beer breath chanel # idk sex edit : any fresh food that chapter on women , spot on right ? : crazy : different perspective , namely infp ... : crazy : give yourself the satisfaction you want , the love you need and the safety you desire . you have expressed yourself clearly and we all do have a different perspective , but fact of the matter is you are trying to blame someone else for your own mistakes . let it go and focus on yourself , ... mara maria headful of unexpected fooleries her and i took on to the buzzing streets dragging our bags filled with memories from different lives behind our feet we both appeared in ... it can feel overwhelming sometimes , but i was brought up in a very logical and straight-forward environment where escapism was my only escape . if i wanted to express myself , i had to be prepared to ... youpullmethroughtime dropped the bomb . now kiss you two ! ( hello ) oh poetry thread ! here's the last one i wrote in english . ones the braves ones stand behind my back scrutinizing every word , thought and images a brotherhood breathing down my neck scarred ... myself . it controls everybody - to a certain extent . no wonder why it is one of the fundamental truth the buddha taught . being attached to something does trap you , your feelings are not unnatural ! the less ... yo tonight my head's been buzzin lemme reveal what's hiding in every word defined as a misuse to describe who i really miss u the axe hanging over my head gotta let go of my skin now dead ... now bring it on son i got a beer and a gun ready to shoot your face first try call it an ace mara's up in your mind like another broke blind bitter spiritual follower kno u'd rather follow ... keyboard poetrypaper's dead and gone war's on between the left and right concentrate on the spiritual middle every thoughts sleeping on a craddle streets are empty and dry this time better ... interested in the topic , but that's a big block of text you got there ! inspire people ! internet is the internet . 1 . 2 . most lyrics .. but my favorite part is : now men with purple hearts carry silver guns . and they'll kill a man for what his father's done . ... but pray tell me , my brethren , if the goal of humanity be still lacking , is there not also still lacking humanity itself ? - thus spake zarathustra by nietzsche what's up ? how manly are you ? that's a fun idea ! i'll have a try .. - honest - authentic - peaceful - attentive - intelligent - knowledgeable - creative hey man , i want to address your last point on self-knowledge . one thing i read in a book that really stuck me is that people do not have the perspective to judge themselves . as in , you can't beat ... my life is like a box of chocolate , oh wait ... clockwise ! i was very surspised the first time i came across this test . most people i encounter think of me as a very rational person , because i'm knowledgeable in many areas . truth is i'm very ... in my other verse i was just playing nice now it looks like you chose to roll the dice god in the flesh , i hold both light and dark i made it to heaven you're stuck in the ark foolish mother ... harmony ! pick up lines are so cheesy ! just go ahead , introduce yourself and ask a couple of questions . if you're at a gig , party or whatever ask about the event . ask what the person does in life , interests ... oh and tea ! tea ! this salad is incredible ! thank you me ! i feel you sooo much brother , don't give up ! i will go through the whole thread later on , but just wanted to let you know that the mind must remain active . find something to do , other than drugs , ... everything arises in the mind , in forms of thoughts and manifests itself through action . find the right perspective and the right action will follow ! 1 . find a silent area where you can sit down on a something soft , legs cross or a chair works also . 2 . straighten your back and scan your whole body to find any discomfort , adjust accordingly and ... both ways , if a girl is pursuing i'll play the game . if i'm interested and want to make something happen i'll chase , but it's mostly a back and forth thing you know . well no , it sounds like a very sick idea . doom yes . yea i think i do it around other men . i'll pick up their language style so we're certain to understand each other clearly , it's a bad habit though . - bringing it back to 1991 after my pops got in on i came out to a cold winter still i found warmth in her already had two friends to hang with no amends we spent time with legos till we ... i am a wizard ! brilliant post . i'll be thinking about that today . yo my boy chris can't fuck with my flow sending thanks but i know he's too slow so im gonna diss him over the internet with these eight bars overly intricate he calls himself a rebel of ... try it . you have good empathetic abilities , that's a gift and a curse ! i guess the issue at work here is your own embarrassment ... does it happen often for you to be ashamed of yourself , when you shouldn't ? ...