' i am the same . what i do , is send them occasional emails asking how they're doing , and letting them know what i'm up to . in this way , even if it's only a paragraph , they know i'm thinking of ... i've noticed a lot of us like hiking and walking . infj = love of nature perhaps ? my training is a little unique . i'm a crossfit instructor , and i train in other movement arts with an emphasis on functionality as well as mobility . so ... i do powerlifting and what not in addition to ... working on upper body strength to improve my kongs . parkour is the world's oldest movement art in my opinion . not as into tricking as it doesn't seem as practical as ukemi and the like , but flips are ... a dominant infj guy ? wow . i'd be in trouble too if i was you . post an update will ya ? i didn't think any alpha infj's existed ! what do you mean you put on a facade ? please explain . that all makes sense . i would agree on the issue of violence . i am starting to take self defense courses in martial arts . purely for defense . i don't think i'd be interested in a man who initiated ... hey st . elmos ! i just noticed your image . you're an hsp too ! <3 yes . for myself , i relate fairly wholly to most all all feminine traits and thus desire a partner who will bring home the bacon , fight the bad guys , be physically strong and capable , and still hold ... i concur . hence i asked for the males here to define it for themselves as is their own reality and in their own skin . i'm trying to understand the differences . i love it here . i am surrounded by the most beautiful terrain . four seasons . ( ok only 2 days of snow but that's more just right for me ! ) trees . mountains . rivers . snow . green . lush green everywhere ... sigh . story of my life . ok ... so there are all the societal standards and stereotypes of masculinity and femininity . in truth i think both genders are both ... with some having more of those traits than others . i've met ... i would say i like each equally , and they are both genuinely me . however each has pros and cons . online - i don't really worry as much about everything and interact more because i control the ... good one ! yes to this . five foot radius please . unless you're my so , in which case you better be all over me . every day . hmm . too bad , you're a bit too far away to have coffee lol . sorry to hear you are surrounded by people you can't relate to . hooray for parkour ! i love it as well . yes , and no . depends on my mood and level of energy . in general i enjoy crossfit . and parkour . and hiking . hope to add to that list as i become stronger and more agile . what zac said . authentic . romantic . agape . the whole enchilada . i'm dying to meet another in person . been waiting my whole life for someone who understands me and now that i know there are more of us out there , well to heck with it - want to meet up ? we can ... i couldn't agree more on both points ! i was almost in tears when i found this forum ! when they pick up the phone if you call . when they start acting a little awkward because they just tripped over themselves literally or verbally because you're making them feel all flustered and ... amen panda . for myself , i was so excited to find this forum . been wanting an infj friend my whole life and never found one yet . we are a rare species , and i'm torn between thinking that's awesome and ... thanks for the reply ! how long have you been in the relationship ? is it true that being so alike = boring , or stifles growth ? is it too intense ? are you both homebodies or is one of you more active ... yes . he was in 19th group , or special forces for those not in on the military lingo . oh and on the p thing ... i guess your post was very direct , blunt , and not especially ... not sure how to put it , ... sounds like i need to be a bit braver and more direct , get out of my head ( where i live most of the time ) and initiate things more . :) yeah , i get that he's not typical , nor does he fit the traditional societal definitions of ' masculine ' . i use labels loosely to try to make a point or understand , but don't live by or become boxed in ... we've been married for 10 years . sounds like you like a little of both ? i'm a shy reserved introvert so wasn't sure how to handle this ongoing dynamic over the last 10 years . i don't know if infp ... there is an infp in my life that is very perplexing . he likes his space , even more than i do , and i didn't think that was possible lol ! i'm finding it's typical of you infp's . :) anyway , as a ... i was going to ask a question just like this , so really interesting thread . i see and validate everyone's views , good points all around really . the problem i have is the women involved in the ... i would say that this is true . i grew up in ca , near some of the big studios . these girls / women are broken inside . the industry definitely takes advantage of that . did someone force them at gunpoint ? ... your answer almost sounds like a yes but ... what's the but ? sigh . yes , and yes . i especially resonate with allows you to learn so much about a person and they don't even need to give you a direct answer and then i have to wait around for them to realize ... um ... lol plato . your comment reminds me of the scene from the grey where he is asking for help and responds never mind , i'll just do it myself . well i think the difference comes in what one considers meaningful communication . i have an infp friend who values space and physical affection like a simple hand on the shoulder over a long ... authenticity , someone committed to growth , living a life of purpose , ( ambitious ) , lover of children and animals , tenderhearted , a good communicator , a good sense of humor . i'm generally attracted to ... emotional maturity , authenticity , and a sense of purpose yes yes lol well , if i have to give a black and white answer i will say yes . but i have had unique sensory experiences and knowing that seems to touch on the supernatural , or things beyond the veil of our ... well ... depression is a complex topic . i think that with perfectionist tendencies along with the nj combo , we're always looking to improve . most people seem to have bouts of depression , it's how you ... i do crossfit . :) can run if needed but it's high impact so not preferred . finally someone is singing the song of my people ! update ? more specifics ? i know this craving you speak of ... for words of affirmation . do you both see eachother ? and if yes , how does it feel to have the inability to hide ? does it cause ... yeah i agree with this one ! often i think i'm rockin it and really it's more like will ferrell dancing lol ... wow , i can definitely relate to this ! it's hard to see so much in others and not try to heal the pain . what do you all do while you're processing or taking downtime ? for myself , i journal a lot ! i like downtime and socializing with the right people . i definitely withdraw when i need to process things , am at a major crossroads , or am hurting or really upset . i don't say much to anyone ... what do you mean by this ? what is the accurate type then for females ? anywhere you would recommend typing more accurately ? what are some of the typical communication issues you have with your infj ? i have an infp in my life that i love to pieces but we seem to always be saying the same thing in different ways , and have a ... beautiful , thank you for sharing it ! i also know an infp who joined the military . he was definitely a square peg in a round hole . good for you for stretching yourself . although , a bit harsh lol , even for an infp . sure you're a p ? '