' mmiddleton 84 : i'm infp according to the professional test ( through my college's career office ) , so no worries there . is public-interest law just as bad as corporate / private practice ? because ... i might need some advice filling in the ? ? ? part . there's no profit in my future , no matter how many underpants i collect ... i made a thread a few weeks ago asking if i should go to law school or ... they can be so annoying ! my hall director ( basically the head of my college dorm ) is so cheerful about every little thing ! she's like a super-duper-esfj and only hires ra's and front desk workers ... this might sound trite , but pay attention to the underlying cause , not the eating itself . i haven't exercised since my own overeating started , so i can't really speak to that one way or another . ... : what about public-interest law working for the government ? oh , and rest assured , i wouldn't even consider a lower-ranked law school , so no need to worry there . :) i know how the rankings ... i might need a little help here . i'm a card-carrying infp as per an official mbti , and i feel like my idealism is getting in the way of choosing a career path ... this sure seems to happen a lot , ... icarusdreams : i'm actually a lot more worried about my income ( or lack thereof ! ) than my height . i'm still in college and live off financial aid and a part-time job . and there isn't a whole lot of ... : thank you so much for the advice . and i'm glad to hear that having an average height isn't an automatic dealbreaker ! : rolleyes : you said exactly what i was trying to get ... sean 2724 : i sure hope my odds are better than the . 05 % you imply ... that would suck ! where is the evidence that i have to look like an underwear model to get any responses ? i always shrug it off ... internalwonderous : i might not be a calvin klein model , but i'm not bad-looking either . i'm more worried about my social anxiety than anything else ... this is why it's hard to meet women by more ... there's te and then there's te . my te is mediocre--it's only good for things like math and logic puzzles which i'll admit i enjoy doing . but when it comes to te for things like profitability and ... sorry to beat an already very dead horse , but ... i halfheartedly tried a couple free dating services ( okc and pof ) about three years ago , and i wrote the most puffed-up , self-righteous profiles ... justin opmeer : i'm writing this story so i can kill two birds with one stone--to figure out what i want in a relationship , but mostly to understand my value system and passions . it's pretty much the ... i feel like i might need some help getting over my fear of writing--i'm a pretty good writer , but i'm too afraid to write anything i don't absolutely have to ( like for a class assignment ) because i'm ... well , let's see ... it's mostly stuff i've done at school . where do i even start ? one day when i was in seventh grade , i was in reading class and the lights were out and we were all sitting on the ... thought : i don't know if you're asking * me specifically * about my job , but i'm still in college . i kinda am too ( not completely ) but i don't try and fight it . my whole life / career passion sort of depends on being a bleeding heart , in a way . snowbell : i'm curious ... what do you mean by a reverse compass ? i kind of have a reverse value system that includes everything repulsive to me , and sometimes i use it to help understand my ... my god , i'm to entrust my life to a turtle ? nature's ' d ' student ? - - stewie on family guy maybe because , in an esxx world , we're seen as society's ' d ' students ? :d ry : raain : i was talking more about historical trends--what we see today is unfortunately the exception to the rule . there are certainly some women who have made it in the capitalist system , but they ... well , hello again , jcamero ! sorry for the long post , but i feel * really * strongly about this ! capitalism is based on a system of domination and control--nothing more , nothing less . like ... fwiw , i just learned that justin bieber isn't a vampire--i had thought he was one of the vampires from twilight . i like to go for a drive out in the country at night and listen to the car radio . i wish i could do it more , but this is wisconsin and there are way too many deer for me to feel safe ! : sad : i don't get too into the theory , but wouldn't it be enfj ? they have all our shadow functions in the same order ( fe > ni > se > ti ) . but as far as the type description that seems the most alien to me , ... could i thank this post eleventy billion times ? this is exactly how i feel and exactly what i meant by my ill-informed recursive fi thread that i made a few weeks ago . finally , someone to put it ... another double post ... grrr the last time i was at a party was almost 4 years ago during my freshman year . my dorm-mates dragged me to a house party with like 200 drunk 19 - year-olds--lol--but i actually had a lot of fun ! the ... i was 16 or 17 , but it only lasted a couple months . i'm 23 now and haven't had one since :( it's not like i haven't had lots of opportunities ; i've just been too self-conscious to act on them . i get ... we * might * be the worst type as far as getting a job goes , since corporate culture is really extj-oriented , but we're definitely not the worst type ! i love being infp , but most of the job market ... i want to write , but i'm always afraid i won't like what i've written afterward , like it might seem stupid or corny to me . so i end up not writing much because i'm more afraid of my own criticism ... lawless land put it beautifully . i see a lot of the popular guys around campus , and sometimes i get panic attacks from them since they make me feel so inferior ( socially and relationship-wise ) ... whoops , double post : i feel like private charity is too touch-and-go to be depended on as a source of help , and it only reinforces the same power relations ( capitalism , patriarchy , white supremacy , etc . ) that ... jcamero : how will getting rid of most taxes raise the revenue needed to pay off the debt ? and if we phase out social programs like welfare and food stamps , how will the poor survive , and how will ... finally--a good use for my econ major ! cut the defense budget by a lot ( same as tincan ) and raise the top marginal tax rate to 90-95 % or so ( only for really high incomes , like $ 10 mil . and up ) ... my mom always taught me that the point of going to college * isn't * to get a job , it's to find my passion whether or not it has real world applicability . i wish that could be true , but there's a ... ^ this . i couldn't follow a straight line of reasoning if my life depended on it . i raise my hand a lot in class , and i give a lot of really good explanations / insights that sometimes even the teacher ... i think nyctophilia ( post 1598 , middle of page 160 ) is one of my new favorite words since i relate to it so well ! thanks mushr 00m ! i don't know if this has been mentioned before ( too lazy to read all 200 posts ) , but i've always had better luck with older women ( i mean women * older than me * , not old women ) . i'm 23 , and most of ... yes , yes , a thousand times yes ... sometimes i'll even apologize when i walk past someone in the hallway ( for being in their way ) when i'm not even in their way at all , and then i'll apologize for the ... sometimes i have nightmares about being injected with radioactive cheez-whiz ... does this count as quirky ? where do i start ? for me , it's the ability to love so deeply and see so much beauty in the world and to have such intense passion for making it a better place . to have such breathtaking vision of the ... my fi can be a nasty little dictator for sure ! ' twas an fi-si loop that made me gain 25 lbs . in two years and and spend almost the world gdp on fast food . damn you emotional eating ! bromide : i ... i just joined yesterday , but there's something i've been wondering for a while . one of the parts of my fi value system is that i cherish introversion itself , and specifically introverted ... i feel you too ... i know * exactly * what you mean by looking forward to the night . over the summer , i was alone in my dorm with no roommates and no job--i lived off financial aid ( still do , in fact ! ) ... it's a close tie between gender roles and socioeconomic status , but i went with ses because it's not the gender roles themselves that bother me so much as * patriarchy * and the devaluation of every ... i look for emotional depth above anything else ... i can't stand superficiality . i love the ability to talk for hours and hours about anything and everything--a truly * authentic * friend who has enough ... i just wanted to say hi to everyone ... i've been a lurker for almost a year so i finally decided to sign up ! i'm taking an official mbti through my college's career office in a few weeks , but i'm ... '