' sometimes . i got 5-1- 4 . usually the result would lean towards 6 or 9 , but overall it's not bad . bring a board game with you to cafe , it gives you a reason to approach people . personally , i find it less awkward to initiate with are you free ? care to play this game with me ? rather than small ... awesome , i'll be sipping on my green tea latte and reading comic books . you're occupying that spot for all nts , arent you ? :P it's on my list :P i can relate to this . it goes like : how come that i am incapable to do / have that ability ? gosh , it makes me feel so incompetent i am rather jealous of people with excellent social skills . that's ... welcome back ! intp 3w2 - 6w5 - 9w1 i can relate to this . sure , the material aspect of reward is nice . who wouldn't want gifts or a few sentence of validation once in a while ? however , what matters for me is ... there you go :) that basically everybody prefers to do the talking ? darn , forgot about this . don't worry jackeyjoe , i'll pick a new avatar out of those images soon :P this one as well . if there's no positive sign of potentially good conversation , you can just walk away saves you the time and the effort :P for some reason , i loled . darn , forgot that i can't edit my post ! instead of talking , i always assume that the person prefer to listen . in this case , under the assumption that the person doesn't dislike you and wishes to continue the conversation or just ... fav food ? fav restaurant ? works for me :) ah , yes . it's the time of the year . your thread reminds me of this song welcome to perc ! congrats ! woot woot ! any news update ? i'm just curious why oh why why why why why ? ? ? why did you introduce me to such abomination called shitting dick nipples ? ? ? whyyy ? ? ? what have i done to you ? ? ? i have never wronged you or ... you're not alone :) welcome to the forum ! encylopedia dramatica ? even worse . 4chan ? oh good lord . anyway , back to small talk . pretty good . ( cue for thumbs up ) but , if you don't mind , i could use some more stuff : confused : the p inside of me demands variety of pics to choose from :P yep , it is . btw , go ahead and google 9gag . see for yourself :P i can relate to it , especially during this pas few months i had a soul ... then i opened a website on my browser ... ( awkwardly sneaks in ) need ideas for new avatar and would appreciate of you guys can help me . :) oh good lord , you guys are so sweet . in term of sweetness , what i've done to my crushes are incomparable to what you guys did :P you can categorize me into the intp's with bad motoric skill . almost illegible handwriting and hopeless when it comes to full-body sport . yep . 9-5- 6 , i guess . the 9 became more prevalent overtime while the 5 was very dominant during my sophomore and junior year . well , i see that nobody's here . i might drop a sentence or two . i'll start anyway . just had a cup of coffee with extra sugar to accompany me tonight . the sugar keeps me going while the caffeine ... welcome aboard ! social experiment in human behavior ? share you story pls . welcome ! :) fav ice cream flavor : 3 chocolates ( milk , dark , and white ) from hertog let me tell you , it's not just ice cream . it's pure bliss ... my aunt just passed away . good riddance , now she doesn't have to suffer anymore . on second thought , i might go to hell for this . oh well , whatever . coffee . lots of coffee . as long as it's brown , slightly bitter , and gives that invigorating effect , i'll gladly drink them . i second that . and oh , nice pun , btw uh , i believe see you later is appropriate :) just my random thought . talking bout corn and melting butter ... i have never liked boiled / grilled corn , i just dont . till yesterday , a friend of mine who's living in the country side offered a ... lurking for a while , because of some reasons . now , i am back ! ( cue for epic dun-dun-dun ) bacon . bacon . bacon heck , im'ma kill for a few sweet and succulent slices of bacon right now ! ! ! moar bacoonnn ! ! ! epic win is awesome :P didn't feel a thing when i first saw the video . probably since it was obviously staged on purpose . i might find it funny if i were there to start with . i wish you the best . on second thought , well ... , kinda . a bit . now get the hell out of my life exactly ! ! it's like , when i'm preparing myself for a test and i feel like darn right , i got it all covered . bring your all questions ! ! but when somebody ask something related to the subject , my ... plain cappucinno . and occasional dose of green tea chai latte . apparently , i'm only slightly capable of expressing my mind through talking . completely helpless when it comes to written expression thou ... welcome back :) '