' im going through literally the same thing right now . i used to be introverted but now whenever theres a chance to go out i will go . i also like to be active compared to before . weird . still i am ... saw a youtube video of him . he got very emotional when thinking about how he was overlooked . yet on the field he seems ice cold and thinker like . also i cant really tell if he's introvert or ... yeah he does seem an intuitive as opposed to most nfl players who are sensory . he looks at the big picture and is quite introspective . its probably his greatest strength as he knows what people will ... tom brady is an american football player . he plays in the quarterback position for the new england patriots and is regarded as one of the best players not only now but of all time . he seems ... hitler was an intuitive and made terrible future decisions so that's not a good argument . he could be either entj or estj in my opinion . infp probably . intp for dorky avatar he was one inspirational guy people use my type stereotype as an excuse to act like a hard man and make rude smart alec comments everywhere . i think i'm a special one . like jose mourinho . thanks a lot mate . edit ... saw you had 7399 thanks , i'll get you up to 7400 it's ramadan right now and the timings have thrown me off my sleep schedule . in my country we break the fast at 9 pm and keep eating away to have energy for the next day and stop at 2:30 am when it's ... i'm terrible at faking good emotions . getting gifts from others is one example . don't you ever talk i would talk if you weren't so fucking annoying i'm istp and like most of the type but i think some of the people in here are kind of annoying . they try and live up to the stereotype of independent badass motorbike guy and it gets annoying . some ... he could be esfp though . the moment in the car when they're about to blow up the wife and kids is an example . he has certain lines he will never cross . an estp might have gone ahead with it . he ... ok bro i filled it in . send me the info when you have time . estp for tony no ? he's probably a textbook example of one . thanks . never considered extrovert before . when did this a year ago people thought i was estp . i think it's narrowed down to estp and entp now , which i never would have guessed as my type . ill ... hey , thanks for the reply . never thought of entp before , i'll look into it . i like your style of narrowing down the possible type . yeah i am incredibly lazy . i suppose i might think of ideas with big ... don't even bother mate . nobody seems to reply to these things , i'm still waiting for an answer since two days ago . des nobody have any ideas ? or am i just not interesting enough to analyse ? ok then . needles sunset | flickr - photo sharing ! i like this one . reminds me of the time i went to the grand canyon locked in love | flickr - photo sharing ! this is very interesting . i ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... you're really good at posting unfunny gifs aren't you ? i can relate to the rant in that i'll let things go and when i do get angry it's quite bad . but i don't tink you can confirm someone's type on that information if you listen to it it's nothing ... what do you guys think of christian bale ? he is a role model for me and he seems to be istp , does anyone have a good idea what his type is ? thanks this is great , but could younrxplain tf and jp a little more as to what the actual differences are ? so what is the actual difference , stereotypes aside ? i know how you feel . basically because all they ever do is shout and have to say something every second of the day if they see someone else not doing it they assume somethings wrong with them and ... woah . havent been on here in ages . thanks for all the replies . i agree with the not being too concerned with public image thing . but at the end of the day people judge superficially , so im trying ... im constantly ignored / avoided , even when i speak to someone i am not even acknowleged . im even laughed at sometimes . i think its my reputation as the quiet guy so now i am actually trying to speak im ... lol . i dunno why i even named my profile after him . not even a fan . it was totally random after i watched inglorious bastards . at least the girls on the forum will like it i suppose / decidied to do the new one . judge based only on this one not any previous experience you have 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , ... can i just say something carmine . sometimes you just need to stop theorising and go out there and do it . you sem to be doing that which is good , but some of your previous posts are just imagining ... i know how you all feel about being misunderstood . i am very quiet and only speak to make a funny joke , so some people are convinced i'm an idiot when i am getting mostly a and only a few b in my ... that seems to make sense . three wing two describes him perfectly if you think about it hes a good role model for isfp nines . the fact he's esfp means isfp can learn to develop se and te ( the way ... cristiano is one of the most famous people in the world and the best football player in the world after messi . his personality is also unusual for a footballer . he is a attention seeking prima donna ... paint a fake window and the view outside it . make the view whatever you want . i think it's because of the theory that se is better than ne when it comes to that kind of thing . i don't know enough about functions to tell you about it though . b another loser that thinks its a master troll or wind up merchant . either that or you're just a constant pain in the ass he knows it was a joke . he had a :D smiley to show he's not serious . now stop being annoying . edit , crap someone posted before me .. i think you need a balance man , too much se makes you reckless as its your dominant , but trying to shut it off and use ti too much is going against your dominant nature , i think you should keep using ... you might be right but i don't want to come to a conclusion because someone else might say something i hadn't thought of yet . she could . easily be infp though , . i am an se user and dislike ... the ellipsis makes me read your post as an emo would say it , lol how do you think it changes depending on its position ? how is your dominant se different from isfp or istp se ? think it's funny how girls of other types come here and say what do you think of my type xxx ? will you please go out with me ? as if the type has anything to do with it . it really is unimportant . if that makes her infp then so am i . i have little control over body language and am sometimes unaware . but that could just be nervousness . anyway i don't see ne in her . but jungyesmbtino might ... i think you're isfp . i am that and am also nostalgic and sentimental , but that's because i have strong feeling . either that or i'm an infp . you seem to look at concrete data rather than vague data ... i'm isfp and always have to do something . i pace around my room a lot when i think , like i'm in jail or a mental asylum or something '