' blind optimism , hypocrisy / double standards infidelity / dishonesty in relationships emotional manipulation hedonism when i dislike something , i want to be away from it . however i don't see disliking the world / society as being dark . i'll be sarcastic and tease you relentlessly why would anyone want to worship a sadistic tyrant ? besides work , i hardly ever leave the house . however when i do meet someone i like , they don't like me . but i still end up pining over them . not when you are in love with the person i think so ... well i am always forgiving to those i love and also try and see the best in them even when they are being complete a-holes . i am also very accepting of people's flaws . yeah i think i asked the wrong question.but it does make me ponder sometimes how much he actually respects his own religion . don't worry , i have never considered that . selfish , manipulative , fickle , arrogant - list goes on at the moment , this . the scorpion by megadeth :p roud : even if i could i would be betraying myself at a fundamental level and probably wouldn't feel worthy of love at that point . if i did do that would i still be the person they loved ? that's the ... update : he recently asked me out on a date and i stupidly said yes . we had an awesome time as usual , but then towards the end he told me he couldn't commit to me . i must be the world's biggest idiot . i keep getting my heart broken by the same guy . awesome , huh ? he just came by to pick up his christmas presents and to give me mine . he didn't even bother wrapping up mine ... he also had his ... yes , took back a cheating ex . i am currently working as a mental health professional , something that i am not too happy with . i don't have a dream job as i am not overly ambitious , if i had to choose something then it would be ... i do the same esp if i am physically attracted to them . only from those i care about . honesty and loyalty - most important can't stand players ( currently being played by an enfp ) can't stand any of them . although i have recently joined pof ... feeling stupid , weak and used . keep getting played by the same person . only got myself to blame for it . sigh friends - yes lovers - no stay on my own and enjoy the taste of freedom . wouldn't be too bothered about staying alive . it's the total lack of respect / consideration that gets to me . plus the deception and manipulation . have no idea . i always end up falling in love with the scumbags , thinking that they are godsent . - being emotionally manipulated / led on by people i care about . - infidelity - the mental health system dictating what is healthy and unhealthy thoughts / behaviours - hypocrites who adopt the ... i have an unhealthy obsession with violence . i think just prefer physical pain to emotional pain i was told by my love that : - we shared a unique connection - he has never met anyone like me - he could never like anyone the same way as he likes me however , a few days ago he told me that ... - falling in love and knowing that the other person only wants you around to fill up the gaps in their day . - being emotionally manipulated / led on see , i feel the same way . don't give a flying fuck about what the world thinks of me , however i still crave the acceptance of those i love . that hurts more than heartbreak itself . i wasn't even together with my guy . he told me he couldn't date me because of his religion - he's a christian . i said that was okay because as an infp i ... i wasn't even together with my guy . he told me he couldn't date me because of his religion - he's a christian . i said that was okay because as an infp i understood the importance of values and ... i've just joined the heartbreak club today . is it really better to have loved and lost ? i beg to fucking differ ! i'm exactly the same ! i hate oral presentations so much ! rather write an assignment than do a 10 minute one . i've got one coming up on wednesday . i'm really dreading it . yup , blind to reason i hate being manipulated by those i care about . but then again , they are only able to do it because i allow them to . i understand your frustration since i've been led on by an enfp too . the crap thing is , we never actually got together because of his christian beliefs . but this isn't the first time we've fallen out . he tells me no he can't be with me because of his religious ... i have fallen out with my enfp guy who is on the same course as me at university . i've been struggling so much to put on a brave face around him yet he's going around laughing his head off . seeing ... what's a sj ? haha ! not the last guy . he couldn't date me because of his religious beliefs : sad : haha ! not the last guy . he couldn't date me because of his religious beliefs : sad : i'm the opposite . aw why are you always so happy ? i'm not . if you look closely enough , you will realise that my smile never reaches my eyes . they usually like me back but just don't want to get together with me . that's even more frustrating ! what are the visible / tell tale signs of a heartbroken enfp male ? cute schopenhauer picture ! this is hard , i don't think i love that many things ! 1 . philosophy 2 . family 3 . food 4 . maverick thinkers 5 . animals 6 . meaningful relationships 7 . sleeping with the telly on 8 . i'm usually quite mean towards people i like ( teasing and emasculating ) : frustrating : deception / infidelity in relationships oppression / coercion hypocrisy / double standards emotionally manipulative people hedonists authority psychiatry ( depriving people of their liberty , doping ... '