' i'd like to change mine to : lil intro vert addressing 3 first : does he think you guys are friends like you think you are ? i actually talk to my friends , and am expressive . i only get like how he is in big groups or if i don't like a person ... sorry for the late reply , but idk how you did it for that long . i had my personal issues as well going on at the time , and that didn't help . as well as not talking to anyone about it . i almost never ... when i was a kid , i was extremely emotional ( not as stoic as i am now ) . i was very much confused because i could never pinpoint why people never saw things the way i did . i was very insecure , about ... okay i see now ; thanks . yeah i stated in my op that it was probably their marketing skills that got me . wait , what's your point ? i'm sort of lost . a lateral move . meaning moving to another job from your original enlistment duty . i concur . i had the most fun in bootcamp and then after that people did stop giving a fuck . if i could do it ... i finished as a lcpl in the marine corps around 2 years in my enlistment ( joined when i was 18 ) . i was wondering if there were any intjs in the military and what their experience was like . i can tell ... judging by your pic , you look like you enjoy pain . nah ; i think even more . effort and discipline . so are why are there webdev jobs ? hello everyone , i am new to coding and since i had luck finding my trading mentor on here , i wanted to see if i could find a mentor who is at least at an intermediate level . i am also looking for ... yes , which i addressed . i know they aren't evidence , i was just making a point . feelings are feelings whether they are expressed or not . i can be just as scared as you in a certain situation , ... why's it so hard to understand that we have feelings too ? probably more so , even . a villain in a movie is actually the most emotional person in the plot ; they actually care too much . if we like to ... you really have to put in effort to make yourself interesting . would you want to be with someone like yourself ? really think about that . i thought about that question , and i came to the conclusion ... if i am focused on a goal , i don't see holidays as special . i can literally spend christmas with myself and be happy . but if i have nothing to do , why not go see family ? although , my family is ... i'm clearly not an enfp , but i've been laughing all morning : laughing : . i thought it was , so i thought i'd say it . if the woman is you , i'd pass ( based off this ) . joining the marine corps infantry . i was out of my mind to do that . the impulse to be romantic , ends . after someone thinks they love you and they say it - - it then becomes a choice to be romantic . depends on what kind of eye contact you're giving . if you're looking at them like you have no eyelids , then yes , it's awkward . but if you're giving eye contact the way obama tries to seduce people ... him boasting like he's muhammad ali , is not the same as wanting to be liked . boasting , actually gives you the opposite reaction from people . i mean , what solutions has hillary provided ? most ... i actually have never knowingly talked to an enfp . i'd like to see what the big whoop is about . as an intj , i agree with this . i'd like to add that donald doesn't care about politics . politics is about being liked , and he doesn't care about that , he's just wants to get things fixed he feels ... it does exist . people just don't use it . it's there though . i do this a lot and it becomes annoying when i am reading my nonfiction books . whenever i read something interesting , the new information that has been acquired causes me to run through my whole life ... no , because everyone is selfish whether it is an act of altruism or not . some get high off the fact they are doing the greater good . yes , it's impossible for me to only use f without the t in there somewhere , because i know just using f can lead to some irrational decisions . i give my feels a chain of command sometimes . i allow ... i dislike anything i don't want to deal with . if i don't have to deal with my fear or some random discomfort , i won't . but if i have to , i will love every bit of it . agreed . i can turn into an infp real quick . edit : just realized how old this thread is lol . i use ni + fi mode in relationships , not all the time though . my goal is to always be balanced , there's a time and place for everything . i use my te to trigger my fi if needed . i am always in te mode , ... people are definitely falling for the plagiarizing tactic . it may not be a tactic , but i definitely think they planned to plagiarize michelle obama's speech from 2008 . many politicians have done ... - people who choose to be incompetent - women who suck on the tip too much and disregard the shaft - people who go along with the majority without thinking about things themselves ( collectivism ) ... i overanalyze mostly when i am stressed . that is usually a sign that i need to figure out the root of the issues i have going on internally . this thread is about to be a mess . oh i have experienced this before , i hate it as well . i just say mhm every so often , and make it a point to look uninterested . this is great , because my whole life i have dealt with depression . the depression came from feeling alone , i didn't think like most people around me growing up . i looked up to no one , and i didn't ... i do that 9.5 times out of 10 . ok , cool . newmango , you can use me as an source for your intj questions , if you choose to . i notice you post a lot of posts trying to become an intj master , and want to catch them like pokemons , which is ... 552026 5520 34 552042 5520 50 it would be between having the mind of sherlock or the ability to read very fast . trying to solve intj tip # 1 : don't say things like douche canoe . i was brought up a christian , but i never got into like that . i am agnostic . i'm more spiritual than anything . i like the concept of religion , but not taking it literally . it's odd to me when people ... i'm not in stem . i am pursuing a career in economics . not sure if that is still considered a science or not , though . once you know yourself , you have better understanding of where your limits are and how to eject yourself respectfully or know when not to engage . i'm the same as well , when i start to like someone ... hello ; welcome . i was in a relationship with an infp and i had major problems with her being clingy and things of the like ( similar to you ) , but she doesn't sound as bad you . i did the same thing to her and she ... i love doing this lol . letting them think they got away with something and then let it happen multiple times as i plan [ devil emoji here ] . nah my friend , i see you boo boo . '