' eugh ... emotions ... i don't know , i've always been able to get along better with boys than girls ( once i stopped being afraid of the opposite gender that is ... i was an odd child ) . i am much more ... i try not to lie anymore . life is so much more challenging with the truth . on the other hand , when i used to get caught in a lie ( i think it happened ... once ? ) it was a very old one and i simply ... why would anyone ever want to stop you from buying such a marvelous thing ! ? ... in fact , where do i get one ? dude ! that book is currently on my bedside table with a bookmark in it , this is quite a coincidence . when i was a kid i was really upset with my gender . as i got older though , i came to terms with my ... condition . i'm not particularly girly or masculine . i don't overly mind jumping into a dress , ... hey , whaddya know , sounds like me . yeah , i get the you're weird thing a lot , though often times people think it's charming or ... something . it's funny you should mention the oddness originally ... i'm sorry to say that i've only ever met one other entp and one possible entp . just because we're all the same type though doesn't mean that we'll all be the same . for example , i know an intj and ... i concur , toys . there are so many more interesting things to do instead of sleep . i get about four hours on weekdays and try to get ten a night on weekends , but i don't fall apart to the extent ... sounds familiar , iajrz ... ( except for the last part ) not much gets me down . however the primary reasons would be bad grades , or trouble with friends ( their troubles or trouble between the two of us ) . also , as has been stated by others , i get down ... i'm good at expressing concern , kindness , emotion towards people i feel next to nothing about quite easily . however , if i actualy become emotionaly attached to an individual ( takes quite some time ) ... my dad is enfp , he's often a very difficult man to get along with . however it's great discussing politics , literature , theories , life , etc . with him . he's very smart , but a lot of what he says is ... i don't think motorola is becoming the beast from revelation ... however i do agree that this is ridiculous . i don't want anyone knowing where i am 24/7 , and i think there are a good amount of ... pht , no one could stand in our way ! i've always wanted an identical twin actually , ( well , only at times ... ) there would be a limitless amount of pranks you could pull , it would be brilliant ... and ... i hate pointing out people's flaws . i never criticize unless i've been explicitly asked . i'm modest ( i know if you say that it it sounds like it isn't so , but it's hard to ignore the facts , i ... huh , i can relate to the not feeling emotion about things that i probably should , then again i have random moments ( they last literally about two minutes ) of strong emotion , where for example i'm ... sure , people won't remember irrelevant data , but what one defines as irrelevant depends on who they are , and i know i certainly don't have as good a memory for certain things than other people i ... i've always been of the opinion that trying to type strangers or people you aren't well acquainted with is a messy subject . for example , i was talking to a girl who has been in my class for a few ... i know what you mean sort of . some songs will stick with me ( party in the usa ... i don't know why ... i hate that song ) while others that i really like might not . i'm horrible at remember most ... i never lie about anything of importance , only when i'm joking around , and i make sure to tell them that i was lying . if i do lie , then it's because the individual was asking a question that was ... ha ... that's mean ... ( well done though ) i love playing pranks with my ... abilities , i've convinced people of so many things . you just slip outrageous things into conversation and they'll fall for ... wow ... tell me , do you all play soccer and love reading too ? ( just checking to make sure you're not all versions of me running around ) that and just about everything said . if i'm lying i just ... when i say happiness is the meaning of life , i mean this ... there is no meaning of life , we're just a compilation of chemical reactions working amongst millions of other meaningless things . ... what are you ( entp ) capable of ? when does your strength cease ? i think i'm capable of most things i set my mind to . however there are things i'm too stubborn to fix and don't see as major problems , ... from a biological standpoint , we are a species and it is the purpose of every species to reproduce and continue that species . so , the purpose of life is to reproduce . on the other hand , us being ... fair enough . it's never easy or fair comparing movies to books . however i do think that the book was more evocative and disturbing than the movie . i'm a gemini ! and i can't doubt the accuracy of these astrological signs . i've got two heads just like they say i should ! i dunno , here's what it says about me adaptable and versatile ... i'm sure there are solutions ( it's just that the ones i can think of would never occur because of how supremely flawed mankind is ) ... for example : a problem to overpopulation , kill off the stupid ... no comment to do with the thread ... but nice name mr . bateman from the movie or the book ? i like reading on the roof ... or taking my laptop out there to talk to people . it's great on summer nights when you can't sleep . someone got a darwin award for falling off their roof because they ... that's awesome , how could i forget ? roofs are a beautiful and wonderful place to hang out . i'm not very lucky when it comes to the occasional video game ... ( though that might have more to do with my very low skill level when it comes to such things ) i'm just gonna get this out of the way before i begin this post , i'm a horrible person , keep that in mind . right , so even if anyone could figure out a way to reduce pollutants , one would have to ... ha , nope , sorry to report that i'm not . if very tired or over-exuberant i might accidentally injure myself , but it's not a common occurrence . absolute favorite place is just about anywhere with my friends . outside of that though , when i'm not in a social mood i've got a few favorite trees ( one suspended over a bog , the other just ... i'd rather not disclose anything too specific at the moment ... but i can tell you this , i would wear a suit , sit in a very luxurious spinny chair ( to turn and kill the hero for most dramatic ... yeah , definitely good for lying ... ( for the greater good of course ... ) . i like to act , and often times ( and by often i mean without fail ) things go wrong . thanks to all that entp-ness i've been able ... and what if we know absolutely nothing , i mean literally nothing . for all we know time could have just been stopped and our minds could have been reset like a computer . we could really be giant , ... if only i could write poetry that well . it's by one my favorite poets , arthur o'shaughnessy from his ode called ... well ode , it doesn't really have a title . oh ! and speaking of poetry , here's ... alas , too many people i talk to think this is a theory ... it doesn't say i can't ... the ends justify the means of all sad words of tongue and pen , the saddest are these , ' it might have been ' in life we never have as much time as we think we do we are ... humans are completely and entirely selfish creatures . we're no more than organisms whose soul purpose is to continue the species , and by doing that we must protect ourselves . everything we do is ... huh , from that description i sound like a mutant infj / entp hybrid ( just thought i'd put my two cents in ) ha , it's not so hard , toss yourself in a pool . if you don't figure how to stay afloat then the worst that could happen is you make some nice lifeguard friends =D actually , scratch that , don't do ... alright , well if you don't cooperate with their ideas they're not going to cooperate with yours on principle , you have to be nice and helpful and then they have to listen to your ideas . not doing ... jeez , i don't know how you people survive and yeah , i remember the whirlpool game , that was great . it works especially well in small pools , though we used to let the whirlpool just carry us along ... the gods , the myths , the legends , the entps ... ( nah , i'm just kidding , but that would go nicely with our supposed egos ) best friends . i didn't used to have any of those , now i do , and they make me happy =D ( i'm in a good mood ... i'm allowed to be over cheery ... ) right so i've got an estj , enfp ( but she has a ... you ... you can't swim ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? this is horrible ! you get your butt down to a pool , now ! go ! swimming is too wonderful to be missed out on ! splash around in the little people pool , take lessons , ... you have to be flexible , it kills me when someone comes up with an idea that is clearly far inferior to mine ( yeah , yeah , there's that entp ego talking , so yeah , i know how you feel , but i can also ... '