' i am heading into seoul , south korea this weekend . if anyone is local there i would love to link up . i never understood the name thing . first why can't we name people all sorts of things . isn't that how names came to be anyways . my name is christopher which means bearer of christ . so obviously ... as others have said perfectionism is not a bat thing . however , what you are experiencing is something different . unfortunately as an infp i think we are sometimes too hard on ourselves . ... i dont know if people actually like me or if they just tolerate me . it makes me parrinoid . not because i want them to like me but because i usually just tolerate them and i hate it . i dont want ... outbursts of anger . i feel your pain on that one . when i get to that point its usually because i have been offended ( usually by being ignored ) or someone else is being offended . normally i do just ... another way to go is to blend the two . make the person an antagonist who turns into the protagonist at the end . say a person who is misunderstood and therefore seems to cause problems who in the ... you know your an infp when you are pretty sure something happened and when other people deny it you realize it was just you day dreaming . i am currently in the military , and i will tell you the truth it can be hard sometimes for us infps . i have been in for almost 10 years and am currently a warrant officer . as an infp most will tell ... i know exactly how you feel . we live in an society where extroversion is the norm . if you withdraw at any point you must be depressed , right ? and as for the constantly trying to reach you , it's ... there is much more to a relationship than 4 letters . any type can have a loving relationship . there may be recommended types but if you connect with this person and they connect with you then that ... man with a large heart . i would say that addiction and dependency is probably more likely to happen in someone who is dealing with intense emotions ( i know this is a pretty significant breakthrough but please hold your ... haha ! my big thing is i stop an ask other people where i was going with this train of thought . my favorite answer is when they say i lost you a long time ago . my close friends have learned to ... deep minded is really the thing . at work people are so quick to make decisions ( to the point where a quick decision , even when wrong , is a good decision ) , but then i come in , late , and have a plan ... i wish i had kept a journal . i do now and i love it . however , as a child i didn't live in a house where privacy was of very much concern . if i were to have kept a journal my dad probably would ... i have always known that i act differently at work than i do at home or in private . so i decided to take a personality test based upon how i act at work . the results came to be an estj . now i feel ... 170258 something like this . very well said . being an infp is something to celebrate . don't feel that you need to fall into every stereotype that you read on the internet of what infp's are supposed to be . not all of us are ... i don't feel there is one singular meaning to what life is ( life is the essence of humanity ) . as a religious person i feel that one of the meanings of what it is to be human is to praise and honor ... well i am a super alpha with 4 kids . i like these portions of your post . i do know that the alpha male thing isn't actually a thing . however , it does give a visualization of the behavior we are describing . also culture does have a ... caution : there is some bad language that is in this video ! ! ! this guy is our perfect example . i think you hit the nail on the head . i don't think it's who they actually are . i definitely fell that it's an act they put on to be something they are not . this is why the problem compounds when ... when time gets tight and people demand a poem i write for the man about 30 seconds . it's pretty extensive . have you watched mtv lately . i got a good laugh out of the ad that showed up . 165898 maybe we all just need to boost our testosterone . first i am loving the glee gif . second that is some really sound advice . it's about branding masculinity . i haven't ever though of it that way . i don't feel bad about it any more . i have spent enough time in the friend zone to know that girls hate guys like this but feel they must date manly men . so they keep on going with the vicious ... being called gay can be painful . i learned to get over it . i would rather be seen as gay than a caveman . at least gay people are fun . cavemen play in their feces and draw pictures on the wall . ... i call it proving masculinity . i don't find it necessary to prove that i am a man . i think my wife and 4 kids can vouch for my masculinity . when we have get togethers ( like work bbq's ) i seem to ... 1 . why do evil people have a larger impact on the world than good people ? 2 . why do we need government ? 3 . are there any real truths ? it was true once that the earth was flat . it was true once ... find a healthy release . mine is cycling and hiking . i can ride forever and the whole time be alone with myself . or i go for a hike and when i get to the top i sit down and read a book and enjoy a ... study habits are really dependent upon the subject and my professor . if i find the reading to be interesting i usually read the assigned chapters once and i am good to go . if i don't like the ... i always wondered why i was horrible at giving directions and my wife is great at it . i mean i'm supposed to be the one who is good at giving directions right ? well the reason is i don't navigate ... sing , whistle , hum , tap the beat with a pencil you name it and i do it . the only saving grace i have right now is the guy i share an office with loves music and sometimes joins in . well i'm out . two years ago i was leave a christmas party . i was backing down a steep driveway in the snow and slid my truck into a parked car on the other side of the road ( the roads were ... they significantly overcharge , says my one good bull , and eat his warm , steamy butter flakes . while my schedule really sucks i am an early bird . i am up until about 11 or midnight and up at 5 . i prefer mornings but have no problems staying up late . my favorite time is enjoying a cup of ... i am so ridiculously handsome . i mean really who wouldn't want someone with these stunning good looks . if i were me i would totally do me . ( can i throw up now ? ) i saw this video and it really touched me . ! freakin sharks with laser beams on their freakin heads . what a great thread . well in 10 years i'll be 37 ( yikes that's almost 40 ) . well i hope to have a couple of things that have changed . 1 . i want to be debt free . i really hate the idea of ... sorry for party rockin the movie was way better than the book i have always bonded better with women than with men . this has caused people to question my masculinity for quite a while . even when i was a child my dad asked me if i was gay ( this was a very sad ... i am the one with my face in a book . i am quiet and reserved . i am the one who will talk forever if i have something important to say ( so if i'm talking you better listen ) . great song with a great cause . i love a handwritten letter . emails are nice . but there is something that is more personal about a handwritten letter . when i was deployed to iraq my wife and i talked fairly constantly but when ... dang i meant to cancel this and come back to it later when i had more time to type . sorry about the super short answer . but yes unfortunately this is the first controversial topic that came to ... gay marriage while i am not super knowledgeable on mbti i can see how you feel . when i first started learning about mbti i thought that it was just a big stereotype . i soon realized that it actually is a ... '