welcome to the forum . if you look above the text box when you are typing a post there is a button you can click to add a video to your post . congratulations , my esteemed colleague . i hope you're wearing your best top hat on this auspicious occasion . this will not end well for you . how many times did you take the test before you were selected ? i refuse to join your cult , but i will take a slice of pizza . where i'm calling from by raymond carver borderlands 2 on ps4 ( borderlands : handsome collection ) hello , sorajea . i'm sure plenty of people verify their mbti type multiple times . hello , kristie . welcome to the forum . i usually read novels . i am not drawn to any specific genres . i tend to read general fiction . one of my favourite books is catch - 22 . i am not too familiar with contemporary fiction . i enjoy reading ... hello dave , welcome to the forum . in regards to your question , there is a sub forum dedicated to speculating on the types of fictional characters and real people , but that is usually limited to a ... here are some of my favourites : seinfeld the walking dead the simpsons breaking bad trailer park boys arrested development married with children prison break mash welcome to the forum , uterusbearer . i usually read while sitting in my computer chair . sometimes i read on the couch . hello , shannon . welcome to forum . i'm sending my answer your way . popcorn i sleep on my side . usually , i start off on my right side for a while and then turn over a few times until i fall asleep . welcome to the forum , tml . i am a fellow canadian . the imitation game middle-earth : shadow of mordor . i've been playing it for a while . i should be finished up soon . lately , i've been having fun branding the orcs . i have a fair amount of sauron's army under my control ... hello , lithenai . welcome to the forums . one - thumb two - forefinger three - middle finger four - ring finger five - pinky finger welcome to the forums , grace . enjoy your stay . i don't think there are any guidelines for an intro topic . you seemed to have covered the basics . the dark tower vii by stephen king welcome to the forums , captain . jack reacher it's that obvious , eh ? if i travel somewhere / stay at somebody's house , i bring everything plus an itemized list so i don't forget anything . i'm always late . we don't need any damn rules . 1 . istj 2 . atheist 3 . my parents aren't religious and they never brought up religion when i was growing up . i think we should host the party at my place . are you telling me that infjs are trained assassins ? : ninja : i'm not sure if i've ever had anybody say i'm boring to my face , but i'm sure people have had that thought about me . i know i am boring , but i don't need somebody telling me that to my face . i don't ... do i just name the last movie i watched ? i watched high plains drifter last night . well , that may be true , but i like my chances of staying unmarried . i don't see myself ever getting married . i'm an istj . i don't have an interest in smoking weed , but i don't mind if other people want to legalize it . welcome to the forum , someone 12345678 . to answer your question : no , i do not have any specific role models that i think of when i am making decisions . welcome to the island . the great shark hunt by hunter s . thompson i usually read fiction and i don't skip ahead to the end . occasionally , i will check how long the chapter is , but i don't read anything further ahead . i read in smaller chunks over a longer period of ... it's time for a dance contest . i don't care if we're late . istj . i don't have a religion and i wasn't brought up in any kind of religion . i've never taken a legitimate iq test , but i do have a mild interest in take one someday . hugs for everybody ! i scored a 33 . i bleached my hair blonde when i was 14 . that was 12 years ago and i still regret it , hah .