again . if you do not wish to apply an absolute to the statement , feel free to try it out . i don't need to as i know about physics and what an impact of x speed and y mass will do to me . that is ... if you hold there is no objective reality to test against and be knowable - feel free to move in front of a speeding truck and imagine surviving . objective reality may just show you otherwise ... # 1 existence i . e . reality , requires no justification , as it is prior to and independent of consciousness . to exist is to be something - distinguished from nonexistence ( nothing ) . it is to be an ... large sections of blank simply to accomodate a user profile stats side bar seems some what inane . does this go under , ' i need money for the pet game ' ? :P you may enjoy the art of john blanche . sandman would probably rate as my highest too . the dream hunters with graphics from yoshitaka amano is probably my favourite . as for ' normal ' comics , bear & lenore i rate highly . no . reality exists , whether we know certain components are there or not . empiricism is not the sole domain of knowledge and requires rational discernment . logic is fundamentally important . ... opera is highly customisable without the need for a large amount of add ons that firefox prefers . simple java scripting provides the rest . plus it's a little faster . :P an objective reality . a is a , a cannot be non a . objects possess a specific nature , an identity . the epistemological corollary is the axiom that consciousness is the faculty of perceiving that which ... korean anime : wonderful days .  mushishi  top right . sukiyaki western django objectivism , and from that obviously , ayn rand as my influence . anti descartes / kant . welcome , fellow istp . irregardless of its own theory - its actual validity which has been tested is questionable . this is statistical validity . so until it can be shown to have valid construction - keep treating people ... valid points , calypso . i have seen , individuals use of types to label other individuals on no basis other than observation . generic descriptors were then applied as if this was a valid way to ... evil , how ? at any rate , vote one way and you risk having a woman in power whose level of reasoning is wholly questionable . vote another way , and welcome to socialism , american style . ... it allows me to find amusing individuals who take on face value any one given internet site description . for the amusement value alone it must be appreciated . gross generalisations are amusing . one may as well insert a race or ethnic background for the same rhetoric . as for political leaders , such arguments tend to ignore that a populace is not a bound ...