' yeah , where is the logic in doing something i do not enjoy doing ? the fact that i talk , a lot . without thinking sometimes aswell . being pretty dumb . i think hei from darker than black is istp . a girl on fb updated her status with i am ready too party ! . i replied with me to ! . seems noone got it :( oh , a lot of things . 1 . disrespect towards me . i couldn't care less about other people , but if my partner doesn't respect me , her ass will be dumped accordingly . 2 . lack of logic and being ... see ? can't stick to the point , but must find some kind of loophole in your wording or something like that to make you feel stupid and elevate them above you . i know , that is exactly my point . in every thread like this that pops up on these forums , we have a bunch of selfrighteous intjs who jump in and say that we can't decide because that would be ... yes , but unlike other people using those functions , i dont annoy myself using them . yes , se and fi in control ? wouldnt want to get anywhere near that shit . intj is obviously the winner for me . perfect mixture of traits to achieve success . lol , i imagined these threads would turn out to be an elitist intj-fest where people circlejerk each other and boost their egos by saying hurr durr its ignorant to discriminate against mbti types ... i would say esfp . they have all the traits i consider really bad . yes , in a relationship i would be a cuddle monster . i don't know why you people whine about meaningless status updates really . is anyone forcing you to care ? well , i use facebook to troll my irl friends and play robot unicorn . oh , also i stalk ... while looking at cognitive functions , i would say i am an intj . i think i am ni-dom , since i can't explain my thought process , which seems to be a hallmark of ni ? i am definitely not ne , at least ... i identify with ni a lot more , at least in that description . just took the questionnaire you provided , here are my results : part 1 : tactical : 19 logistical : 8 strategic : 32 diplomatic : 6 part 2 : impact-centered : 12 i was thinking that maybe my ni-te creates an image of ti ? ti is about making logical decisions from a subjective set of mind , at least the way i understood it . te is more objective and ni is ... chart-the-course and behind-the-scenes would be the best descriptions for me . ' bolded parts fit me . i would say : kitchen - female all other rooms - male lolololololo 1 . it depends . i don't like getting knowledge because it is knowledge , i get it because it is fun to know . if it is fun and not applicable , i would still learn it though . 2 . understanding . i learn ... i like having knowledge just for the sake of having knowledge and understanding the world around me . it will prove useful later in life though ( i am planning to become a physicist of some sort ) . ... if i am not competent or if i do not understand right away , i am often shunned and wont go further into the subject ( unless it has a purpose , for example understanding something in chemistry is ... theorists need to feel competent and often want a measure of competence before they even do something . to practice or “ do ” means failure and that often can strike at the core need . isn't this ... after reading it and giving it some thought , i can say that i definitely introvert intuition and i identify with it the most . i identify with everything it says on that post . i think i introvert ... statement 1 : i am more like an nt in that regard . i often cannot be bothered with things that i cannot do right away . every single one of my hobbies , i was good at when i started it . i really hate ... well , i am not sure if my functions have been supressed in any way . the link you gave me didn't help me , it just listed traits that istps and nts had that were alike and nothing to decide if i am ... well , istp actually seems like a pretty good match , though i don't see myself as a sensor at all . sure , i do pay attention and notice details but everyone have a bit of a sensor inside of them . i ... here are my results from the cognitive functions test : extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 26.4 ) average use introverted sensing ( si ) * * * ( 16.2 ) limited use ... well , i did it a few days ago and i haven't saved the results , i just remembered the top 3 . i have never gotten anything else on tests though , just intj and intp . i can take a function test ... hello and thank you for the tip . i have taken a cognitive function test and ended up with ti in top , ni in second ( not by much ) and te in third . all the other functions were relatively low . ... i know about the cognitive functions , but the problem is my thought process isn't something i can describe , even to myself . hello . i have read many profiles of different nt types and i feel that they all fit me a lot . i can't really distinguish which one fits me more . are there any general things i need to look out ... i would like to have one or two kids later in life , just because i need to keep spreading my dna and create more intjs . so i have been looking at a few documentaries and read different wikipedia pages and now i don't even know where to start . really enthusiastic now , thank you for the advice . i see . st0831 , i have thought about it the same way , but when i was a kid i really enjoyed science . since i was three i read a lot of books but school has kind of discouraged me . i read up on ... so do i , but the school system forces me . well , it's not the fact that i see people as having no emotions . i just do not take it into consideration when for example planning a group project or just talking to people in general . well , i have a bit of a problem , not sure if i can call it a problem though . i tend to see people as robots without emotion or any other human factor . when i work in groups i don't amount for them ... are you untidy ? yes , i am very untidy . do you like to act / perform ? not unless i need it . do you apparently listen very intently to what someone is saying , then wander off onto a completely ... hello . i am 16 years old , meaning i haven't come too far in my education . all the physics , chemistry and biology i have learned so far have been very basic and had nothing to do with mathematics . ... i am only 16 and still live at my house so i have a cell phone to keep in touch with parents incase they need anything and the occasional texting to someone when i need anything . i don't use email ... - mental self ( mental stimulation / growth ) - fun / recreation ( hobbies , entertainment , etc ) ( goes hand in hand with mental self ) . - physical self ( physical health , appearance , etc ) - career ( what you ... his chart is really off . as topic ; i have no idea , that is why i am asking . i often forget details in math and that makes me screw up on tests a lot so i started this topic because my selfesteem is at the bottom right ... intj . not afraid of spiders . i think i am a bit like light , but also a bit like l from death note . you could say a mix of them both . favorite : math , physics , chemistry , biology . least : art , music , crafting . death note , akagi , kaiji , one outs , samurai champloo , code geass . i have limerence now aswell , i am obsessing over a girl . we have some kind of romatic relationship forming and we had our first physical contact a few days ago . needless to say i am pretty ... '