' what do you mean . i thought myers bridds was a percentage of each letter , you could be only 50 % extrovert or 90 % can't it be the same with f and and s ? i think i might be borderline . it did come up in a test once . but most test tell me i am a estj i don't deal very well with rejection at all . i like everyone to love me and i go out of my way to make sure that people do . but that only applies to people i want to befriend . if i hate your guts ... star wars mbti chart | geek in heels i found this on facebook . seriously what do you guys think ? that's a bit extreme ... but when i show my friends they didn't say no way ! i wanted to be ... my picture is in my profile this is got to be the worse week of my life , after my brother's death it's all over now . the worth thing ever . don't even think about it oh it's nice to read something good about us for once lol :) oh i have mixed feeling about this . i hate the marketing of christmas and all the gifts exchange that goes with it . but i like buying present if i am not under pressure to do so . if i am please by ... i would love not to have to lecture it would mean the world would be perfect for me . i rant a lot especially @ work . sometimes my colleagues tell me to shut up when i have gone too far or overdone ... yes we do love , but not always express the love in the most obvious manner . example : i love my mum , i don't see her often because i live abroad . she has just spent one week with me . i planned the ... hi , i grew up with my single mum . i know my father and meet up with him sometime but he never contributed financially or emotionaly to my upbringing . hence why i don't celebrate father's . he always ... i do enjoy a good deep discussion but like someone mentioned before you end up talking about death . at work i often trigger conversations or debates from something i say but i am rarely the one that ... maybe try to take on her chores , if she always does the cooking do it for example . other way is to plan a day with her , like quality time and do something like a relaxing day spa , or just a massage ... so reading all this , how do you go from being an unhealthy estj to a healthy one ? i love being busy . but i always plan some down time too ( otherwise i get run down and ill ) . i do a lot of sport , mainly rugby , train twice a week then games on sundays . then i have to fit the gym , ... i am / was in a estj , estj relationship . in a middle of a break up . don't really know what is going on . i called it off although i was the one most attached . arguments were frequents . i couldn't ... i am not trying to offend anyone or be racist but i have been in the uk for a bit and dated a lot of english and foreign men . i have lived in france and in the west indies . i have friends of lots of ... same i never impulse buy and i like to buy random gift . i check my bank account everyday and keep a very good track of my finances . always looking for a bargain , a refund or a discount :) . never pay ... it depends on the situation . i have apologized in the past when i have gone too far ( i am pretty good at hurting people with the truth and shake their confidence to the core ) or if i have made them ... very often , i will not back down of a heated argument , but later i might think about your arguments and if they are valid i will change my attitude . i always say that i love sales people , because ... after 2 weeks of cheating on my boyfriend , i decided to call it off . its over . i am not better off , but he deserved better that this day number 3 of cheating on my 7 months bf . i do like him a lot but i am obsessed by my limerance object / boss . one is real , the other psychologically satisfying . i hate being a cheat . i haven't had ... my rising sun is on virgo and is very stong , i make list for everything , i love it i think homosexuality exists since antiquity , maybe as old as human history . so why wouldn't it be natural ? maybe religious believes made us think that it is wrong . i don t think it is a trend . it ... especially in terms of friend . i have always chosen my friends , i am very suspicious of people choosing me as a friend because i think what do they want from me lol ha ha that always happens to me when my work colleagues go to the coffee machine and ask me if i would like a drink . do i need the caffeine intake ? i am driving far later ? am i doing any sport ? am i ... well i tried cut him off for 8 long months and i am now back to square one ... i know for sure the outcome is not gonna be good . but how bad does it get ? maybe he should give you a to do list before he goes to work , and you can agree what you want to do or what you can't do . at leat like this he cannot be disappointed when something is not done . but ... i am the same . something useful . i always have a list of stuff i need / want but can't afford yet . so anything from that list . clothes , accessories from my favorite shops . but i do appreciate a ... this is totally what i am going through with another estj . heart and mind are fighting all the time . i call them good and bad side . i want to be good and stay away ( he has got a gf ) but at the first ... i know 3 male estjs female here ! i don't think lying is ever appropriate . because one lie often brings more lies to cover up for the first one . i hate liars . i never heard anyone being thankful for being lied to . everyone appreciate ... i never used to look at thanks until now you have mentioned it . i just want to espress myself . but i do thank people if i agree with someone's idea or if they make me laugh and i have nothing to add ... feel free to spell check , english is not my first language so why would we limit the natural selection to suicide or mental illnesses ? if we think that way then why giving medicine for anything ? by then we would have been resistant to almost most form of ... that does make more sense people that are able to make me do a 180 are : sales people and people i care about that can sell me what they are talking about . if you present something new to me like a nice glossy brochure and ... i am quite annoyed by that comment . it shows a lack of tolerence . it's not like we have chosen our type . you are judging all of us on your perception of the world and your encounter of a few of us ... i also think we takemuch longer to open up . before i can qualify someone as friend there must be a lot of trust in place , which obviously takes time to build . so yes maybe at first we might appear ... i knew someone would mention us :-) wow , i am glad estjs are not on the list . i think the coldness is just a perception if you are a warm person . i have a istj friend and he can appear cold but i like him like that . he does not ... my best friend is a istj and i have never seen any violence directed towards me but i have heard stuff from his ex . i think he wasnot very nice to her . i went on holiday with him recently , and ... off course we can change . if we realize we are doing something wrong , off course we cannot be hypocrytes and carry on doing it . i have doing 180s more than once in my life if i see that i am onthe ... i just can't go throught this , whneis it gonna stop . i just want him out of my head , i want to be normal again . the thoughts are creeping our of nowhere ! i was so down and low last night after having ... today was sooo hard . it took me all my willpower to ignore him . i had to text my friend so many times to stop me . but i id it : happy : don't worry , i am sure you meant no harm , i was just shocked by my loss of control ( being a estj kind of the worse thing ever ) . my life is busy , always . that leminence is in the background of ... ok , just read about it and the flood gates are shut now . it will go away and i am doing the right thing . and now i know there is no way in the world that anything can happen . and i am not the only ... '