huh ? maybe try to explain your choice ? why fives should be poor in spirit , why should seven mourn ? and so on ... nope , i can't see any relation . i think i have balanced wings . i don't feel particular influences from them . and it looks like your sense of loyalty is similar to mine . i guess it may be more of a personal thing , maybe a matter of growing up . i actually was taught about loyalty as a child , as well as other ... i wonder ... i have kinda similar approach to envy . compared to many people , i seem to not be so envious . i rarely feel very oriented envy , i think i rather envy more general things , like luck ... i'm not shy , i'm just not very social . i know it i . e . because i tried that kind of exercise - and i can do that , it's just i don't find it interesting nor particularly rewarding . however there are ... i'm not sure how to understand avarice in context of enneagram . i have tendency to be possessive about people , but i know it for long , long time , since childhood , and i always keep it in mind and try ... maybe all healthy types are loyal . that's why judging by own experience is tricky . hm , i don't think so ... loyal to knowledge ? adventures ? you can't be loyal to knowledge . i think loyalty applies ... what you write about 6 and 8 sounds pretty convincing . in fact i often feel mistrust towards sixes and while i don't find 8s more attractive , i would be probably more likely to trust an 8 ' s ... depends on their type ... sometimes you know they act like that out of malice . actually i don't expect everybody to act like an intp , especially not people i know , who aren't intp . there's a huge ... ok , thanks for stating so clearly what transcendence you were talking about . what i had in mind was more spiritual meaning of it , so it turns out we probably talked about two different things .  ... that actually sounds pretty similar to what i think about illusion , just i don't feel like trying to explore it with psychoactive substances . maybe my idea is fluffy , probably because it's so ... i just tried to explain , in relation to the thread topic , why i agree with attitude ' i don't want to be connect with the universe ' etc . and at the same time use enneagram . i was asked whether i ... this argument about having to try everything to be able to have opinion about it is quite weak , in my opinion . there are a lot of substances or states that make people feel like they experience ... i believe they are just effects of brain acting weird . just because somebody experiences amazing and moving feelings doesn't mean they are transpersonal . as far as i know , things like joining minds ... yeah , i agree with you . i have similar feelings and i wrote about them similar times around the forums , once even getting into an argument : rolleyes : i just don't like mysticism at all . i'm an ... we can't be sure if these people really are 5w6 or even 5 . famous people who have anything to do with widely understood ' smartness ' are often typed as 5 . i don't recommend following the charts . you may try on various colours , so called self-draping . it's not as hard as it may seem , you just need good light and patience . if you do it at home you may do ... yes , it is . any type can have dark hair and brown eyes . soft summer looks best in muted colours that are close to neutral , but more on cool side . bright , pure colours ( including stark white and ... yeah , but i have tendency to feel like that about everyone - friends , family , etc . of course i'm not a small child , so i can see it and correct it . also i dislike clinginess myself , so i'm not happy ... yep , people may see as as very argumentative , smug , negative or shy , depending on their own issues . people unsure of their position , competitive - most likely to see standing by our opinion , ... eh , i think i may be sp / sx then and i dislike that tendency . :( you probably never got real interest in clothing , because if you had , you would know all differences . :) we intp just have that quality and i think that's why some of us are careful about clothing ... black is really flattering and natural for winters and also for bright springs , though they look better in slightly softer black or contrasting patterns including black ( like black and red , black and ... really the best way is for you to try on different colours , in good lighting , without make up and observe how each colour affect your appearance . the most flattering colours that make you appear ... are they too bright or maybe too cool ? take a look at this palette , it's better : i'd say it's more about realising that though in general we don't care about opinion about us , there are some instances when we do , for example : - when having a bad reputation can be harmful to us ... strange definition of normal ... people in general tend to do fashionable things , you just need to find people who generally like similar things as you do . as for facebook , remember that people ... clear springs are the only springs who look really good in black . my friend is a clear spring and her mum has been dressing her in black and red since she was a little child ^ ^ most people ... often people who look good in most colours are brights or just young and good looking :) what you should do is dyi colour analysis , using various textiles you have at home instead of drapings - ... if deep , deep black and stark white are your colours then you are a winter , if not then it's autumn . sometimes it's very hard to distinguish between sister types , but matching colours should tell ... hm ... maybe i misunderstood it , but i'm not really that focused on my interests , in fact i have random interests , i've never had a real hobby and i'm annoyed when people ask me about it ... if ... fives understand . :p ats back : agreed . at least in modern western society intp is rather stereotyped as nerd or asocial , in best case ' kinda weird but nice once you get to know him ' . i admit that in some environments intp ... i don't think in leagues . i've read that mentally healthy people tend to overestimate their looks , intelligence etc . so that most people think they are somewhat above average ) ;) i guess in my case ... somehow it reminds me of clothing in star trek : the next generation ... oh no , we actually give a lot of signs , but not everyone bothers to see them , they are probably too subtle and are only visible to those who really watch for them . remember that every type ... or having a boring life . which actually doesn't mean to be bored all the time , around the clock , just being bored pretty often . for example , if person is for some reason stuck in an environment ... dunno , i'm not that different irl than online , except that online i put more effort into being clear and delicate , as lack of non-verbal communication creates a lot of misunderstanding . i don't think ... ha , than we have opposite views , as i see tan as somewhat unnatural , an ' added ' colour , and untanned as ' real ' colour . of course i don't think of using some harsh means to make skin lighter than ... yeah , that's what i was talking about - lightening skin actually makes it look better ... just it is lightening as keeping it on lightest natural level , not going lighter than one is , as some people ... to a chinese ? insanely difficult , as far as i know . that's how it works , it's how racism affected people's thinking . theirs is aesthetic choice , yours are racial issues . from a purely cosmetological point of view , lightening skin as much as ... oh this . i don't see is a monologue . rather as an observational skill . i'm sometimes surprised that people let themselves show some stuff by body language or babbling and i wonder if they realise how ... i don't . but i replay stuff or plan . i kinda exercise things i could say . i also can replay songs instead of listening to them . if course i do it when i'm not focused on anything particular , like ... perceiving irony in oneself , having distance to oneself . if you keep having disturbing dreams and feel alert there may be actually something bad going on - maybe you just don't want to acknowledge it ? also , some conditions may result in changes in ... it seems you already did a good job by defining your problems and planning to deal with them . continue to aim to be your old self . though it may not be exactly as your childhood self , as we grow up ... i agree . i usually don't look into eyes of strangers , but sometimes i get impression that people try to pin me down with their stare , i read it as a signal they want me to stare back , so that's ... i'm afraid you just have to bear it until you grow up and become independent . yes , but legacy of racism make people assume that the sense of inferiority is the reason . for example asians are very often accused by western media of trying to look more western , to worship ...