' you're both still individuals , sure , you might belong in different blocks of personality types but ... you're still unique individuals . i'm sure mbti can tell us many things about an individual , i ... hot ! 10chars - did you get spanked when you were young ? how did you feel about it ? once or twice , i think . not hard . can't remember how i felt , didn't do much harm . - would you spank your children ? no , i ... not really paranoid about anything . possibly that someone'll find all my porn . - - sent from my phone . it was a poorly worded way of saying that estp's are hypersexual :) - - sent from my phone . estp's bone everything . my sexuality is normal , as far as i know . - - sent from my phone . - should it be legalized ? yes . and legalize prostitution while you're at it . - what do you like or dislike about it ? it's fun . it's too easy to get high , so you get idiotic 16 - year olds getting ... if i get criticised i think it over , there might be something to it . if there is , i'll thank for the advice and continue happy because i learned something . if it's an idiotic suggestion i'll just ... i think you misunderstood me . i didn't mean estp's doesn't like kids . i meant that we won't be * that * desperate if we never find anyone . you know the 50 year old guy who is pretty cool and ... probably because we don't rush into it and only marry if we're really sure about it . i would like to see the stats for people who never get kids . i wouldn't be surprised if the majority are estp's . i'm typing this in the most un-rude and big , pink , fluffy clouds way possible . can't say i live a calm life . my family is pretty noisy and annoying . if i ever get a bit pissed , it passes pretty ... me , rage ? u mad ? sometimes i pretend to be pissed to get people off my back , but that's all . your answers surprise me . i thought we estp's were rational , mind > heart and all that . anger is ... why are you not surprised ? has it got to do with personal growth ? oh .. well . he'll have to demonstrate on someone else . the way i see it , if you find the right person , there is no reason to ' seal the deal ' . you'll stick together until you don't love each other anymore , and when that happens it's easier to split .  ... sadly i couldn't find a good picture of the final costume . it was even better . during the recording of a super-hero-esque scene in a movie me and a few others are working on :  depends on what you mean . i'm not authoritarian at all , if that's what we're talking about . when it comes to things that concern me , however , i will have it my way , because i always know better than ... i'm going to force everyone to read the liar . i haven't got far , but what i've read is hilarious . here , have an extract from a part very early on , where the main character is in a dressing room , ... swedish is my native language . we should end this before it gets out of hand and someone dies . don't worry , we are being sarcastic . no offence , it is just the way we are . she's definitely serious , i can really relate to what she's writing . i just didn't have the courage to type it out myself . pretty much this don't question your god ! i'm not very experienced , but i'll share what i can . 1 . when you really like someone ( or in love with someone ) , how do you act around your object of affection ? i try to be me as much as ... - are you religious ? why or why not . no . as i said in a different thread , i don't think a 2000 year old book is a valid source of information . - what religion do you practice ? pastafarianism ... you shouldn't rule out an entire medium just like that . movies , books , music , paintings , pictures , video games . they all have their strengths and weaknesses . i try to stay open to everything , and i'm ... i prefer minor threat , but damage is really good . i'm mostly interested in henry rollins , and the hardcore culture . it was created by very passionate , many times very intelligent people in the ... i'm actually looking around for get in the van by henry rollins right now , which i suppose is a biography . i think a 2000 year old book is a perfectly good source of information . edit : yes , i think your personality matters , a bit . depending on if you need something to give life a purpose and so on ... don't be silly , porn is the most important thing in the world . think of all the good memories , like the time you shot yourself in the face because you had been on a 48 hour masturbation hiatus . - - ... it was surprising to read something like that on this forum , but if it's history it doesn't really matter anymore . so no need for any clarification . i'm not sure if ... wait . what ? characters are my favourite part in books too . i'll have a look at blackberry wine , maybe i'll find something interesting in it . fizz i've lined up v for vendetta for a reading , i'll note the ... we're probably pretty strong inside , but we're not immune to sadness . and since we hate talking about it with people , this is a good place . holiday ! summer ! too bad i hate being outside , and sitting in front of the computer all day gets boring after a few weeks . compromising between not being in front of the computer and not being ... i only do it so that everyone may laugh at the funny phenomenon that is feelings . - - sent from my phone . god must surely be an estp though . think about it . impregnating maria without her consent , offering muslims virgins if they blow themselves up . both point to a huge libido and a crude sense of humor ... i'm posting from my phone because i've been out , but i do post from my computer sometimes . whatever difference it makes ( speaking of being out , i already regret that sms to that girl ... hey , the girl to guy ratio is excellent . - - sent from my phone . i post here all the time . - - sent from my phone . #include <iostream> using namespace std ; int main ( ) { cout < < hello fortis and welcome to the forum ; return 0 ; } fashion is boring and i even find it ugly sometimes , even if i mostly don't care . ( i do , however , like the 10 % pants girls are wearing during the summer : tongue :) i think people care too much ... since fizz gave me a push in a thread i created a few days ago i suppose i should stop dodging this thread now ... many things have been said , so i'll be repeating much . i guess it comes down to ... would probably have some read-worthy posts . people who are being rude . i'm not joking , everywhere i look there's some ... shitty op , i know . the top 5 regrets people have on their deathbeds - lifehacks i stumbled over this article earlier today , and thought i'd share . i'm not sure how i'm supposed to start a discussion here , but eh . ... what forum section does it fit in ? as i browsed the web i stumbled over this article : the top 5 regrets people have on their deathbeds - lifehacks i'm thinking about creating a thread about it somewhere in the general parts of the ... '