' i was raised in a strict catholic family , went to catholic school , hated it , rebelled against it , it probably helped form me into the anti-authoritarian person i still am many many years later . i ... flabbering gasbag try desolation angels then . if you aren't melancholic enough by the end of that ... you'll be downright depressed . : laughing : while some infps might be illogical as a rule , i think where our powers of illogica really shine is when we're emotional . then we are tops . . personally , i think it's illogical that people ignore ... i was going to suggest the dharma bums . i think salinger is over-rated . so is kerouac really , but otr and db and desolation angels are good . the rest are impossible to read . neruda i know what not to do ... don't invalidate whatever he's freaking out about by saying its not a big deal , or he shouldn't freak out about it . i'd suggest being supportive and see how that works . but ... i've learned that for me , therapists are best used like hammers and chisels and screwdrivers , for a very specific pre-defined purpose . like hammering a nail , or turning a screw , or shaping some wood ... funny . just before i found this thread i found myself pouring over the farcebook page of someone i adored in high school a million years ago but was too shy and sensitive to actually ask out . but i ... i want to know what other means . twins and triplets ? i just tied it up at 27.91 % for the youngests . i've written a lot , published a little , all of it nonfiction . for this infp , the words only flow when i'm inspired so i have to tap into that to get a lot of words on the paper / monitor . i can't think ... i don't think i could do yoga with all those birds yapping . : orange : just for the record , i think it's a very biased load of crap . first of all i think a literate person of any type can probably write well . i would probably prefer the writing of nfs though . ... or so it says here : infp careers i'm guessing that an infp wrote that . discuss . my 20s were miserable , punctuated with great joy and beauty , but always returning to misery . fortunately things got better . if i could go back and give advice to my 20 - something year old self it ... i've made very few male friends since high school probably because few of them are feelers . if a person ( man or woman ) can't grasp feelings its hard for me to feel much for them although there are ... an infp can easily let themselves get steamrolled into feeling like you feel , and then reacting in a way that may be perceived as toxic to others . in short , we can become assholes when we let ... much better thanks i'm up for some bernie pretty fucked up i decided to post my thread in a different forum , but that went smoothly . what is my usergroup , and how does it get turned on / off ? i haven't changed any settings in years right , the attachment icon is there in the start new thread window , but not in the reply to thread window . that's why i had to start a new thread to post the attachment instead of posting it in ... i also don't see an attachment option when i reply to a thread , so i had to start a new thread to show this screenshot . where is the prefix drop down that i'm supposed to see ? there isnt actually its the baby boomers forum and there is no dropdown available to me . i don't ever recall using a dropdown . and yet i still can't start one in another forum ? and why was i able to start this thread without one ? i get you must choose a prefix error . wth is a prefix ? this is good news . helps clean up the unsightly , unsanitary apparition of those furry soup catchers known as beards and makes them look even more ridiculous too . i'm a tree hugger . i favor the split in principle because i fall between the cracks , but i despise the name generation jones as much as i despise baby boomer . when you paint an entire generation with one broad sweep of ... put it on his doorstep , light the bag , ring the bell and run like hell . i applied for something like 75 jobs last year and got none of them . i have 20 years experience . finally something fell into my lap . this year i had too many jobs ( but still not enough money ) ... a male vent would properly be termed cloaca . you need to rename this the cloaca thread . if what you said was very hurtful they will come around in either a ) a really long time b ) never but i congratulate you on apologizing . it seems to me that few people know how to do that ... i don't know , whenever i look at the match questions for women who are 90 % match they say something just like your cat example , which for me would be dogs . but usually it's something even more ... dude , ok cupid says you and i are an 89 % match . too bad we're both straight , huh ? this confirms what i've suspected all along about okc's algorithms ... ok , with the caveats that i'm not only single and male but in a completely different demographic , i think i'm interested and i want to hang out is not really displaying the right level of interest ... now that we've seen your pictures , let's see some of the messages you sent . those may need a haircut too . don't be offended by the hair talk-i had long hair most of my life and only chopped it off 6 ... someone sent me a valentine ! someone sent me a valentine ! someone loves me ! i'm not alone ! oh wait . its a form valentine from personality cafe forums . nevermind . a form valentine . what kind of writing do you like to do ? i write nonfiction , creative nonfiction , personal essays . what are you currently working on ? a lot of nonfiction essays , from lyrical essays about ... in the polyamours know of , this is anything but the case . their enlightened thinking has been of a low level actually , and they tend to look down on people not gifted with their heightened level ... thanks you . no , he was not a member here , he was an at-large member of the club . it never occurred to me , but maybe he was infp . we never talked about that sort of thing . it doesn't matter what type ... we lost a member this week . a friend of mine died somewhat unexpectedly monday . i say somewhat because he had some serious illnesses and we never expected him to live this long . we think we have it ... i used to move every few years . i've been pretty stuck since i bought a house . but i still get the itch . i don't know if i feel suffocated by my surroundings because i always live in beautiful ... gray jays aren't called camp robbers for nothing . that one was way up in the bush , north of pickle lake ontario . i've fed them by hand before , but never seen one that aggressive . that fish had only ... i love insects . i get paid to study insects . one of my regular website visits is to welcome to bugguide.net ! - bugguide.net do not go there if you don't like bugs . : happy : god , i'm such a thread killer . well today i went to a friends house and fed chickadees sunflower seeds by hand . the bummer is , i knew i was going to do this and still forgot to bring my camera . ... i'm just happy someone else here goes outside . '