 callout to anyone who wants in :D feel free to join i was just being honest and it may not be totally correct but you didn't at all focus enough on the positives at all . because there should be many . well after i've gone through enfp i'm going to do the rest of the types so yeah this is just the first of many posts for all types . if he's a hunter he's not an enfp , if it's sport shooting maybe . dunno about tough love though . we can easily motivate people to get things done why though ? and does that actually mean there is no room for a relationship with one ? so i posted this on facebook and if you're in the infj group there i'm sure you would've seen it . but since i know alot of you aren't in that group i thought i'd share it here . ( and yes part 3 is ... or or unless you bottle too much and have a melt down . i have had several and they suck really bad and take much longer to get out of yupp that's me . two extreme's tend to think black and white , feels kind of like a rollercoaster at times . robert downey jr ( for overcoming his drug addictions , which is quite admirable ) jerry seinfeld ( he's hilarious and was honest in saying he lives for his kids and if he didn't have them he would ... i've got an underweight problem :P need to find a way to fit into my perfect body . my problem is though it just feels like i can't no matter what i do , which sucks so i've been going into that depressed despair thing as of late and i've overthunk it all and i want to stop overthinking but moreso i wanna know if we don't have to escape it all and bottle ... 2 songs by wax . let's see if you can totally relate to this . i would say he's totally enfp in the feelings he expresses and really had to share because i'm going through enfp depression ( again ) and ... here's one of mine . - is looks important ? of course , but they aren't the be all and end all . unlike alot of girls i hear about today i'm still willing to go for an awesome girl even if she isn't the most attractive girl ... is it just me or was everything better in the 90s ? from renting super nintendo games from the local video store . to ordering pizza and watching classic nicktoons , animaniacs or the original toy story ... let's go for it sometime . i rarely use skype but i'm willing to start escapism has been said and i cannot agree more . no matter what it is , it always is an escape i choose to believe that such a love can exist and make it my mission to make it so . so regardless of reality i'm gonna be the one of the ones who hold on to the idea of romance til i die because if ... most likely my dads passing in 2010 . i was 22 and it was 5 days before christmas and he had a heart attack out of nowhere . it just took alot out of me initially but it made me realize how things can ... depends on what it is , usually i used to not care , but as i get older i get more anxious when procrastinating was thinking about it , but kinda goes against my straight edge image so i probably won't in the end so yeah i'm dealing with real low self esteem . i have friends but hardly any and not a friends circle that hangs out alot i . e not enough social interaction amongst friends . i guess i just feel lonely ... hi ! we are weird , usually unashamedly and i haven't experienced that but i'm not surprised it happened to you . here's a poem that doesn't rhyme because if it did it would but since it doesn't it doesn't but this is my rhyme so i can do what i want and say what i want and you can go f * * k yourself a . no because i need to have a sense of what's right and wrong or i don't think i would feel human . q . if you could go back in time to sabotage the past to your gain without anyone knowing , would ... bar of soap does the trick but i probably could do with a loofah or sponge alas this is most likely the harsh truth either i have to wait for an inf or stick to enxps i guess . i'm on some epic quest to finally bag me an inf ( since i'm really picky and want something meaningful ) if you can't already tell & for some reason whenever i talk to infs i . e most girls i'm into if ... i mean in terms of actions , how do i represent being genuine with a random approach ? i knew i had to be genuine and i'm working towards becoming as congruent and genuine as possible but for some ... yes but how do i get into a situation where i can actually try to engage her especially with her friends ? do i approach her specifically ? approach the friends first and be straight with my ... well then the question is , what's the right approach ? especially if she's with a group of friends like that ? i kinda knew dominance and being jokey like that probably wouldn't have worked and that's ... online sales so i'm starting my own business and as you all know , we have to be passionate ( check ) in our work and suck at studying . so i was curious if anyone can give me any tips on working on a business as an ... chameleon is the exact word i use to describe myself alot even before i knew it was an enfp thing . we can be very balanced and fit in with many situations which is great . my okcupid user name is epic_romance . what does that tell you ? ? i think i have an n / t ambivalence hmm all i will say is i've had a understanding or a certain empathy to vengeance of some villains in some films even though i don't condone their actions in any way , shape or form . ok so let's see if we can type any of these guys mac miller macklemore riff raff kreayshawn a $ ap rocky danny brown action bronson kitty pryde i'm confused because i love black humor and alot of my jokes can be really offensive haha i'm not like that but there are some elements that sound like me . why not to date ( me ) the male enfp | insanekender not sure whether to laugh hysterically or be really worried and take it seriously so what do you think of what this guy says ?  why am i always so low on energy ? i love routine work , what should i study at uni ? ok so this may help but yeah i ended up finding out i had social anxiety when i was younger and have and sadly still do , have issues with self esteem and validating myself . so that could be a factor ... i'm 24 and i'd say late 40s is my limit if it's not serious , late 30s if it is . as for younger i can only legally say 6 years to be safe hahaha yeah when i like a girl the whole world ... wait galaxy ... hmm maybe universe actually , may end up hearing about it . though i'm still unsure if that's a bad thing though :P anyone else feel their looking for , well not just a methodology , but the easiest , smartest and most concrete or guaranteed methodology and a how to get what we want especially since we shun routine ... hmm lemme see if i can use some images of famous people to show what i see when try and cross reference looks with type . i decide to go with mischa barton , who's an isfp ( apparently ) and heather ... well looks play a part but there are times when i've been attracted to seemingly average looking or not totally attractive girls but monsieur is right , it probably isn't just looks alone but how the ...