' i have the opposite problem ... i have too many ideas and not nearly enough time to work on them all :/ to have zero inspiration doesn't compute with me . but i'll basically echo what ... both us major political parties are weakening and will continue to do so as the older generations ( ( not to be morbid ) ) die off and millennials get stronger . of the millennials i know of , not many ... i'm pretty sure this is what i will die of eventually . i live in the us right now and it's very difficult to make friends as this is such a me me me sort of culture where everyone glorifies ... this is what i've experienced as well and recently i realized loneliness is something that often results from comparing ourselves too much with other people who surround us on a daily basis . we're a ... i've been struggling with dealing with friends who are mentally ill and they're so draining to deal with that sometimes i wish i could just cut them loose and go our separate ways , and yet i don't ... with that quiz being multiple choice i have a hard time imagining why anyone wouldn't get a perfect score on it . a lot of the wrong answers were so obviously wrong ... xd implementation is where all my projects come to a halt ... and then i go start designing something else . i'm trying to get better about this but it's haaard . i wanna see more disney like this : an animation like this about isis , global warming or college student debt could be pretty interesting . ... my life in a nutshell ... o <-- < one thing i've learned when growing up is that there are dreams and then there is reality . dreams will drive you to aspire for whatever job it is you really want while reality will punch you in the ... my brother makes me want to strangle him because he yells waaay too loud when he's gaming . i can be on the other side of the house with the door closed and i still can't shut him out . i can't ... that saying from animal farm , animals are all equal , but some animals are more equal than other animals always pops into my head , too , lol . it's so memorable because it is so applicable in ... i've learned i preferred reading manga to watching anime , but for anime i like these ... 1 . attack on titan 2 . hetalia 3 . wind rises 4 . fantastic children 5 . baccano ! lmao . i've known tons of dog owners over the years , lived with dogs my whole life , had friends and family with dogs , trained dogs , worked at a dog shelter ... and in general , people who have ... gotta love over exaggerated , completely false comments : rolleyes : most laws are suggestions of things to do rather than anything of absolute strict importance because most laws aren't even enforced , so it's not like anyone has to follow them . i take it as a case ... i love to read when it's something that interests me and i don't like to read stuff that bores me . if i'm reading something that isn't interesting , i go find something that is . the concept of not ... yes , but you'll have to train it yourself unless you have enough pebbles for a dinosaur trainer ( ( they're expensive ) ) . would you rather hunt / grow your own food , build your own shelter , purify your own water , etc etc instead of paying someone else to do it ? as nice as it would be to spend all day on hobbies and ... if i could get paid for sleeping and / or daydreaming , that'd be ideal . the opposite way that yangs do it . i pay my taxes so society won't have to pay for my jail cell when i get arrested for tax evasion . you're welcome , society . my surname is very uncommon , even in its country of origin , because it only goes back a couple of generations and is believed to have been started by my great grandfather during the russian ... haha i'm glad you liked it ! lord huron is still pretty new and sometimes their songs are still a bit rough around the edges , but i think once the band has matured a bit more and refined their style , ... i bought both albums by lord huron last year and i love them both . now i'm in an indie folk phase . the songs themselves are dark yet adventurous at the same time and their music videos are pure gold ... drawing from memory is more about practice than about cognitive functions . you said you've been out of drawing for seven years so that's probably a major part of your problem right there . i feel ... for me it's a mix of habit and a coping mechanism to deal with depression . i'll be drawing anywhere between 1-8 hours a day , 12 hours if i am particularly free . mostly i do digital art drawing with a ... is it even possible to stop thinking ? i have a hard time imagining it . what is it like ? gender spectrum crap is the result of overthinking from wannabe intellectuals and sjws on something that doesn't actually matter in order to have more labels to throw around for the sake of feeling ... sorry entps , but i'm already seduced by an isfp this year . as someone who reads the manga , i'm hyped on the second season as well . there is so much crazy stuff in store for the anime-only people : crazy : it'll be great . i rec this to everyone who asks ... uhhh i got out of bed today before sunset for once . i have found i absolutely love georgian ( ( kartvelian , not georgia , usa ) ) folk music . it has so much energy and rhythm and the lyrics are about adventures , grand battles and old legends with a long ... probably a sloth ( ( intp ) ) i'm trying to figure out if i need to do this or not because i really don't want to pay the penalty fee but i also only made around $ 6000 last year , and half of that went to helping my parents ... a lot of this sounds like stuff i've been through , and especially this part resonates with me since i've had the same thought many times : i've been told my entire life that i'm intelligent ... somehow when i'm in a good mood , people think i'm depressed and when i'm actually depressed , people think i'm in a good mood . i have no idea how this stuff works . i second doing some kind of physical labor or walking all day kind of job . i was a newspaper carrier for 9 months and it was enjoyable in that it was solitary ( ( i ran into more cats than people ) ) and ... everyone on this site has a phd and an iq of 180 + . most people on perc find it hot if you can get yourself a couple of threads here : i'm writing in nanowrimo as well , as i've done so since 2008 and i've never had a problem with switching between writing fiction and non-fiction , but i honestly don't see much of a difference between ... - why aren't you dating or married yet ? ( ( maybe more of a criticism millennials get rather than intps ) ) - why don't you sleep at normal hours ? - you never seem like you do anything . ( ( people like ... taking naps daydreaming contemplating my next move on civilization v hurricane matthew please i'm 50-50 about quitting my job right now and would like some advice ... i work at night , with my job starting at about 1am and it is a physically active job that lets me be outside at night a lot ... having school debt isn't irresponsible , no , but having a six-figure debt definitely is . to this day , i have yet to find a reviewer i actually agreed with . also , awards shows are garbage . honestly , if someone , a close friend or not , sent me a message like this when i was going through a rough time , i'd ignore / block them , too , because it's insensitive , adds an unnecessary weight onto ... six-figure debt from going to school ? ? wtfff . if i had an so with that much debt who wanted to quit work , i'd dump them since it'd be obvious they aren't responsible with money . '