' i don't really have a type but i think i'd be good with an intp type . i always fancied myself with an astrophysicist or mathimatician but not someone too cerebral and cut off from their feelings , i ... i'm 4w5 , its funny as my mum had a book about enneagram types when i was a kid and she said even then i was 4w5 and now i'm all grown up and she was right all along ! well i think of myself as pretty much a text book infp and to be honest i don't think we have too much in common . i think you sound more like an ixxj perhaps ? still i'm not an expert and i know that ... haha that is me and my boyfriend and it is a bit annoying i agree but hardly the worst thing ever . i normally end up picking and he then gets to sulk if he doesn't like it so were both happy : tongue : ... generally i am not too fussy when it comes to men i guess i prefer them not to drink too much or to smoke and i feel more compatabile with another introvert but the only thing that is a real deal ... i have done so many different jobs it's shocking , i've worked as a window dresser , an artist assistant , in a photo lab , as a photographer , as a cinematographer , as a cinema usher as well as stints ... i totally get that , i had some work in an exhibition recently and never told anyone while most other people were setting up facebook profiles for it and inviting the universe . i got really good ... i have dyspraxia and so while my most recent iq test ( feb 2010 ) administered by an educational psychologist puts me at 99 % and 98 % for most areas my working memory is very poor . it's a blessing and a ... i was brought up in a very meaty house but i always felt / knew there was something wrong about meat . as soon as i was old enough between 8 and 9 i began cutting meat , poulty and fish out of my diet ... i agree , i really did enjoy inception but it was not all it was cracked up to be i think . i also agree about in the mood for love ! again , i agree with what most of you have written . i too am like a sponge that soaks up other peoples emotions . i find it hard even to read a newspaper without being transported into the situations ... yes i really feel this , it's like i can get away with murder at times , i can't explain it but it's like they seem to know that i'm not really bound by the same rules as other people and they know i ... for those of us in the uk , the us and most of western europe and australia being introvert is taken as a negative but it really isn't at all . it's just a different way of being . being introvert is ... you know in the words of the genius kenneth anger sometimes science is just a bunch of bullsh * t . science is great i love it and read a lot of books about astronomy and physics especially but in the ... i am a libra but my rising sign is pisces and i have a grand trine in water . i am infp and compliments to me are like nails scratching down a blackboard ! i really feel uncomfortable when someone give me a compliment . i don't think i would assume they had a hidden motive but i ... pretty much spot on but after time the infp and istj can find that connection it's just not as immediate at with other types . just bringing this one back to say that i have been with an istj for 14 years and it's not always been easy . we are similar in that we are both highly introvert and like to stay in and just do things ... sorry yes thats i typo , guess i should have been in bed when i posted that ! perhaps it's only when you are older that you can tell if you look younger if you know what i mean like if your 30 but still look 19 - 20ish or 40 and look 30ish . after all everyone who is 25 and ... aww i just checked your profile and expected to see a pic of big tough guy like your avatar but your puppy dog cute ! if only i was 10 years younger and single i'd be your infp girl no problem , we ... i am 32 but am frequently taken for someone 10 + years younger than my age . i don't have any wrinkles at all yet but i think it's perhaps more to do with what i project perhaps . so tell me my ... i think to be an infp means to be very much open to everything and to be curious . we tend not to be purely logical so we can take on board and give credence to things others dismiss . i am very keen ... i can see that in myself as well , i quite often go ahead and say and do what i am compelled to do but i frequently feel bad about it afterwards , i believe it is common for infp's to second guess ... infp with management and pr duties , are you sure about that ? it's not impossible but i'm not sure many infp's are naturals or at ease with those roles . here is a wee instant one , it's just what popped into my head as i wrote . this is my process really i write something like that as it comes out then sort of branch out from that seed , it's fun ! ... no it is relevant it's all part of that urge to disappear we infp's have . it seems like we are always going in a different direction to other people who seem to want to be seen and in amongst the ... i think that out of all the types infp must be the closest to being psychic or telepathic . also we are not judgemental or easily shocked even if someone has done something very wrong we can still ... yip it's the same for me , i wasn't really popular at school but all kinds of people sought me out when they need to talk about something really painful and i was happy to do it . i think it's also ... yeah i agree you don't need to have them both together like that , it could have been put in with fascism or even neoliberalism which is totalitarian in it's own way . i am very left wing a socialist for sure with leanings towards communism , i am quite utopian in my ideology ! viva la revolution ! i'm actually having therapy at the moment not really due to any issues but as a means of self exploration . it's called psychosynthesis and it's really great very transforming it draws on jung a great ... i read in a thread about infp's here or somewhere else about how infp as the healer meant that rather than infps radiating a calming healing energy that it sometimes meant that we could draw things ... hmm i lost my virginity when i was 15 to my boyfriend of 2 years . i really wanted to have sex when i did it and don't feel ashamed to have done that at all . when we split up i was single for a year ... i was very bad at arithmetic in school but when we got onto more advanced math which is more abstract i was much better at that . i learned years later that you actually use different parts of the ... i had a book about this when i was a teenager my mum read it and told me i was a 4w5 i think she is a 5w6 . anyway all these years later she was totally bang on i am such a infp 4w5 no doubt about it ! ... i know a couple of guys who i think may have been infp's or possibly intp's but only one guy who looking back was an infp for sure . he actually did fall in love with me and it was really sad and ... i can relate to this to an extent , i quite often don't see my friends for months at at time but i know that when we do meet up we will be able to pick right up where we left off . it's kind of fate as ... ah now i feel a bit like how i always feel if i share whats going on inside my head with a friend , it feels like it's all going so well and i open up and say some crazy thing and expect to hear how ... tonight i am listening to school of seven bells this song is my favourite and a real infp track i think : i also listened to the moonraker soundtrack ... that sounds about right , also i always think if someone is sad or angry that it's my fault they are which is pretty egotistical if you think about it ! i was always a natural at poetry . in school for the exams i think i was the only student ever to be advised to do the poetry question in the english paper as i had an affinity with it . i never have ... dreamy ! my dad always says i am like a fart in a trance . ttp :/ / www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=fart%20in%20a%20trance sums be up pretty well . i have been accused of being out of touch , naive , whimsical , guileless , childlike and it's true i am all those things . something that goes along with that though is that normally in any situation ... i read a book on highly sensitive people and i do think i am one , i soak up everything around me and get overstimulated so easily . i suffer from migraines and i imagine this is common amongst infp's ... i love astronomy , cosmology etc it's my none arty outlet . i always day dream about space and what is out there . nothing beats a clear night , a mug of hot chocolate and my telescope ! i really ... kids often stare at me as well not really in a smiley way but just in a staring my out way , which i can't say i like much . i totally get this , it just feels like a pressure to look and if i suspect less nice news i can put off looking for weeks . i once left it so long ( months ) that hotmail cancelled my account ! i also ... like many infp's i suffer with low mood . at times when i felt bad i something that would calm me would be to lie in my bed under the covers and think about how nobody really knew i was there and that ... i can really relate to that . i often feel that even when i am with people i really like i feel massively overstimulated and anxious and as much as i like them it is always kind of a relief to get ... '