' the similar jokes are due to the characters being written by the same writer . ;-) sawyer's persona is too dark and individualistic to be entp . in my experience , entp's have more of need to be part of ... yeah , i don't know what i was thinking . she's definitely not intj . maybe isfp ? you're presupposing that the joy of competition necessarily includes the need to put others to shame while exalting oneself . i disagree that this is necessarily the case , and i also disagree with all ... i don't see competition as an evolutionary construct at all , and don't believe it necessarily has much to do with animalistic behavior . sure that brand of competition exists , but i would argue it is ... infp's , tell me this : what about the fun of competition ? for me competition creates conditions in which i enjoyably believe something is expected of me ... helping me to bring my best to the ... becca winstone ( ashley judd ) - missing laura roslin - battlestar galactica haha ! exactly ! and peace coffee shop ! ! ! i was there today . anyone ever been to the corner of 33rd and minnehaha ? i don't think memory is bound to si - merely a perceiving function . perhaps the kind of memory is bound to whether it's si or ni . i have difficulty remembering isolated facts ( which is perhaps more ... please disregard true , i know very nice entps , but he doesn't have that detached analytic thing happening . he seems to evaluate more than he calculates . i've honestly been wondering if he might be an enfj who had a ... yes . machetes are the way to go ... all the way . in my experience , intjs come in so many different shapes and sizes ( figuratively speaking , though ... obviously the literal aspect is true as well ) . the ones i know are extremely helpful people who ... i am so sorry for adding a hyphen . i just feel so horrible about that ! ;-) aww man ! well , you did what you thought you needed to do . that's cool . but those videos were so cool . anyway , god bless , amber . although it won't deal with the question directly , i can give a brief synopsis of what i've seen observing my intj sister's relationship with her istp husband : they seem to high five it when it comes ... and now i'm back pedaling . john's an enfp , or at least , the actor is . hahaha . why do we care about this so much ? i went back and watched a few episodes , and i've changed my mind yet again about john locke . he's an enfj . he's very unswerving and rigid when it comes to his decisions , very organized . he's also ... at the risk of turning this thread into a sharefavoriteclipsofdata forum , i just can't keep this one to myself : ! also , i just want to be perfectly clear : i have always taken the firmest stance that indeed all bladibloost have rattatttatty ; and this is true ! i would even include the addendum , ... without ... hahaha ! ! ! yes , you're right . thank you for bolstering my point about intps . that was perfect ! this is exactly what i was presuming to be meant by deductive - an argument that guarantees the truth of its premises . okay . i understand your point here . i wouldn't argue that science doesn't reach toward the specific conclusion ; of course it does , but the premises upon which that conclusion is based always involves ... i think you may have been right in saying this idea was part of a faulty perception . it seems that intps are much more oriented to deductive reasoning than intjs because of each's natural orientation ... entjs are way more action oriented than intjs ( typically ) . i attribute this to their se acting toward te objectives . so , by real time i mean , their perception is less in their head and more attuned ... i just went for a run , and something occurred to me . it may be wrong , but it's worth a shot . , it just occurred to me that one subconscious reason for your starting this thread ( i can't help ... first of all , this thread topic really captures my interest , so i hope more intps and intjs can chime in here . being an infj , i feel like i may have a unique blend of both of these types , having ... i think this bears repeating ... so ... what she said . um ... exactly ! haha ! i always love something personalized - but not just something the other person assumes i'm in to - rather something true and reflective of my relationship with the person . if it comes from you - ... definitely ne dominant ! she's always speaking in metaphors . yes she pays a lot of attention to fashion items ( on american idol ) , but i attribute that not to sensing functions but to her extroversion ... i say entj . they're not all executives and ceo's , especially if they have a particular area of expertise . entjs are some of the most versatile people i've ever met . house comes to conclusions very ... hmm ... do you think maybe it's the least significant personality dimension because you're very balanced yourself ( ambivert ) ? to me it's probably the second greatest personality dimension behind ... haha ! classic istp response ! i love it . i'll take one robohug pie machine ! just make sure it's programmed not to hug immediately after dispensing the pie . john ventures out on his own , making his own rules ( ne ) and following his own personal code ( fi ) . enfps tend to challenge the system , and john does this in response to jack's sj leadership . he is ... also consider the shadow functions at work in a character addicted to heroin , but you have a good point . a lot of us type 4 introverts can want to be the center of attention at times , particularly ... okay , i'll give you jack being an estj . we agree on sayid . but charlie an introvert ? and a perceiver ? look at how much he wants decisions to be made no matter how much more information is really ... i think this all depends on one's definition of religious . the word itself may produce a gag reflex in an entp because of the implied ball and chain and / or feeling of irrational restrictiveness to ... i would say intp yes ! i'd say both griff and melody . such a great movie ! i'm bored , so i thought i'd type as many of the lost characters as i could , leaving out a few more obscure ones . i categorized them according to mbti type ( adding the enneatype ) and emboldened the ... funny , i had actually just recently changed my opinion of merlin ( and colin ) . i think infj too . fair enough . :-) so ... is that why you like bugs ? haha . yeah definitely more infp . made me smile too though ! ni / ti vs . ti / si . let's go ! bring it ! oh , more brilliance ! great interview , both of you . i really enjoyed both perspectives . i always feel challenged by the te perspective , in a good way , like a why can't i just be more that way ; it ... whoo-hoo ! that was such an awesome video ! i'm literally ( well maybe not literally ) shaking with excitement after having watched you two talk . i related so much with all of it ... esp . the paradox of ... '