' this makes me wonder if having te for a dominant function exacerbates the typical inferior function issues . te is inclined to push aside other concerns and focus on obtaining goals , so a extjs ... that's really interesting . i admit it's an alien concept , because i never have an emotion sneak up on me . perhaps some preemptive fi strengthening is needed to at least alert you when something's ... not sure if you want to hear from a fi dom , but i'd thought i'd offer an observation . for extjs i've noticed that with all that overwhelming thoughts / feelings an occasional ' controlled detonation ' ... everyone seems to be emotionally scarred by that infps trying to understand entj thread . i really must read it - it sounds like fun . : tongue : i've come to enjoy a good old fashioned flame war ( as ... no , it wasn't a reflection on the entjs ! : tongue : it's just that you guys won't share certain stuff voluntarily ( which is 100 % understandable ) and sometimes it take the right question to prod you ... just hypothesizing out of curiosity . although it probably will help in general with understanding entjs i know and come across . also there's not enough questions with depth in this thread and ... thanks for your honest answers , guys . i found them very interesting . just some follow up for clarity : you're right about weakness and incompetence being different , but the line ... from reading a bit here about entjs , i've noticed that loyalty and commitment come up a lot . it's clear that you guys take relationships seriously and will fight hard to help , protect , and stay ... it would have been nice if she had let on that she was struggling with this earlier . there's not much you can do if she's made her mind up before you can get around to revealing your underbelly . this is you and your infp ? what a pity . it seemed to be going so well . this sounds like mentally you were a good match , but perhaps not a good enough match emotionally ( for her anyway ) . it's hard ... - what question ( s ) do you want to be asked ? iow , what subject are you keen to talk about but rarely get to , for one reason or another . bonus round - what question ( s ) do you hate being asked ... i test neutral good , but i know some nfps that would be chaotic good . nfjs probably tend toward lawful good or lawful neutral . never mind the fact that ' pure ' capitalist theory operates on the false assumption that society is completely egalitarian and that all people have equal access to resources . libertarianism is based ... that's awesome and rather interesting and . i'm very much on the same page . we should compare notes . we may have some crossover on our favourites and some good suggestions to ... wow , i'm surprised to hear this . i thought it was only people like me that liked depressing movies . :D does it have to be brutal on a large scale or do you like quiet , twisted and dark ... yeah , this sort of behaviour makes things pretty shitty for js . it must seem crazy or a sign of total incompetence , but there are reasons for it . perceivers have great difficulty making plans ... there's been some good advice here but i just want to add this . speaking as a infp , i'm all for te systems ; i need the order and the clarity when i feel chaos taking over . the fact this guy hired ... puts it very well but i will also add to this . you understand your idea better than others because you know all the factors and thought processes that went into shaping it . sometimes ... you can have all the right ideas and say all the right things , but often it comes down to expressing it in the right way . you may present an argument in a way that is meaningful and convincing to ... hm this is one way of looking at it , i suppose . infps believe that ( and i'm pretty sure tjs too . you'll have to set me right on that ) having the right perspective / mindset / understanding will often ... maybe i should explain my thinking : i'm looking for common threads across the different problems and seeing how they tie together . i need to know what differentiates the things that bother ... ok more clarity needed . tell me , what are the barriers you think are stopping you from resolving things or finding closure ? obviously they're there but i can't pinpoint what form they ... then forgive me , rommzu 90 , but i'm going to be more blunt and talk to you straight up like a entj would : : wink : based on what you've said it seems like you are choosing your situation . to put ... there's a couple of things that might help : 1 ) acknowledge those simmering emotions , but don't let them overwhelm you . they're just signs - information like any other , telling you that ... yeah , well i thought so but i'm biased and perhaps i think better of my type than others do . intriguing . what would be your list of essential infp qualities and how best to approach them ? more a list of potential pitfalls than a how-to guide . i really wanted to know all the clever ways entjs win infps over . i'm not sure if you wish to discuss her view of infps or the difficulties ... i see . fair enough . i used to see the two types as oil and water , but as i mature ( and as entjs mature ) i think we grow more alike - well , at least more complementary . not to sound condescending , ... i don't understand . isn't the fact that your position is irrational , and therefore logically untenable , enough of a reason ? doesn't personal consistency matter to you ? and could you explain your ... i hope you see the irony of your situation . if not , let me help you out : - you know several infps who have problems that stem from illogical thinking that they are very aware of yet are ... sorry to butt in - i was just wondering about your last paragraph . it's an interesting comment to me , especially as it seems like the other entjs identify as well . do you mind explaining that ... also : - you make a list of weaknesses for your type and they're all work-related ... i've had two entj lecturers at uni , both in limited entry courses ( ie . less than 12 people ): one was the worst teacher i've ever had and one was the best . entj # 1 was belligerent , nasty , ... johanna mason - the hunger games series martha - who's afraid of virginia woolf patty hewes - damages becky sharp - vanity fair lady mary crawley - downton abbey sloan sabbith - the newsroom ... i'd have to know details to give more specific advice but here goes ... fps aren't persuaded by objective language as much as they are driven by their instinctual / gut impressions of things . ... hey , i'm totally with you on that . i'm the same way . how you get around this sort of problem i don't know . there's got to be a way of getting the paranoia out of the way and getting to the good ... yeah , this can't be easy . even if you have honourable intentions , you're fighting against a precedent set by other guys . however , you need to see this from the woman's perspective too . if she's ... do you think you're not coming across in the the way you intend , or do you think you're going after the wrong sort of women ? actually , few types can imagine and consider different perspectives like a infp . you have the type pegged entirely wrong . if your mum is in fact a infp and a relatively healthy version of the ... i agree . i think healthy development is necessary for a infp-entj relationship to work - perhaps more than any other type combination . up until a few years ago i seriously thought entjs were the ... yeah , that fi vulnerability is a killer , huh ? i've learned to hide it away most of the time . fi works in manner that adds complexity to a person's understanding of a situation . for a fi dom this ... yeah , i've always identified a little too much with the socially awkward animal meme - particularly the penguin . it always surprises me they're people as inept and neurotic as i am about such ... yeah , i've always identified a little too much with the socially awkward animal meme - particularly the penguin . it always surprises me they're people as inept and neurotic about such things as i am . i'm a first born and do agree with much of the description . i'm not sure that its a particularly accurate depiction of first-borns , though . my younger sister and i fit rather well into the ... i have a great sense of direction and spatial awareness . navigation and map reading is no problem . i don't usually pay much attention to street names , though . i can drive down a road everyday day ... 1 . does your first name fit you ? your last ? my first name fits me i suppose . i don't really have an opinion about my last name and don't have a problem with it . i've never really been one of ... any other astronomy nerds here ? : blushed : ... i love 3d street art ! ...  ... some nz pics : happy :  ... i love the jenny song too ( and the conchords in general ) ! i shall receive this compliment on behalf of new zealand : wink : ... '