' hi guys , i'm in my 20s , about to finish my first degree , and my goal is to get into graduate medical school after it . now , my current degree has nothing to do with medicine , but i am taking all ... hi guys , i'm in my 20s , about to finish my first degree , and my goal is to get into graduate medical school after it . now , my current degree has nothing to do with medicine , but i am taking all ... hi guys , i'm in my 20s , about to finish my first degree , and my goal is to get into graduate medical school after it . now , my current degree has nothing to do with medicine , but i am taking all ... that's incredibly mature , and it's so refreshingly positive to come to a resolution where both parties are happier , and wiser after interacting on perc . :) all valid points . i will make the adjustment next time . :P everything else you wrote , i agree , to a certain degree . you go into extreme amounts of detail . i admire that , and i acknowledge it . but the simplicity of what i wrote was lost . i wasn't analysing it ... lol ! ni does make big jumps universally :P it was more used as a deterant because our fe , should be horrified at the prospect , which by the sound of it , it was . :) it wasn't directed at isfjs . it was directed at every single person on earth . your kids are extensions of yourself . your children are yourself , thus , you have to speak positively internally , in order ... lol my description of inferior ne , goes like this . ( from an ni dominance perspective ) they go extremely scatterbrained . just start talking about all the things that could go wrong , that could ... lol ! that's not inferior si , that's neglecting si , and being a healthy entp in his dominant function ! lol inferior si i have heard described as hyper chondriac like symptoms . over reacting and ... lol ! can you elaborate ? i don't believe you're all the same . i've observed that it's a consistent , reccuring theme with sfjs , and if you read the comments before you , especially from within your own type , you'll see that ... 100 % they could be one of the most kind , caring types . they are one of the most kind caring types . just stop bypassing that fe ! lol you are the odd man out lol . this was only genuine and positive :) i think i read that estp swoops in really fast , without giving him a time to answer lol . btw , i realise all this is really counter-intuitive for our culture and what is the ' norm ' , but we're both ... go to him . scary , i know , but we're not volitional by nature . show us that te . showcase yourself in all your se glory . :P also , try not to make it too serious , serious = ni-ti fear / pondering , ... i feel like he got too far deep , too quickly . when we fi , it's intense , and we need time to withdraw , process , calculate all the variables . oh , and him saying ' don't you think its too often ' is a him ... why do you consider them a cockroach ? can you please explain sorry if i was rude , i didn't mean to be.it genuinely just seems like you have a very intricate framework and subjecive impressions of the functions . i''m obviously not inside your mind :P if you can ... i don't even know what to say . that's a very bizzare framework you've constructed in your mind , with little grounding to reality , or the forum we're on . so let me get this straight ? killing someone for ' compassion , and humanness ' is a good thing ? eh , owning a mansion with high earning job , hot wife , is superior to a factory worker who has to pay alimony ... she was saying infjs need to embrace their inferior se . not that we should magically spring a te aux function ! :P lol it's not an infeority complex . it's acknowledging that entjs are validated by others in unseen ways . sigh that was a bizzare round about way of tackling the question . superiority is not laziness . the ceo who doesn't sleep at night , works his ass off , is superior to us by virtue of the fact that he does ... don't get it twisted , i do not think intjs are the perfect type . i do not even consider them an alpha type , more like a psuedo alpha type . i was talking about entjs alone . it's the fact that they are recognized for it . they are called ' emotional ' , i am not recognized as being practical or attune to the real world . i think most types are not validated on their inferior ... dup intjs have inferior se too mofo ! :P fascinating perspective , and i definetely agree that it can be circumstantial . however , not lways . there is such a thing as having two alpha males in the one room , even if one is ' superior ' than the ... conflicting relations between psychological ( personality ) types very true , and very fascinating to hear it from your perspective . when i was younger , i used to be incredibly confident and people picked up on it . inf se is just so hard ( yet so important ) an infp who's an aggressive woman ? please tell me more conflicting relations between psychological ( personality ) types i know what you're talking about . there are two strains of entj . the ni type , or the te type . the ni type is jeremy piven , the te type is ari gold lol . i definetely do consider the te type to be ... dup i have this theory that entjs are percieved by others to be the perfect type . they're considered emotional ( fi ) , they're considered to be practical alpha men and women ( se ) , they're considered ... thanks ! ! :) lol , i believed i was dumb for my whole life , everyone told me i was stupid , especially my family , then one day i took the wechsler iq test and got 130 ' very superior ' 98th percentile , with many ... sure :) peace and love now , we can debate anything , anytime if you want to . just present your case and argument and i'd be happy to engage :) mhmm . that's his . great job reading and absorbing the information pal you think you're diffusing bullshit , but you don't have the faculties to ' diffuse ' anything . you're spouting far more than you're diffusing . you're dead wrong , and it's not ad hom . you haven't ... you're really annoying because all you want to do is win , and not come to a solution or answer . i've told you you're wrong about the inferior function and dario nardi , do your own fucking research ... look i'm not gonna sit here and argue with someone who believes ti types don't use the analytical part of the brain . a second ago you thought that parts of the brain did not serve a specific ... i'm not finding you a source , or exact page number . you should have read it , because if you did , we wouldn't be having this idiotic argument that ccan be cleared up in two seconds . it's in a talk he ... this is where you're wrong again . you should familiarise yourself with his work and the work of other neuroscientists , before you declare . there are exact locations of the brain that are responsible ... ehhh , what do you want to debate ? i mean , the grip definetely does exist because dario nardi found that in all types , when they experienced their inferior it showed to be much more intense and ... the bottom line , is that you spend so much time on here that you've reached a status of v . i . p member , post rank master , and you don't even believe in the thing . you can falsely intellectualise ... no , my logic = i experience the exact same thing as you , i know how hard it is , we're all in this together . why are you on a mbti forum if you don't believe it's real ? it sure does . no , instead of squinting and looking at the details of an object , i instead withdrew into my mind and started contemplating things . one was draining , one was invigorating . okay . '