' no ! i've had multiple people tell me i seem so mellow and calm and laid back and it always makes me laugh but genuinely confuses me because 99.9 % of the time i'm feeling anxious . if i feel ... thank you so much for responding . knowing her , my gut did tell me it was more about personal feelings than my performance . i just can't shake the fact that it only started when my performance ... * crickets * man , when the esfj i work with is either ticked off or doesn't like you everything you do will be criticized . she'll talk bad about you behind your back but will be nice to your face but will also ... since the esfjs here are being too nice to criticize us inxx types i'll do it for them from an infps point of view lol . the esfj in my life gets frustrated that i'm too quiet . they find me ... i think her ego is a bit bruised , as anyone's would be regardless of type . i'm an infp , not an esfj but the esfj i know is very sensitive and tends to take things personally ( as do infps ) . but it ... so ... i'm an infp who has worked for an esfj for a few years now . my boss has always doted on me and told me and everyone around me how awesome i am . she's spent years complimenting me and ... for me personally , i take criticism very hard . i accept the criticism as true and don't argue about it but ... i think infps base their self-esteem on outward things like job performance , making ... i have very poor attention to detail . but i didn't really notice it for a long time . if i noticed it i wouldn't lack attention to it , would i ? but recently i started a new job where attention to ... i really , really hope it's not number 1 :( i can see the second scenario possibly having something to do with his sudden behavior . he's a very sensitive person . the only thing that happened between me ... i've never seen an esfj be overtly mean unless they're in a fight with someone . then i have seen them hit below the belt . but it was always with people they were very close to and could possibly be a ... hello , esfjs ! maybe you can help me understand an esfj in my life . this esfj cares about me a lot , has complimented me for years , go out of his way for me , has even developed feelings for me . we ... intellectually i'm like , ' hell no ! ' because this esfj i like is the exact opposite of anyone i would ever consider going out with . we have fundamental differences that i'm not okay with . ( racist , ... i think most infps are pretty smart because they value constant growth as well as truth . they seek out information and knowledge . they're also very curious . they spend a lot of time in their own ... yes , because we have introverted feeling as our dominant function . we feel very strongly and very deeply but this feeling is very introverted so we're often mistaken for cold , aloof , thinkers , ... haha . she's not hating you :P she's panicking inside , trying to figure out the appropriate way to react to your joke so as not to offend you lol infps probably aren't going to be hating anyone inside ... my experience as an infp getting to know an esfj over the past couple years : i think infps and esfjs value compassion and emotions and caring for others so much that when they sense it in each ... this . yes ! i relate to everything in your post , especially this last bit lol i think infps are surprisingly resilient because they let themselves be vulnerable . and others see that vulnerability as a weakness , when in reality it's a strength . by opening ourselves to tough ... i get what you're saying but everything you've described could easily be an intp . like solired said , intps can be very sensitive inside , they just don't express it . true , but i still think she's an i as opposed to an e . although i do think someone spending more time alone to recharge is an indicator of introversion . not an indication , but an indicator . it's not ... i definitely see alex as an ixtx definitely i and not e . at one point i think she even gets really upset and complains because she can't find enough time alone ... and she does try to find time ... hahaha as an infp with an esfj in my life i relate to this way too much . i am notoriously hard to get to know and the esfj in my life seems to be going mad over it lol he tries so hard to get to know ... ha i can see this happening subconsciously because esfjs seem far ( far , far , far ) more aware of the external environment than a lot of other types . i never notice anything in my environment , even ... ahh , i've done the old sit alone in the bk parking lot routine many a time lol hahaha i relate to this post so much . i'm an infp and i have an esfj in my life .. sometimes he'll be talking and i will literally wonder how he hasn't had to stop for air yet lol i'm sure the ... h i want the 13 people who voted infp to explain that please lol really , i'm curious :D there's no way ... just no way . he's way more badass than us lol intp . hm , spoiler alert below but ... intp ... he's not a bad guy . he's misunderstood in a lot of ways that many intps are stereotypically misunderstood . to be fair , i read the first four ... bingo . i mean , i wouldn't always walk up to them and tell them what i don't like about them for the heck of it unless i really thought we should work something out . most of the time i just let ... i think piper is an infp and a pretty stereotypical one at that . i don't think she's an s at all . maybeee an enfp but that's stretching it . ha i'm infp and i relate to piper so much . haha when i first started working with this esfj woman and told my intp boyfriend about her he stared at me and told me to quit lolll i don't find her disturbing but i find her morally objectionable ... that makes a lot of sense and i'm glad you responded because knowing her i really do thing the issue will resurface at some point but i feel more confident in explaining my fi to her more next time ... i've definitely been mistyped by people as intj before :P it is the te ! i know a lot of infps come off as ts and i think that's a combination of them being fi ( so they don't share their feelings much ... wow ... that's more in an answer than i ever could have hoped for : o that makes so much sense . thanks so much for taking the time to explain all of that ! it makes sense that the traits i have ... i feel like procrastination is the bane of my existence . everything in my life hinges on my ability to wake up and conquer this never-ending challenge . i even procrastinate on things i want to do . i ... okay , i posted the same thing in the infp forum but i want your opinions as well :P so here's the thing ... i've studied the functions ( and i believe this is the best and really the only ... so here's the thing ... i've studied the functions ( and i believe this is the best and really the only accurate way to type yourself ) and i'm definitely infp . there's no way in heck that i'm fe ... you know that scene in mean girls when kayde is like word vomit--no - - - actual vomit ... yeah . seriously lol public speaking was my biggest fear . i ended up graduating college later than i should ... kind of boho i guess ... lot's of tshirts with maxi skirt , maxidresses , bohemian type jewelry , sunglasses , flip flops and stuff . that's when i feel most like myself . i do use makeup and do my hair . i ... it does matter to me actually and i'm not religious or anything . i would prefer them to have less . i guess for me personally i don't sleep with someone unless i really love them and if he's slept ... so this is what happened ... i wrote a reply on here when i was upset and angry at her for treating me this way and right after i posted it i felt really bad about it and it got me thinking that i ... ha , i think you're right . i know she would never purposefully say or do anything to hurt someone else ( whether that's because she likes to avoid conflict or because she genuinely doesn't want to hurt ... i agree with a lot of that . i think the esfjs i know aren't extremely close friends of mine so we do still have that ' not quite comfortable with the silence ' atmosphere :P i love when they fill the ... i think this is happening to me right now ! i keep hearing what a hard worker i am , that they want to give me a raise , that i'm so good at what i do ... the second they started saying these things they ... methinks you might not feel compatible with her but don't want to hurt her feelings by letting her know . if i were her and a friend told me that , as an f i would feel hurt if you said can we not ... wow , well i'm an infp so i kind of do the whole let's get together but end up being reclusive instead lol but everything else you said about isfps ... the gushing , the calling me their best ... based on my experience with very few esfjs : i find them easy to be around . doesn't everyone ? they're so friendly and they do put me at ease , which is hard to do . i find that we talk a lot ... this . all of this . '