' 2pac right ? ? ? rocket coffin , like packed with a warhead rocket , if im going out so are you thing . or rocket into the abysmal space rocket coffin ? but then you cant fuck shit up as a zombie lololol ill bring a glass of milk to your tomb here lies they named me neil a confused mess what will your tomb stone read ? mmm avocado , its the only time i get omega 3 . me and sea food are mortal enemy's . except sushi : confused : kinda wired yes , but the dragon roll is godly ( bbq eel yum ) . 36091 oh fun fact , ... whats your breakfast routine ? or non routine idc : ninja : <-- breakfast ninja mesa have toast , scrambled eggs , and black tea with a hint of milk and honey . mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm yes , but not as much as i drink tea . it makes me focus a lil more , depending on how much i drink . i like tea better because i don't half to add much to it , cant drink black coffee . idk about ... did anyone want to inquire their dissertation of how the cerebral cortex , more specifically frontal lobe emits dopamine , serotonin , and norepinephrine to neurotransmitters resulting in the ... double meanings ... in part im trying to draw attention to the fact that allot of people us google to answer these questions . thus the people asking might as well do it themselves , for certain ... no i thought about it i love tbbt , but this doesn't rilly enplane anything lol . i know almost nothing on the subject of quantum spacetime , and only a touch of string theory a couple years back but here's my take on ... michio kaku is one of the fields leading physicists , he has many books on the subject and puts it in laymen terms . i believe it'll be a good jump off point , i only scratched the surface of the ... what serch engine do you use when you answer peoples questions ? my current intrest is neuroscience's so if anyone can point me in a direction pleas do . im somewhat new to the science thing but will name some of what i know michio kaku - theoretical ... i have posted this in science / technology but statistically it'll reach a broader audience in this category . ( based off of how many threads & replies ) so i have recently developed a love for ... i half to help my friend clean his gurage yes i like fewer close friends better than many . for me i find the ones that can tolerate me lol , if they can do that then i know their a friend . not to say i'm anointing , but in large groups a bit ... yes i think that's the best approach , its just honesty and if they were to do the same their would be less misconceptions . however often fail to apply it ... if you don't like this you don't like music , oh and i dont care about that whole to each there own excuse mf doom - my favorite ladies have you ever had a phone call or text from someone under the pretence that your friends but you just didn't want to hang out with them ? what do you do , do you suck it up and chill , make excuse , or ... sheldon cooper yes of course cause you cant fly a kite without string lol tushay you rep intj well . dyslexia's a bitch , they even made it hard to spell . when at the age of 16 you watch sunny with a chance of meatballs then consider a career in science ( astrophysicist in particular ) you look up einstein finding a guy named michael kaku ( who ... quantum mechanics or string theory ? if you watch the big bang theory downloaded mtg on psn know what mtg stands for played risk online and beat it on your third try through a strategy you employed concurring the whole map ... when discovering your myers briggs personality type you are super skeptical and take it multiple times through multiple sources on different days . altering the answers ever so slightly because at ... good point , i agree it could very well be wheather inconsistancy . i remember reading an article from the 80 ' s regarding global cooling . so people will probaley reflect on this and laugh . you're what ... yay post 15 im now a noob 14 ... 13 her name is babygirl , i didn't name her ... 35253 dogy dogy dogy dogy dogy now apply the lydian scale in cb and sing to my dogy , she suffers from sleep apnea 35252 jello shots wooot 35251beeer 9 this is taking too much thought process jmsshocktopsjmhsd bullshit there what you've all been waiting for ... t .. anyone not get it ? ... i ... you dont even half to be full breasted , im a professional just sent me pics if you want ... h ... unless your a hot full breasted chick who digs color ... s ... that rainbow in no way dictates my sexual preference ... l ... i made the last one orange , if it looks red your color blind . seriously get yourself checked out .. l ... im watching bigthink between posts . u ... b ... look i quoted myself vbfsdgfdbgfzdnhyfdz nhvczmkyz no seriously your wasting your time jhgjhgdjhgdjhgdjhgdj this is about as good as there gonna get you might as well skip a page or two ... '