' takes too much energy to sugar coat something . realizing how very on time my punch in and punch out times are within 1-2 minutes of my alarm . important decisions are not easy to make for istjs . it's only been 2 months , and i know that you don't want to date casually , but i think we get tripped up because we easily want to cling to the old ... maybe it's disappointing ourselves and others . so both ourselves and others . this is your si and fi getting all tangled . i like to rely on body language to see if people may potentially ' like ' me . it isn't something i've proven to a science , but it feels more concrete ... what ? i didn't come to this forum to start fights with anyone . all i wanted to get was people's opinions . i'm saying if both people have made a firm decision that are polar extremes , it makes ... we haven't even started a conflict . it's just that i see that as a cause of conflict if i were to start a serious relationship with her . i plan things ahead of time , so this is just an issue for me ... i think that's the easy way out though . i can't imagine every relationship that is conflict free . what would be the ' right ' way ? funny thing , there's another isfp i talked to that didn't want children but wanted to adopt . too bad she hasn't replied back to me for some time . no conflict yet . here's what i'm thinking : ... yes , that's how we are . it's intense isn't it ? we like to focus on one thing at a time . you shouldn't feel like the bad guy in the situation . it's just we like to focus on people very intensely . ... the cure is to find another obsessive hobby : wink : he is reacting to your responses and that's why he doesn't respond confidently . the infj way is to go silent and that really kills our confidence in people ( actually i should say our trust in ... i guess maybe what i don't understand is there's tons of things in life that are responsibilities and can weigh us down : waking up to go to work , feeding ourselves , etc . life has it's ups and ... hey everyone ! so i met an isfp online and got to really liking her . meeting up with her almost twice a week for a month now . constant texts / messages at once a day . i know isfps love their ... it's almost as if you have to show them all your cards , and they just sit and watch you work your ass off for them , and finally they dismiss you and say you weren't trying at all . ugh , it reminds me ... i think one sure way that i know i'm an istj is that i will work tirelessly for something . i can easily work 12 + hours on something just to finish it . if you haven't found yourself consumed by ... all types i guess ? mine is esfj i think the infj way to scare people away is to not respond back to people . istjs are very consistent when replying back to people so as long as you still talk back and forth with him , then things ... originally posted by xxxsubzero ... just ask him like a tootsie pop . or maybe like a frozen steak , cold at first , them warm , then starts to stink . 1 . usually takes months to years to let someone in . but being older , i realize that this isn't very good so i've been adapting . biggest things are dependable people ( dependable in all aspects , ... 1 . not too important . unless you are a special person to me of course . 2 . gifts have to be perfect , otherwise i just hate them . i don't expect people to do things the way i would want . 3 ... 1 . yes , we only share things about ourselves with the people we trust . 2 . we normally take a long time to make a decision about relationships . 3 . very unlikely for istjs to try to date multiple ... that's wonderful to hear an isfp say that sharing is something like isfps want to do equally between the person they are talking with . do isfps do this for everyone ? or is it only out of politeness ... i'm getting mixed signals from this isfp . foremost , i told her i lied about being employed on the second date , but the next day told her the truth , knowing that i could very well lose everything . ... aww thanks . you can thank us in another thread : kitteh : you also need to answer the questions according to your younger self . as i grow older i realized i have become more flexible so that totally skews the results . if you still have some doubts , read ... is there anything else you need to understand our way of thinking ? and try to be specific in your question because it helps us a lot . we don't prioritize relationships as much because we don't feel we are very good at reading whether we are doing good or bad in that relationship . it's much much easier to do something like complete ... i just copy pasted this from another thread here . i hope it helps : kitteh : fi is a judging function where the individual makes decisions based on their own personal value system . the values are ... i've searched for some explanations that to me better explain fi . fi is a judging function where the individual makes decisions based on their own personal value system . the values are ... trying to touch her seems contrary to what you are saying about what an isfp wants . i hugged her on the second date and she was surprised ( or so i think ? ) , and she said , i don't know how to do ... thanks ! i do feel like she's in that testing mode to see if i would like to be her partner in crime , that companion of hers . so i think that things are going well . if you got any more juicy tips , ... : laughing : so i'm guessing this is where she mentions her rabbit being an asshole for not being close to her translates into saying she wants someone who is physically close to her ? someone who ... i don't know all of the exact details , but she does value loyalty as a requirement for friendship . outside of that , i do see a lot of the fi that she has , since i have it as well . here are her ... sorry to piggy back on this discussion , but i am loving the advice given to hisfavsundress . i'm an istj and found found an isfp who i really like . so what i'm reading from these posts is that the ... why don't you start small and practice on something . so spend some time making your bathroom very neat and tidy . every time you use something , put it back in its place , etc . just small things like ... like stone 100674 said , we base on decisions of experience . obviously it can be wrong since no one can know everything , but from our view it's the best we can anticipate based on what we know . there's so little information , but we do like perfect relationships , so we plan a lot in advance and try our very best to make these come true . this is the only way i can imagine breaking up with ... it's just a question of whether he uses si or fi . if you look up those it might help figure out which he is . from what you wrote it just seems like infp . i think you hit things pretty well . we do think about things that might make things difficult in the long run , so maybe things like distance , language barrier ? , things like that . if you do decide ... writing is sometimes better for introverts because they have time to think about what they'd like to say . why don't you ask him to try out an mbti test ? introverted feeling yes . i think either decision will work out just fine . slow is just fine . it's a slow process to learn about each other , but you shouldn't worry too much and just ask her if you have questions . ... this is totally different because one of them is the answer . we're good trolls because no one expects it : kitteh : if you both really are the same type you will run into a stalemate to who makes the first move . be yourself around him . if what is holding you back is whether or not he feels the same , it should be ... we all have emotions as istjs . but we hardly ever make decisions based on them . the feeling we most enjoy and try to maintain is calm , comfort , and safety . so if we let our emotions make our ... more difficult to answer . i agree with both of those nicknames . we do inspect things to learn about them , but duty fulfiller is harder to explain . it might be we want to maintain things ... '