' i guess i'm banned for eavesdropping sometimes a sandwich and granola bar in a real backpack . also , if there's room , an empty notebook ! :D infp : in my pockets : box cutter , headphones , keys ( sometimes mini writing pen and pocketknife on the keychain ) , wallet , phone . a loved one sharing facts with me and / or penetrating weak ideas i have . some things i simply don't care how i feel about them but other things can take a lot of talking and what if scenarios to get ... you summed up all my dating experiences haha . ugly . it's fun to make dandelion crowns though . first dates usually go well ... and that's about it . i don't click with many people and when i do , i mess things up :/ i'm not very mature yet . i know this feeling . sometimes i hate it when i don't click with someone . it's not that i hate them , i hate that we don't click . other times i may feel pressured or controlled by someone and hate ... i've always wanted to visit old places i've lived ! haha . i was asked by some cops if i was drunk while i was trying to enter the park restroom after hours . my friend had dropped me off so i could ... it seems as though everyone views this subject differently . i don't know how i view it . my parents got divorced and i can see how it may have seemed like a trap to my parents after a while . on the ... maybe after listening to nine inch nails just being aware of the beauty around me ... of course i define beauty possibly a bit odd . even a baby screaming can put me at peace ( in a cathartic way ) if i'm in the right mindset . i like old ... my father was diagnosed bipolar ... somebody close to me told me that i am too . i embrace mania but hate the other side of the coin . yep happened to me a couple of times ... the teacher called me the wrong name and then said well you guys look / act just the same ! - kvraudio.com - personalitycafe.com - answers.yahoo.com and the usuals : - google.com - youtube.com - facebook.com - gmail.com i found this idea very interesting and useful . makes me feel way more in control of my emotions , not just addictions that it refers to . maybe i could coin emotional surfing ... anyway , the idea is ... freetopia next week ... too lazy right now . i have two roommates who aspire to be alpha-male-minded and another who is more like me . i watch them secretly one-up each other all the time and they never seem satisfied . my other roommate and i ... i live in a fairly large city but don't mind driving . i hate driving for more than an hour though . when i drive , i turn on loud music and put on an extroverted mask , so-as not to fall into deep ... nice man , thanks ! makes me feel low . like males are inhuman compared to females ... how do you go about something new ? cautiously or jump right in ? do you talk with close friends a lot ? who is the leader when you're with a close friend ? maybe try this ... it's pretty black and ... yeah , i cram and it works out most of the time . i'd rather cram than plan ... i like your avatar . nice pixel art . what did you draw it in ? how can we better stick with something ? maybe : - adam young ( owl city ) - doug hopkins ( gin blossoms ) - joe hahn ( linkin park ) - trent reznor ( nin ) - john lennon - fiona apple i'm a drummer and it's a lot of fun just to jam with a good bassist . i like art , music and games . what can i say ? haha . this is from a new game that just came out : i think we dress alike . i like the tie dye shirt ! :D express your feelings . can be through art , poetry , talking ... but don't bottle up or become numb . go for a hike . exercise . play music . embrace the xsxx of life ! contemplating why ( generally ) cds can be ripped to the computer but not dvds . banned for banning someone so easily . sent from my ls670 using tapatalk 2 listening to my roommates talk about their future families lights in the sky great nin song . sent from my ls670 using tapatalk 2 mustafa , you seem to speak english very well but i think the cultures of many of the users here are very different from yours . maybe we can all try to speak more clearly , without using culturally ... i gossip too much sometimes . i'm working on it though . i love telling funny stories about me or anybody but most people don't like others talking about them ... hehe schizophrenic delusion : i woke , strapped to an operating table . as i frantically looked around , a person in a lab coat came up to me from the side . they leaned over and began to whisper into my ... things people don't want to argue about : - abortion - gay marriage - legalization of marijuana - religion - current president - current president being a puppet for a bigger organization ... banned for angry avatar ... edible money mods ! close this thread ! i win :D this makes me want to prove you wrong ! haha . okay so , lemme try ... [ / entering angry-insult mode ] choise , so you're a vip member ? do you even have a life ? did you pay to get that ... i lean toward the happy beat , sad lyrics type of songs : hey jealousy - gin blossoms wishing well - blink 182 we are all that we are - angels and airwaves this is normal for me ... in fact , i've sort of shut myself in right now . i don't care what people think , not that i'm trying to deprive them of me , but they'd be happier to see me once i'm happier ... when people made fun of me in highschool , i kept it inside and forgave them . i get more angry with circumstances and emotional states that i let myself be in . more than i get angry with others . i'm ready ! i'm ready ! i'm ready ! or you like linux os ? i have a roommate like this haha . i see that as more an esxx thing though ? sent from my ls670 using tapatalk 2 '