' ... when you really did not want to pry into someone's personal life but somehow still end up extensively taking about that persons relationship difficulties and the personality types involved . ... when you wait until the last moment to get started on a task ... when you are fanatic about tactics , strategy and military history ... when you can be brutal about other people i dunno whether it's the same , but i usually ' friendzone ' quite easily . and i'm so genuinely interested in what could be going on with a person and how that would affect him / her , that it may come ... and isn't that the thing ? as i understand it , mbti describes some core beliefs / preferences of persons that can be fundamentally different between people . and every person can and will make some use ... 21 masterfully punny tweets that will make you laugh out loud i know the feeling ! i would say that it's the fault of present society and that it sucks . however , then i start thinking about if it actually can be people's ' fault ' to be a certain way ... : rolleyes : ... he may be asking himself whether he actually did see your more subtle signals . and , of course , analyze all their potential meanings . i know i would . : tongue : and with stuff like this i would probably ... this probably is very true . i know i hurt my loved one with indecision for a very long time before i could make my mind up . i'm often an all or noticing person , and as i wasn't quite sure it was ... the other day , after half an hour of conversation with a relatively new person in my life : do you ever not think at all ? my thoughts : really , this question this quickly ? and no , i don't . i always ... honestly , i don't think i would want to . i have no problem with being the forward one , meaning the one who starts sharing . but if i get nothing in return i close up and not befriend someone like that . ... when you keep forgetting how much energy it takes you to teach a class well ... when in a difficult conversation with a ( probable ) istj , you get assaulted by emotion so much that it is difficult ... edit : whoops . i just posted a video in the wrong thread . my apologies . it is morning ... : confused : definitely ! almost all the time . i'm not sure , but i think most of the times i was truly engaged in the here and now i was on adrenaline . sometimes it feels like i'm constantly being dragged in by my ... yesterday again : you should just do things and not think so much about them ! ... when you suddenly realize that in a conversation you had with someone who probably is a thinker , he was having fun debating content , while you were feeling miserable because you could not get a ... ... when a professor trashes you scientific work , in hurts incredibly for days . but you are still looking for ways to normalize your personal relation with him , rather than seeking the debate over ... ... when in a good conversation with someone it seems as if all sensory information just isn't there , because you focus way to much on connecting with the person you're talking to , and on thinking ... ... when given too many tasks with short deadlines and high priority , you feel like you're being torn apart , are not able to focus well enough to do tasks well and end up working very inefficiently . i can relate to that . however , do you not think that caring too much about the bigger picture and / or the needs or wants of others can also be a problem ? i know for a fact that the ' i'll do what ... it does , thanks ! i will chew on this for a bit to what insight pops out of all this ... : wink : one thing i do now already though . legal sciences are much easier for me to visualize then psychology ! ... octavian actually , you don't sound blunt to me so much as interesting / intriguing . i definitely recognize a lot in your post ( and btw , i've gotten the book ; waiting for it now ) . maybe i have the ... octavian tnx for the links ! i'm probably getting the book . after reading the replies i'm not entirely sure my initial question was completely related to fe . how does one conceptualize a very strong ... thanks all for the reactions . i'm looking for a way to counteract this behaviour . sometimes with a lot of meditation i will know what i actually want , rather what i feel i ' should ' do for whatever ... nihm imagination is not stupid , but cool ! i bet the world would be a much nicer place if everyone would just use their imagination for positive purposes . : wink : now how hard can that be ? : wink : lately i've been noticing that my decisions are usually based on what i think others want or expect of me . i already knew that in general , but what i think to notice now is that when i have a dilemma ... crap . this morning i had the ' why are you staring at me ? ' again ? i wasn't . i was just thinking , staring into the distance . through a person that was standing between me and the distance . : tongue : gross ! ! : tongue : ... when you are really surprised and touched when someone with a background in psychology tells you she remembers you because you could so very clearly describe and analyze your identity , while you ... edit : why does it attach a thumbnail ? eurovision song contest ! : wink : aloneinmusic sometimes it's almost scary how much others follow the same weird brain patterns as i do ! : wink : aloneinmusic you know you are an infj when you think / worry a lot about what friendship is and whether you actually have friends ... : wink : i think i basically have the same definitions as you but use ... good observations ! as far as i'm concerned : 1 . yes , definitely quite possible . i usually hide my disliking other people , although people who may know me well will definitely see the difference ... larry and his flask ! ! aloneinmusic i know what you mean . it's just that my brain will almost never just stop at a short comment . usually it comes up with lots of connected interesting thoughts i then want to share with ... ... when after discovering mbti you try to find relations between every type of behavior and type , until you realize that won't get you anywhere because it is not that simple , at which point you are ... klaro 26 i can see exactly what is meant by this . i think it's so sad ! ! people ought to be able to speak about stuff like this to someone . on the other hand , not to everyone of course . with them , this ... 114306 today i was very happy when a colleague who hardly ever shows his feelings choose me to share his feelings with . he told me he knows i can separate between what he has told me of a specific ... lol ! i always just assumed everybody can do this if they were just to try , but maybe not . it does take some empathy . : wink : as to temperament , i think this explanation on youtube may help . if nothing else , i found it hilarious ( the image quality is bad , but the sound is good ): ... when your shaper ( belbin terminology ) friend and colleague challenges a personal decision made that you were excited about and just wanted to share with someone in , what is for her , a nice and ... lol , i feel the need to elaborate a bit on my initial question . it's not so much that i actively convince people to do a test , but more that i tell so enthusiastically about it that quite a few ... i've read quite a few posts on the forum that people are very enthusiastic about mbti and talk people into doing an mbti test . as i'm hugely enthusiastic , i'm certainly a case in point . so how many ... ... when you are flabbergasted when a colleague tell you he doesn't feel guilty over a work-related deadline because it is work-related and ' thus , nothing personal ' . to me ( almost ) everything is ... hi ubister , welcome to the forum ! i think there are quite a few dutch people like us on the forum . : wink : although i don't think i've found me all yet . anyway , enjoy ! '