' in my specific instance , my own emotions are , i believe , naturally more muted than some others . which is nice to have most of the time really . however , this becomes a drawback when i do experience a ... i tend to like people individually , or at least not hate them . the devil's advocate in me always tries to see things from their point of view , even if i don't like them all that much . i'm more likely ... i won't bore anyone with details , but compared to the average ' merican home life , i'd be confident in saying mine was a bit more ... is the term difficult more applicable , or would there be ... oh no , now no one will be able to anticipate my betrayal before it's too late . well , at least the kitchens are close by . well , based on the name mostly harmless and the sneaky ' i-know-something-you-don't ' avatar you have , i'm guessing slytherin . edit : thought too long , sorry yadids . you'll join her in slytherin ... 1 . eh , not really . i won't say i'm completely against the idea , but i want to live my life for a bit , and make sure i'm sufficiently settled before the idea even becomes an option . 2 . hm , they ... i've tired the kinsey scale a few times , and i've gotten f every time , so i put other . i don't really know what to label myself , and to be honest , i don't really care . if i end up with someone , well , ... hm , pretty much . i mean , if the stars align just right or if you manage to get him drunk or something , he might tell you , but that's about it . ah , well if he goes away after he's said goodnight , then he's usually using the alone time to get details straight in his head and figure out his own thoughts and feelings . if you do really think he ... one thing about many intp's is that , not only do we like being alone and all that rot , we are absolutely terrible when it comes to contacting people outside of a common area . we might want to ... i like places that look very ... homely i suppose . i like browns and dark greens for color , sometimes a dark purple , though decoration will be a bit haphazard . if i ever get the money to buy a set of ... red icicle on steam as well . usually play tf2 . wow , just opening that site brought back flashbacks of every conspiracy website i've ever seen . at least there seems to be story links , and not just a massive text wall of novel sized proportions ... huh , that actually sounds rather interesting . does he have any reason for believing this ? that's fair . and i do think it's interesting to see different beliefs in people , how they got to their conclusions and how it influences their world view . but in this particular case , she is the ... oh i do find it fun to go and think about ' what if this ' scenarios and that sort of thing . it's just the setting in which she brings these things up in . for example , i'll be going though the ... nah , monkeys are a type of primate . primate is the order , monkeys are a part of a suborder . ah , that does make sense . i should probably start checking the country tag when talking about politics with people . i admit i'm pretty envious of your situation . thankfully i do also live with an intj who humors me when i get into rants and supplies intelligent discussion , so i can talk about topics i couldn't ... i'm in the same boat with names . i'll usually remember what letter the name started with , but that's about it . must have something to do with the whole ' head in the clouds ' thing . ah , my bad . that is a common mistake made isn't it ? must be frustrating . anyways , i usually avoid the topic because she has an odd habit of looping conversations back around to previous topics ... ah , sorry i wasn't as clear as i should have been . to be more precise , i had originally brought up in conversation that it was a common theory that we don't produce our own vitamin c because , as a ... funny you should mention that , as that is one safe topic to use . though she does take them very seriously . nope , didn't edit the first one . though they are very close words , spelling wise . ... oh wow , sorry , i meant psychics . though now that i think about it , that is another topic . she highly doubts scientific integrity against the extremely corrupt government , so any scientific ... well , at the same time that she usually criticizes the american government system , she also holds the ideals of america in relatively high regard . i'm sure there's some miscommunication going on , but ... hm , actually i'm a bit the opposite . i kinda get annoyed whenever someone tries to reach me . it's horrible , and i do warm up after a bit of chatter and remembering why i like that particular friend , ... i live with who i believe to be a istj , and during conversations over the years i find that certain topics aren't conducive for group harmony . for example , in no particular order : - evolution ... i think teleporting onto the surface of the sun would be pretty neat . i'd be dead instantly , and i get to be a part of a massively reactive ball of life giving death . what's not to like ? i have one shinning example of shame that i experienced within the last year . at the time i was at an unhealthy mentality with piled on stress from various sources . it was at a small st . patrick's ... well , i know i was told a few times in the past that i had some sort of ... halo glow around me , but that's about it . i'm not quite sure what they meant , but i just sort of shrugged it off . i don't ... the foot tapper : the one who is waiting their turn , but with an obvious and exaggerated impatience . will occasionally stop and , while sighing , dramatically check their phones . if you're lucky , you ... hm , this is a topic with many levels to consider . i'll just talk about one part though ; are teens this generation dumber ? well , that depends on what you consider to be ' intelligent ' and ... dear lord tv tropes is the ultimate time waster . i can't quite tell if it ruined enjoying entertainment or made it better . we all like ranting to each other about some topic or another , and know that we're usually not angry even if we get passionate about whatever . it's a fun stress relief . hm , i think of someone looking back on their past , and regretting something . hm , i think i might have on tv awhile ago . seems to be a nice comparison . hm , i can only speak for myself , but i know i tend to gravitate toward rpgs and action / adventure games . all the better if there's puzzles . i have too many hours in the super smash bros . games , as ... well this thread was a train wreck . people who believe they are above all others . and people who will stubbornly believe something when there are several points against such a thing . or someone who tries to reject some theory for ... the ability to swap an object for a replica , identical down to even wear and tear . i really need to stop looking at youtube comments . i installed a plug-in that blocked them for a reason , but every now and then i look on someone's computer who doesn't have the plug-in and i get ... sounds like your under the affects of choice overload , when there's so many options for potential dates , especially with online dating , that you feel like you need to be overly choosey about who ... it seemed a bit ... boring . i usually like electronic music , but the recurring melody used just seemed to make me want to go to sleep . the back beat just seemed to aggravate me for some reason , and it ... hm , that does sound like something i could possibly be able to do without falling over myself . i do recall sometimes going into a ' rant mode ' and talking about something that recently caught my ... ah , but then who am i supposed to trust ? my own faulty lack of detection and general nonexistence of self-confidence ? or my much more relationship savvy cohort ? god , i would drag her around ... yeah , that's what i've been relying on too up to this point . subtlety when it comes to human interactions involving myself are usually completely foreign . but sometimes you're on your own and ... i love thinking about the universe . i find the enormity of everything outside our little blue bubble comforting . it gives perspective that helps when nothing else will , and stops the circling ... ah , i'm going to guess that this question has probably already been asked and answered somewhere in these + 300 pages , but it's late and i'm lazy , so , i'm asking here . i think this is in the right ... admirable hm , don't think that's for me to decide . it's a non-specific thing though , as people can be admired for many different reasons , not all of them positive even . so i suppose it would fit ... '