' i'm turning 19 in less than two months , and i don't have a job . i've been trying to get a job since last year by putting out resumes both online and in person , i've had four or five interviews , but ... i overheard some girl say she's the biggest joke , while looking at me over her shoulder and staring at me . what is that supposed to really even mean ?  i can't be ugly , i just cant anymore . it's not like ill create more crime ill just excaberate it by getting into the drug dealing business , and imho the fault lies with the people who take the drug , ... ground pokemon can for one i asked chuck norris what he thought about ugly people being worthless and he approves chuck norris > pikachu they'll try to convice me that being ugly is perfectly okay but it's not and will tell you bullshit lies like ... my life is worth throwing away if im ugly oh well at least i will be able to date and not have to worry about being called ugly everywhere i go it's also hella expensive which is why i'm considering it if need be no im that desperate if i get sent to prison so be it no im not trolling i am fucking sick of being ugly and i dont care about having morals i was planning on saving on welfare and living on a small amount of food , no cable as little as possible as a recluse and saving up , doing some side jobs or something occasionally , if i could i would ... it's always good to have a backup . the good lord gave us two kidneys , and he definitely knew what he was doing . what happens if your other kidney goes haywire ? yikes , that's what happens . given ... yes but i want to plan it all out now for when i do get the money + nose jobs cost $ 7000 ( i contacted my local plastic surgeon he said the procedure costs about $ 7000 and i might need 2 ) saying i don't know why to do about it , wouldn't make any sense why not you don't even need the second kidney anyway ? i'm asking if $ 100,000 is likely to turn an ugly girl into a prettyish girl artifical and pretty ( because she is gorgeous imho ) > the way i look now she's pretty though i don't know what to do about it .. like i don't want to work in the face of the public . i've considered selling my kidney on the black market ( us kidneys can cost up to $ 262000 ! ) ... this is about $ 100,000 worth ( which is the amount im aiming for ) vanilla chamu photos : japanese model has spent over $ 100k on plastic surgery to look like a french doll | mail online yeah but none of you probably look like an ugly man . i don't want to be sexy , i want to look something along the lines of this : ... my local surgeon can't give me all the surgery i want though do surgeons tell you other surgeries that might benefit you but you'd have to get from another surgery ? not trying to be rude but is there any scientific explanation that validates this ? inner feelings projecting on to other people ? i think i'm 649 but i'm not really sure . which tritypes are most likely ? god hasn't given me anything except rotten meat i'd settle for average no not if you don't outwardly express it or treat them differently because of it nope probably not i honestly dont think id even care that much about my looks if i were a 4 + out 10 at the very least myself yeah : sad : 17 how is it worthless ? when people started giving me funny looks on the street , whispering about how i must have a sparkling personality , calling me f * * king ugly .. my scale 1 - deformed looking .. really fat or really scrawny w / an ugly face to boot the type of people you look at and think what happened to them .. is there something wrong with them internally ? ... well the animes i watch aren't really like that . hetalia are chibis and the girls on naruto really aren't all that attractive . ( except for a select few ... ) i think real-life tv bothers me more than ... well i am actually ugly ( about a 2/10 ) and as a teenage girl that fate is probably 10x worse than any other age group . it's not even possible for a guy to like me i'm very under average not just not ... life should go fuck itself if i was meant to be born ugly i should have been born ugly from the bat instead of just turning ugly no . i just like to draw it and it makes really good profile pictures . i watch naruto , bleach and hetalia that's about it if you saw me in real life you wouldn't say i don't need it . yes i am more than prepared i shouldn't have been born ugly i wasn't ugly in elementary school . i was a little goofy and weird looking in grade 6/7 because of puberty but not ugly . the chances of me becoming attractive w / o plastic surgery are like 1000:1 ... i dont care if i have to live on a recluse and save up on welfare living on as little as possible im not staying this ugly or you never know i could be a lottery winner so don't say it's not ... yes i lost my best childhood friend ever because of my negativity and i honestly dont care well here's what i want done : hairline lowering because my forehead is too big i need my jaw shaved a bit and my cheek altered 1-2 nose jobs ( my nose is really bad .. it's big and has a bump on the ... michael jackson was a normal looking dude before all that plastic surgery but i'm actually ugly .. i honestly don't think i'll take it overboard .. no i'm doing it so i can experience all the things normal looking people get to . ( love , having fun , going out and doing things w / o having to worry about snide remarks 24/7 ) it really is my only way to achieve happiness . i'm actually almost hideous 0 . - . i'm not even slightly pretty or have any features that stand out nicely . i just look bleugh the type of ugly that if ... '