' 63915 i got my hair cut . :D some people say that i look like david duchovny now ... truth is out there . i was probably seen as a musician or the music geek . :P definitely not a loner , but not the social butterfly either . though i was told that whenever i laughed they would always recognize me even if ... i just want to be with that girl : 3 i love physical touch , but usually it makes other people uncomfortable , so i don't really get too touchy feely with others too often . if you like pvp , you should definitively try dota ( 2 ) . it's really the king of pvp games . :P learning curve is abysmal , but once you get the hang of it , it's awesome . also guild wars 2 beta is coming ... new hair ! :D just got back from cruise . was fun ^ ^ well it looks like there are many things wrong in what i do judging from the answers . :D i like lots of sweets , rarely switch my pillowcases , use hairspray / gel / stuff , but not always wash it off when ... this thread reminded me of this site . those people are just scum of the earth seriously ... go ahead and let your brain melt when reading . : x so yeah ... i'm kinda fed up with my skin . i don't have a huge acne , but i have a huge problem with my obsessive need to burst every pimple and blackhead i get and it makes my skin look quite ... i remember few years ago in school there was this rebellious kid tough guy or something like that in my class . i think we had somekind of test or something and everyone was supposed to be quiet , ... haha , i had almost the same hobby when i was a kid , except i collected batteries . :D yes . batteries . i had a huge box filled with batteries , but then some assholes came and threw them away . :'( ( i ... goddamn i love this song ... <3 heh , i remember one year ago when i thought about starting working out . i was about 52kg ( 115 pounds ) and i was a bit over 170 cm tall . i was pretty damn skinny and i was pretty self-conscious about ... at the moment i'm working as a mailer in a summer job , which is a tedious assembly line type of job , which involves stacking lots and lots and lots of newspaper . :D the pay is pretty good however ... ha . too familiar . :D i often make some ultra lame pun and then it justs cracks me up after i told it because it was so incredibly stupid . trolololo guess it's time to take some more photos after haircut and stuff . ( although that's just an excuse because it's already grown back to it's original length xd ) ... i just had to put it out here . xd hell yeah ! metal ! always been my favorite music genre although i listen a lot lighter stuff nowadays too . this song is just incredibly awesome . the ... yea i used to play it for about an year . it was pretty fun raiding with my friends , but eventually it got kinda boring and repetitive so we just quit . i miss the good old times when we all were ... for me : lack of social interactions and lack of freedom . when you want to be entertained or have fun , what urges come to mind ; what do you do ? i usually go hang out with my friends . getting drunk or playing video games . :D bigger parties are also ... i guess you could say that i believe in god , but i'm more like pantheist . i think the god is more like an impersonal creative / spiritual force that resides in everything in this universe . turned 18 today . : cool : woot looks pretty good imo . if i had to change something i would train all the abs on the same day . they are one muscle group as well and don't really need any special treatment . and also , i suggest ... tridentus pretty much nailed it . :D there's conscription in my country , so yes i have to go . - . - still got one year of freedom . pisses me off when i even think about it . gotta waste my life for 6 months or in the worst case scenario 1 ... i'm doing horrible . so , first i lose my ipod because it just somehow mysteriously vanished overnight . i tried searching for it over 3 hours , but i . just . couldn't . find . it . it pissed me off so much ... heyo , i was just wondering that are other enfp often late from everything , because i'm always late ! ! my teachers rage at me all the time and i never get good seats because i'm always late from the ... are you considered hot or beautiful or cute by others physical standards ? i have been called good looking and stylish and what else . so i guess . :D on a scale of 1-10 ( 10 being the best ) ... now this is art ... no , not the copy image . there should also be an option which says something about the url-address of the image . man it's so weird to try to explain when my computer is in different language . xd :D just right click the pic and click the copy the url address of the picture or something like that . ( not sure how it's written in english since my pc is in finnish . ) then paste the address ... let's just say my ingenuity is unparalleled and without bounds . ;D try uploading your photo to here first : imgur : the simple image sharer and then copy the link here . :) guess i'll contribute too . : tongue : my favorite song started playing in my ipod and i randomly started dancing on my way home from school . i received some odd looks before i realized to stop . :D i also singed at school on breaks as ... tried that , but it was just too hard to manage with those weird keybindings . :( i'm more into league of legends where the skills are qwer . well .. i don't wanna say bodybuilding because i'm nowhere near one , but i enjoy immensely working out at the gym . somehow it just feels so damn good . :D there's nothing better than eating a ton of ... i rarely get any zits on my face ... they all appear on my back ! and i have compulsive need to burst them . > _ > this means that my back looks pretty horrid , because it's full of scars from the zits and ... hellbent for leather how well do you know metal ? not bad . some of these questions were tough as hell , don't feel bad . you still did a hell of a job . you scored 76 % on metalpoints , higher than ... 1 . my legs 2 . cat :) 3 . random books 4 . pens and pencils 5 . computer , monitor , mouse etc . etc . man , i really don't know . maybe starcraft 2 or heroes of newerth at the moment ? and maybe civilization v when i get to test it out . :D just a quick rose i drew . :P well my budget was 700x80 . i managed to raise it a bit , but well i bought a desktop already . :) not the one i mentioned in this thread though . my friend recommended another pc for me and it looked ... ok thanks for replies . desktop it is then i guess . :D okay here we go : the laptop ( hp , pavilion dv7 - 4006 black cherry ): - 2 core amd athlon ii p320 cpu 2.1 ghz - 4 gb ddr 3 ( 2 x 2048 mb ) ddr 3 memory - ati mobility radeon hd 5650 with 1gb of ddr 3 ... so i'm thinking of buying a new computer and i'm thinking which one should i take . one with amd athlon ii p320 cpu and ati mobility radeon hd 5650 video card or one with amd athlon ii x2 cpu and ... epic . justin bieber . ' nuff said .  ... well maybe not , but honestly , i don't think i would want to kill anyone , because i don't really hate anyone that much and don't really feel like trying to ... 5 . i didn't really get along with him as a kid , because i felt that he was too strict and i was pretty wimpy anyway , but nowadays i think he is really cool guy . '