' i think i have an idea of what draws a majority of people here after sifting through various posts for points of view and finding a similar one in most of them ; i want to see if it is what i thought ... melancholy . the entire point of this thread is to stir debate as to your personal meaning of life . edit : to clarify , i'm not looking for pity or advice as to my own meaning of life , but curious to see what ... i'm sorry , but i missed the part where you explain what you find as the meaning of life , or lack-thereof . in the earliest times of my memory , i believed life to be a wondrous thing , with endless possibilities ... but as i grew older the more ugly side of these possibilities started to surface . with the ... i could host it on my dedicated server , but i have yet to get my personal server running , due to both my graphics card melting and ubuntu not playing nice with minecraft . if a suitable host ... i agree . the only thing is who would host , etc ... removed by user . om nom nom , eating mac n cheese at the time of posting . :) up , down , lies , truth , happiness , depression . * shrugs * a trend has been found . * cue zelda discovery tune . * ballroom dancing only for me . anything else makes me feel idiotic . ( a . k . a . i won't do it , unless convinced by a best friend . ) enough money to design and build a space station large enough to supply ~ 2,000 humans , and keep it free of control from any other countries . ( essentially the first space-born country . ) ( also enough ... xitha nhoj . i don't want to die . period . this thread makes me worry about humanity . or at least this portion of it . great thread , love it ! can has capslock ? i must protect ... the castle anthrax ! * cough cough * erm ... i mean this shrubbery ... from shrubbers who might try and copy the design ... * quietly weeps . * bob : oh no , it's snakes on a plane ! john : snakes on a plane ? that's ridicul - holy mother mary it's a snake on a plane ! bob : told you so ! john : how the hell did those things get on the ... in the distance , you hear rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb , rhubarb ... happy , sad , confused , and determined all in one ; all because of one little dream , that made my year . edit : you know what ? just listen to helen ... when i find a book , and ' know ' that it'll be good from reading the first chapter . ( good books merge you with a new reality , great ones replace it altogether . ) ;) the message you have entered is too short . please lengthen your message to at least 10 characters . so there aren't thousands of interesting topics to discuss , other than why life sucks ? free ? what's this thing you call free ? it sounds familiar ... like i knew it in a dream once ; a long time ago . and why is that ? 1 . i'm a procrastinator . 2-10 . i'll finish those later ... if this thread fails , then this thread fails . oh wait , tautology alert ... watch your fucking language , fucking assholes . no offence , but it seems to me that personality cafe seems to be lacking positivity ... * shrugs * message temporarily deleted . night owl , and mania helps to boost my hyper activity at night . a lot like me . ;P because it makes sense , unlike the thousands of religions . besides - i don't need to believe in a soul , afterlife , etc , because i already know that life and nature is beautiful without needing to ... i hate being sick , but not because i can't smell , but because i can't breathe . not being able to smell doesn't bother me much if at all . at most it's a nuisance to be missing one of my senses . so , what is your beliefs regarding the ' soul ' and such ? for me , i don't believe in a soul , nor after-life etc etc . no matter how much i wish it so , i know that it is a false hope meant to make ... cat ( s ) . ( i wouldn't mind having little animal buddies of any species though . ) ps : i have a cute medium-sized dog called shonie . there are certain smells associated with strong memories that will set me off - other than that i usually don't notice them . ( although woody & good food smells do attract my attention . ) message deleted . something from the heart . books are also a general guaranteed winner . in your house , hacking your wireless . mother is istj , and my father isn't around at all . ( except for a visit or two , every few years . ) i love you . 01101100011 01110110110 00101110 i don't tend to just mimic anyone in my company , but i absorb traits i admire , like a sponge . for me , music creates images , places , events etc , all based on the mood of the music . i love every genre , but only when my mood matches the mood of the music . the closest to a favorite genre i can ... how does music affect you ? what genres do you listen to ? and does your taste in music greatly vary depending on your mood ? ( sorry to be off topic , but reading this post , while listening to ' to dust ' by helen jane long , generates an epic ' the world is wrong , and we're here to fix it ' feeling . ) i would say something on ... i would . i'm awesome , and i would be moderately perfect for myself . : tongue : the only problem would be when it comes time to do something that we don't like . then it might be a tad bit of a ... quality time - 10 physical touch - 9 '