' yeah , that's what i was talking about .. it's annoying when people leave you hanging and you end wasting time and feeling anxiety waiting on them , when there's no reason they could make some small ... maybe they take their love of porn very seriously and do not wish for it to be mocked . so are you going to tell us the joke you made ? i often wish to leave my family , friends , everyone i know , country , culture and move to some remote distance place w / another language and completely different culture and start a life there ... repression is an unconscious process , so it's not something you can do intentionally or control what aspects you repress . suppression is conscious . thetraveller 7 you could look up how people cope ... it's a peeve of mine that i think it's super rude when people don't reply promptly . i always reply right away to stuff , even if it's someone i don't want to talk to or i haven't made some decision ... yeah it could be worth a try , but irl i'd be doubtful .. oh , yeah i didn't at all think fabi actually lost of camera . i think the word you might have meant was to say that it is a hypothetical question . i didn't think of it as an analogy or metaphor , ... well in that case , if you want some serious advice rather than those silly people who go overboard with health trends , i'd recommend watching this youtube channel ... i just went on a long rant in another thread about my views towards medication and healthcare ... i haven't read this book , but i'd recommend checking out books like this that talk about diet and biome and hormone balance ... i think diet , exercise , and meditation work wonders for health , not just as preventive but also against illnesses when you do start to get sick . if you pay attention to your body you can tell when ... i wouldn't recommend not taking medicine per se , because i'm not an expert to recommend any advice on anything like thyroid issues ... but i would say the vast majority of people don't realize the ... myself when it comes to healthcare ... i'm huge proponent of taking care of one's body and i believe one's mental / psychological states have a huge huge impact on a person's physical health that isn't ... geonerd my head is swirling with a million things to say on this topic ... when i am super fascinated by conspiracy theories ... i think examining what and why people believe conspiracy theories ... yes i took the question literally ... i don't understand how else you could take the question . as an analogy for what ? you can extrapolate our answers and how we'd deal w / this problem to other ... i wouldn't think something like tine eye would work unless the photo on the camera was already loaded onto the person's social media and made available to the public to access ... i don't think stuff ... lol your pic / signature / handle / whateveryoucallit was very appropriate for that post i wouldn't see any reason to be motivated to put effort into trying to return camera . people lose shit all the time . if it was at a place of business i'd leave it w / their lost and found so that way ... i'd be willing to guess there are some gay guys that are strictly dominant . but unless you're raping a straight guy in prison or such , or doing something bordering on rape , i'm guessing the guy ... .. but wait a minute ...  ... dreamuur you probably already knew that ...  ... and maybe the only reason you asked was as bate to catch an ent .. red magician you had said nfps usually have this thing about wanting to bring out the potential of others . to which haldir said guess what really pisses off ntps . go ahead , guess . i think ... pff xd no that's not true . there's nothing i desire more than to be around beautiful intelligent intellectual women . i think the same would be true of any entp male ... and any entp female is a ... better ? 716226 lol that made you sound even more narcissistic deluded than what you wrote previously my opinion is don't . i think the question you should be asking isn't how to control other people , but why you want to control other people ... it doesn't seem like a healthy desire to me . and as ... even when you're at line in the supermarket and you suddenly realize you've been staring at the cover of the sports illustrated swim suit edition for longer than you can say without blushing ? ... perhaps mbti is more complex than just 16 types and there are like there are 100s of subtypes .. in which case i think the two of us will still fall under the same sub-sub-type some rambling thoughts about sexuality that were sparked by this thread : as far as a person's orientation i think of gender as only being one aspect of sexuality and a rather superficial one . i ... was just about to write that i think entps probably aren't any more likely than any other type to be bi / gay / etc but are probably less likely to suppress such things ... then i was like ooo let me ... lol did you mean monogamy lol perhaps a freudian slip philosophaster i wouldn't say it's an entp thing ... since i'm confident i'm as entp as anyone .. and i very much am one for relationships . i don't like casual sex or open or unclear romantic ... awesome response ... haven't gotten through reading and watching it all yet . the thing is my complaint is that it doesn't make sense for the ricks in the citadel to act like jerrys . you ... also as far as the citadel not making sense to me , and other aspects of the show not making sense .. i think when it comes to any show / movie , it's important not to dwell on aspects of premise that are ... my complaint wasn't so much about logic ... it was was about literary quality . my complaint was that major core aspect of c - 137 ricks personality is his nonconformist , anti-authoritianism ... so it ... yeah that would make more sense .. i feel like it'd make sense if the ricks were always kinda hostile towards and untrusting of each other .. makes sense that there would be some easily natural ... yeah i didn't really find the episode funny either .. i feel like the intended joke / funniness was just lets show a bunch of alternative rick and mortys ... but the alternative ricks i just found ... perhaps c - 137 is the rickiest rick , but the other ricks don't seem at all rick like . i mean if we assume that all of the ricks are in the citadel all independently invented a portal gun , then all ... the issue i had was more a literary one ... the point i was making is that they should try to make the ricks from other dimensions have the same main underlying personality otherwise they won't feel ... i think maybe a good way of seeing difference between infp fi and entp fe may be in the initial assumption of how the other person will react before you get a reaction . probably both / anyone will ... i'm actually not at all against hierarchies and governments and organization and such . i think hierarchal structures are extremely important and beneficial . i also think a major difference between ... i dunno . i feel like i always want to write down or share my thoughts out loud w / others even if no ones interested . i feel like i get satisfaction just getting things out even if no one bothers to ... lol what ? watching a 1/2 hr tv show and taking 5 min to write down my thoughts about it qualifies as excessive boredom ? considering it is one of the only tv shows i watch , and most people i meet ... also it occurred to me during episode , that evil morty could easily be a rick inside a morty body , esp since they already showed brain swapping tech in first episode this season ... which allowed ... so i love the show rick and morty .. as i'm sure a lot of entps and others on here also do . i feel like rick is very entp ... and there are few aspects of his character that especially resonate ... yeah , but that doesnt give you a feel for it . there's something about thinkness of physical pages that gives you a sense of progress and accomplishment . it's like walking on a treadmill verses ... i also like having physical books because of the collecting aspect . i like having a physical inventory of what i've read as well as pile of physical books to be read . its easier for me to look ... i wonder which is better for the environment . paperback or ebook . resources paper , and transportation go into book , but energy charging reader uses resources . i think i remember looking it up and ... i enjoy reading physical books better myself . i think it's because the physical pages give you a better sense of progress through the book than ebooks . w / ebooks you never have a good sense of how ... nicely said . good work agent smith . '