' she likes you . ask her out . door slamming is a major pet peeve . i broke up with a gf because she would storm out of the room and slam the door . to me , it is a giant red flag with the word childish on it . 40 - something here . been here for 6 years or so . i was raised catholic , went to church every sunday . i started being skeptical of it all when i was pretty young . in an effort to recapture my fading belief , i started reading the bible in earnest at ... wow , thank goodness i have you to show me the light . i am so indebted to you for teaching me your absolute truth . see if you can edit that post and make it more self-important . i'm betting you ... wow , me too . i hate my jealousy sometimes . i like experience local food and art wherever i go . i have been on 4 continents and have enjoyed every place i've been . only one word is necessary ; embarrassment . your assumption that all americans are ignorant of other cultures and only care about our own country is sad . take your stereotypes elsewhere . no kidding . i neither said nor implied that . the world caters to extroverts . if articles about dealing with introverts annoy you , why not ignore them ? my opinion on social justice warriors ? it's a stupid phrase . funny , my emotion turns to rage , not sympathy . why did that table try to trip me ? they were elected , not chosen or hired based on gender , color or preference . you said hired . there's a difference . ok , just an old , straight , white guy then . the way we have always hired based on race , gender and preference . i agree , preferably a black , lesbian , transgender woman . let's really make the bigots ' heads explode . oh , they're everywhere . it's ok , we would need some enfp entertainment , i'm sure . how else would conversations ever get started ? how long can an enfp keep up the charade ? can we just go ahead and all move to that infp village that we discussed a few years ago ? religion ( all of them ) , xenophobia , nationalism , ignorance ( or apathy ) of epidemic mental health issues , chemicals in our water , food , and air . judas priest , 1986 . my first concert , and first contact high . i used get around that by buying shirts slightly larger at the neck . now i can't without going to the fat guy store . if i did that , the shirt would have to be tailored because it would look like a ... i'm 45 . i have been hiding my gender feelings and bisexuality my whole life . it sucks being this afraid of what people think of me . i don't mind wearing a suit , but i hate getting compliments when i do . it makes me feel like they are speaking to me like i am a little boy . plus , i would usually prefer to be wearing something a ... when i was a kid and realized mixing blue and pink ( society's designation for boy and girl ) paint made a pretty shade of purple , purple has been my favorite color . may have something to do with a not ... the whole discouraged ones album is like the worst day in your life , and so beautiful at the same time . it's like when you are so defeated you just want to melt into the ground . deadhouse , cold ways ... i agree here . he seems a little aloof onstage . i hear they don't really exist outside the internet . i don't think i have ever met one . is the fridge full of good beer ? i'm in . ghosts are not real . why does it not work for poor latchkey kids who never have a parent ( s ) around to give them boundaries , because the parent ( s ) was working all the time ? edit - to answer the question , affluenza is a ... right back at ya here . i feel that i need everyone around me to be in a good mood , so i can be in a good mood . we know that when others around us aren't happy , it rubs off on us . and we do enough to ... inp ^ 2 ( f + t )= that i am not the happy-go-lucky guy you think i am . that my jokes and self-deprecation are a pretty good mask for a lot of dark feelings . but you will never know , because i can't bring myself to ... i love it for one reason - time off of work . other than that , i could do without the yearly war on christmas crap we hear people whining about , and ridiculous lines in every damn store . 1 . your favorite type of music ; the metal . especially melodic death variety - usually of scandinavian origin . 2 . your favorite artist ; pshaw ! as if i could pick one ! 3 . your favorite ... usually , a huge crush , followed later by masturbation . did i just type that ? lunelibre , i can see that . ( sorry , post quote fail ) . i can see that . winner , winner , chicken dinner . what is it about their old stuff that is not appealing ? destroy erase improve is a amazing ! i am sick of the childishness in politics . so many spoiled people preserving their financial self-interests at the expense of the non-rich . i can relate to that child as well . i think the best thing to do is let him decide when to join the group , or when to talk . try not to be too pushy , let him be alone when he pulls away , but don't ... i would love to be considered adorable . : laughing : that last sentence is so true . and you are absolutely correct , my wife's j certainly helps the household run a little more smoothly . if i had an infp wife , we would be hoarders with 10 ... i totally love my infj wife , but every enfp i know makes me swoon . edit - another infp would probably be the ultimate for me . are infps the type most likely to prefer their own type ? i am totally the same way . and during the daytime we have all the wonderful clouds to admire ! at least sometimes . 1 . are you generally good at flirting ? absolutely not 2 . do you find it easy to tell when someone is flirting with you ? sometimes yes , sometimes not until their hand is in my pants 3 . how do ... hey let's consolidate ! holy shit that is funny . srsly though , sorry to hear about your kitty . '