' wow , thank for sharing . it looks like a magic ! ! ! haha . i also have a really problem with perfectionism , anxiety , and procrastination . i think those problems are related each other , of course . i am literally doing it now . my partner asks me to talk what happens with me , but i can't . i just don't want to talk with anyone . i feel my physical and personality ugly right now . i am sleepy . after having a week of holidays , it's hard to change to work mode again . i am living a boring life with anxious right now . they are kind for sure . first impression of them is the best . i always attract their kindness but after that my interest with them is less and less ... esfj uses internet for email and chatting ... i want to share my current favorite band ... banda neira indonesia :) i really love this song . it makes me smile ... and makes me having good feeling . hi , intp folks , so i just have a relationship with intp and so far he is the person that i am connected most . it's like a dream relationship . i have some questions for you . what the things that ... i want to disappear . what should i do . i don't want to be here . i don't want to do anything related with jobs . i want to leave everything and when i am home , the works are magically gone . i have the biggest trouble that i ever have right now . so , today i will accept myself as procrastinator . i always hate this kind of myself and it looks like it's hard for me to change . these 3 successive weeks , we had one day national holiday . so , the ... no , i don't like being naked because i don't like imagining there is some little bugs bit my skin . but i am taking away my bra every after i am in home . it's so comfortable . i need someone right now but i have no one . i am so sad right now ... crumbs thank you for sharing your story . it sounds like a serial drama for me . can you do any other way to explain the better way to your family about this ? i hope he will find a way to have a ... a never ending full glass water . my story : this is future science fiction . finally human being created a doraemon door , a door which can bring you to anywhere . transportation is gone a long time ... me too , i have varied musical tastes from easy listening , singer-songwriter , classical , folk , pop , swing , into alternative , blues , variety of rock , and jazz . however i just can't listen electronic ... interesting , i've been said in contrast . i am full of expression . and the one who lacks expression is my friend , isfp . hana and alice ( 2004 ) and i am in love with this movie . 8.5 / 10 sorry for posting again in close time . but . okay . so ... i forgot my share house's key ( i have duplicate for my room but not the house key ) . i can't enter the house . everyone is in outside . and it's ... so , i want to share my conversation with my istj sister . we watched infinity challenge , a variety show korea . this ep is about chasing game between criminal ( the members ) and detective ( they use real ... grave of fireflies ( studio ghibli ) : the life of civil kid war victim in japan devdas ( india ): it's kind of romeo and juliet , india version . taare zameen par ( india ): 8 - year-old boy who ... i saw the news that the famine in somalia is in dangerous state . i want to help them but i don't know how . because i heard that the help is hard to reach them because of bad people there ... ... it will be great if there is poll here .. this is my result : auditory : 35 % visual : 55 % tactile : 10 % this thread is awesome ! it makes me smile . my day has been so ... bad and . yeah . i feel afraid to make any mistakes right now . why ? ? ? :( what's wo wrong with me . i want to answers all ... i wish someone told me i love you directly to me or if it's hard , by letter or email . it will mean a lot for me . if they respect you , respect them . if they disrespect you , still respect them . do not allow the actions of others to decrease your good manners , because you represent yourself , not others . — ... i took the test twice and my results were same , it's slytherin . i didn't even want to go there ! ! but then i remember that my snape was also from this house , so , it's okay then . when you post something like this : damn , wrong thread . : sad : i was not being picked . i was just a kid who didn't popular and was quiet and teacher knew me as good kid . first impression : it looks like she is not infp . can you give me the link of her interview , videos or articles about her ? because i don't know her . i just discovered them yesterday and i am in love with them now . it seems that i really love folk music . you should be grateful that you are healthy and no need to go to doctor . 3-4 days ago i needed to go to doctor because i was sick . when i was sick , it was hurt enough to make me feel that i was ... oh no , my stalking has discovered . * suddenly remember the online user information below this thread * i am a very slow talking person and yes , i am paused sometimes to know that if i use the proper way to convey my thought and feeling , or when i need to remember the word that i want to say , or i just ... i am pretty sure he is infp , i already analyzed him . and he is fi user for sure , and i can't see fe in him . also , i am a ball of anxiety so it has nothing to do with infj . for many times , i cancelled buying hobonichi . it's too expensive even though it's lovely . :( i think j . k rowling is infj not infp . my list : western : - thom yorke - bjork japanese : - nounen rena okay , i thought it was the ideal date of my birthday . my ideal date is 31 december . it will be nice because i will always be younger than anyone who has born in the same year . :D my ideal ... you should be really really really grateful . because somewhere out there , before fup , the download speed goes only 40-100 kbps and after fup , it's 10-20 kbps . it's so damn slow . and it's also ... for me something like studio ghibli's movies . it's beautiful and look at the world as pessimistic glass but in the end , it offers hope for you . i am really scared with myself right now . i just stalked a stranger . i only needed 2 hours less to know his real name , his home town , his social media , his current job and past jobs , his arts , his ... no , it based on my experiences with those types . am i infp to you ? that's really cute . i don't know , i can't judge you because i don't know you , sorry . i think you should search and be honest with yourself . and finding your type is fun . i think infps that i know , all of them are sensitive . the world that i created by myself or the howl moving castle world , the one that howl created for sophie . i also want to try live in his house . i was so surprised . she is the second one that knows about mbti irl . the first one is intp . but we don't get along . i just don't have special chemistry that makes us become a friend . i don't know ... for enfj , you can find the one that has many friends and talkative and can motivate others . for enfp , you can find the one that looks fun with herself and become a social clown . for infj , you can ... hmm yes , infp is great . i am not great person though but i love answering question . how do you enjoy spending your time ? i enjoy spending my time alone in my room . my room is really important ... fantasizing about unicorn must be wrong information about infp . my fantasy : ( please don't laugh ) - the best volley ball player in my country . in six grade , i learnt how to play volley ball ... '