' root : under-active ( - 44 % ) sacral : under-active ( - 38 % ) the same thing is happening with me , too--when i hit the back button especially , and when i try to edit posts . yes , i have that freaky stare from introspecting too long ; i zone out and don't realize i do it . the thing is that people always seem to think it's about them--that by looking at them that way you ... congrats ! from what little time i've spent here , i've enjoyed reading about your journey and that of your infp . congrats ! i feel like everyone scores intj on tests . i got into this because several people i know on facebook posted that they'd taken an online test ... and got that result . they aren't really that common , ... estj . ok , so i have another question . i've been thinking about mbti in relation to asperger's again , specifically the cognitive functions as i learn about them . do you think it's possible that a person's ... no type , but my current favorite is twisted by stevie nicks--about how our passions are sometimes so great that they threaten to consume us . welcome , and thank you for all that you do ! i am new here too , but it seems like a fun place . i got 29/36 , which is considered average , but quite good for me , actually , considering that i'm on the autism spectrum . have you ever thought about how things appear from other people's point of view ? for example , in your particular case , what are your family's reservations about starting your own business ? eg , what ... thanks again . i've heard the functions described as perspectives in cognition--that some behaviors do come out of it as a side effect , but that they're just a lens through which we see the world . how ... isfp ? i don't know . thanks for your input ! out of curiosity , why istj ? is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , age , ... i was thinking today about how people say they hate small talk . it's not really about not liking , though ; that's just something people who aren't good at small talk say as a coping mechanism for ... oooh , how about this one ( from an esfj ): why don't you call up so-and-so and meet her for coffee ? or you need to make more friends . haha , some people will say anything to say something , and sometimes they sound so dumb . my mom and i went to see an obscure-ish play that's being performed in my city starting in september and ... i highly doubt that being clumsy is related to being a sensing or intuitive type . i'm an se type and i do this kind of stuff a lot . i walk into door frames , trip over a box in my office that's been ... i've found that the more people crow about good qualities they think they have , the more that it isn't true ! i suspect that i'm a victim of my own subjectivity here : 37 % infj 24 % infp 12 % intj 9 % enfj 7 % intp the best of everything , by rona jaffe congrats , brown 93 ! change in a person's character is slow and almost imperceptible , and although people look back and say this was the day that changed my life , they are never wholly right . the day you choose one ... dear whatever-type-you-are , please don't get offended when the 20 - something guys in the office do their frat bro thing ( eg , someone else yelling at male coworker , you're such a girl , dude ! and ... ahhh , i hate facebook . i keep saying i'll get off it for good , but i always go back . what is wrong with me ? ? ?  dear esfj , no , i do not need a boyfriend . i need air . i need food . i need shelter over my head . sure , a boyfriend would be nice . but i do not need a boyfriend in that sense . thanks , ... more like life roaching services instead . :) . 84636 not one for having my picture taken , generally , but here's the most recent . i'm the one in pink , obviously . welcome ! welcome , from another istp ! beware of robots . :) . i'm not sure i like the word aura , either , but i fancy that i'm decent at reading someone's body language ( se ) to get a sense of what's going on ( it's pretty selective , though ; maybe due to being sx ... signs / ways an istp cares about / is warming up / thinks of you as a friend ? what makes you consider someone a friend ? i'm pretty selective about it , but i usually only consider someone a friend if ... the thing about people who are yelling is that it's rarely about you or something you've done ; more , that it's their particular reaction to a certain situation . so i always figure that it'll blow ... that's where estp women have istp women beat ; istps in general suck at keeping up a social mask and it shows . that said , istp men are easier to spot than istp women . i only really type people i've ... er ... esfp . fe would be third and ni fourth ... in estps . inferior fe in istps has an all-or-nothing quality to it ( as with all inferior functions ) - - like it might be fully there but it controls us ( and it's ... doctor zhivago . i'm tied for physical touch and quality time . quality time , because i value people , especially romantic partners , who take the time to listen to me ; those are the types of people that i want to be ... i don't know much about the military , but it seems as though , if you're an officer , you'd be in charge of other people . something that istps aren't exactly known for--or really do well , especially ... you decide . as a type 9 in addition to being an istp , i swear , this would drive me to drink ... higher pain tolerance--maybe not related inferior fe ? but i'ma bit laissez-faire towards it ( in enneagram terms , i'm probably sp-last ) . currently have back pain from lifting boxes and although it ... there's definitely some merit to the idea ; as i've hit my 30s , i realize that ni makes itself felt a lot more in my cognition ( but i'm always aware of it ; like i can pinpoint it when it happens . ti ... congrats , teybo ! i've enjoyed reading your contributions to the forum . congrats , aquarian ! i actually have 3 different selves . online , in person , and the brain dump that goes into my journal and is probably a netters reflection of myself . in my journal i'm verbose ; in person and online i ... ... how else would a thread about fashion aimed at istps end up being 33 pages long ? best of luck to you ! to echo , i think it's important to be blunt about stuff ; istps are good at picking up on body language , but we'd rather have you come right out and say what you're thinking . so ... '