' winter's bone . i'm going to see the silver linings playbook for the second time right now . i'll start with listing all the live musicals that i've seen ( in order ) and bold my favorites . little shop of horrors cats ( twice ) the young frankenstein beauty and the beast peter pan ( play , ...   i went to disneyland after work today with my sister ( entj ) and my best friend ( enfj ) , despite not being in the mood to be around people and i was really tired . at first i said no , but then i gave ... a couple walked into my work ( a vet hospital ) with an oiled murre ( a sea bird ) and what got me was the monkey sitting on the lady's head . it was so random . it was entirely unrelated to why they were ... i'm feeling better than i did earlier . my day started off fine , it was just somewhere in the middle of the day that my mood went south , then back to being fine . i relaxed all morning which was ... currently watching imagine me & you . this is such a good film . people tell me that i look younger than i really am . i also had a few people tell me that they thought i was older because of how mature i am . the last movie that i watched was she's all that . it's a cheesy one but i love it . :p by reading the description , i looked it up and the movie is called the pride of jesse hallam . my mom is sick with a cold right now , so i ran around the house with alcohol wipes , wiping down all the door knobs and handles and anything else that we would all touch . the past two days , we've ... thank you for sharing the test . my score was 17 . i'm excited for the next few months . in march , i'll be in ireland for 1-2 weeks , staying with an irish family that i know . i'll be seeing girls aloud while i'm there . i get to see them for free , too ... i do make a lot of eye contact , but i make sure to look away as well because i feel weird doing it too long . if i'm upset , then i tend to not make much eye contact . i've heard some people say you welcome . i mean , really ? it's you're or you are . good grief . my best friend , an infj just recently turned into an enfj , now believes that it isn't right to be an introvert and seems to not understand it anymore . i feel like she no longer * gets * me . we're not ... i worded that weird . now she always needs to be around people , but she used to not be that way . it used to be hard to get her to go out and do something . now she's always up to doing whatever is ... my best friend ( hasn't felt like my bff lately though ) went from an infj to an enfj within 2 months . i mean , she's always been needy , but now she is more dependent on people . she always need to be ... - i wish people would use the term x93ufox94 properly . a ufo does not automatically mean x93alienx94 , it means an x93unidentified flying objectx 94 . if you identify a flying object in the sky to be an alien space ... well , i have mixed feelings . the positive : i'm going to ireland :) this is the first time that i'm going out of the country . i'm going in march ( haven't decided on dates yet ) and i will be seeing ... my week with marilyn . documentary : girls aloud - ten years at the top . here's mine : my tumblr of requirement once upon a time merlin the big bang theory absolutely fabulous homeland walking dead true blood new girl my best friend is also an infj . we're usually in sync with each other . i'm more calm , patient , and nicer . she's more anxious , hot headed , and blunt . we can sense how the other person is feeling or if ... ooh sounds interesting . i've been to a few haunted locations . i wouldn't mess with an ouija board though , it can cause more harm than good . that's just my own personal opinion . it annoys me whenever someone thinks that they shouldn't have to pay for any medical bills or anything on a free pet . an animal is still a living thing , whether you paid money for it or not . it still ... i've been watching eva green movies . she's my favorite actress . :) ( i've seen all of her films , except for one which is in french . ) i watched cracks yesterday and dark shadows today . in a little ... it's really not all that bad like some have mentioned . it's all based on opinions , anyway . i've grown up in orange county and i like it . - traffic sucks and good luck trying to find parking at ... i hate when people wait until later in the night , after they've had the whole day off doing nothing , to ask me to work all day for them for the following day . i'm already covering another day for ... i'm watching the big bang theory , episode the jiminy conjecture and there's a quote in it that i definitely agree with . howard wolowitz : what's the matter , you chicken ? sheldon cooper : i've ... once upon a time the big bang theory pretty little liars merlin absolutely fabulous grimm law and order : svu glee true blood misfits my friend has a fear of jell-o , jangelaphobia . cheryl cole has a fear of cotton balls haha . and goat cheese . ( she's in a british girl band called girls aloud . ) that's so sad :( i've never heard of those treats before , but i normally only feed my pets treats that i sell from my work ( i work at a vet hospital . ) foods that i can recommend are : hill's ... same , as well as : - my ability to handle people well in a working environment and having a good work ethic . - my humor . - some of my appearance ( my eyes , long eyelashes , hair , and nose . ) ravenclaw i prefer her live . moonpixie easy . :p eva green .  ... i love them all ! i'd say penny is my favorite . and leonard . and sheldon . that trio kills me . i struggle with opening up and expressing how i feel . i just don't like conflict and i want others to be happy , that i sometimes ignore my feelings . thank you . i actually live in costa mesa , but it's right next to newport . sleepy . i woke up a little bit ago . i need to get myself going though , i have to go to work this morning . yesterday was good . i had the day off and i basically did nothing but play animal ... my native language is english . i'm in the process of learning german . i'm interested in learning greek as well . i probably should try learning spanish .  the silver linings playbook . great movie . from this test : blue , sensitive tan , environmental tan edit : by what i've been told , i have a blue , pink , and white aura . i'm blue . 1 . blue 2 . green 3 . gold 4 . orange i'm irish american ( 3/4 irish , 3rd generation american ) . i have a little german , welsh , english , scottish , and czech ( or italian . my grandma said czech , my dad says italian . it could be both ... '