' i respect every mind . i just ask a question for a detailed answer . so , why we are here on earth ? and who create us ? by the way i'm not a christian . does life worth living if there is no god ? ! i can't deny that this world with its neat creation is made by non ! ! physical exercise , shopping , running , painting new portrait or landscape , meditation and writing novels . yeah , i think we are too rare , i think this percent differs from place to another . for example developed countries have more rationals and artists than developing countries . but i put myself in ... do you all infps find any infp friend or colleague or partner in real life ? how could you know them as infp ? i really can't find any infp in my real life . i hope i can find one because i think this ... this problem always happens . i found that most of people care of themselves . they are selfish , they make me a friend to get my help and companionship . when i became famous in my college two years ... detached ! not more than 2 weeks . yes i do . i think the hardest thing is to take a decision specially if it cause hurt to someone ! i think that a good relationship depend on morals and caring more than saying i love you ! . i can't find my soulmate till now . unfortunately , most of men i have met are too selfish and immoral ! i ... here is my last drawings using charcoal : 385322 grain i love it so much ^ ^ replay oh ! thank you ! : kitteh : i don't know caspar david friedrich but when i searched him on google i found too much beautiful paintings . i think i'm still beginner in painting with oil . though , thank you ... apple males i think it differs , as general i think infjs are good at psychology but some infps are good too . you may find some intps good at psychology too . it is not dependent on the major personality type , it ... sandy i'm afraid of love , because i can't express my emotions and feelings well . drawn brand dandy as an infp i depend on idealism more than reality in social interactions . i wanted my friends and my family to be my ideal world . i found that it is impossible to be , but for somewhat i found friends ... dance thank you very much : kitteh : :) clean there were something wrong . ok , can you see them now ? 368514 3685 22 368530 3685 38 i love to show all fellows some of my oil paintings . those were painted 1 year ago . 368466 3684 74 368482 3684 98 i like your work . you are so creative and talented ! i don't recommend reading on internet or on electronic screens , and i don't think chats or social media could be equivalent to books . i love books , but i'm now suffering of being time consumer , ... my inner world is composed of unlimited and infinite thoughts , dreams , fantasy , people ... i can't describe it with words ! i really don't know am i like my job or not ? but i don't feel acclimation with doing it . i'm a pharmacist but i find it boring job or it may need hard working on knowing pharmacology and chemistry at ... i'm listening now to the annoying sound of new surrounding constructing buildings ! obliged to finish a search paper well , my mother tongue is arabic .. ! : laughing : thank you very much ... :p roud : well . i'm an infp one but i think your problem was the biggest problem of me . until now i'm searching more in myself . i believe in meditation as the main way to understand anything . you need to ... i am the one who tries to create ideal thing of nothing . i am the one who makes others better and myself worse . i am the one who sees love in one look . i am the one who lives in her novels and ... the lion king tarazan mulan yes , i think most my thoughts and actions are controlled by honor and other morals i can't live without them all . i was interested in japanese folklore . now i'm very interested in ancient greek mythology . i'm trying nowadays to become less emotional . i found an interesting topic which makes one control feelings and emotions , and help in understanding self-esteem and others . you can read about ... most of time people misunderstand what i feel of , i thought that due to i'm not good in expressing my emotions . but i think if they want to quite understand me , they will . and time is not the factor ... my mind can't create an ideal world , cause each time i'm trying to find idealism in people i reach a point which interrupts everything i create . i can't imagine people can live in an ideal world on ... i was very sociable for the last 4years , that made me though i'm enfp not infp , i took the quiz and found first i'm enfp . i was too enthusiastic , inspirer person but i think i was wrong to understand ... 364114 hahaha , yeah that's incredible coincidence ! : laughing :: laughing : go on ! : wink : .. i hope you get pleased with this topic . i'll read about astrology too . : wink : thank you : kitteh : guardian 00angel wow taurus ! .. one of my close friends is taurus . i'm leo : laughing : , but i know little about astrology at all . i don't know is that truly based on scientific theory … ? it is wonderful ... 361794 3618 02 361810 3618 18 361826 '