' noo , very much the opposite . even the thought of my phone ringing makes me anxious . sometimes i even leave expected calls unanswered , there's a 90 % chance nobody will catch me by phone . i'd rather not cut her off since we did have some good times and we still have common friends . i guess i'll just stop trying to make it work and leave it in the background if she happens to want to ... actually i sort of thought she could be but we never talked about it . this common friend of ours thought she might be intp , who knows . at least ixxp as far as i could tell music and movies were ... i wonder if other isfps feel compelled to reply to threads with 0 replies , i didn't see any on the front page there's this girl i would like to be friends with but she keeps avoiding me we hit it off really well when we first talked , after a few conversations it felt like we had known for years suddenly ... whoever i happen to fall for . being a more organized judging or thinking type would be a plus in the long run . mostly pictures i find beautiful , heart-warming or cool . i don't like reblogging things , i prefer uploading pictures i found elsewhere . neither do i like writing how i feel , the pictures are my way ... how do you handle the idea that you will eventually die ? it's just natural , all people die and i'm no different . how have you dealt with loved ones dying , and what did you think and feel about ... as far as i know , the main difference is that isfps are more interested in what is real , present and material . infps are more in tune with ideas and thoughts , being more imaginative and ... i really liked the first one for some reason , even though i'm not usually into whatever mechanical / steampunk / robot thing that is :D i'm not sure if you'll like this , but here goes 8893688937 ... i never really liked roleplaying , i played mmorpgs for the hardcore content and player versus player . in singleplayers , i skip conversations and have fun with different spells and item builds . i ... i do open up , but only within a small group of my closest friends . if there's even one person that is a bit more distant , like a friend's friend , i get pretty tense and watch my words and actions ... did three of them 1 . sanguine 2 . with your 67 % you are : phlegmatic : laid-back , good-natured , easy to please . usually get along with everyone , not one to ' make waves ' . weaknesses : easy to become ... god damn i am so lonely . i wish i just had someone to talk to , but i get pissed off at all these acquaintances who just don't get me at all only now that i can't talk to them am i realizing how ... i often share music with people , mostly new stuff i have found though and not my absolute favorites . i always try to please the person by linking something they might like , instead of sharing ... root : under-active ( - 19 % ) sacral : open ( 6 % ) i was in a similar situation , but i was the one with a crush on an intj girl . apparently she liked me for the same reasons , being warm , lively and straightforward . sadly ( maybe , i'm not too sure ) she ... pretty much all the time , only if some intense feeling takes over i'd rather be in silence and just withdraw and think about things . i listen to music easily 8 hours a day i've made friends with all kinds of personalities , my three best friends being istj , intj and intj . the three infps i met were all too sensitive for me , i ended up cutting ties with all of them ... thank you , and i agree . it's a wonderful place , i always feel at home here when i feel alienated by other people . i only swear in a company that encourages it , usually while playing fast-paced multiplayer games on some voip program . when i'm typing people have asked if i ever swear at all , but i just don't use ... dress down . i know i could look more stylish or trendy but i prefer having something comfortable and recognizable , i guess i have my own casual style eating some food my grandma brought yesterday and listening to murmansk . 5/5 i can usually tell what my friends and family are thinking from their expressions , tones of voice and movements , probably because i've known them for so long . acquaintances too as long as i have ... uncertain i'm sad to hear about your father being abusive , i had a little similar problems with my mom a few years back . she had lots of work related stress and lost her father and ended up taking ... do you know your parents ' mbti types ? do you think you have inherited traits from them ? if so , what are they ? if you have any siblings , what kind of traits do they have in common with your parents ? ... videodrome and ravenous both were pretty good , videodrome was pretty unsettling though ravenous , the machinist , sympathy for mr vengeance i just noticed my sister forgot my favorite fragrance home when she left for exchange in a college in romania . of course i don't use it myself , but i only have good memories of it . it's such a ... you are a type 5 with a 4 wing : the iconoclast your trifix is 5w4 , 2w3 , 9w1 . some words that describe you : relaxed , peaceful , harmonious , generous , helpful , selfless , loving , intelligent , ... welcome aboard ! sounds very familiar , i'm also a huge fan of arts but also bad at all of them . i also doodle and mess around with a guitar , but i haven't really practiced either . don't worry about ... ... the wall texture looks weird after changing a lamp in your room . ... you miss the bus because you stopped to look at something pretty ( mist and morning dew on the grass for me ) ... you choose ... i wonder if my friend is istj , i wonder if you could recognize some of his hobbies as something you would like ? he used to be a boy scout / boy scout leader for 10 years . he always liked handicrafts ... same , but as far as i know , you can't really express anything without the mechanical skill and techniques required . just decide what it is , be it singing , dancing , drawing , composing music or ... when i'm out with my friends , i like sitting in a nice café or outdoors in a calm place enjoying whatever drink or snack we decided to have . we often go buy a soda / juice and some bun or something ... you are in a perpetual quest to find the new , the exciting . emotionally volatile , you are known for sudden changes of opinion , of appreciation , and behavior . following rules and established methods ... just use @ username 123 for example death - secret face what's on the outside is not always all that is real live by caution , what i feel when things are reversed people are shown for what they are the truth is revealed infp or intj are both interesting , i want to know what's going on inside their heads . maybe enfj too , everyone seems to like them and for a reason . 1 . genuine people . they don't even have to be nice , as long as they aren't trying to act as something they are not . 2 . logical or very imaginative people . i lack in these compartments , it's nice to ... i used to have that problem of building up anxiety and negative emotions until i either exploded or escaped the situation . lately it hasn't gotten that bad , because i'm more open about my feelings ... i knew at least two entps from high school , they were really outgoing and got along with everyone , even me though i tried to keep to myself . in class they always liked to discuss with the teachers ... fourtines that was a nice read even though i don't know you at all :D also , answered to the survey i'm fine with most people , i'll be wary around 1s , 3s and 8s though . i can relate to a lot of the things you said being an isfp . i think here are some of the differences that would make you lean towards isfp and not infp ( coming from my own experiences and having had ... it's pretty obvious to me whether people are intuitives or not . the not intuitives are harder to categorize , whether they are all sensors or something in between . some people seem to have negative ... i'm not really what sure happened , but i used to be infp for the longest time . i remember taking a mbti in psychology class 5 years ago and getting infp , around last christmas i got 50/50 sensing ... estj , infp , istj and intj . probably because my friends are those types . in real life i get best along with my istj friend , online with intj . '