' a sample of my handwriting from a class i took last year . i sort of just use letters that i think look better , so there is a variety of capitol , lower case , and cursive letters in my writing . while there are many explanations and descriptions of cognitive functions , i have yet to find one to my likings . fortunately , i don't mind researching and figuring out things , but i figured someone ... while we may not want to be followers , why should we be leaders ? can't we all just be who we are and stop trying to create a pecking order ? children are taught by how they are treated and what they see . no one wants a replica of you . please stop . i believe this is the only image of my eyes ( or eye ) that i have . generally my friends are 10-15 years older than myself . i cannot stand the majority of people my age . it i usually don't post or reply unless i have something new to add to the conversation . occasionally , i will post out of sheer boredom . currently , i have to post in order to unlock some features . really old thread , but found it intriguing . mother : infj father : istj myself : intj i feel like i get along quite well with both my mother and my father . we are all quite similar ... welcome ! i think anonymity is the best way to open up and express oneself . i'm sure you will get lots of support here . that is completely stereotypical . there are tons of intjs with messy rooms just as there are intps with clean rooms . i would suggest looking into the cognitive functions rather than mbti types . oh , and welcome ! hallo . looking forward to reading your future posts ! hello . i am also a female intj . when i first started getting into personality types , i constantly would go back and forth between intp and intj . ultimately i landed on intj , but i do believe that my ... i am a returning user from about three years back . now , off to brush up on all my understandings . 93022 extravert (8 9 % ) sensing ( 25 % ) feeling ( 75 % ) judging ( 1 % ) you have strong preference of extraversion over ... thanks , ccolesv 07 . i appreciate the feedback . i read up on the article mentioned ( cognitive function : ne vs ni ) and found it insightful . although i relate to some of the ne , i definitely feel that ... taken from : what's my type questionnaire . curious as to what others ' input will be . if you do respond with what type you think i am , please expand on your reasoning . here it goes : 0 . is ... hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello . you're very intriguing . i am looking forward to reading your posts in the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello , welcome . enjoy the forums . hello . i know quite a few intjs in real life . i really enjoy the personality type . i was referred to this site by a friend . i'm not sure what to type myself , all the tests seem to come with a different outcome ( usually between istj , istp , intj , and intp ) . i guess i could consider ... istj father . isfj mother . esfj step-mother . i was technically raised by my father and step-mother . i resented my step-mother due to her personality . i longed for my mother , and when i did get to ... why , yes , yes of course . i really shouldn't be allowed to type at certain times . my score was : quality time ( 11 ) words of affirmation ( 7 ) physical touch ( 5 ) acts of service ( 5 ) receiving gifts ( 2 ) overall , my score was correct . however , sometimes neither of the ... learn . now that you know what you are , explore it . it can be quite fascinating as well as helpful . if it were me , i would explore the world of cognitive functions and enneagram . it might take a while ... in reference to paintings and other drawings ... i like to work one at a time . it doesn't necessarily have to be all at once ( as much as i really want it to be ) , but can be spread between hours , ... like prplchknz said , it is mostly due to hormones . i know it seems like it isn't a phase , but it never does . i went through the same thing as a teenager and so have a lot of other people . i would ... update : since i have posted my test , i have gotten some information pointed out to me . i should be looking at cognitive functions rather than letter types . my tritype could be tricking me ... thanks for the links . i have actually read most of them already , but definitely plan to read the other ones thoroughly shortly . i understand that head types usually are all considered to be fear ... can't i just be indifferent ? welcome . :) i felt the same way posting on the intro forums , you'll get over it . how would you describe it , then ? i know you kind of described the difference , but not completely . i tried asking about the difference between a 5w6 and 6w5 before ( difference between 5w6 and 6w5 ? ) , ... interesting . i wouldn't say that my trauma would deem me untypeable , but rather alter my wing . i have never been much of a paranoid person , but lately i have been more cautious and fearful . i do ... i was wondering if traumatic stress could make it difficult to type correctly . particularly , take on some qualities of a 6 . the reason i am asking is because when looking at the wings of a 5 , i ... to clarify , i wasn't insisting that someone else could tell me the answer . i have never taken the tests as fact , but rather as a guideline . in those posts , i also stated that you shouldn't take the ... '