i'm the one knocked out on the mat 54965 i confess that right now i'm giving in slightly to depression long time ! any type that is understanding , intelligent , independent minded , genuine , and doesn't try to hurt them would be a good place to start .  this past winter ... bored :D flower 4 u ice cream puppies kids shit blowing up fast cars new discoveries brave people justice and more ice cream depeche mode ftw and some daft punk ( 4u )  sometimes my luck is good and sometimes not so good . all that matters is you learn , not repeat the same mistakes , and move on u can has sum of my cake nom nom nom nice set , dude ! i slayed it with the help of some vinegar and olive oil , and everything else needed to make a killer greek salad . killer ! < smiles and reveals the chewed up remains of his victims on his teef > ... i took on 3 guys on the train just a few months ago and i eat cilantro ! i think it's alright ... sometimes the cuteness gets to be a little too much and i find myself feeling ... repulsed . am i the only person here with a dark side ? come on , guys , tell ... some persian pop what do koalas taste like ?  happy b-day , bruu !  ... old film shot at night on university grounds some pretty reflected bokeh at night ... wow , efromm dude , a lot of those are reeeallly striking . the colours , compositions , the smudging effect of the water on long exposure and the forest environment are really quite ... no , with me there's always some adventure waiting around the corner starts slow ... pretty chill i hate having to explain how i'm right all the time . i just am , god damnit ! police tactical and bomb squad teamhttp :/ / farm4.static.flickr.com/3630/5737027971_13d9af2067_b.jpg cordoned off street section ... skillz ! ! nice eye , dude < tips hat >  think of all the time you could buy when some poor foe is trying to pronounce your name just before he tries to kill you and then your cavalry comes in the nick of time and chops his head off as he ... my real name is a ninja name a day without ice cream is a day not truly lived ze université de l'alberta hospital ... gravity . why do you hurt me so ? * rubs bum * i chased frogs , fireflies , birds , cars , fish , dogs , climbed mountains , and was pretty much just an explorer with a rabid curiosity about things . if it's something meaningful to me , then socializing is fun and i have an endless supply of energy it seems ( like a group activity that actually is beneficial such as a study group , hobby group , or ... sure . but constantly trying to improve . my name is dreamtheater and i'm a percoholic nah im kiddin < clicks refresh > aww raj how'd you know i lerved tabbies ? :P shout outs to my boy ertertwert all around cool dude :D dinner sissypoo mama goaty you're always so positive and hilarious . you're a great young man with a bright future :) and your name is goaty . raj uhhh , yeah , you're pretty amazing plushwitch your posts ... curiousity , love , positivity , mental and physical well being are what drive me ... from there , i feel like i can do anything it said porn on the title so i clicked ... needless to say , i am very disappointed this was fun to watch   i love this tree and so does this guy ... he parks under it every day how my mom and dog roll on sundays ... well , if it were me in your situation , i'd put on my detective hat and gum shoes and work harder to actually find out on my own . meh , there's people like that every where ... try to find other people ... one time at band camp ...