' i think if someone is saying people are talking negatively behind your back they may be trying to lower your self esteem or alienate you from the group . i think generally for me at least i give a ... when i'm interested in someone i will talk about random things about them that normal people just wouldn't remember or pick up on to show i am paying special attention to them . like their stuff on ... don't retaliate , he wants to make you look like the bad guy . ignore him and focus on the people that make you happy , cut him out of your life if you can . no i wouldn't say intj's are hard-asses in general , i think we're more the type to rage inside while being rational and patient externally with others , but once that patience runs out we can be ... ludovico einaudi - nuvole bianche yeah i think i've gone off point from the title a bit , i meant it to be a thread about perspectives and it became more focussed on depression . though i've known people say when they're depressed that ... i think when dealing with others it all comes down to respect and appreciation . i believe it's not about surviving but thriving and the art of fulfilment comes from growth and contribution beyond yourself , however i also find it ridiculously easy to detach from everything and ... i think about the message fight club sends a lot actually , how other people are trapped by money and possessions and are so busy playing in the system they don't actually realise / appreciate that ... i'm the same way in that i don't like being stuck in a system , i prefer to think about the result i want then take the necessary action to get there , having a more fluid system for efficiency . i'm ... it's probably more common in intj types to over analyse a conversation to reinforce a belief , especially when emotionally attached . i think if i cared about someone a lot i'd be running conversations ... there are videos on youtube that compare the two types in terms of observable behaviour , search intj v intp . i'd say the two main differences i've spotted is that an intp researches a topic ... i usually write myself a tasklist the night before that relate to a long range goal i have , other stuff like eating and cleaning i do when needed and when i have spare time around my tasks then i ... bit of a depressing thread but does anyone else not know what they want out of life ? like it's a game that can't really be won . i usually fixate on a particular problem and work at solving it while ... i have a similar problem with committing to relationships , when i become overwhelmed and stressed i can cut myself off and not think / care how this effects the other person , plus i'm paranoid as hell ... i tend to drift in and out , thinking about what's been said and then occasionally wandering off into tangents in my mind . if i'm not interested though and someone's talking at me i hate that ... go out to be a friend rather than to make friends , help people and listen to what they've got to say without judgement . game of thrones breaking bad prison break lost hannibal the walking dead i hated school because it made me get out of bed and back then i didn't appreciate knowledge for it's own sake which made it seem tedious . they do if they become isolationists as they know it repels people who don't take too kindly to manipulative people . i think i've filled my head with a lot of rubbish in my life that will probably serve no purpose but doing so has made me hungry for the more deep intellectual stuff out there , i'm bored of ... fear it may escalate and a negative and irrational decision will result then i remember i'm a mastermind and play them so they feel guilty and i get what i want . i sometimes pace around the room whispering my thoughts out loud , repeating past dialogues and running through conversations how i'd like to see them going in the future . i don't do this around ... i'm 27 , i think intelligence is something that can be cultivated or left to deteriorate over time . i'd rather be intelligent and have no money or friends than stupid to the point of constant boredom ... get him to take the mbti test . typology exists it's just how much scientific basis it has that's in doubt , i think there's something in it but i agree it's a flawed system and needs refining which is pretty much my view on every ... i often feel like i'm viewing myself from others perspectives , not sure if that counts but yes if i could step inside someone's mind and experience and learn who they really are inside my curiosity ... i don't think the mbti is about compartmentalizing , i think it's intended to help people achieve their potential by playing to their strengths and preferences while also developing their weaknesses , ... if it's just making stuff up i'll give people the benefit of the doubt then google it when i get home and if i find out they were fooling me i'd hold a grudge against them forever . in terms of ... i think some types are possibly more prone to certain mental disorders , or the behaviour traits of a type could be the same behavioural symptoms of a personality disorder . if you're a rarer type i ... i'm the same way when under stress or frustrated i can let my emotions influence my thinking and it can be hard to shake off , for example quitting my job because i was angry with the ... watchmen , equilibrium , the shawshank redemption , a beautiful mind , next , tron : legacy , another world i want to answer your question but after scrolling down i forgot what it was . i think it's definitely possible to survive with no personal connections , keeping a journal would probably help but in terms of happiness , fulfilment and success i think you need others . i think ... focus on getting better yourself and let her go , leave the door open in case she ever wants to reconnect is my advice . it sounds like she may have lost all respect for you , overcoming your issues and ... i think it's because ntj's can have a more moral standpoint as well , decisions have to be efficient and also the ' right ' ones i could be wrong but i think an ntj's moral framework can put limits on ... i think i over analyse behaviour a lot which leads to making connections between statements and actions that others probably don't make or if they do they might overlook them . like what might be ... tron : legacy i know using the mbti doesn't diagnose a personality disorder but do many of you who have tested intj also relate considerably to cluster a personality disorders : paranoid , schizoid or schizotypal ? favourite colours : dark blue , red least favourite : pink people used to say that to me , now i smile too much it just creeps them out . this is a question i often struggle with because sometimes i care a great deal it hurts and i don't want to , other times i wouldn't be phased if every person on the planet died today as they're going ... i was raised to celebrate traditions such as easter and christmas and still look forward to those occasions , i don't like to make too much of a fuss though but it's nice to have a change from the ... someone came up to me once and harshly said , i don't like you . it seemed pretty random but i just said back i like me . then carried about my work . that's how much i care . i have a hard time taking things on face value , i always look for something deeper , the truth , how and why things work and what's going to happen next . i think the most mysterious thing i've tried to ... at work i used to get moaned at a lot to talk more and smile genuinely . saying hi and bye to a group is really difficult for me as well , i just don't see the point . if people talk to me i respond ... my friend who suggested i take the mbti test told me he thought i was an intp then i got intj as my result . there are videos on youtube that explain the differences between types that might help you ... i think people mock to make their friends laugh most of the time there's really not much more thought goes into it than that i wouldn't say . also i completely relate to your attitude towards ... hey all , i'm a male intj and looking to make some new friends . i'll be honest before i understood what type of person i was i saw it as a curse , never wanted my own children in case they were like me , so yeah i saw it as an extremely bad thing to be and didn't ... '