' the person who said when people say you don't care but you really do , you just don't express it in the way they want you to is so true 40 % entp 15 % enfp 15 % intp 8 % estp 5 % entj hmmm interesting , especially the entj part lol oh and i also have type 4 enneagram , which may make it seem like i'm more in touch with feelings hmmm now you're making me think lol . when i take the cognitive function tests i'm extremely low in te and honestly hate everything it stands for when i read up about it ? my dad's girlfriend is ... type : entp degree : for now associate's in psych , and on to getting my bachelor's in psych and with a minor possibly in marketing or philosophy i want to either be a therapist or do something in ... thanks for the help guys ! entp it is lol why do you think enfp ? yeah not sure how i ever thought i was introverted lol here are some questions i answered and copied and pasted . i know it's a bitch to read , but don't blame me , blame the original poster :p ok , anywayy here it goes . my perceived types are either entp ... hm i'd say ifj ; not sure about s or n frustrated nothing ... does that mean no one likes me ? : sad : lol compliment i've received in the past was that i was funny and witty / entertaining introversion ( i ): 9 versus extroversion ( e ): 13 sensing ( s ): 6 versus intuition ( n ): 17 thinking ( t ): 12 versus feeling ( f ): 9 judging ( j ): 6 trice to trick doom lol type most likely to argue with everyone and then after , wonders why everyone is upset entp * guilty * : eek : estj type most likely to tell you what to do and how to do it by following the rules i dreamed that i won a contest to meet marilyn manson , but before i could get home and actually have a conversation with him he left . wanna meet him so bad lol a cheese quesadilla .. mexican food is my shit social anxiety , lack of motivation , and being impulsive did you meet this guy on here ? if not , how does everyone else know if he is attracted to you or not ? if it's an in person thing , they aren't there with you when you guys talk so who cares what they ... i have a higher pain tolerance for physical so i'd say mental is worse because it messes with you more . physical most of the time is quick and short lived , unless you have a severe health problem or ... nope , just you on here . if the same person keeps texting me long paragraphs i do though . i end up waiting a week before i respond again ... maybe not a week , but you get what i mean :P well i'd say i'm pretty annoying in general lol i seem to annoy sj's the most though . i think for me personally , it's annoying that i don't commit to many things , and the fact that i always seem to ... i know people get annoyed with me easily because of my tendency to argue . i've never been called a bitch , jokingly all the time yes , but not seriously . i definitely think i can be an ass sometimes ... i'd say nt's and nf's . i say this because i am one and i can conclude it's true : laughing : thinking about the work i should be doing but i'm looking up try not to laugh challenges on youtube : rolleyes : 1 ) when they are fake , or talk about meaningless shit ( gossip , oh look how nice the weather is today , etc ) 2 ) not at all 3 ) i'm not sure since a lot of people i get along with haven't taken the ... the facial feature thing is cool to think about , but i think it's a bunch of bs . anyone can be any one of these personality types , depending on their environment , style of learning , what their ... lol yes ! ! all intuition is , is another way of looking at things , a different perspective . i think the same about sensors , i wonder how it is to see the world through their way of processing and ... three days grace - one of my favorite bands of all time ( with the old lead singer ) when you alternate between wanting to talk to every human you come in contact with , and then wanting to ignore every human you come in contact with ... confusing : unsure : yes i'm the same exact way you are . it's almost like my mind and my body are 2 separate things at times . yesterday i was editing a youtube video for hours and got so immersed in this that i forgot to ... are you emotionally and physically ' close ' to your family , or are you a bit distant in your interactions with them ? nope and nope . my mother i cut all ties with for the most part , and the rest of my ... cashier ... * vomits * hmmm i'm not 100 % sure , but i think at times this happens to me . i would say i like the innocence of certain things because most of the world is the exact opposite . it can be very fucked up . when ... lol any type can be a jerk . someone being an asshole is determined by the individual , not really their type . but if you're looking for the stereotypical mbti asshole , then yes , a lot of people say ... i think everyone has a purpose - whether that be good or bad depends on their choices made . whether we like it or not , bad people need to be here just as much as good . so yes , all life is valuable one ... nope i agree with you actually . 1 on 1 is so much better communication-wise , you can really get to know someone so much better this way . big groups are better for events like if you were to go to a ... you need to realize if he doesn't want you , it isn't on you . you have a lot to offer and if you are offering that to someone and they don't take it , it's their loss . you'll find someone who ... enfp's fo sho ! my best friend is enfp and we just understand each other really well . never had that level of understanding with anyone else . i help her be more direct and she helps me be more caring ... i am entp and could see myself in your description , but at the same time i'm not a trump fan . i think he has good ideas about certain things , but i disagree with him the majority of the time . i was a ... isfj's and i tend to disagree on a lot , me being an entp . as an individual person however , i think they are great people deep down . they are very giving , always making sure everyone is ok and ... unfortunately he will not change unless he goes and gets help on his own ( but then he would have to realize he is at fault , which would be almost impossible for a narcissist to do , therefore it most ... stone temple pilots and a day to remember i'm still not 100 % sure but i know i'm definitely more confrontational than the enfps i know usually are . i also love debating , and it seems to annoy any feeling types because they take it personally ... omg without even reading the response you had i was going to say the same exact thing ! personality hacker is definitely the best one . 16 personalities is good to start off and get an idea of what ... 1 ) my entire childhood ... lmao ( up until 20 years old ) 2 ) the source of the dysfunction was primarily my mother who suffers from npd ( narcissistic personality disorder ) . tried to forget about it or ... isfj's strongly value commitment in all aspects of their lives - whether it be relationships , learning something new , their job ( s ) , etc . my isfj dad gets annoyed with me since i never commit to ... 1 ) what is your perceived mbti type ? how certain are you of this assertion ? initially i was typed as infp . as i got to know myself more and was able to answer the questions on the mbti tests more ... in my mind , constructive criticism is great when people do it correctly . it is all about how things are said . obviously if you tell someone you're so stupid or something they are going to get ... '