' eyesopen golden candle i'm the same way . i often pretend i don't remember or i leave out details so i don't freak people out . i see adults and remember them as children that used to shop ... nice work ! i have a very hard time smiling for a selfie or any other photo that is posed . at best i can smirk for ya when the pressure is on . i have a bit more weight to loose and i am going to get a tummy tuck . in my dream , the doctor made me a couple gifts with purchase from the loose skin . one was a stress ball type thing with a ... i make lists and lose them . i have a pile of a dozen or so lists that i've found on my table and i am going to redraft one complete to do list tomorrow . i put off mundane stuff like laundry and ... not sure what my dad's type is . he's really tough . definitely fi first or second functions . mom is infp 2w1 . i'm intj 2w1 . i have a weird feely connection with an isfj 6w7 . sex was fantastic ... i don't think i've felt love .. i've felt attraction and frustration when they aren't interested in me in the same way . i've done the homework ... it all looks good on paper . i am what their match.com ... i have spent my first monday of summer break planning some spontaneity for next week ! i'm terrified but can't wait ! i fell asleep watching a movie with my son . i dreamed i was telling him to go to bed , but he wasn't listening to me . he was mocking and laughing at me until i got pissed and actually yelled outloud ... watched sausage party last night . uh ... um ... heh ? my lack of punctuality . i am always just barely on time or slightly late . i irritate the shit out of myself . every . day . new guys is estp . he's pretty cool . he's either very easy going and smooth , and knows what to say to get what he wants . or he's honest and just happens to feel the same way i do . i hope ... fellow intjs ... you see someone making a bad choice .. do you tell them ? do you then follow up with the inevitable i told you so ! i bite my tongue a lot these days - with people and situations ... estp and truth vs . lying : in what situations do you lie ? do you sugar coat things ? or alter the truth just a bit to get what you want ? i procrastinate like crazy . i will avoid important tedious things ( like dishes , laundry etc ) for more fun things like shopping , texting , reading and posting here , etc all of which may be somewhat ... i like how everyone is coordinated but not the same . oohh labrynth . i've been looking for 80 ' s flicks to share with my kids . this is on . we watched the martian last night . i watched my intp son tear up for the first time in years . aww . if you like me , let me know . passive and wishy-washy are major wastes of my time . i like efficiency . efficiency and assertiveness are super sexy . for real . if you asked me and i wasn't ... so . my istp friend that kinda broke my heart . ( temporarily . i got the feels .. i am human , anyway ... ) i'm finding out a bit more about him now after the fact . puts up a good wall , but he is broken ... mismatched but coordinated . just like my furniture , dishes , jewelry , outfits ... who the fuck gets to dictate to me what goes together ? i love them too .. my kids as well . intp and ixfp . everything in my life is shades of neutral . with a little color here and there i'm pulling an all nighter to prepare for a very important meeting tomorrow and my mind keeps wandering to my favorite fwb's cock . sigh . i really like knowing people's motivations . i'm getting better at picking them up on my own with some people , especially those i know don't want me to ask ! some people irritate me over and over and ... reading interesting topics .. for me currently mbti , sex , polyamory ... this evolves conversation with people i like .. funny , deep , honest .. the energy between us has to be there . the more i know ... procrastination ! anyone else ? ? not sure but i love her music . my favorite .. always ! oh yeah guys are good too ... it's just that the thread is about the ladies . so i was commenting on that ! comment away . i wouldn't post on public forum if i was against others ' thoughts . i appreciate the perspective . especially other intjs because we're awesome . hell to the no . i wake up around 5 these days and it pisses me off . i refuse to get out of bed until i absolutely have to . i've only read the last page or so of this , but i can't help but realize that female intjs are amazing . we are the best ones . we all need to hang out and maybe even start our own community . only ... i don't always think to take photos either .. more so now that i'm on tinder and all that jazz . i did post one in the pics of intjs thread the other day . i was feeling brave . i haven't regretted it ... my job is interesting all on its own . the boring parts are the most ' important ' so i just do them . blah . i do like to procrastinate this stuff , and when i feel i have the time to do that i play ... your interview outfit sounds lovely . i have pretty simple taste with clothing as well .. i know what styles fit me well and will buy them in every color . i'm really into skinny jeans , vintage t's , ... i have recently made a friend ( with benefits ) and we are exploring the swinging world together . i've been dreaming a lot about that . found another couple who is younger and way hotter . out of my ... i guess i'm a bit more girly than many of you . i don't fit a lot of the stereotypes . i am lower maintanance than a lot of women , i think . but i do like pretty things . i like big earrings . and want ... pretty much feel like everyone's an asshole today . fuck em all . my boys both got weird around 10 .. this one is 11 . his brother got a bit more normal around 13-14 . i'm hoping i can figure him out here before then .. otherwise i fear i'm going to mess him all up . ... same here . i can get laid right now if i decide to . i'm slutty , but i'm not easy ! haha having the best chat with my 17 year old istp son . discussing his dad .. i'm giving him advice on how to appeal to his dad . it didn't go so well for me ( we're divorced ) but maybe there's hope for the ... i'm feeling spontaneous and brave and i'm not even drinking ... how old is she ? my 11 year old son might be infp . i'm not sure . he's an awful lot like his dad . i feel like i'm fumbling with him . my 17 year old , however , is intp . i have no worries about that ... my ex might be infp . i though isfp once .. i'm not sure . and he's the one person i don't care to pinpoint exactly . i feel bad about that . no i don't . 1 . wish i didn't have to work for $ . would like to do whatever i want ... all day . every day . 2 . dick . all day . every day . ( see # 1 ) no pregnancy , drama , diseases , or other vagina problems .. 3 ... but ... but ... if there is a problem , why on earth would someone not want to fix it ? i can totally give hugs . but i am better at fixing things while you hug the esfj has anything ever come of this ? i watched catching amy on netflix . i wanted to watch mallrats but it wasn't available . it was worse than i remember . i love jason lee but ben affleck is a massive tool . i am home sick .. with the flu i think . i've been sleeping like crazy but not terribly deep . i'm having lots of crazy dreams . the last one ... i ran into an aquaintance of mine at a garage sale . ... it's all about the money . i feel this way often too . and it reminds me of a conversation i had about a super bowl half-time show .. ( not gaga but i'm sure it applies here too ) . the background dancers ... there's this istp 5w4 who is completely under my skin . i got under his too . long story short , we both got the feels . i made him realize that maybe he does want something long term . he doesn't want ... '