i prefer being in the field where i can work independently . definitely anti-nihilist i quit many years ago and believe smoking should be outright banned due to its health hazard . even if you don't smoke , your still paying more for health care to cover those who do . here you go : introverted intuition ( ni ) - personality junkie your personality type determines your paycheck - yahoo finance i can pace if i'm under stress while thinking , otherwise i consider what i do while thinking or pondering to be more of a drifting . when necessary , i can take very detailed notes during meetings . by doing so , i find afterwards i have successfully documented those statements and questions posed by others better than they can ... am i missing something here ? last time i checked , intps had ne not ni and that was an auxiliary function . electrical engineering . i was married to one before i was able to make good my escape ! believe me when i say this , you don't want an esfp . himalayan cat . blonde and bitter . i work with a female intj and when she comes up with an absolutely evil idea , she has a grin that mimics that of the cheshire cat ! can't see clearly beyond about 3 feet , so glasses for work and contacts for the weekends . yup , me too . oh my god i read the whole thing and now my brain won't stop hurting ! i have to agree with delilah and fallen empire , he does not sound intj at all . in fact to me , he does not sound intuitive at all ... i think you just set the record for the longest single post on the intj forum . be short , blunt , and prepared to present your argument and advantages in logical fashion . i see , and that area would be ? now the intps i work with who write celestial navigation code , would have immediately come up with the number of prop planes vs . jets and provided an updated estimate for both . we're going to have to ... propellers prop job or jet ? - if you're ni dominant , then that answer is probably yes . congratulations vixen of evil ! : cool : why don't you think of some experiences you find fulfilling and spend the holiday enjoying one or more of them . relax and do what it takes to get back in touch with yourself . then you can work ... you would probably be surprised as to how many people really do care about you if you were to open up a little and look around . there you go ... introverted intuition ( ni ) - personality junkie between budget cutbacks and furloughs , i ’ ve had to reschedule for next fiscal year , so the summer looks good for now . pretty much any toy that required thought and encouraged creativity such as the mentioned lego , lincoln logs , tinker toys , erector sets , chemistry sets , microscopes , telescopes , and model trains . yes i can pick up on those feelings easily , but things get awkward if they look to me for help . enfp , entp , and intj ( the sensing types will eventually drive you nuts ) . infj relationships and dating | 16 personality types most of the time i test intj 5w4 . the remainder i test infj 4w5 . cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 12.7 ) unused introverted sensing ( si ) * * * ... i've put most of this behind me , but the dark chocolate is still a weakness . that was a very enlightening article , i really enjoyed reading it ! i've made similar observations myself . i know a few infjs who have taken comfort in food as a result of involvement in failed and / or unhappy relationships . i went through this myself until i was able ... mother is infj father is unknown . might be istj . when posed in that context , i would have to say both . it would depend on the current situation . correct , they are posted statements , not questions . i work with an intj woman 4 cubes down ( just passed the infj ... really ) . that was a very well written and informative article . i haven ’ t seen her in several years , but will when i go home next month . hopefully i will be able to determine that then . a female friend of mine is torn between being infp and infj , but has an urge to post daily philosophical statements . do you think that would be more indicative of an infj or infp ? side or back . i would have to go with infjs due to both being ni dominant . for least , i pick esfp . i should know , i was married to one and she drove me crazy ! back in high school i was in both the school's orchestra and dance band . although i have a beautiful gibson les paul and fender jazz bass , i have not had the time to open either case in years . i find that i click really well with and enjoy the company of infjs . fundamentally , they are not really so different from intjs and are really able to appreciate and understand what makes us tick . my ... yes , but they are far too sinister to reveal in advance . sounds like it's time for another paradigm shift .