' my initial thought is when he says i love you - is in what context is it being said ? nothing an istj ever says should be perceived as an attack - it is just straight talking . you can point out this method may be considered rude or impolite and an istj may be more tactful or use ... in that case i'm waiting : wink : well without answering your question the way you would desire . i speak only for myself , i like introverted people that are te dear xstj thanks for sacking me after 1 week's work . you are asking too much too fast too soon . you'll be on your 3rd applicant now out of the 3 interviews and you have a guy with more ... does that mean you can come across as not listening ( and comprehending ) to someone when you actually are ? political statements were over . now we have this . seeking those with experience to answer this question . and that's the reason i reckon my type may have changed ( from infp ) - i used to be able to imagine all that stuff in my youth . i have trouble even imagining a romantic situation these days . on ... i should have been clearer . initiate a conversation , not the conversation . : laughing : it was never my intent to hide them . it is just the way they came out . i knew my own wording would let me down . on there's a fine line between confidence and arrogance - which side do you fall on ? i meant your perception of others that you may consider arrogant or is ... definitely wish more would initiate , especially one on one or even two on one . any more is just intimidating . la-z-boy interesting admission of libertarianism / anarchism as far right . not the way i would have phrased far left and far right . those things would have been included in the spectrum though i could ... somewhat amused about the fight over a fictional character but i recently outlined my thoughts here . is there a type that tends to have the gift of the gab ? i guess you've already answered that with fe , so i'm inclined to either go with fe or just a social manipulator . i wont agree with everything you just said daisychain but i'll defend your right to say it . : tongue : i do agree with what daisychain has said specifically on topic about this relationship . it is ... i a mess maker but it is a functional mess . the links in my sig explain it better about the man cave or rather nerd cave . essentially the mess / messes are an ordered mess and each mess takes ... dear istj , if i'm honest , i have no idea . however , i took it exactly the same way you did sincerely another istj be a philosopher , but first be a man - hume agreed . his early discussion of intj sounds like me and i'm an istj . i certainly do not think i have been mistyped . i can really only add like all the others to keep trying . yes he feels betrayed - brought you up , put a roof over your head and you walked out on him . istjs in my experience seem quite ... when an istj says they have an inkling of an idea , that is like calling a hurricane a slight breeze . incompetence , or the appearance of incompetence especially when that person is paid for their role . all of the above and will where possible provide gifts that you claim you need , especially if they see the utility value of the item . it may be for you but istjs tend to prefer practical items ... dogs . i can put up with cats though . sadly i'm allergic or so i have learned in the last few years . one of these other many istj threads , says its not about spending a lot of time on the net - it is to our minds research . i think more often than not , it is . may research on how to renovate your ... poor i'm living in it . turn of the 20th century but with the mod cons and plenty of bookshelf space . i just keep adding bookshelves - even though they're not all full yet . that is more of a financial ... the effectiveness of time used is of import . the time consumed is of little import . the efficacy of the study / work depends on your own comprehension and completion of tasks . you're the only ... this . i'm relatively new but i tend to thank when the information provided either explains or confirms something . niss's post here also stops me from going to look for the post where he explains ... fwiw i changed my mind on all abortions are bad - though that was a number of years ago now . everything depends on its own specific context - there are no universal maxims per se . there's a fine line between confidence and arrogance - which side do you fall on ? are you perceiving it correctly ? have you considered other perceptions ? are you relying on how you're feeling or ... things not done the right way . things done the new right way without being shown the evidence for the case . a lack of information to process or the lack of explanation of a given structure ... istj articles i'm new here so take what i say with a grain of salt . you read ixtj to me . i lean to istj but that may be my bias that i want you to lean that way . closest i can go is say i worked in a nfp that dealt with grief , loss , homeless , mental illness and much more for over 4 years and when the situation is elaborated on clearly , i believe i can ... this is so much me . sorry really nothing to add . it was just nice to see confirmation of my processes . the logic isn't perfect here but technically the glass is always full i'll allow the assumption of sjs for sake of argument , this does not however mean i accept the argument as there have been good reasons previously explained of why we should not . it is likely the ... since i'm on the final page of this thread , at last i feel i can comment on this one . plain and simple context memory - it makes perfect sense . and since this is an introspective thread about myself i would like to say this sounds a lot like me too . it answers some of my queries in the vigorous discussion niss and i had when i ... this sounds like me . pardon the wording but even when there is order in the chaos , i only understand it once i've read / followed-up on the underlying processes that may things appear that way . once ... note i'm still adapting to the ti / ne / etc expressions . i thought it was gibberish at first but i understand it now . anyhow my thinking was driven by niss's posts like this : from the ... i'm definitely a troubleshooter . that's the best description for me . however reading this from niss makes me wonder i like economics and i'm good with the macro ( big picture ) and can make ... i speak for myself 1 . yes 2 . n / a 3 . i don't ( i don't believe i know how or if i do , i don't know that i am doing it ) no . ability and competence > appearance . only time i really take notice of shoes is to look to see if someone is naturally taller than me or wearing heels nah , you just need to broaden your definitions . science's existence is still rooted in philosophy . just one of many branches . : tongue : thank you both for all your help . i tend to rtm first then complain that its full of jargon when plain english would do : tongue : so you have little interest in convincing people of the merit of mbti and are more of the rtfm . thank you . it may have been i have caught you on a bad day / week and for that i apologise . my ... '