' jewl yes i was getting pretty frustrated , mostly with the fe and fi stereotypes . it's not the people's fault , it's the damn sites that give very general and shallow descriptions of the types . i completley didn't relate to the entire list , too bad i was hoping for some new enlightment , infj type 1w2 btw . it's funny to see how many are heading towards freelancer and specifically graphics design , i sincerly hope everyone can become independently stable but happy . it's funny but i just noticed that most people seem to think the fe function is like agreeableness from the big five test . i just want to copy and paste this post into every fe related thread , seriously this is explained so good , thank you for taking the time for writing this . it's like you said , when i try to put it into words it's pretty hard . i remember being asked the same question a couple of times , but saying what i value most through words just didn't quite ... if anything where i got lucky is with friends . i have two extreamly close friends in an era where most people don't even have one , apart from them i have another group of friends who i enjoy being ... your only role as a friend is to emotionally support her in my opinion . after going through one depression crisis and currently living through another i've learned that it's best to leave any kind of ... i am a freelancer , working on mostly graphics design , i'm learning coding and can work with music and lots of other stuff in all of those realms . i'm only 19 so i've got time to build myself from the ... i'm not sure myself , you see fe is not always that sacrificing is it might seem , it highly depends on the value system the fe created , ne-fi and the enfp is deffently more understanding towards ... marry : isfp bed : intp kiss : istp esfj , entp , enfj infj . i had a film i directed being a shown at this big fesitval and people clapped when the credits roled . i was wearing the most genuine smile i ever wore . so i'd say at least in my exprience ... a perfect leader is one that can be rational , stratigic and have high organization skills but also needs to be able to understand the group he's leading and balance his goals with the group goals ... they're both hurt when you clash with their value systems , and their value systems can be anything regardless of type , so there's really no absolute when it comes to which type is more sensitive than ... that was the most ne thing i read this year , thank you . i was going to write a big paragraphe about how you shouldn't compare functions like that , but * * * it . fe users are attractive because they don't make me go through a 20 year long journey in ... infj - struggle to sit down and be productive , then judging myself for it . - bored with most people ( luckily not all , have some really good friends ) . - hard to deal with imperfect systems such as ... when did you have your first relationship ( < 20 , 20-25 , 26-30 , > 30 ) ? never :( i'm 19 currently . what do you look for in a partner ? i'm only attracted to people that seem mysterious to me or ... i'm also dealing with a close infp friend stuck in a fi-si loop or at least stuck with mental / feelings problems . to be honest we clash quite a lot in terms of values and i think it's also why we're ... marry : infj bed : infp kiss : estj entj , esfp , enfp welcome my ni dominant brother , i hope you enjoy your stay . even if they knew my type is the infj , they'd still wouldn't understand me , and probably they wouldn't understand the type lol . i just shaved and it is deffently hot , i want ice cream and a board game . 713233 my enneagram type is : 1w2 , and i know my tritype is 146 ( can't remember wings ) . top 3 mbti types : 90 % infj 3 % infp 2 % intj he explains very asbtractly but i managed to understand a lot of things from him . even if he's infj i really feel like all of his videos are ne based because his videos are all over the place so it ... i'm happy to stumble upon this thread and reading these passages . i have no idea why any type should a hated type and i'm even more clueless as to why the infp is one of the most hated types ( can ... i haven't really understood the connection between mbti and enneagram , but my main type is : 1w2 and my tritype is : 1-4- 6 it's interesting for sure , but it was pretty tiring for me . infj : to be understood . you go into sleep paralysis , and from there it's pretty natrual , it took some time to develop the ability though and sleep paralysis is scary at first . father : enfj mother : enfj sister : exfp i've no complaints . i used to lucid dream a lot on purpose and i stopped because it was tiring me . now days i barley remember any dreams i have , which is a shame though because dreams really intrigue me . never been in love like lavendersnow although when i thought about how i will act i figured the most romantic thing in my eyes is cuddeling in bed , with two cups of tea with milk left on the side . i doubt it has much to do with j / p , i like almost any kind of humor . most people enjoy talking about themselves anyway , so if you text someone with an interest in them , if they're not in a shitty mood they'll most likely respond happily . in my eyes a real emotional connection starts when you can sit in silence with another person and it will feel natrual . if you want to get to know infjs the best way is probably through here , just pm some and they'll be happy to answer your questions ( including myself ) . wait is this literally a thread with 125 pages dedicated to understanding taylor swift ? infp / intj if he's an infj something really serious is happening in his life that's distracting him from this relationship , if not i highly doubt he's an infj . i literally cannot do these kind of things , even ... can you explain in what ways he helped change you for the good ? i'm interested , if you don't mind . yes exactly , while ne and ni both analzye in abstract ways that are mostly based around patterns , ne is a little more free and just likes to focus on everything which leads to i'd say : more ideas & ... i had to take a moment to comment on how stupidly good these drawings are , seriously this is amazing . i can only say i'm confident in ni and that's : what will happen ? best friend is enfp , two other really really close friends are infp and isfp . i absolutley love dark humor , really i like all kinds of humor . i mostly though use dark humor with people i feel more open with because it can sometimes hurt people who feel oppressed by the world ... well for starters , you can ask for help here :) other than that what helped me is exploding and expriencing things that are worse then what the bad response i might get is . i mean if you're ... '