' when your landlord comes over and paints the back door , and you realise that the peeling / flake patches on it are not from the sun as he thinks . . . but from you , standing out there with a book and ... think about how unspeakably horrible he or she is likely to be when / if these abstract impediments become real and the shit hits the fan . best i've got . all i would be able to say if i were in ... flash mobs make me teary . this one though . , it made me sad . ugh . historically , actually , infps tend to catch me off guard . they're like a false-cognate type for me - i think they're more like me than they are , and they think i'm more like them than i am . with ... friend : so this place where i work . . . me : yup ? friend : just sayin ' . somebody out there needs to go back to acronym school . me : okay . . . friend : posters all over the walls about this ... this is a very good point . i had forgotten how much i skid past things that feel a certain flavour of loaded to me . which , again . the producer , if you want to hang out with her , don't say ... i feel like i get dull and blinkered when i spend too much time being forced to think mostly linearly . if i'm not allowed to use my ni ( i assume that it's that ) and i have to follow the mental ... hah ! if he's asking you what you think only to pick an argument about it , then my advice is just go ahead and stab him . that ought to get his attention at least . it seems like a jerky kind of move ... i guess you're talking about being more able to rationalize then ? either that or you want ways to kind of damp down your opinions by undermining them with alternative perceptions . that second ... doesn't that mean that you lied , since you're in here [ behind her back , technically ] asking us to explain it instead ? this kind of diffuseness-and-indirection-as-policy drives me insane . ask the ... i don't have the same yardstick as you for what constitutes being ignored , but when it does happen according to mine . . . hell yes , it bothers me . it has a lot to do , for me , with the fact that i ... depends what you meant by fi defibulator . but if you meant what i think you meant then just don't . possibly i shouldn't be speaking for her , but as a general public-educational point : fi isn't a ... more random points . - i'd stop worrying about what he needs . he's a big kid who can talk about them his own self . or he should be . and i don't know many intjs who even like people solely for ... lot of things in here that seem to me like they're separate from one another . i'm not sure how they all gel together so i'll just go through my thoughts about each of them individually . - as ... oh my dear gleebus i'ts dusty in here . holy shit . i've noticed that people consistently disappoint me by backing away from a discussion or getting ' tired ' of it just when i feel like it's just getting itself underway . that's for talking about ... i disagree with this . mostly because imo neither of those things seems to me like an automatic sign of illhealth . it depends on the context and stimuli like most things do . to me it's not whether ... talk . i'm oldschool , but i won't take anyone seriously if they won't talk to me face to face . slightly endearing thing said by my enemy-of-society brother to mother , in the same circs : get that thing off my lap . yeah no , not as endearing as i used to think . my own kid said that is my ... well , tell you the truth , i dislike the kind of armchair quarterback who's always got something to say about what the other guy should have done , whether it matters or not . i guess tone counts ... i used to be such a pro at the stomach flu , except i don't remember any more how it works . eat / drink and just suck up the barfing ? or not . urrgh . wish i hadn't thought up that particular joke . ... i totally suck at linkedin . edit : no , strike that . it's linkedin that sucks at me . and : recruiters was how i found a cranny to wedge my way into the profession that i'm in now . ... ohmydearlord . oh holy groke . oh my crud . it's nice that you seem so eager to ' help ' . i suppose . but if this whole reference is to the intj behaviour pattern that i think it's a reference to , ... dear enfp , if you were wondering where that vague-but-unmistakeable teflon-shield thing came from , it's because you simply can't keep yourself from imparting advice . i don't intend ever to ... the pants or the intj ? doesn't matter . i don't like anyone ' wearing the pants ' so i don't have anything useful to add anyway . i don't . i get along with it in situations where patience isn't called for in the first place . you don't discuss people having the ' patience ' for the most obvious characteristics of a ... that's what i was thinking about . i have had two friends who ' participated ' in the death of a family member and talked to me about it afterwards , and it was a bit of an eye-opener . it hadn't ... i find bantering just for the sake of bantering exhausting . i also hate flirts , and i think it's a mistake to want to get to know ' an intj ' as if we were all interchangeable and you can just pick ... um er . . . so that's slightly sophistry , right : tongue : . of course everyone dies ' alone ' but not everyone dies without witnesses . i think it's quite likely i will , and i'm not sure how i feel ... this . and what said : nothing about this is ' normal ' . i see one of two things happening , ( but remember i might be wrong ) - if she's as popular as she seems to you then you could be ... i don't think this is your doing . you broke a social ' code ' that this girl seems to be trying to impose on the world - i . e . that she should get to behave any way that she wants , and nobody should ... mental weridscape . i normally make sure i'm there when they open the door , if i'm doing laundry . this long weekend i was much later than that . and not having any prior knowledge of what the ... i'm pretty sure i remember this story from when you were asking about it a few years ( ? ) ago . i would tell him . and then stand by and be prepared to support , if he trusts and likes you . just ... to me , if she said she was up for it and then didn't follow through , it probably means one of two things : she thought it was just an abstract theoretical kind of idea in the first place , and never ... so . . . for fairness ' sake i feel like i should pre-warn you i graduated from high school in 1983 so my idea of a ' relationship ' and yours might be totally different things . to me , it's not a ... sports and recreation : woman walks into a bar ambiverted cycling for right-footed people making perversity work for you : athletic guidelines for couch potatoes yoga as four-letter word ... ' society ' as a whole is actually a really huge space . there's space in it for pretty much everyone , so the ' norm ' is really just another one of the niches in it . i think it's more localized ... teacher ! teacher ! i know ! pick me ! because they're not important enough to spend brain-time on , is why . i was showing some of my buddies at work how sql works on friday . they're brand brand ... i agree about this , but with a caveat . he should be given the information as information only . simply in order for him to be able to make an informed choice about it . which should be entirely , ... groke dammit , post - 50 ' s brain fail . i know there's a song out there somewhere where the singer does this completely uncalled-for final-chords thing of ' don't need no ruth ! cause it's the truth ! ' . i ... memory of talon asura wickerdeer i'd like to ask for this thread to be promoted into the ' stickies ' section . or if not that , then at least added to the topics of interest list where bethdeth ... [ / color ] sure , you can be if you want . on the grand scale of things it's merely a social sin - and a pretty minor one , when you compare it with boiling babies and such . but on the other hand , being ... not sure if this is what you mean , but i know i often get startled by how quickly ' expressive ' people seem to get over feelings . i tend to take the expression at its face value , so if someone seems ... heh . like people thinking i wanted to run a home daycare just because i had a small kid of my own . or people thinking i know how to / want to organize social events just because i'm a woman . book ... that's a great point . i think i'd want to see something archaeological too . herculaneum ? one of the bog people ? or be able to know whether that really was richard the third that they found in ... all the way at the absolutely other end of the scale , i love the word ' knob ' just . so . much . i can't think of a time when it ever failed to make me completely happy . and a friend of mine once ... ' meretricious ' . that's one of my own favourites . ' detritus ' had a really good run :P i think it peaked when we decided it was the natural name for a neighbourhood cat that mr t hates , though . ... i am so going to inflict this word on mr t and my lifting club tomorrow . the word ' detritus ' has run its course there . it's time for a new one o / inb 4 mr squats , who is for sure going to ... i don't think i have 20 favourite artists . but any excuse to list ones i do . paul simon gets in there twice , #because paul simon , of course . 1 . mother glasgow - michael marra 2 . dreamer - ... '