' also an infj in knoxville , tn :) . at least now we know there's 2 of us ! this is a very valid perspective and it makes me feel like i should reexamine the whole situation to a degree . i think that graficcia was likely correct in mentioning anxiety . i do feel an odd degree ... he and i are both males , so the gender difference is irrelevant in this case . however , i totally agree that particularly fe looks quite different in males than it does in females . as for the ... for some of you that are really well-exposed to a bunch of different mbti types in their various incarnations - i would love your thoughts on this : i have known at least one ( usually more ) of each ... 1 . gratitude . ( personal ) setting goals and pushing yourself is amazing , but never forget to feel and express gratitude for what you have and toward those who are a positive force in your life . 2 ... it's like you're reading off my itunes playlist omg where's the other tori vote ? <3 . really though , i adore 2/3 of the artists on that list . they'd all tie for 2nd :) eh , if everybody else is brave enough then so am i . i just realized it's tough to find a pic where i'm not doing this weird smirk thing i always do . no longer trying to pull off the scruffy thing , ... it sucks because there's no real obvious proactive aspect to this - but it's been my experience that time is almost infallible in helping us heal . there are things that will always make your heart ... i think intuition in itself is a difficult process to fully grasp and explain even for those of us who rely on it . when i think of how i see ni + fe in myself - i'm tempted to say at their simplest ... i work on this every day . mostly because when i do become aware of something i'm feeling , i tend to dismiss it as not important and just keep chugging along . it's very strange how so many of us are ... this would be a strong contender . the lyrics show such an interesting example of ni + fe . she's using those functions to enable herself to understand the p . o . v . of the person she's singing to . fe ... i might misunderstand your concept here , but as i read it - i don't agree . compromise ( which isn't necessarily the same as providing the most comfort for the most people ) isn't nobody gets what ... im jealous that you're surrounded by all those infjs ! ! ! i don't know any others ... and my se is wretched . i can seem shamefully flaky as i walk into walls and trip over shit . i think it's not ... i'm not totally your focus group here ( i'm a male infj , but i've never typed as a t ) , but i do think i've been conditioned to be a little muted in emotional expression . i don't cry ever ... but often ... it's nuts how strongly i click with all this . it's fascinating ! what my best friend of many years has given me is an understanding that to have conflict or argue about something is not ... i love this whole post because i can so see that dynamic ... and i think it's a great example of why so many infjs gravitate to ntps ( i personally adore e / intps ) . your infj cousin probably trusts ... school guidance counselor . formerly a social worker , but changed careers before my career changed me . first off , thank you for that really great post . but what i bolded specifically resonates with me , because it so eloquently phrases why i'm so partial to xntps . it has been my experience that i also ... entps , but i play well with all the nts ( but an entj has to be really well balanced , or there could be casualties ) . for whatever reason , i like estps too - i just keep it casual and they're a lot ... omg , no no no . that's not typical behavior . i think that's not a type thing at all and there's no wonder you're a little unsettled - it's kinda creepy ! take care of you on this one and just wash ... i would have said the same when i was 20 . i wouldn't have seen it as desperate and clingy ( which it was ) , i would have seen it as honest . it's only in hindsight that i see how the behavior looked ... interesting insight ! i was going to say the description sounded pretty much like something that i would have done at 17 or 18 . i don't know enough about the enneagram , but i was very emotionally ... i wouldn't be surprised if they're just far more unlikely to believe in such things . first - you really do have to do what's best for your mental well-being . if you've talked with him and clearly set boundaries that he is refusing to accept , then to completely cut ties is sometimes ... the integration aspect is what i'd missed in the bit i'd read , so suddenly the spread in my results does make more sense . i felt i wasn't as observably quirky as type 4 is usually described ... claustrophobia ... or anytime i feel restrained or trapped somehow . so small closed spaces , but also having my head underwater or my hands held down , etc . i've personally never felt a click with the enneagram model . granted , i've never taken an official test ... only several different online versions and i always have the same results with different ... i vote yes to telekenisis , psychic empathy , and precognition ( which actually is the one that makes people say ' omg , you totally called that ! ... you think people would stop being so surprised ) . ... i think this is a good theme song for i'm now going to doorslam your ass . no idea what annie's mbti is , but i relate to her lyrics here quite strongly . ... entjs seem to me to have the thickest skin out of all 16 types . i've never seen an entj with hurt feelings act wounded . when they're upset , they go all angry dictator : i'm surrounded by morons ! do ... everyone is unique in their own way ... i'm not as inclined to get bored as long as i'm able to drift off into my own thoughts and daydreams . for myself , boredom comes from being forced to focus my ... i would need more before i said you are this but i'm * almost * tempted to say that some of the stuff you mentioned as your personal characteristics suggest entj to me . you seem confident that ... first ... welcome ! i'm still fairly new here but it's my experience that this is a very welcoming board . :) . i'm on my ipad which leads to more typos ( which will have me proofreading all afternoon ) , ... annnd this one : i have two personal theme songs : haunted by poe i really love anna nalick's in the rough . not my theme song , but she covers a lot of infj themes in her music . oops ... double posted this is tough for me to answer because i find such value in this forum from reading about how other infjs tick - so i always try to be as candid as possible when i answer questions like this because i ... i've not read the novel , so i'm going based on the play ... but for anyone familiar with wicked , what are your thoughts on elphaba ? thinking back now , i'm remembering her having many infj ... i'm no master mbti oracle but fwiw , your posts and writing style on here strike me as pretty infj . i'd say unless it just felt somehow off to you when you think about your type - that you're ... hate to bring this back from the dead but wow @ the oldest & only children that type infj . i am an only child as well , fwiw . i can read until my eyes hurt and i look up and realize i've got nothing done and my day is gone ( still a day well spent ) . where i'm different than most infj type descriptions i've read is that i ... this might have potential to be my favorite thread in the history of threadery . it delivers . i relate so strongly to this and love the way you phrased it . i'm fighting the urge to type out a much longer response about how soapboxy i can get about issues related to exclusion and us vs ... well , infjs do enjoy our closure . haha . i believe we're arguing two different points on this . but i don't mind agreeing to disagree about what should be expected of an infj . because again values ... i see your your point but this statement is itself based on values . i agree 100 % with being objective and seeing all sides of a situation . however , if one does not give merit to their own set of ... thank you for your kind words ! :) honestly , i think if you look at mbti type statistics you'll see that a huge majority of people fall into 4 types . when a large part of the population is quite similar to yourself , there probably ... i'd never heard of mbti until i volunteered to take it for extra credit in a college course , when i was typed as infj - my mouth fell open at how accurate the description was of the contents of my ... '