hey guys ! i'm back after a long break , i feel very healed , happy , and blessed , and i want to get back to bonding with my people :) i have noticed that i have quite a knack for starting projects , ... hello all infj's . i am an infp ! i just wanted to thank you . i have a strong respect for infj and the people that i love the most are all infj . i have 3 people that i go to for help , i go to them for ... hey guys ! guess who just got dumped ... again ! ! heres my story . me and my boyfriend have been together for 9 months . thats a long time for us 16 year olds . many of you may know my history , so for the ... love this ! ! ! its so cute and amazing how each of us has our own little spark to ignite our happiness ! you can find happiness in any situation ! blast a pump up song to jam to ! or sit in a tree all ... hello everyone ! ! you know how i love you (: but here i am again ! how have you all been ? i have been missing all of my beautiful ones ! as you know , im dealing with some stuff , but i get stronger ... hello everyone ! ! you know how i love you (: but here i am again ! how have you all been ? i have been missing all of my beautiful ones ! as you know , im dealing with some stuff , but i get stronger ... we all have choices to make whether it's choosing to move on and heal , or choosing happiness . this is something i learned the hard way . i realized that instead of trying to kill myself all the time ... for ur friend maybe look up godchild and really study it and try to find out why he dies this and what he needs even though he might not even know ! hmmm well as for it friend , keep reminding him of all the positives in his life , life will never give him anything morethan hebcan possible handle , so u know he is strong . also , everything happens ... sorry for tr typos ! ! in still getting used to typing on an ipod ! ! ! one thing i really love about us infp we are pretty amazing dontcha know . there's this freshman at my school that i was in cross country with and he talks to me quite a bit about his life and crap he ... youre very welcome ! i hope u liked it and thought it to be good enough to overview an infp ! ! this has also been submitted to a magazine and posted to my blog ! enjoy , fellow infps ! this ones for you (: (: the idealist stardust captured upon heavenx 92s leaves , makes morningx 92s moon shimmer in ... ank you senhorfrio ! it means a lot (: hanks that really helps (: i know i have people that can help me . but i dont know who is faking it and who is sincere .. ur best friend was stupid . ur much better without them . i just had a total ... well . as many of you know .. i have quite a lot going on in my life .. those who have been following the situation with my ex .. he told me ( and many of my friends behind my back also ! ! ) that he wished ... when things in my life really get to me , i totally withdraw from society . you probably havent seen me on the forum lately and thats why , and my friends are really sick of it . im already pretty ... there is so much in life to be thankful for . there are so many things in love , just the small things that make me smile . even there are so many things we can choose to be upset over and let ruin our ... finish this sentence : i love ... i love a clear summer night watching stars with the sound of the crickets and the feel of the fresh cut grass beneath me . i love a dark stormy sky , flashes of ... an infj and an entj . well idk i think i have a pretty good sense of humor , just cuz im going thru rough times , i still laugh dontcha know (: nothing forced , just my dry sense of humor , haha i dont know why you think i would be offended ! ? ! even if i dont always get results , i still believe that i am helping them , and this situation ... idk .. i just think about the goals .. begin with the end in mind . oh ha i guess i have to stop eating that nuclear waste . dang . hahah ! ! i know that this is probably really really hard to understand .. but i still really love my family . i resent them at the same time , but i still love them ... and i know that they need me ... and ... i am actually about to have an interview for the local nursing home . if that doesnt work , i have friends working at the local dairy queen and theyre looking for more people . thank you so much for ... so as many of you may know ... i am 15 and i have issues at home . my parents cut me off today from all money ... so i have to get a job to pay for my own like clothes , food , and anything else . these are beautiful lyrics ! ! are you sure you want me to use them when you know how u need the rest of these should unfold ? hey ! i am currently attempting to write a song for all of my fellow infp's ! i would love to hear your input about things to be included or how it should portay us ? ? i actually feel really bad for my family because whether they know it or not ... they need me in order to funtion ! so i do what i can to help them , and i try really hard . but i cant juggle ... well ill admit i used to be really insecure , but now im a heckkk of a lot stronger .. ive been doing the get out of the life so he misses me tho ! ill text him or something every once in a while and ... ive been told that my meds dont work , but i still take them as a fallback .. they told me that im able to think myself out of any situation ... so my mind let my depression take over . then my ... - - i think part of being an infp is depression / being seemingly depression . i always keep that in mind with myself fo sho .. also ... do you guys have problems following your own advice ? ? i do . i ... idk . my heart just decides to break itself . i know that i have depression and i know that i have anxiety disorder , ive been hospitalized for it , i take my meds that dont work and well ik u read my threads but would you say that i havent made ... am i going insane ? ! i am so pathetic ! just right now .. everything in my life .. all the mannny times that ive been done wrong in my life , the pain is just washing over me .. ii feel like all that ... thanks (: im actually really kinda confused tho .. idk how i was really able to forgive her actually .. for me i have troubles with forgiveness because my trusts are always broken .. and so are my ... my best friend is an enfj actually ! i set her up with my other best friend who is an enfp ... well theyve been happy together for 7 months actually ! i can understand that .. its still really easy to blame myself and feel unlovable .. haha people just change .. dont you hate how relationships can ruin friendships ? hmm .. i was just thinking .. one ... bahahaha ! ! oh man that is so aweosmee ! ! haha ! ! well you can call me that if you want to ! ! xd whatever floats ur boat haha lol ! ! and i atually do a lot of research presentations about just martial ... this is extremely hard ... happened to me twice in the same year ( actually the only times ive been in love ) they both just .. fell out of love with me ! im actually pretty good about getting in the right mindset before any of my competitions . you learn how to tune the crowd out actually , and when im out on the floor doing my thing , i only notice ... alrighty , this is me at my most recent tournament ... okay ... idk if this pic works hahah ! i am a third degree black belt in tae kwon do , and i compete quite a bit people dont really understand me and many tend to get angry about it too . but they feel that im trustworthy at least ... many people that i barely know tell me that they connect with me and tell me ... may i ask to those of you who arent like me .. if you dont base many of ur principles in life around love ( of any kind ... ) what do you base them off of ? ? ? you could secretly write her poetry without her knowing it , maybe show us online ur poetry ! and save it many years .. (: oh , hehe , sorry for the grammatical errors :P i dont really work on my grammar unless im in school ! thank you all for the advice . ive chosen to go independently actually , reading a book called i kissed dating goodbye , by joshua harris , id really recommened it to christians ! the whole scoop is ...