'  new blue steel photo hehe im actually pretty easy going . love ya greyscale of min avatar do u ever watch star wars and go yeah man , thats fuckin me ? taj badalandabad badalandabad xd badalandabad we need to get kingswood's i can see u in it my man ! is it still in japan ? thats right mang , u gota look out for those cougar cars hehe i am the patriarchy ! badalandabad  taj badalandabad look how red hot it is brah fuck me man , sh1ts on fire wicked lol love it epic clothing mix xd  taj ... no regrets is cognitive dissonance i cant help but think of a vl when i hear this xd lolololol we will go for a h00n one day hopefully mang ! learninz anova  crazy pic bro badalandabad both , if they respect one another and their territory's =D they may even roam together  your going to love the part around 1:30 haha i wish april =p love ya homie your the next richard branson ;) good man , keep up the hustle  :) merry xmas  your right do what you enjoy - evaluate whats most important to you . there is only one you ~ i always know she's hot and heated when i pull up this is me the other night at indoor skydiving - starting at 1:15 i love a set of warm lips , particularly on the opening part this style is a mix between minimalism and shine ... but , at the same time it goes with most clothing im going to take a chance and try it out ! ... do it man , its really good . oh wow , thats impressive . i'd like to see your watch . do you have a model number / pic ? the global triggering continues  the biggest sjw ' triggering ' in history has just occurred lol the resistance to politically correct culture is real . i'm ... its very easy to pick a shinny colorful watch , but , it takes practice to pick something simple that matches any outfit . btw , spot the velociraptor . ps taj ... omg man thats amazing news . non of this metro new-age comfortable sh1t . finally , a light jdm with turbz and a real manual ! ! ! so excited with you brother ! i love you . warweasel battlefield 1 is pretty good man . i picked it up and played a few games about a week ago . bad company 2 was my fav though . you ever play it ? i wanna design a line of minimalist watches hmmm i love it !  badalandabad xd but , still old enough to drink some faygo brilliant detective work man ! ! ! this is sum funny as $ sh1t hey thats pretty neat brother ! '