' lakigigar omg , i've been gone for a while , and this is the first thing i see when i log in : hug : scarab i dont know too much about swedens nature , so i miiight be wrong . i just kinda thought that they were the exact same , haha . yeah , moved from the countryside to the capital . so far , so good . i ... scarab whaaat ? a swede that hasn ’ t been to norway ? thats a first for me , haha . well its pretty similar to sweden , i guess . its very nice ! especially the small towns , nature-wise . i recently moved to ... haha ! i'm from norway , so we're good ! and about my avatar - no , unfortunately not . i cant draw at all . : rolling : lol , your username . : laughin : hm , it depends on who i'm hanging out with , but i've definitely had that mindset more than a couple of times . especially if i'm with people i dont know too well . water . :) winter or summer ? and why ? i dont know . maybe that when i start a project i'm really inspired , and i work hard on it - but after a little while i get super lazy , lol . mine always start out so nice , and then it just ... goes ... i used to do this a lot about a year ago . around the same time that i was also doing some mild for of sensimotor ocd ( never talked to anyone , never diagnosed , so dont take my word for it ) . i think ... adding some more random ones cos why the hell not . : kitten : 653850 6538 58 653866 6538 74 onetimeman hello ! great minds think alike . : smile : butterflyeffect i study different types of communication , in sales . i can relate . so dreamy , but i dont know what i should be doing , haha : smile : ... thank you all for your answers , and i really appreciate it . i wont reply to you / go on about this , because i've kinda realised that this was a pointless thread for me to make . i was a bit mad / sad ... i'm happy it worked , at least for a little while ? : smile : how is it going with the reading / night routine ? branchmonkey that's pretty interesting ! i might have to get that book . i'm still pretty new to all this . thai food in sit-down resturant . i like both foods equally , but i love restaurants . daytime vs nighttime ? i think you should read through the threads . see where you fit in the best . maybe take the test / tests a couple of times over a long period of time . there's definitely some things that i dont relate ... i seriously hope it works . not being able to sleep must be so exhausting . : love_heart : 651738 6517 46 651754 i dont know if we already have a thread like this , if so , damn it . 651714 6517 22 651730 hello intjs ! : love_heart : as much as i love you guys ; i have a few questions . a very good friend of mine , who is an intj , seems to have difficulty with admitting mistakes . i mean , i dont know if ... thanks for answering me erryyyone . i'm going to try to reply to you now : kitten : bigstupidgrin i think i was a bit tired and frustrated when i wrote this , cos my sleeping pattern isnt that bad . i ... hello , and thank you ! : love_heart : i'm veeery ambitious . i'm also quite shy , and a little bit lazy . i've always wanted to do a bunch of stuff , but not really working on it , which has made me a ... thank you so much ! that was rather easy . i mean ... i know i'm not unique for not being able to do this . but c'mon . i look at the time . alright , its still early , yay . 5 minutes later its already 3 am . i just need to blow off some steam , lol ... hello ! newbie over here that has a couple of questions . this might be super easy to find out , but i'd like to ask you guys in case there are different opinions , idk . i see people discussing fi , fe , ... i definitely use my face a lot when i feel comfortable - when i'm around people i dont know too well i probably seem bitchy / tired / unapproachable . i havent watched too many that i've remembered afterwards , but this is a classic i'll never forget . i have no idea if its considered good or not , but the feeling it gave me when i watched it for ... i think romantic stuff is cheesy as fuq , and i have no problem saying no to a date , so all infps are different . i see that she has already told you that she's not open for a relationship right now , ... lol , the infp doesnt fit me , but funny . i try to hide . i dont want attention . but then again , if i dont get atttention it sucks . i just cant decide man . depends on who i hang out with . my dialect sounds really manly if i swear a lot , lol . if i hang out with people from the same area as me , hell yes . if not , i try not to . i'm pretty new to all these different types , so i dont want to argue with anyone here . but i think i've seen kim kardashian talking about kanye being quiet and shy , and he absolutely adores his ... i got a tattoo about two years ago . i regret it so much . i dont want to be the annoying person telling you to think about it before you get a tattoo , but seriously . i'd make sure to have the idea in ... yeah , i think its good to read up on stuff , and not just rely on the one test . i'm kinda unsure sometimes as well . i think we can learn a lot from reading on this forum :D i'm happy you've found a ... lovely to meet you too . you wrote that youve been through some mistyping . what have you been mistyping as ? :) mippet hello mippet ! i love your hair : lovekitty : burning_daylight hi fellow infp ! and also fellow newbie : kitten : siren 92 hello fellow newbie ! : kitten : <-- i am definitely a cat person . i have no idea what i'm doing , so i can absolutely relate . cool that you've done both classical music and chemistry ... hello fellow newbie ! and also , fellow infp : kitten : haha , yeah . we're quite different , but still feel so similar :D i wasnt aware that you were such a rare type . that's pretty cool ! tanstaafl 28 either piano or guitar . havent really decided on what to go for yet ! :) trigo hi ! no , unfortunately not . i love it , though ! : smug : stasii hello ! nice to see more of us in here . i've spotted a few already : smug : i'm not sure . i definitely hide my true self if i'm not feeling comfortable , but i try to be as true to myself as i can . i'd really love to have a idgaf attitude , but i need to practice that a ... hello ! i just joined yesterday , so i'm pretty much a newborn . : redface-new : my bestfriend of about 8 years is a intj , so i have a good first impression of all intj's because of that , lol . la la land . : love_heart : i've gotten both gryffindor and hufflepuff , so i guess i'm a mix of those two depending on my mood . narcissistic hello ! : redface : hello fellow infp + newbie ! : kitten : hellooo ! ironic that i'm supposed to be this creative personality-type , but i cant manage come up with a proper title for this thread : hampster : so , i figured doing this little introduction might ... '