' favorites : 1 ) indie / folk - peaceful side of me 2 ) rock - lively side 3 ) metal - love some nice hardcore drums / guitar / screamo 4 ) rap / hip hop - ghetto side of me 5 ) dance / electronica - ... ix92m going to try to keep this short ( failed haha ) because youx 92ve already got a lot of advice . when i was 12 i felt like i was going to die at any time because i was so close to committing suicide ... just practicing for halloween ! i'm going as morticia from the addams family and my ... my first love , an infp , betrayed me in that he fell out of love with me then humiliated me and went onto emotionally cheating on me all within a period of a month . ever since then my fear of ... mendi the isfj - i completely agree with this advice ! i have abandonment issues as well but because i know the value of my life , my dreams , and those i love , i wouldn't dare harm myself even if it ... i wish i had more of a distanced love but instead i'm cursed with wanting a life-long commitment rather than a casual relationship . the problem is even if i'm ready for something so serious , most ... i'm really sorry to hear such sad college stories from you guys :( every college has a party scene . every weekend there are parties , alcohol , drugs , etc and it was really disappointing seeing ... i'm better at puns , cheesy jokes , and sarcastic comments . racist jokes sometimes too :D not good at telling funny stories or funny things i've heard other ppl say . my memorization skills are ... i find that the smart infps can easily see the big picture , are naturally smart , or have a well developed t . yup i would ask what did you do today ? and he would more often than not say ... yeah ! i randomly have urges to meow ... not any other sound really . i also have strange accents like stitch from lilo & stitch and apparently i can sound exactly like this sesame street character who ... i like to meow like a cat especially in situations of stress . once in the cafeteria i turned and almost bumped into someone and out came a meow ! awkward ... when i was in new orleans rebuilding a ... and texting ! but yes i agree with this . i think for the most part infps can handle themselves well in social situations - they know how to win your heart by saying sweet but honest things . i've ... my first love / boyfriend was an infp male who i met at a high school robotics competition . who knew you could meet infps at those things right ? hah ! he was very easy going and relaxed but secretly ... what good are actions if you have no dream to follow ? we envision the dream while others make it happen . that's why we exist and that's why they exist . everyone plays a crucial role in humanity ... i've never tried drugs or even taken a sip of alcohol . it's tempting at times because everyone does it and it's so easy to just try ... but i value life way too much and knowing how easy i get ... when i was a pre-teen i was abused all the time for the little arguments i had with my sister . to get back at my parents , i skipped school ~ 60 times over 3 years and stayed at home all day long . i've ... i happen to fall under the quick learners part . i can easily extrapolate material from different subjects and tie them all together to create and understand the big picture - big reason why i'm ... i don't mean to be mean but very creative ! now i had a hard time visualizing your face fully shaven or fully bearded but i psed it ( hope ... i'm sorry ... i guess i was ashamed for letting the video / truth hurt me the way it does that i didn't think about putting a warning label on these things . i don't understand why it has to be ... halloween 2010 :) understand the references ? ( left infp , right enfj ) ( painted myself , sewed his ... i went to a very academic / science-based school and a large number of the teachers we tested , including history / math teachers , tested as intjs . of the 25 or so , all except for 3 tested as xnxjs ( my ... we were in the movie theaters and i hinted to get kissed . i always imagined my first kiss to be awkward yet gentle but what i got was a tongue in my mouth ... even though i was 16 , it was a mix ... please spend 16 minutes of your time and watch this : what do you think of it ? go for it ! it's not too hard - trust me . three of my best friends and i are all non-us citizens and we've done research at college laboratories before , some starting from high school . two of my old ... : blushed : there needs to be more of you guys . my theoretical multivariable class had only 12 people in it ... and i was the only girl there . not to mention part of my hair was green so i stuck out like ... something along the lines of : even though you hurt me sooo much , i think less of you but i will never think poorly of you . i feel guilty loving you more than i love my parents combined . i always feel like an odd duck whenever infps mention their knack for reading books ... but mine is for solving math problems . it really tickles my fancy ! my fondest childhood memory with my ... what dreams may come , highly recommend ! ! extremely imaginative . foetus , preferably hugging a body pillow / stuff animal , back facing the wall . if my back faces the dark abyss of my room , i get really scared that someone will come and attack me . but if i face the ... 1 ) ratatouille - favorite can watch over and over again no matter the mood 2 ) anastasia - favorite princess 3 ) how to train your dragon - favorite line : + 5 speed ? : tongue : 4 ) spirited away i think it has more to do with family dynamics than the order in which one was born . remember that within infps is a large spectrum of personal differences . i only found this out recently when my ... i like to shop a lot and spend most of my money on clothes . that being said , the way i would like to dress and the way you would assume i dress ( based on my wardrobe ) is actually not the way i ... i'm two-months post break up and this is what has helped me : - letting it down easy on myself , letting the reality of the break up sink in at a pace where i can handle it - watching light-hearted ... it's not going to work out because he went out with another girl two days after he broke up with me . he thinks i'm annoying for calling him . he called the police that i'm harassing him . ... after a month , i texted my ex . he ignored me until his friend told him to text me back and talk to me . well it turns out that my ex has moved on , found another girl ( in one month i tell you ) and ... i texted him asking for a 2nd chance , apologizing , etc . and he never responded back . i passed by him accidentally over the weekend , he didn't bother to say hi and looked away . i'm never going ... as a response to all the posts : it only become unhealthy within the last few months when he started to get really stressed out . i know i could have been more supportive and when i accused him of ... i'm wondering : 1 ) do you infps believe that as long as you love someone , everything will be ok in the end ? 2 ) once an infp says i don't think things are going to work out or i don't think things ... '