' hey guys . so sometime between january and july 2015 i would like to skip town ... go to a place better suited to me ... i grew up in the bay area and have lived in a different place after that for ... hey . alright , i'm asking for some direction on what to go into for a career . i'm pretty awful at mathematics and computers / electronics and i don't really want to work with the public . recently i just ... you actually said helpless but whatever ... i've run out of time and care for this thread . have a good night guys . okay so you relate to amine . okay i can see that . and i wasn't talking about finding a partner or changing ... i'm at a loss for what point you're trying to make ... oh i see ... so even though she ... you might want to be a little more specific ... :) but i'll assume thank yous ' :) [ color = #800080 ] um ... whoh okay ... people with micro-peniss ' function no differently than people with average or large and they're not something to laugh about . i know you're talking about you ... asking for help . i am currently a college student and the beginning of spring registration is coming within a few days . i am trying to come up with a career path . i'm sure most of you can color ... and asking and answering questions ... basically the short version is - they are people - close relationships have been formed - and yes i can feel them - but from anyone else's point of view it's ... okay i got him to agree to a shower and some toothpaste . i mean they are people with emotions and things to say and deserve the same respect and tolerance as most others do they not ? i'm not sure if ... gathering data - useful - and problem solving - and allows me to comfortably cool off - i'm pretty comfortable with it - organize thoughts - make decisions - asses the value of something - try to ... welcome to personality cafe . my internal monologue can be an angry one . i might be very pissed off . i have heated conversations or arguments with someone i know . i know just how they would react and what they would say . i state ... thank you - japanese is part of my heritage . my brother can speak fluently and i love the country , religions and culture . i'm studying japanese . :D i definitely prefer to hang with the guys . they're calmer and easier to talk to and more fun to go do some activity with or something to that effect . i get nervous / tense / and i guard myself more ... welcome to perc ! ! ! istj's get a bad rep for no good reason . glad to have another one on the site . i too , browsed the site for awhile before registering . please start a thread telling us russian ... i feel the same way you do . i've read all the comments and i'll try what i do . many had some good points . may i suggest writing fiction ? i'm not exactly an artist either but i'm trying to take it up ... thank you and i'm sure i'll suffer through and move out and probably not talk to either of them again . the problem lies in both of them and i'm not close to either of them at all . however the ... okay , i have just about every word that my parents and i exchange down to a science . if i say i feel sick or i'm clearly in pain or i attempt to ask for help or advice or just attempt to make a ... okay i'll admit sometimes i will ask / say / post things just in attempt to communicate or interact ( usually if i ask something it's an attempt . i cant say im the best at communicating or interacting ) ... i'm considering a degree in the field associated with ; naturopathy , holistic care and holistic medicine , ( alternative and complimentary medicine ) , chinese traditional medicine , herbology and the ... i know i went off the deep end for awhile but i've been doing better in some respects . life isn't exactly rainbows and butterflies but i'll try not to post any crazy threads . sorry if i scared anyone ... i am sorry for the seemingly haphazardous posts of crazy amounts of babiling around in circles and making no sense and seemingly saying nothing and currently terrable spelling . i'm currently going ... noise in general bothers me ... but the hospital has a certain atmosphere about it that doesn't seem to bother me . people who argue for sport . can they at least learn to troubleshoot and actually say something intelligent and be productive when they argure ... ? the vibrations of sound ring through my head and ... 1 . what mbti type are you ? 2 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is english / language arts in school ? 3 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is math in school ? 4 . how many musical instruments do you play ? ... health ( y ) food recipes i don't want to sound rude but i would like this thread to stay on topic as much as possible . i am asking for posts of health or healthy dishes / recipes for better living ... again allow me to try to redefine my question - if i wanted to find another istj - to interact with - how would i go about it ? i've been introduced to people - people have introduced themselves to me ... stephen - well we can be lots of places but i would say not so much on the social interaction but yes - most preferably at home ; or at work agrees with every word . yup - same . and i'm not looking for specifics on people i meant more - on a sliding scale - the average of this personality type - as in what kind ( s ) of atmosphere ( s ) are the ideal for an istj to feel at home - ... i didn't see the other posts but i shall look . thanks . gym and work - two specific places - sounds about right ... and it's * finding * - i've been up for to many days - typo this is true . those who try to come across as intimidating and puff up can only cause me to stand there bored faced and exhausted as i let out a sigh of - you done yet ? - - and honestly yes - ... typically i would imagine that istj's don't really prefer to be bothered - although like i said istj's are hovering around in the middle - and yes i would have been one of those people who might play ... agreed . ( except for the bars / clubs / parties - not my thing ) otherwise love the rest and i do this sometimes .. ^ _ ^ - agree - martial arts is fun - i did swimming and gymnastics for a number of ... somewhat sarcastic but true to some extent . istj's are kind of hovering in the middle ( at least from what i've seen ) - i guess we're not really considered the most extroverted introvert or the most ... i can see that a little but i think i would much rather prefer outdoor activities ( camping , kyacking , backpacking , mountain climbing , ect ) - i would say exercise over sports - for some reason i ... agreed . lies are just kind of a pain - in a sort of - * sigh * god damn it ... what a pain ... if i ' tell a lie ' it's more likely i might just say something to avoid saying / telling the truth even if ... istj's - where / what are the most likely places that you will be found ? ( say if someone were to be looking to find an istj ) . if someone asked me i'm not sure if i could answer their question ... [ / url ] epimer - thank you for the welcome ; i like how you highlighted some cool parts . thank you for the welcome skycloud 86 . as for pride - i am aware ... :) and thank you abbiscuits ... i didn't actually want to type him - i just needed something to do ... ah well . sometimes i think i'd rather not know his type . mav has a good point and i can see where that points from ; however i would suggest to keep an open mind about finding someone new but if the chance that she wants more comes along - consider taking ... i understand - i'm going through some medical stuff and the thread didn't really make sense - sorry ... i know i didn't give the proper kind of info and all for better ... hold on - what was i ... this thread can be discontinued - i'll find a way ; i always do . - yes other types do that - * points to self * oh it's okay - being late that is . thank you for the welcome . i've been kind of hoping all over this site . for some reason i don't feel quite as introverted here . :D heh heh strange ... you seem to have a sort of break-through attitude and that can get you far in life . sometimes i wonder if i have a bit of that intuition factor ... in someways i can relate to the things you said ... sounds like i'm hovering around in the middle but closer to the introverted side ... nevermind ... '