' i'm in the middle of i am number four by pittacus lore , or whatever his real name is . it's alright so far , a little bit too much romance for the amount of ass kicking john can do . the only person that i've dropped like a hot potato was an ex . all of my other friendships that are no more were simply caused by boredom . i try to avoid the feeling of the person gradually growing ... ender's game , the hobbit are notable mentions but my favorite is called standford wong flunks big time . it's like book made for 12 year jocks , but i love every moment in it . the main character ... i fucking love life . this both made me crack up , but also kind reinforced her point about d-bags . thank you for these feels man :'( i think the problem is that i become obsessed with the activity . i suppose it's all about balance . i'm having serious commitment issues . i don't mean relationship issues either , i mean everything . for instance , i'll stay love something for like 3-4 weeks ( whether this be a video-game , an activity , ... it's not even that i have issues falling asleep , it's more the fact that i find sleep so boring , and many other things entertaining . though when i do sleep and i have a dream , they typically stick ... i have this problem as well . i usually have a honey-moon period with all of my friends and then they just slowly annoy me and little parts of them eat at my patience until i drop them . i should hate ... woah there nelly ! the poster and your ex aren't the same person , so please do not yell , i have a head ache just from reading this < / 3 . also , i doubt that this has a lot to do with your mbti type , ... creepingly slow in , because i notice far too many flaws in a person to be bothered , and quite slow out as well , though crushes come and go . i was actually thinking of asking out a girl a while ago within the first 2-3 weeks of really talking to her , it was all sunshine and rainbows until i took her to a spot that i like to go to when i ... can't say that any type is , i've run into passive estj's and bloody aggressive infj's . foot long , judging by your avatar . suprised this song didn't come up earlier i'm pretty sure he was trolling us . this sounds like something i would do , ' i'm joking , but if you take it seriously , good for me :D ' i'm honestly still finding myself , but i think that i'm an agnostic atheist for the time being . i have hard time wrapping my head around experimenting with religions because a religion ( or just being ... i want to heal , i want to feel like i'm close to something real , i want to find something i've wanted for so long , i want to find somewhere i belong . - somewhere i belong by linkin park i feel that i have a good sense of humor , i can keep the laughs going and the conversation going , as for being easily amused , if you give me television remote in a room without a television i'd ... it doesn't matter what they want you to belive , it's what theyknow that matters red head ... ? you have no soul ! i cried when optimus prime died to , psyphon :P but the only time i've ever cried , like really , really cried was when i visited my mothers gravesite with my girlfriend . i've never cried so much in my ... hello everyone :) i'm emilio , 14 and look forward to getting to know all of you ! ah , that was a slight typo , i'm typing on a tablet that has auto correct and it messes up my words sometimes . he was hugging her from behind . if the title doesn't say it all , i suppose i should elaborate . entps being the natural charmers that they are typically seem light hearted , joking and in a good mood . on the surface we seem as if we ... i never claimed he'd be cured . i said that for one day he should be himself and stop using excuses because if all you do is blame your problems on other things , you'll never grow , or develop . get out and experience life , i might be only 14 , but i can tell you that if you keep making excuses for yourself and just stay inside and not do anything , nothing will is going to ' fix . ' venting on a ... i can't give you much advice but i can tell you that even though your personality disorders are problems they are in the end excuses to not realize your true potential . one of these days you should ... sex . lots of sex . something small but meaningful , such as a gift based on an inside joke . a poem that shows how much she cares for me would do it as well . oh and i'm sure it's been mentioned , but sex . people who refuse to realize the fact that other people are not always the problem . you shouldn't come to an entp thread asking what's so great about us . but for the record : everything ;) like everyone else , i'm going to point on psyphon for ' village elder ' i've already complimented him on his wall about it :) i suppose i shall give possibri most kind ( though i still haven't ... i would take the red pill for sure . you mean you didn't laugh ? 1 ) intense feelings of protectiveness for a handful of specific people , knowing indubitably that you'd cut off your own head with a pair of blunt scissors to save them ( if it came to that ) . also , a ... didn't click . same as this person right here * highfive ! :D i suppose if you actually want to have sex and there are literrally no attractive girls in your ghost town , bang her . i mean , you should never really have to settle for anything less than what you ... everytime i open up a moonracer topic , i prepare myself to laugh , feel bad and then take it seriously . such a beautiful scene ... i thought this as well , could somebody elaborate on what the difference is ? i can see you two are getting into it , please excuse me if i interject : o yes , i general i can be quite good at it , but it depends how much i care for the girl . if all you have is two left feet all you can do is walk in circles ... i hate what makes me , but i love who i am . it's full empty after i drink it . if i care about you i can be the greatest listener ever . if i don't i wouldn't count on it . when i was younger and severely depressed this was a huge problem in my life . i always asked myself if i'd ever make it where i want to . i think that a certain quote helped me get past this state ... i agree with this :) the power of a hug sometimes just leaves both parties void of words , and that's when it's the most beautiful . i'm the same way , a kiss can mean the world but a hug can mean the universe : o '