' pretty much on the same boat , only difference is that if i say those things they'll end up asking why and complaining , and they won't shut up . insertcreativenamehere : 7w8 , 5w6 , 3w4 if anyone's the baby it's rabidapple but you guys are old nonetheless you guys are old . as of this message , 17 , will be 18 next april . istp 7w8 , initially mistyped as 8w7 , i've heard that's a common thing with type sevens anyway . i still relate to both pretty damn well . here's the thing with socializing for me , i don't know i did too much until i go home and all the noise is cleared out . sometimes if it's that bad i'd just get lost in thought in the corner but ... i see more infj's here than infp's but we've had our fair share , i think . it's been described as something that turns a human being into an animal of course it's terrifying . with ennagram , it seems to have a lot of very arbitrary rules . why is it in that shape ? why can't i be a 3w9 , why must i pick the adjacent number ? what's that all based on ? perhaps i didn't do ... i imagine it's so . hoping that neuroscience kicks in the next 10 years and there will be enough experimental data to see what's going on . all i have are theories for now . with me i've considered a few types in my head like intp and estp since they're the closest of types to my own . even istj . intj and entp i thought would be pretty cool too . but now that you ... curious , why esfp as one of the choices ? i bet a lot of istp's and hell a few other types on perc can relate to this , but give me something : a person , a concept , whatever , and then give me time , and i will be able to understand it ... mechanic's okay , never had problems with it , although i remember someone saying diagnostic , and i'd say that term's better . if you were to choose your own type , which type would it be ? i imagine one could mistype as the other if they were confused about pvj or svn . and yes , neglecting food is a thing . i've done that as well , although since i'm not as busy it hasn't happened as ... i'd say so . i really don't know why or how , but i just see a lot of infj's being drawn to istp's around here . i've seen the many questions , it's pretty odd . i bought a bunch of flannel t-shirts over the summer , and it's what i wear to school now , along with black pants . i also plan on perhaps getting a crop top or two when i reach my goal weight ... i'm more content than happy . only time i'm happy is when i complete a goal , and when i exercise . pretty much it . akin to what barathrum said , what feelings ? for any moment they do appear , i only keep them for myself because i want to solve it first . there are two scenarios for which i share my feelings ... not the most direct of lies , but definetely interesting . in middle school i was sitting on on blue tables . friend 1 of right was to the right of me , and then there were two other girls , one ... perhaps in dreamland , that trick worked . this is not dreamland . thought you knew about the virus that will get in the way of it's technical problem-solving abilities . the whole folder was ... it's basically you cut an eggplant in half , take some of the inside out , and fill it in with whatever the hell you want . once you fry your eggplant and put the filling in , you put it in the oven to ... * opens file love_infp . gif * . . . . 386922 i've never met an entj in real life either , but considering you're type i'd probably get along with you . i've always loved science since i was little , i love the various branches , but biology has ... those statistics i've heard about people crying 5 times a month on average i'm wondering what the hell is going on with their lives because i never cry . the most i'd do is once a year now , but ... i'm one of the less active beings around here , but yes , there are others here . you'll notice the more notable ones in your stay . i'm usually not here because i'm doing a ton of personal projects . ... it really does , i would be so intolerant of strangers if i had rnf i would personally rather be intimidating than ... 1 ) do we really have a death glare ? or a concentration face that concerns people ? by death glare , i imagine it's more of a resting bitch face , and i have quite the case of it . 2 ) reasons for ... i was wondering when this was going to happen . this is much better and much less boring than all the relationship threads that happened , i know that much . usually reserved and quiet , just like me , so we could totally relate to that . nothing much else i can relate with otherwise . i'm able to get along fine with my current infp friend , but the ... las vegas can do the same exact thing to you . that's actually a really neat way to make due . guess i'll keep this in mind if i ever need it . i have a very small palette of food compared to most normal people considering i was restricted to not eating certain things . like , literally , i can count the number of times i've had bacon with ... i was considering on repainting my room with black walls , but that's a bridge to cross when i get to it . solidarity's another word i'd like to use for black as well . overall i want to walk into my ... 1 ) mindsets . a lot of the popular ways to think are very contradictory to what i think now . everything's going to be laid out for you in the end no it isn't , the only way that can happen is if you ... his channel has definitely helped me in terms of finding out where i ultimately stand on . i also recommend his function videos . ... in terms of something more elaborate i think of different color schemes depending on the project . like for my room , i plan on it being the scheme of black , red , white , and so on . sometimes i even ... that fire on your ass is going to spread throughout your body considering you're moving somewhere . despite the risky situation , it seems very invigorating at the same time , which i imagine is why you ... the deal with me having a favorite color is that i actually have something nice to look at . i tend toward the darker but still vibrant colors . navy blue , wine red , royal purple , army green , all that ... you can do that if you wish . sure the relocation can act as a major catalyst to do things , but i don't think it's necessary . as long as consistency exists , it's fine . since my ability for a ... i don't know how to dance in the slightest , and if i tried i'd probably really suck at it , but i thought it would be cool to either learn how to free style or breakdance it's a habit that is more ingrained to me than most habits that i've had , it will certainly take a while to change but hopefully i'll see results after the end of my fall semester . i know the feel ... i know that feeling all too well , but i wish i could feel that more because honestly i think it's better than the general meaning of happiness that people tend to strive for . i make sure to have a ... i think absolute anger is weird because i'm super chill all the time , and when i'm absolutely angry , it gets hard to think . for example , if someone is being vindictive in order to teach me a lesson ... considering we all literally have the same programming , i'm not surprised . ginningpuma 4011 i've pegged my brother as an esfj . he's told me that his life revolves around talking to people . i will say he certainly knows how to bring camaraderie , seeing him in action , but ... i don't think it's any worth saying my feelings . feelings are not usually things i want to say out loud in the first place . my feelings about anything have never helped me solve problems , in fact , ... quite a bit of differences . in this general bio of both types i have here , you can already make quite the list portrait of an infp portrait of an istp the biggest difference i'd say is with ... i've dealt with people in general solely using my social mask . due to me being raised by a family of feelers , i act friendly and set up a camaraderie . hell , in my younger years it was all that i ... '