' heh well i would say rdj is not immature so much as very in touch with his inner child ? xd hello from over a year ago ~ ! lol i can't believe i thought riku was an infp xd i would say terra is a different type but i don't know because we don't get to see his character much tbh isxj ? but i actually still agree with my ... the problem is that people think a kind , even friendly intj must be an infj xp update : she is less entp and i feel like her personality was a little watered-down from her third appearance on i'm going to say : tales of the abyss fon master ion - infp colonel jade curtis - intj ( i always thought entp as a possibility for him too ) tear - isfj anise - estp ( i'm really not sure how to type ... i like this for the most part , though gil doesn't quite strike me as an istp so much as someone who gives off an istp persona at first i believe leo to be an intp ada gives me an extraverted vibe , ... i'm reeeally sorry if i did this one already , but madoka magica ! ( because i was just listening to the ending song from it ) i haven't put too much thought into this , it's kinda from the top of my ... ah , okay , it's been awhile since i've read books 4-6 so i might miss information there . i think he's quite intuitive , myself , but i can see why you would think he's an intp * shrug * i thought he was intuitive * shrug * we don't see as much of him as we could , but he's the only teacher who really suspected quirrel , which i thought of as intuition . he also somehow knew where to find ... no , he's te organized in general an inferior fe still actually uses fe xd i don't know , but they're both idiots ... i always thought chris brown was an estp rihanna's some sort of f , that's all i know intj--he completely lacked empathy or any sort of fe whatsoever . intjs have the smarts to persuade someone through emotional manipulation or the like . as we know , he was especially good at it . the ... intj ni : draws from inside world to create outside world ( i just liked that description of ni ) - - tests out a variety of hypotheses in his head and thinks outside the box until he comes up with ... infps are all the same in claiming they aren't the same xd ni is always the hardest function for me to spot and it sometimes feels like ti :P i actually think i agree with isfj because while she is spiritual , i would call her quite religious and all the ... oh , oops xd hahaha well it is harder to tell apart faces of people from a different race ... at first i could only distinguish a couple of them from each other ( the top-left corner girl and the one right in the ... lol they are the nine members of the most famous kpop group snsd or , in america , girl's generation hmm my two favorite members are labeled lawful good and chaotic neutral , interesting xd anyways , ... so , revisiting this thread , i found a wonderfully perfect epitome of a female entp : clara / oswin oswald from doctor who ! ... just wondering because it'd be cool to meet , especially somehow find one on here to potentially room with . the school itself looks great , but when i looked through the list of my possible roommates ... lol i like it , i think it can be pretty funny ! i know my one intp friend gets compared to sheldon ( and they're nothing alike actually except in the fact that they both utilize the magical thing ... mom : enfj , she is one of my best friends ^ ^ dad : estj ( i might say n , but he's not very open-minded and quite conventional . otherwise , i'm less sure ) - - i actually feel like we would get along great ... sorry i know the thread has gone pretty far now , but i just want to say this is exactly me ! actually mine started late 6th grade and it was absolutely terrible having to juggle fe and ne , but ... i always saw nick fury as an estj captain america i thought at first was an isfj but then i couldn't decide between t and f because he shows both yet not anything particularly of one . i might jump ... i agree , though i also think it's true that people are real life act inconsistently too . i'm not an infp , but i think i do this to an extent ( it sort of depends on how intense you're thinking of ) , my infp friend is like me in this regard xd no way ! xd honestly , any nt should generally be intelligent , but a couple things might stand in the way of an entp's reputation among nts : 1 . the arrogance of xntjs , though they almost always fall ... i feel the same way ! i like to find out who they are inside and connect with them too . usually , i'll do this more for actors that really strike a chord in me as opposed to music because what i listen ... personality type : entp favorite characters : fred and george , mcgonagoll :D ( not enough love for her lol ) , hermione , malfoy ( jr . lol ) honestly , i just love all the characters ( well , except for a ... tom hiddleston , my favorite actor ever ! ok i'm an entp , but one letter away so it's all good i love astrology and have studied it for years ! i'm a pisces sun / aquarius moon / gemini rising :) so when i first saw the movie i thought he was an entj ( but everyone ( including me ) has agreed that he's entp ) . so do any of you think he has a more entj-ish vibe than most entps or is that just me ? it's called adorkable ;D i like your analysis ! i also think he's very fe because i've noticed recently that he is a bit like a social chameleon and adapts himself to certain interviewers when ... hmm i don't think he's an extravert , and i do think he is infx i think he uses a lot of fe because he's very good with social etiquette and is very good at knowing how a person is feeling , very ... kpop ! twinkle by girl's generation , i'm absolutely addicted haha i'm actually quite spiritual , believe in god , etc . though i'm not religious--there is a difference . it's funny because i saw one of those entp motivational posters and it said : entp . spiritual , ... hahahahaha ! as an entp , i can definitely agree with those last two ! i especially appreciated the last one xd i took a really long test and got a perfect split between melancholy and sanguine . i heard when that happens , one is used to cover up the other and it's true : most all my peers see my sanguine side ... so here are my thoughts ... neku : all i know is that he is introverted ... shiki : esfj joshua : intp ( everyone thinks j , but i am sure he's p--whoever wants an explanation , just ask ) beat : esfp ... i have a new villain ! well ... he's kind of a villain ? i guess i would say , he lacks some morals ... does anyone know / remember the gamemaker , seneca crane from the hunger games ? ... yes , see i like this definition a lot better :) i can agree that most actions are selfish by your definition but still not the absolute all . i like your post a lot though interestingly enough , two of my closest friends are isfjs ! the others i've met found my ne , when i was in that thinking mode , kinda weird , so i tone it down a little around them xd however , they ... i agree wholly with that--being able to view each perspective and identify with the hero and the villain depending on their backstory , beliefs , etc . however , i only said that not every action is ... i guess if you really twist it and misinterpret it , then yes anything can be read as selfish . ( basically , i don't agree :/ ) actually for once i'd like to see a very serious entp villain , one that's like the intj shadow , but with the overlay of an entp still , as opposed to a manical entp . i'd find that interesting . i know ... that cell phone smashing scene was hilarious ! ! omg ! and the death to tedium guy was amusing xd i couldn't watch the other one , though the last one i just didn't watch because i hate disturbing ... ooh i found some ! from my childhood : syndrome from the incredibles hades from hercules i love them xd :( i don't know any of those surprise ! i'm reviving this form because i've been really interested in this ! well what really spurred it on is that i'm writing a book and my villain in there is very entp and * gasp * female--because ... well i don't know , these days everything's made into a disorder ... '