' 1992 is early . 1994 for sure is mid . 1993 is mid-way between early and mid :p i consider it on the cusp . perhaps that's because i was at the end of gradeschool at that time , so it was a transitional time in that regard too . i'm not sure . the 4 wing makes me think the t might be better switched to a f . from the little i know about you through your online self , i think you might be more p than j . part nutty professor and part mr hyde . at least that's what i determine from what i've been told ;) i just thought of a debate a friend and i had some years back . there seems to be two sorts of people - the kind who liked the smoggies and the kind who hated the smoggies . he hated that show so ... my uncle sometimes buys groceries online . it's the same price , and sometimes a bit cheaper , than buying in the store . it's also easier for him since he's older and has health issues . he doesn't buy ... ethylene where did they get those polls from ? i saw pics on facebook of questionaires being sent out in the mail , mostly of adult children being outraged that their parents would be getting mail like ... i have generalized anxiety disorder . i'm able to keep it at bay with medication , so i think it might be the result of a chemical imbalance instead of being a 9 . they never tested my blood or did a ... i read the composite and iee and eii profiles by gulenko , and iee seems to resonate more with me . i'm going to explore this some more , but this has been a great springboard . thank you for all of ... hello ( or hallo ) from another person in germany ! probably the worst job for a phone-disliking infp , but i've worked at multiple call centres . sometimes doing outbound , or both outbound and inbound at the same time . psyching myself up to make ... challenger ship explosion . it really disturbed me . i remember being really excited when the berlin wall fell , even though the politics around it were above my head . i just saw everyone partying on ... i'm really not sure ! i reviewed both of them and couldn't really conclude either way . i'm really new to the idea of socionics , so perhaps i need to just sit with it for a longer period of time . ... i think that sort of thing comes from gender stereotypes . like what about a hoodie is masculine or wearing nail polish is feminine ? in quite a few cultures , like gothic , cisgender males wear nail ... older people today are embracing newer things , from technology to food to fashion and even progressive beliefs like not being homophobic , transphobic , ableist , etc . i can see our generation ... severn sp / sx this is my first day in this community ( though i read some threads that were linked from tumblr earlier ) and one of the first things i searched was lgbt and then scanned for infp related stuff :) ... i'm not jealous and posessive to the point that some people think i am cold and unloving . like for example ( potential nsfw ? ) i don't mind if my husband has sex with someone else . i wouldn't need ... after reading this question , i think there might need to be another generation made between y and z . i remember 9/11 . i was in my last year of highschool when it happened . glad i took grade 13 ... i would say ren and stimpy comes second to simpsons . simpsons was the show . everyone watched it , and the kids at school who weren't allowed to watch it wanted to . i grew up with the simpsons , and ... 1 . is it worse to fail at something or never attempt it in the first place ? depends . some things , like learning a language or how to play an instrument , require a lot of trial and error . if you fail ... it's not listed , but is an option here . pirate party . '