' there's an option to avoid a significant portion of high school . here is the procedure . 1 . drop out 2 . enroll oi community college 3 . ? ? ? well , the cognitive landscape for the infj is quite different than the intp ( ours ) . genesis . obviously hell . well , philosophy is not ti and mathematics is not te ... such a statement doesn't even make sense . i think what some people think is that philosophical thought is more along the lines of utilizing ... yes to all the questions above . philosophers i tend to like : parmenides , marcus aurelius , frege , husserl , wittgenstein ( earlier more than later at this juncture ) , carnap ( selectively ) , and ... superb . to be completely honest , i'm starting to have major doubts regarding my prospects for grad school . first , i have to take into account how much debt i'll accumulate . second , i have to take into ... i'm not assuming you're a moron at all ( on the contrary you may very well be more familiar with technical stuff in comp sci / logic / math than i am ) . i meant superimposition simply as placing one ... well , my dislike of programming is because it does not help me in any way arrive at some sort of ontological truth , or at least interesting ontological facts . i'm interested in the nature and ... well , i do philosophy mostly ( for school ) . although i'm trying to mostly work in philosophy of mathematics and logic , which means i need to be at least decent in foundational mathematics and ... just use the word faggot . it sounds more derogatory anyway . really , don't believe me ? ask yourself : would you like to be called a faggot ? yeah , i didn't think so . i don't know , to be honest . i've always found programming to be god-awfully-fucking-boring . writing formal proofs for logics and pure mathematics , on the other hand , is very fun . but i ... in a nutshell , it's a bad argument . the premises of the argument range from either being extremely questionable to just ... wrong . there's also a serious appeals to emotions . so , yeah ... bad ... if i stopped using the word retard to denote some phenomenon of what seems to be a mental retardation ( you do know what a process of retardation is , right ? such as retarding ignition timing for ... cut the bridge . if the problem is not solved , then burn it . maybe i'm just insensitive . oh well . but you did ask for advice on how to resolve the problem . this is how i would do it ... 7 years is nothing . 70 years is nothing . 700,000 , 7 million , 700 million , 7 billion , 70 billion years ... these are all insignificant amounts of time . all worthless in the face of annihilation . we ... what legacy ? soon , you will be forgotten by the world . your children will be forgotten soon after , and their children after that . not even those with fame , power , prestige , and false immortality will ... ah , yes ... a meeting with my younger self is always amusing . i understand what you're saying . i think the only thing i was lacking back then was a bit of the dark side . these days , i just let the ... i'd say i'm more pessimistic than cynical . there is some relation between the two--i think logically speaking , being cynical is necessarily pessimistic , but not the other way around . so cynicism may ... ability to deep-throat , that's a must . >;) the next stage of hipster evolution is the iconoclast . has anyone actually reported her yet ? i mean , i don't really care either way , and based on the fact she is still around seems to imply nobody else cares , either . woman get on my horse ! i've been slowly building a very , very nice wardrobe over the past two years . it all sort of started with me realizing one day that i looked like shit , and that my ' efforts ' to dress better , whether ... will you change your name to blacktiger ? because tigers > lions . i guess you chose not to pursue the dark side [ of the force ] ™ . pity . well , this escalated quickly . the situation is a basic arithmetic problem . you're interpreting it like linear algebra . i'll read it , although most likely not immediately . i may or may not give feedback , and even if i do , it may not be very detailed . try to relax ; you seem a bit wound-up . hold your horses , woman . i'm on it . of course not . i think it's the other way around , actually . thanks . just type shiva on google and it should be there . people are fucking stupid . and i'm not disagreeing ; i have done this successfully in getting people to like me , girls , etc ... the end result is usually an even more ' misanthropic me . ' he's probably terrified of carrying out the thought . also : i know it can kinda be a turn-off for a girl if a guy doesn't make the first move , but seriously , if you're both young , and he's ... well , socionics describes the lii ( intj ) as a bit different . socionics types : lii-intj i can't falsify the paranormal . i can show that it is very unlikely any such entities or phenomena cannot occur within a certain paradigm , but i can't disprove it , nor can i say that our predictive ... do it for the girls . some post-hardcore / metal / crust / whatever ( i don't give a fuck ) genre hybrid band . their music is predicated upon an interpretation of the mythology from watership down and anti-theistic , ... baccano ! intps trying to understand god without resorting to intellectual dishonesty can just bypass christianity altogether ( with some cursory information , obviously , but it literally cannot be falsified or ... berserk elfen lied ergo proxy i spent a night with an enfp ( just some cuddling and a lot of talking , nothing explicit occured ) . later , she shared with me she thought we probably didn't have what it took for any type of romantic ... hi there , i'm a nihilistic , misanthropic , pessimistic anti-natalist ( i think humans should stop breeding and go extinct ) . can i talk to you ? =) he has ayn fucking rand of all people as his signature . are you that surprised ? yeah yeah , correlation doesn't imply causation , ad hominem , etc . ; heard it all , let's move on . chinese-mongolian blackish folk power metal .  ... this guy also said to me ... '