' haha the only one i can remember was this clingy girl who literally started calling me every single day , multiple times a day , and leaving long voicemails > _ < i had to change my number . hello intjs . i was just wondering if there was anything i should know about intjs before said date :D thanks ! esfj mother - way way wayyy overly sensitive , controlling , loud , comes up with all these theories that make no sense at all , little sense of humor , super serious about everything . does not care ... i love shopping ! ... for about 10 minutes i got a 29 on the act after staying up all night and not studying . i haven't bothered to take it again , it's not worth 5 hours of my time . esxjs in a power position . sometimes , if i'm reallly tired , si shows up for a little while . otherwise , it's practically nonexistent . oh gosh i didn't mean to sound whiny , but reading it i can see how it sounded that way . thanks for the responses : happy : nope , i'd rather stay entp : cool : but intp is second best : happy : i live in an average suburb . i go to an average suburban high school and have a few average suburban friends . for the past few years i've just locked myelf in my room in total intx mode but i can't ... i'm either chaotic good or neutral , depends ^ ^ ^ my mom ( esfj ) separated from my dad ( istj ) because they both find each other impossible my mom barely knows how to use a computer . she only uses email , and she thinks search engines are browsers and browsers are operating systems o_o also , her computer is a piece of crap . 16 gig hard ... my mom and i got into a fight , i apologized for what i did wrong . she still thinks it's all my fault , and it's not , but for the sake of being nice , i let her think that . i can't control her apology ... my cousin calls me insane well sometimes , yeah . live in the moment is foreign to me because i said so that's just the way it is we'll see don't argue with me , young lady because i'm the parent ! etc . and at one point i had a question limit . 10 qs per hour ! i ... facebook , and only facebook : happy : yes . alll the time . my cousin calls me clinically insane . : tongue : i love it when people harass other people for their bad grammer : laughing : exactly ! i say star trek i like bright colors . and black . and my socks are always 2 different colors :p roud : and sometimes i go through times where i want to wear the same thing for weeks . i adore quotes that i like because they are like exactly but i'm saying but better and packaged much more nicely . get a space suit and tour space until the air runs out / i crash into something i know that when i hear it can't be done or no , that's probably not going to happen or no , that's impossible it makes me determined to prove them wrong . i don't believe in no . what about ... honestly , i'm not sure at all . sometimes i feel like a full entp and other times a full intp . but i haven't been that way until recently . you see , my parents are both sjs , and i grew up very ... i'm guilty of that i play with it for a little while then get bored and move on do you mean you never liked it in the first place and , after discovering mbti , you realized you have legitimate complaints ? mostly , the visionaries originator groundbreaking thinker the innovator but at least some of all of them like today , she was apparently joking with me . i had no idea . apparently ' funny ' to her is insulting me in a ' funny ' way . and what she was saying was something she would say to me seriously . so i got ... how should i improve them ? : tongue : also , she's constantly texting and every 30 seconds there's a ringgg pisses me off : angry :: angry :: angry :: angry : i still have a year before i can really do anything . i just turned 15 so i still have to rely on her to drive me everywhere . also , i'm an only child , and my dad ( who's an istj and doesn't really ... i am 15 and she treats me like a 5 year old . so smothering . then when i tell her to back off she acts like i just committed murder . she's always right . if not , you're dead . if you disagree with ... not only does my mom talk a lot during them , she points out the obvious :d ry : like if something's blown up , she'll be like look ! it's blown up ! and if someone dies she'll be like someone ... i wasn't necessarily obnoxious , but i could be if i had to . as in , when i was learning about something i was interested in , i was perfectly quiet , but when something pissed me off , i wouldn't hide ... today , i was telling my istj dad about something super happy exciting and the first thing he said was something about chores :d ry : are all of you like that ? violence sucks , except in some movies and video games i'm almost and intp , and i hate school . everyone is super anal and everyone in my class are morons . i do just enough to get by . my mom went through this phase was obsessed with ironing . she would make me iron everything before i wore it , even if i was late for school :d ry : one time she even ironed her sheets ! i hate ... one time , when i was a kid , i had a panic attack after i read a bunch of stuff in the medical dictionary when i realized exactly how much stuff out there could kill me . now , i occasionally have ... why do they have to take it as a personal attack ? : confused : it's just a way to have a more interesting conversation : sad : welll right , i mean i spend a lot of time making sure the image i project is how i really am ( because i think i am cool ) sometimes i can really lose it :P entp naturalist i don't think most people fit strictly into one box . yes i do , and i live in california i think i might be both intp and entp :P '