' : happy : i was really trying to explain my way at looking at things using a t-language . i do feel that you understand what i mean even if feelers and thinkers often don ´ t speak the same ... well , as you said yourself , you can ´ t feel if you disconnect yourself from your own feelings . you don ´ t connect with someone else either . you wrote that souls aren ´ t an objective reality - ... same here ... the last two guys i had / have strong feelings for and felt attracted to i think are enfp's , but unhealthy ones . the first one i got really good advice from enfp's here on the forum some ... i got the same . i think it is very accurate . i feel like i am very deep and blue at the moment ... where did you find the test ? sounds interesting . i can relate to having parents that didn ´ t encourage you to cope with being who i am and having fears . no , there was always something wrong with me and i too got a negative self-image . now i can see ... it is probably the e / i difference that make it harder for me to understand where you are coming from . i read that you had a problem with a taxi driver that wouldn ´ t show you his core and that you ... i sort of feel the same way . i too want to feel that special deep connection with other people and hope to be able to inspire someone to grow . the difference is i don ´ t want to crack them open - ... i have always had the feeling that something was wrong with my family even though everything seemed to be perfect . the last month i have had an insight that it has to do with narcissism . my parents ... yesterday after meeting some people at the pub that i don ´ t know very well . i kept my happyface on the whole evening but were stressed out for not being able to talk about anything interesting . on ... absolutely - i feel a similar thunder of emotion in my heart ! but i do feel that other people or situations can make me feel insecure even though i am proud of my own self discovered center . i feel ... i know what you mean . i have been on an emotional roller coster since the weekend . and since i don ´ t work this week it gets worse when i am alone at home . i met with a friend wednesday and then it ... i hate it when people are clingy and make me feel i have to give them constant attention ... ah ! no , that is what i am looking for . but i am an infp and perhaps i am not like most women . i don ´ t know . i think it ´ s screwed up if women doesn ´ t want empathy . but i am not living up to the female ... i suppose we infp's attract people like that but i tend to do like you do - focus on their own responsability . otherwise you end up feeling suffocated . but it still happens to me all the time , that ... i am the other way around since i am introverted . i get overwhelmed when people are all over me craving attention . i get the feeling it is all about you and your needs and i get annoyed . i am not ... i thought it was the other way around - that extroverted people had their eyes set wide apart ... a prejudice perhaps ... my eyes are rather big and set somewhat close to one another ... i would have been upset too . especially since if it was done by someone new to me . it would be different if it was a friend and i knew where he / she was coming from . i don ´ t find this behaviour ... can someone just please pull me out of my own head ! : crazy : i am closing down my computer and going outside to do something else than going around in circles in my mind ... see ya ! yes , i would also like that . i was reading another thread here - infp's mirror of emotions - and i think a lot of the self-torment and sadness has got to do with that aspect of us . i think it was ... my feelings are all over the place ... why does this always happen to me in the summer - i hate it ! i have just come home from a nice holiday abroad with a girlfriend and now these last few days i ... no matter what happens you made the right choice to stand up for yourself . i hope everything will turn out all right for you . you are not responsible for your whole family . it ´ s not up to you to make ... infj - the counselor you scored 50 i versus e , 20 n versus s , 40 f versus t , and 60 j versus p ! your ideal romantic partner is known as the counselor . this type makes a supportive and insightful ... same here . i like nature but often not the people living in the country . i don ´ t like the narrow-mindedness of it all . everybody knows everything about everybody . i have lived in a very small village ... i was rather sarcastic in my teens and in my early twenties . after that when i am feeling pessimistic it most often is stuck with me and i don ´ t lash out when i am cynical ... i am not as ironic as ... me too . i don ´ t function properly when i don ´ t get enough sleep ( i need 8 hours ) . i am a zombie for part of the day if i only sleep for like 6 hours ... my thinking is slow and also my reactions . i ... i haven ´ t heard anyone call me a tomboy and i don ´ t think i have looked like one either - in the traditional sense of the word . i had long hair and was a typical good girl when going to school when ... same here ... mostly i get infp when i do online tests ... but sometimes i get 50/50 on the p and j functions ... it ´ s hard to know which function i use the most ... i think my mindset is p and the ... i am borderline infp / infj and i often had this experience with my mother who i think is an enfj . she was hovering over me stressing me out with all her questions and expectations ... if i took a piece ... i don ´ t know if it ´ s an infp thing .. i am borderline infp-infj and i have always enjoyed drawing and watching details in a facial expression and put them on paper ... i think i have a facination for ... yes , that is probably the thing to do . but the enfp guy i mentioned went overboard with his craziness the first time we met and i jumped after :-D we had a superspeed seduction meeting daring each ... me too ... i scare guys i think ... the thing is i also scared an enfp guy off ... he didn ´ t freak me out when he showed me his intense emotions . but he is so inconsistent i don ´ t trust him enough to ... i was just going to ask you if you would like to live in the 1950 ' s , but then i found this second answer and i see that you would like to live exactly that sort of life ... this reminds me of why ... yes ... it is really interesting to read about how you think and act in such situations . i have seen the behaviour but i always thought it was negative group pressure that made someone act like that ... am i you ? i have a cat just like your avatar also : crazy : well i do exactly like you when having to do an oral presentation ! yes , all you have to do is press play : tongue : i also used to know how ... yes . me too . i have often felt responsible and i still do . even if it is not up to me to be the responsible one . i remember telling my parents what i thought they ought to do - for example make ... no difference between us there then ! i am working as a social worker since a few years . i work with children at an institution where they live for several months at at time and i find it rewarding getting to know the clients really well ... i ´ m a leo - and still a leo after reading the 13 zodiac signs ... i got 108 . hm ... i thought i would get a higher score ... but when i read the text below i agree with at least some of the explanation ... according to your self-report answers , your emotional ... yes , exactly :-) being an infp i have often thought that noone really understood me and that they never mirrored my feelings . i too felt that people were looking at me thinking i was weird . ( and i ... yes . some days i feel like i am more or less numb . i look at the world as i am looking at a film . things are passing me by , i notice them , but i don ´ t feel involved ... i don ´ t think that others ... well , i used to be like this when i was younger ... but after a crisis in my twenties a talked to a counsellor and she asked me if i ever was angry and said what i really felt ... at that point i ... does anybody know the swedish writer astrid lindgren ( childrens books like pippi longstocking ) and what type she was ? a friend of mine told me some years ago that i hide my personality just like ... it is no fun feeling like that . i feel for you . is it just work or is it a general feeling of misery that is making you feel the rage and is turning you into a monster ? i remember often ... pocoturtle : i don ´ t know if i made myself clear ... what i wanted to say to you is that i find it more easy to feel what i really feel nowadays . i understand myself better . i don ´ t pressure myself as ... hm ... i can really relate ... i think my mom is an enfj also ... i am going to give you my honest answer because i have been thinking about this a lot . this is my experience and i don ´ t know if you can ... how do you cope with feeling like that ? i feel this too ... at the moment i am low because i think about this a lot ... the worst thing about it is i feel i can ´ t settle for anyone to be my ... enfj relationships it is not usually easy to be the child of an enfj . the enfj's life focus is centered in the sphere of relationships . they take their relationship roles very seriously . they are ... i try to find a way to work around this but i haven ´ t really found it ... i try to use my ideals and optimism and find creative ways to change the reality for the better , for example at work . but i ... '