' i did extremely well in elementary school but once we start having to do things on our own time ( homework ) i started doing just average . in college , probably a little worse than average . the less ... what it all comes down to is what you consider a ' good match ' and what you value in relationships , and whether the person you're with is mentally and emotionally healthy or not . ah ic . so there's nothing a girl can do to keep an entp guy engaged besides being someone else ? i guess i failed to mention i do not want to pursue the relationship further . i realized he is a little too immature for me . it's just nice to have closure . i honestly thought i might have been too ... i was a 5 or 6 in my teens too , up until 21 . to get to a 1 you have to be the best you you've ever been :) . i'm now in touch with more of my stj side than ever . i * almost * have my ideal blend of ... sorry for the delayed response . i'm 23 . hmm . i guess i'll just have to accept it as one of those courtships where one person all of a sudden stops talking to the other because of some rational reason that only they know . disappointed . ... i've been working on being less passive-aggressive and take the mature , direct approach . i have mastered it with strangers , but i chicken out when it comes to my own friends and co-workers . it'll ... p's make the best lovers . we give people butterflies because of our unpredictability :) i'm a firm believer that people fall in love hardest for p's . <3 that's not even that bad ! ! was hanging out with an entp for 2 months or so . we admitted to liking each other but i was always more reserved than him when it came to expressing my feelings . i wanted to keep the chase going and ... this sounds precisely like my guy . great husband material . does all the chores and thinks every single meal i make is the best meal ever lol . so reading this thread makes me scared to ever date an entp . haha he's really not your average estj i might add , very sweet and sensitive and romantic . i actually feel like the guy in our relationship for many reasons . i'm with an estj , have been go three years . since i know exactly what i want in a relationship i tell him how i basically want to be treated ( since they like structure and rules so much ) , but you can ... yay i'm level 1 ! perhaps 2 ( in between ? ) i long to inspire others and share my extreme optimism and happiness , but my extreme introversion still gives me tendencies to be very annoyed of people . this thread makes me smile :) . when your j significant other creates a system of doubling the amount of time you tell them you'll be ready for something . estj's are great in relationships , and i know mine would be a really good husband and father someday . he will never suddenly change his mind about me , he won't fall out of love , he is reliable , ... my estj and i laugh at the exact opposite things , the opposite parts in movies , etc . i think our sense of humor is literally the exact opposite ... it sucks ! - if i act really shy / quiet when we're just hanging out one-on-one . - if i act like an st and start talking about facts / observations ( then eventually if i really start to fall for you my nf side will ... sometimes i even feel more empathy and sympathy for inanimate objects than people oh my gosh ! ! i do this ... it gets worse the more tired i am lol guys say they are intimidated by me probably because i'm really confident and girls say they are intimidated by me for reasons being : introverted-i don't reach out to make conversation , and i ... i have a great metaphor for this ; finding that perfect someone is like shopping ... you know exactly what you are looking for , you have particular details you want , but can't find it anywhere , not ... what do you guys think of infp's ? side question : do entp's lose interest in people easily or do they get set on someone and not give up ? this explains a lot . he does the same thing and i just think he's starting to lose interest since he will take sometimes 45 minutes to respond to me when i know he's just at home . in person i will ... he said it out of no where ... more than once and i didn't say it back until the second time . so is that a good thing ? how do i know when i'm bugging him , though ? especially if it's through text ... he is not opening up to me at all . i really like this entp and he's already said he likes me but this relationship between us is hard . i don't want to feel like i'm bugging him but he doesn't initiate contact that often . do i ... ah no wonder . the entp i've been hanging out with was really outspoken and easy to talk to at first but now that he admitted to liking me he chokes up and has gotten a lot quieter ! ugh same with me . well i can't exactly call him mine , but the entp i've been hanging out with . how do you steal their fe v-card ? ! also , he's older than me but more immature . i come off as more intellectual ( i'm like 44 % t ) , i am always talking about facts and things i learn and he's interested but doesn't contribute or act like ... dang i was hoping for an enfj :( he does love people and is friends with everyone though . he totally comes off as an i with me though ... reserved as all hell okay so i'm having a hard time distinguishing between these two . how do i know which one of these a guy is ? he seems pretty rational but spontaneous ... when he wants to do something he sticks to it , ... okay , so i have a crush on this guy i've been hanging out with ( he has confirmed that the crush is mutual ) . i thought he was an entp but doing some thinking i think he is enfj ... he's a hard one to ... ha , no problem . i will be the first one to admit that dating an infp is risky , but once the kinks are worked out i believe it is the most rewarding relationship to have :) yes :) edm makes me feel alive . i can 100 % relate to her . it's not you at all ... we change our minds about significant others every day at times ... one day i tell myself my bf is the greatest thing to ever happen to me and the ... that's probably a great way to put it . i think what draws me towards him ( besides being wildly attractive ) is that i can't figure him out ! he seems to be half and half of everything besides n . the guy i've been hanging out with , which i thought was an entp might actually not be now that i'm reading more about them . he likes to talk about himself , yes . not narcissistic , though . he ... i don't get what you mean :/ well i think he must really like me because he gives me forehead kisses ... gives me butterflies :) another thing : do entp men like to be nurtured ? do they like when the woman is the dominant one ? i'm getting that vibe ... aw no fair ! i am currently trying to figure out an entp who will not open up .. grrr so how do i win an entp over ... especially one who's so closed off with me ? ? i know one thing that i gotta do; never give away too much about myself , gotta keep the mystery so he stays interested ! okay now tell me how does an infp manipulate an entp ? ! :-P yes . we actually made plans to get high together the other night but his work plans got in the way . maybe i'll prompt him to do it sometime soon . hehe we've done that ... that is the only time we have really found stuff out about each other and connected . can't get drunk all the time ... it's taking forever to get to know him ... i feel like i know nothing about him because he hasn't opened up . i don't know how to approach this ... do i have to dig ? i don't wanna feel like i'm prying ... '