' beat / song i was working on tonight if anyone can find a non-registration mp3 host , i can put it up there dl : magicthingsofallsorts ( 1 ) . mp3 physically no , mentally yes or if instead you spent 30 mins trying to think of a witty response to post # 2 but gave up in frustration you may be intp but then again who are we to say waking up in the morning ? damn i must've only slept for 2 hours . edit :d oublepost as i said later in that post , i don't think the current environment is conducive to re-entry at all . the problem is all the hoops you have to jump through in order to start up the new business ... if we are talking about ideal capitalism , the other ones only die out because they cannot provide as good of a service at the same price to the consumer . in this sense , the big corporation has ... exactly . also , people seem to forget that mises pretty much completely destroyed the idea that correctly implementing socialism was even possible . he noted that the information problem associated ... i totally forget what it used to look like already lol but here's my critique : - avatars next to threads makes it far too cluttered and difficult to quickly scan thread titles , they're really ... so mainstream my favorite : actual type : intp preferred type : intp attraction type : infp zz that took forever music production , gfx design , debating , staying calm but anything in respect to which small mistakes are disastrous i am terrible at people don't are animals , animals are animals ti is better my brain told me so s : who what when where ? n : why ?  2nd one for sure , heres a hq link : the government doesn't act as one unit , such that it could have motives and goals - it is merely a collective term used to refer to the public sector of individual decision makers . consequently , i ... if you can manage to get past the awfully pervasive mass-marketing , fragrances ( colognes , perfumes , ect ) are a great thing to experience . it's sort of the only on-demand access we get to our sense of ... no one will ever consider a topic that asks them what they do with their personal time to be selfish ... ppl love to talk about themselves the pressure to be constantly active went away for me once ... having high standards for competency is not a valid excuse to not try something - failing is only bad if you measure success by the result of the first try . sounds a lot like fe awe is common in n types , especially ne diagnosis -> xntp . i would prob rule infp out due to the fi primary function . you may discover later on whether you're an ... ahh the lurker comes out to accept a chess challenge ... now we know how to get these guys going the complexity of economics is so unbelievably vast and still highly underestimated . every single event , from a small sneeze to a major natural disaster is endogenous to the system and has ... remember , human beings existed before the mbti classification - any difficulty you're having finding a type is likely a deficiency of the system . if you finally do find what type suits you best , it ... i actually have an uncanny ability to remember faces , but am terrible with names . names just seem too arbitrary to be worth remembering and as i have no interest in them , they fade quickly . i ... the knowledge required to [ drive / teach ] doesn't depend on having [ a car / speech ] . the action does , but we are not speaking of that . the intent of the original quote is to illustrate what threshold of ... i think you're missing the point - you can know how to drive a car without having access to one . : 00 hes prob just playing it like a boss and going with the i don't care strat .. cmon guys we aren't that oblivious props for him , gettin someone to make a damn thread about it i don't know if you've seen it , but this wiki-page awesomely expands on that idea . dunning this is not part of ti or te , per se you don't know something unless you can explain it it doesn't say you don't know something until you have explained it . this just means that attempting ... possibly if one assumes that there is a concrete , objective truth for us to discover , then no . if one sees reality as an amalgamation of proven occurrences , then yes . does a tree that falls ... but you're just letting the ignorant people rule your actions . a similar argument could be made to display the type , as those who aren't presumptuous could broaden their perspective about exactly ... used to work on a golf course . i filled up a golf cart with gas and forgot to screw the cap back on cause i was thinking about something random ... i drove around the whole course splashing gas over ... lmao , ask and you shall receive but tbh this site looks like a pop-up web design is tough and requires both a lot of work and an acute aesthetic sense - don't be discouraged i'm not going to stop telling people that the lottery is not a good investment simply because it may hurt their feelings that they wasted so much money hitherto . again , my intentions are not ... we may be arguing semantics but my conception of belief is that it is an asserted position on a defined question . basically just if you had to decide one way or the other , which would you go . perhaps ... i disagree . i think that there is a different paradigm when one speaks of beliefs based in logic vs . those in faith . this is because all positions , i . e . beliefs , employ logic to define themselves in ... i sort of agree . it is my feeling that most atheists are so for the wrong reasons , and hypocritically fall into the same logical traps they vehemently denounce as religious shortcomings . i also ... your condescension is pretty offensive . trying to lever peoples ' preconceptions for a baseless ad hominem attack just serves to discredit you . any personal offense you took to my statement was ... no this isnt the same thing at all , in fact it is the opposite . faith is a meaningless term , as it defines itself through the use of logic but claims to be in a domain that is separate from ... uhh .. the letters don't work like that . the 4 letter code has to be deciphered before you can glean anything from it . for example , changing p to j means you go from ne to ni and ti to te ... not to ... not really no it is a rare exigence though ; im only really offended if i see someone do something that suggests their true motivations as malicious , selfish etc when you see behavior as a ... every nt does this to a certain extent check this out it may help , his other vids are worth checking out as well ... if being trolled means exposing how i actually care about helping those who may need it , then i don't fucking care . this isn't a game of pride ; you'd be surprised at the variety of ways people ... this is the biggest problem with mbti . people look to it for belonging and thus overgeneralize and ultimately misunderstand the results . people just want an excuse to continue acting as they act , as ... '