' boring mhm cap and carpenter's glasses . 48895 the bags under my eyes disappear when i get enough sleep . then i don't feel old . the key to me not feeling old is plenty of sleep and water . somebody better comment on my comment ' cause i'm ... i'm obsessed with grooming and stroking my beard and , maths . by maths i mean this , this , and this . i like to burgle turds . i'm a turd burglar . my username . i mean wtf was i thinking ? ! you know that scene in of mice and men where gary sinese tears up just before he blows johnny malcovich's head off ? those kinds of things , where it feels ... 35053 there it is . what ? ! * feigned irony * i'll fap my gourd to that . :: thinks about it :: a person posts a thread that's basically a novel attempt at resuscitating the conversation of is the istp forum interesting enough to the istps ? certain members intuit my intended meaning to be ... how so , capisum ? noted . you also are dismissed . i'm inclined to agree with your finely worded phrasings good sir . in the morrow , i will return w / a mediocre impressive list of intellectual topics for a new thread . :: adjusting monocle :: novel , lol . also , nice to meet you . you're dismissed . ( edit ) that's quite alright , cktofu . i wouldn't expect more from a bloke w / self proclaimed 25 % verbal / linguistic ability . however , 10 characters ? ... 1 . a 2 . c 3 . o 4 . m 5 . p 6 . l i'm unhappy w / the current writing productions on the istp forum . sure , there are some members who have and continue to be good contributors ( me not included , given my sober but cryptic and ... as a kid , i'd watch the never ending story over and over . i'd pause the vhs tape on the falcor scenes , where his white shimmery bulbs of flesh would shimmer on the dragons fur coat . i wanted to pop ... want to know if someone is genuinely conveying gratitude when they say thank you ? you can't . life's a bitch and then you die - notorious b . i . g . novel word combination . what happens at the 100 % mark ? drunk guys and guns , smart ! xd you ain't so bad yourself you know that feeling when , no wait you're probably too busy over analyzing shit to notice it ; the feeling just after you take a shit , flush , and a drip of cold water gently splashes on your keister ? ... have i been drinking . wow , you people are lame . where are the crazy fucks at on this website ? smh whad ' you say , can you clean a hobo ? of course you can ya dummies , all you need is dry bar of soap and your spit . just spit on the soap and rub ' till the lather dries , then keep scrubbing until he's ... barathrum , to say i do feel for you would be a lie . i don't . having said that , read some of your posts - i like you . just for that , i'll give you a do over . no more pansy ass complaining bullshit ... ( edit ) disclaimer : no complaining , romance , no bullshit in here okay , just be creative and write crazy shit . hey people , come on into the lounge ... what's that greasy blood stained white thing ... yes , when provoked . otherwise , i'm unassuming , that is true roman . none of us are saints . - anonymous serial killer : unsure : just woke up . i dreamed i was recruited as an informant to assist a couple hippie vigilantes in a fake herbal incense sting operation . it's too bad i woke up before the neighborhood smoke shop was ... rewritten ' sentance ' : shit happens . like this thread , for example ... kidding . this thread didn't do well in the istp forum . i wonder why ? ... clarification pls . where's the edit and delete button when you need them ? ! somehow during the re-editing of my post i rearranged the content causing a shit ton of grammatical errors ... so much for appearing to write ... dunno about these lists , but everybody i know says i'm a slick mo'fucka . on the right fella , cowboy boots look fuckin ' cool ! the radiological technology program here is 2 years plus residency ( ? ) to get certification . truthfully , i chose said path last year . - a bit unchallenging though . yep , one of those ... which ever option provides the better career path . i take it you're implying that your post is leaning toward ' extraneous ' anyhow , right ? go ahead , delete it . move your tips , click the button , delete it , all done . : laughing : ( edit ) btw , where ... lol . the title of the threads on this website amuse me . : crazy : such a contrast from intp central . nah , i was being intentionally vague . school is boring to me , as such i wouldn't wonna bore you all with every detail about my major , the title of it , etc . lol neato , whatcha gonna do with ... neato , whatcha gonna do with it ? thread title reads famous istps , but its contents include fictional characters , duplicate fictional istp thread ? as for infamous istps , i choose me , lazy gourd ' n extremities . : cool : are you talking to me ? haha , too funny ! if you're talking to me then yeah , my post read as a pretty corny scenario . but i'm more attentive and charming in real life . it's just that particular lady ... what is my sense of humor ? here ... freaks ! ! : crazy : when i think of romantic comedies i'm reminded of actor ryan reynolds . hollywood's likeable cool guy with this terribly smarmish brand of comedy . i dunno why , but some women love that shit : crazy : here's a typical exchange between myself and this cutie intp female whom i have a friendship / sexual arrangement with . me : hey , want me to cook dinner for us ? her : ( convoluted minutia that means ... blah blah blah ... the other members will sort you out . kudos on the avatar . : crazy : i love it . while i type as istp , my functions measure out relatively balanced . college , intellectual hobbies , etc . , have done wonders for me in the self-improvement of inferior functions domain . i prefer the one-sided smile : wink : , but i also posses an inventory of symmetrical facial expressions to indicate pleasure , favor , amusement and negative emotion as well . - more suitable appearance in ... '