' oh wow , i thought i was the only one . this is very much the same thing for me ( every word ) ! : happy : ha ha it's okay if you choose not to be specific ( i wouldn't be either in this case ) . i agree that there are certainly loopholes in the mbti theory and it can be hard to type ourselves . let's not ... i haven't read all of the pages in this thread . i am curious as to how things are now . i'm guessing some of what i'm going to say will seem redundant but anyways . we're obviously not there to witness ... care to elaborate on why you say this ? i am a middle child with a twin sister who's 12 min younger than myself ( tests as intp ) and a brother ( i think he's an isfj but not sure ) who's about 1 year , 5 months and 20 days my senior . not a ... i tend to think i attract feeler types more often than thinker types oddly enough who are either introverted extroverts or are just introverted . the guy i am currently on somewhat more than friendly ... yup , got confirmation this guy is a creeper . so i stopped replying to him after he got weird on me but decided to let him know he didn't offend me ( apologized saying he's sorry if he offended me and ... i am good at figuring out stuff in my head somewhat faster than the average individual ( arithmetics speaking anyways ) . math is not my best subject , although i have to admit that it's due to laziness ... 83546 were you saying something about sexitime ? odd ... a mother refusing to teach her own child how to do laundry . if my kid begged me , i'd teach them in a heart beat ( teaching them independence and of course saves me the labor lol ) . there's only ... thanks :) well i realize it may not be 100 % correct but the point is that it's not as straightforward as people want to think . that and well hey , there's always another way of looking at things that ... hmmm i am an entp and never cheated ( but have slept with someone else not very long after a breakup however ) nor would i consider it . i've been cheated on by my enfj ex of 2.5 years who ironically ... i'm the same way quite honestly . as i said in another post ( don't mean to be redundant here ) but i've heard that it's not uncommon for the more socially dominant person to be more submissive in the ... really now ? why not try swooning me then ? you know with offering to cook me a nice homemade dinner , setting the mood with pink scented candles , and then also telling me to follow the path of pink ... i am naturally small ( not quite size 0 but close to it ) and don ’ t really care about wearing makeup , doing my hair nicely , etc . too much unless it ’ s an occasion that calls for it . i bolded what i ... you could try a sample of my apple sauce ... doesn't require any biting : wink : what about nibbling or sucking ? come take a bite out of me . you'll see i'm actually quite a sweet apple : wink : tony stark hands down 83082 i am an apple ... hold your tongue while saying that of course ha ha . be sure to tell eve not to eat me : cool : that's interesting , although i think that kind of thing is more commonplace than we'd think . from what i've heard , it's not that uncommon for socially dominant people to enjoy being sexually dominant ... yup , this is all like how i am . i admit i do love to find new and improved ways of doing things , which has led me to defying the rules countless times . this has gotten me into trouble with teachers ... i like to be the one who at the very least wants to push the ball to get it rolling . it's okay for me if they continue to roll the ball , although for me personally i actually prefer to be the one ... unleash your unrequited desires upon me , why don't you ? : happy : some people are just downright clueless , like that guy who likes your infj friend and that guy who offered to help clean your mom's apartment . i saw that line and was like oh god ... this is not ... i thought i was supposed to be da ho for you : wink : and i could be in your pants if you'd let me ^ _ ^ all of this ... especially the bolded ! i made this post because i recently had an experience that confirmed this suspicion about me ( that i don't like it too much often times when the guy makes the ... well here i am waiting . i have a kitty that you can eat as much as you want and for as long as you want ( and will love it thoroughly ) [ / color ]: tongue : [ color = #4b0082 ] i happen to also live in the you essay : cool : well for starters i was never the girl who ever really enjoyed clothes shopping with friends ( don't mind it with my twin sister however ) ... they do say you are what you eat : cool : alright so ... being completely awesome yet easy going and not a bitch , got that covered . being the dictionary's definition of interesting , check . brownie points for being excessively attractive , ... i think that this is a big part of why i act more i in a lot of situations ( particularly around my family which consists of many s types ) . for the longest time i thought of myself as being an ... so wait , what about the female entps who wish to seduce a male infj ? not sure if someone posted about this or not in this thread since i didn't feel like browsing through 29 pages xd i tend to be the same way as you . i often appear more stand-offish or aloof than i already appear to be at times so those people are that much less likely to encounter me . if someone around me is ... i tend to try avoiding them if possible . however , if i am forced to be around them and they are just annoying me , i will confront them for sure . i don't want to spend my time arguing about dumb , ... i was more of an independent child in the sense that i liked to lead myself and whatnot . i didn't really care to lead others nor did i care to follow others ( wanted to do my own thing ) . today however ... i don't know if this is a personal thing for me or if other female entps feel the same way , but i recently discovered i actually feel weird if someone else makes the first move . i realized that i am ... i can relate to this struggle ( and recently came to realize i'm more entp than infj ) , despite how odd it may seem given how entps and infjs only share one letter dichotomy in common . as others before ... i remember a few nights ago when i went out to dinner with my parents and some of their friends for someone's birthday . i had a sex on the beach drink and decided to eat the orange slice that came ... i would say so . wait which head are we talking about ? : wink : no body dies a virgin because life fucks us all . also don't forget playing around on the playground , going wild doggy style in the woods , getting wet ' n wild in the pool , etc . : wink : true dat , man ! as for the bolded part , well , my bolding that part says it all ha ha ! : laughing : looks to me as though i accomplished my mission ... muah ha ha ha ha ! i prefer to be in a relationship when it comes to sex . i will admit that if i am into a significant other i'm in a relationship with enough , i have no trouble moving rather quickly when it comes to ... i also thought i should mention my type of humor ( put this in a discussion about entps and having a problem with having a normal sense of humor ): i have to admit , i saw some threads in there , ... i get most annoyed with sj types , especially the esxj types ( way overbearing for my liking ) . i'll admit that there have been some esxps that have annoyed me to no end as well ( live too much for today ... my type of humor : 1 ) sarcasm , sometimes i say things that are somewhat diabolical . for example , whenever my mom talks about having chest pains for a while i'll say to her so basically you're saying ... characteristics : 1 . ) intelligence is a major must 2 . ) creative and innovative thinking 3 . ) is a more compassionate and sensitive thinking type of person 4 . ) is willing to tell me “ earth to ... this ... especially the bolded part . it has bothered a lot of people ( including my enfj ex ) how i seem to always look for reasons to rebel . i was more on the quiet side of things growing up ( was ... '