' love is glorious and terrifying . it is the strongest thing you can feel . when you love , you are at your most intimate . but love is fragile . it needs a careful hand , or it will fade and break . if you ... i play three computer games . i like games in which i only have to kill things if i feel like it ( which is rare . ) and that i have a lot of freedom to move about and bend the world to my will . i ... i think true intimacy is possible . it just takes a lot of growth , a lot of courage , and a dash of luck . now , is it is possible for me ? i don't know . i have my fair share of issues , and although i ... when i'm with him . . . i was a very unhappy child , so definitely not that . yes , i think that perhaps i wasn't reading the signals that he was giving me about his feelings . but , i realize now that he does care about me , and my feelings , just that i don't quite know how to ... listener now , this i understand . i certainly feel that other people see relationships through a different light than i do . but then i wonder : are they right or am i ? am i just viewing things through ... i'm afraid i don't quite understand what you are trying to say . i think it is impossible to be an infp without self doubt . relationships become harder , just due to our type . are you trying to say ... the books aren't even worth it for me if i don't develop a crush on one of the characters ! i always do , though , so no worries there . lol , i'm not quite ready to give up on people fully . i'm going to find someone perfect for me , maybe the perfect person just isn't this person . although , i am very , very attached to my soft ... oh , no ! it isn't your fault at all . i was sad when i made this thread , and i'm really happy to be getting support . it really helps to know that other people have gone through this , too . that i'm not ... why are you ignoring me ? are you ignoring me ? do you care at all what i feel ? i had thought that you weren't as cold as you sometimes seemed , but perhaps i was wrong . i had thought you would never ... yes , that is exactly what i feel . so the relationship ended ? well , nothing seems to be boding well for my relationship . i suppose all the wishful thinking in the world isn't going to save me from ... yes , you are probably right . he doesn't want something as serious as i do , and i'm kind of just hurting myself trying to make him be more emotional than he is . maybe i should just give up on him ? it ... i love to sleep . i completely adore my dreams . it is the one time i can just let go , and no one will look down upon me for being unrealistic . i don't have to worry about what people will think or if ... i do agree that these things happen naturally with the right person , but i feel as though we could really have something . that this could just be a speed bump in the road to happiness and to love . ... this is exactly how i feel . i say something that is really important to me , and he reacts by making a joke . and it hurts me so much , because i am trying to be open with him . his joking makes me feel ... i am sooo open with him . i just want him to be open with me . because i've been more open with him than i've ever been with anyone before . i certainly don't want to trick him . i want to have an open ... i would like to use a dating site , but it seems kind of scary and strange . i wouldn't know what to do with myself . dear 9w8 oh , i'm sure about the 5w4 . i have many , many , many five qualities . i read the nine description , and it really didn't fit me . but thank you for the suggestion . i'm very set on my 5w4 . it ... i'm currently in a relationship with someone who keeps his feelings fairly close to his chest . which is okay , usually i do too . but in this particular situation i feel very empty . if he cared about ... i know i am inxx . but the rest is difficult . i am constantly questioning it , even though i get strong scores in ever category for infp in tests . dear part of myself that thinks she may be an intj / infj / intp . you are none of these things . you will never be any of these things . just because an inxx writes something that could have been ... need some love . i'm with randomcouchpotato on this one . i was certainly the tortured soul in high school . of course , i was also very busy trying to be an enfp , which made me seem less tortured , but actually made me ... i would love to be completely silent . but it would bother the people around me , so i suppose i'll never get the chance . no , i'm not afraid of death at all . i don't know what happens in the afterlife , or if we are just gone , but not knowing doesn't scare me . i hope to not be raped and murdered , sure . the actual death ... it makes me happy . lol . and i'm kind of a newbie . but i like feeling normal , if only for a little while . i want the love that is in my head ; the perfect love . but i don't mean that the person has to be perfect . far from it . many of the qualities that i look for in my true love are not considered ... i'm currently in a relationship with someone who doesn't understand the amount of space i need . i avoid him sometimes and we recently had a break . i don't want to break up with him , and like him a ... the wise accept reality without being resigned to it . when i am happy , i can't imagine what it was like to be sad . when i am sad , i can't believe i'll ever be happy . i don't think i'm more unhappy than other people , just more entrenched in that ... if you were over her , then it would be okay to keep her as a friend . but you're not over her . so if you want to get over her , then you would be doing yourself a favor by blocking her . oh , me too . i have seen him , and he seems happy while i am here dying a little bit inside . i feel like an awful person for saying this , and i would never wish him pain , but his happiness makes my ... i can't offer you advice , but i can say that i feel very similarly . i think infps hold love and relationships very highly , and when they don't work after we have put so much of ourselves into them , ... results your moralising quotient is : 0.21 . your interference factor is : 0.00 . your universalising factor is : 0.00 . well , that was icky . i completely agree with everything that is said here . a month is nothing to lose and everything to gain . i would ask someone on a group date instead of a one one one because i would be afraid that i wouldn't be able to make enough conversation , and a group takes the pressure off of me . oh , there are too many scary people on the internet for that . plus , i like my anonymity . it is like a warm blanket for my identity . oh , it makes me sad . the one in our community went under and i cried . ( just a little bit . i have some great childhood memories at that bookstore . ) a double major in finance and accounting . then on to law school . i have eight , which is normal for me . hello ! why'd you choose to come to perc ? we're both the same enneagram type ! i'm the first female on this thread ! the first three drinks make me such a flirt . then four comes and pushes me over the edge on to why doesn't anyone l-love m-me ? * sob * . it gets even less pretty after that . i'm a little bit late at being new . . . lol . i was intending to , but then i got distracted by looking at my cat's eyes . which i think might be quite typical . oh , me ! me ! i love that feeling when you barely know a person and you think you're attracted to them , but you really aren't sure yet . you imagine what it must be like to talk to them , wonder if ... i was awful at it , and it bored me . i have this same question . i get typed as infp , but i think i may be infj . i am not afraid of conflict , unlike the infp profile . i am decisive , unlike the infp profile . i am disorganized , unlike ... when you make decisions , do you regularly take into consideration other people's feelings ? it doesn't need to be in a kind way , just that when you do something , if you think i wonder how this will ... oh , i've got like half of these and i only think i'm pathetic once a month or so . ( although , at this point i've narrowed it down to three stuffed animals ... and one of them is me sized . ) i sometimes feel like this too . i almost always test infp , and every letter on its own seems to fit , but . . . when i look at the individual functions , i get si ne ( or ni ) ti fi . which i know isn't ... '