' intj hermione granger . especially after she figured out her hair situation . on that note : an unwanted fetus is basically a parasite . it's living off of you while you resent it more each day . i think my opinion is more unpopular than yours . i actually like that phase where children ask why constantly , like after everything you say . if you diligently answer everything , most stop after five to ten questions . yeah , many including myself . ( 1988 ) i really like the quiz resource feature . you have made a lot of great suggestions , but i was wondering if you could keep links to the quizzes , as a directory of free quizzes on the internet . i agree ... he's my boyfriend , and i love him . i meant it as a metaphor . i should have said it was july in iowa in my heart . why didn't i think of it ? oh shit , then what i really said was that this person leaves me cold . : bored : this makes me happy and i have no idea why . oh cruel world ! i agree with this one . i think rejecting someone because you care is just a guy thing ... and totally illogical . this happens a lot where i live . i generally give them about five seconds and then honk . a light tap isn't rude . the horn is your only way of communicating with other drivers besides the blinker ... i know what you mean . a little over five years ago , i was really into protest marches . i enjoyed the traveling and the exercise , but i always felt like i couldn't work up the emotion that everyone ... just the other day i had the brilliant idea of building a fort out of my books . when it scares you to come to the thinker thread and realize that it's a bunch of t people empathizing with each other . ahhh ! ! ! : shocked : see , i can easily lay down the law in any given situation , especially with small children . the problem is i feel very silly and inside i am laughing at myself . i think the smarter ones can tell . well , actually there are already robotic limbs for amputees . been thinking about this , it actually could help a lot of people out . your handwriting reminds me a lot of my own . you know your a thinker when you're watching house m . d . and a patient projectile vomits blood everywhere and your only reaction is to take another bite of your ice cream . feelings can be a mask too , especially when used to manipulate . you know you're a thinker when it comes as a shock to you that not everyone thinks as much as you do . ti moment : i was homesick at summer camp when i was eleven or so and kind of worried so i was ... maybe this isn't an n thing because i showed it to my lead teacher who is esfp and she saw it too . you know you're an intuitive when you wonder if darner's avatar's donkey always had those cool wraparound sunglasses . they said every animal . what about the animals that were already in the sea . wouldn't that be a pointless waste of space . i also wonder about marsupials--kangaroos and koalas . did they even have ... you know you're an intuitive when the spoon marks on the bottom of a bowl of yogurt polished off by a ravenous toddler look to you like an angry chimp . i would read your worldview . how do you figure it out ? what are the clues ? i don't know where i would be without my isfj mom . her talents are my weaknesses . you know you're a perceiver when you read an article on wikipedia , click the first link , read that article , clicked the first link and so on and so on until you have started reading 50 wikis and ... i like watching people and trying to figure them out , so in the end it is worth the extra time spent . and suddenly , candle in the wind by elton john plays in my head ... the marilyn version . that is something feeling related that thinkers can be really good at , cheering people up with jokes , especially xxtp . empathy is a type of solution . it just takes longer and isn't as efficient . and just because it worked last week doesn't mean it will work the same way again . it's not a principle and it isn't ... well , they do sometimes , like when you put gas in your car so you can get to work , or when you tie your shoes so they don't fly off and hit your coworkers in the head . however , both means and ends ... sometimes , i think the extroverted intuition can take the place of feeling and make us more aware of emotions . but that doesn't mean we are feelers . n can also make people seem sensitive--they are , ... thinking types can be pretty empathetic too . also , like the use of the phrase , bullspit . i once had a friend in high school who always wore her hair in two buns like scary spice . one day , i commented , your hair looks like ears--bear ears . i meant it as a compliment but she was livid ... i think that the impulse to provide solutions is a form of empathy . it may just be hard for us to believe we don't have to do much more than be empathetic . i feel a bit uneasy myself when trying to ... i have done this before , only writing a letter in my head but not irl and then having to come back and do it for real . esfp then . it's the average of the three guesses because 2 are e and 2 are s while i and n only have one each . i agree with this , though i still need to read the book . other characters played by that actress ( agnes in the poker house , the girl from frozen river ) also seem istp . the s variable was the hardest ... i could see ni , because it increases the ability to worry about the dangers of sharing a toilet with the maid . well , maybe hilly doesn't succeed , but she definitely tries to be when she skeeter is procrastinating on putting her initiative into the junior league newsletter . i feel like constantine would be infp . she's very inspiring . hilly just seemed much to scary and threatening to be esfj ... maybe i just don't spend enough time around them though . what do you think ? skeeter - intp hilly estj : angry :: crazy : elizabeth lefolt esfj abeline-infj minnie-estp celia foote esfp that guy who can't handle skeeter--entp charlotte phelan--estj ... correction of correction of correction--am intp ... final . whoo . :p : confused : trigonometry . i thanked you because you are awesome . what if you went to a buddhist monastery or something--some sort of retreat . you would meet like minded people who like being quiet and not buying stuff . : shocked : i actually didn't . i really just stared at the screen , transfixed . i still enjoy that movie . i like da vinci a little more . he was a true renaissance man and would have made a much better dinner guest than michelangelo . as a consummate artist , the better one was michelangelo though . yeah , i did more research because i was puzzled on p / j and ti / te . so , i've changed it . still nt though , so it may be relevant . i bounce back and forth between orderly and whimsical so it's hard to ... 1 . it really depends on the time period , doesn't it . i've been all sorts of ways . i was quite mad when i came here the first time , under a different name and had bounced from madness to sanity many ... '