' discussions are always worth it . but i find this with so many infp's . the no one understands me issue . some infp's assume they aren't understood , when in reality all it is is that someone like me ... yes , but i know the difference with someone being appreciative and someone being needy . like i said unless i'm in an intimate relationship wherein i could tolerate neediness to a point , then it comes ... retorts the one that has contributed by linking simpsons videos . life exists because we were created . there are many theories as to our purpose . but no it was not an accident , we're not accidents or amino acids reacting etc . find yourself and you may find your ... by friend zone i mean , i friend zoned her and i couldn't get her out of that even though she liked me and her being older seemed to play a part in that . and yeah i wouldn't date a woman younger or ... well no it is not about my pride , it's purely a matter of what they draw out of me . a younger girl draws from me a different energy than an older one . and yes i am generalizing and i actually have ... oh , i see what you mean , basically she won't feel younger to me by then , i'm not sure it would make much difference though . and even at the younger age the competitiveness can be triggered , it's just ... but you said i'd be 65 and she's 60 , she's younger so there wouldn't really be that issue . not in the same way . also that is over 30 years away so it is hard for me to visualize what would happen ... i am not sure , that's a very vague question , not sure which angle to answer it from . yeah now a days it is messed up and probably many women are the care takers . and as for me i haven't quite dissected why i find it unnatural , i just find her being younger adds to my perception of ... because he should be stronger , and she's the weaker vessel . plus she is the one that has the ability to nurture a life inside her , and as a species it is built into our instinct to protect that aspect ... in probably more cases than not men take longer to mature , so it is safe to assume it would be hard to find a man 10 years younger that is at the same maturity level . even a 6 yr older man was so ... personally a woman being older than me is a slight turn off . they can be up to 10 years younger than me as long as they are legal , and aren't immature little kardashians , or wannabe's . but in any ... i am very not intj sorry . dang first impressions are a whole new level with you then . although i am skeptical about people , i usually expect that they have more to offer than to take away ... always look forward to your formulaic responses . i am extremely forgiving , and i will forgive when there is an admittance that they wronged me with their lies , or whatever it is that broke my ... no homo though . honesty . the truth and nothing but the freaking truth . i don't care for sugar coating , i don't care for partial truth , partial stories , half truths , need to know basis . tell me it all or tell me ... i didn't even have to read the entire post to realize one thing . he is looking for a better girl than you . in the mean time gets to keep you exclusively for sex , once he finds a girl , you're done ... just telling how it is , is enough to make them feel pedestrian . intp and intj hugfest . imagine a real life meetup of all intj and intp . and everyone has to hug it out . when in need of hugs come say hi to the beehive of intp's that's the problem with this kind of thing , you risk being kicked around like a ball , need to pick out the good advice from the jabs . i believe you had good intentions , but sometimes it's our actions ... 495154 i didn't read all the replies so i'm not sure if someone already covered this . not justifying his logging on to okc , but it would have been better if before assuming everything if you'd engaged him ... as an intp the most intriguing and interesting type for me is intj . why do you want to know if he likes talking to you ? do you like him , or do you just like talking to him ? science is a vague term , but yes generally in some aspect i think it's not a myth but liking it isn't inherent to being intp . math absolutely . math is truth . i know exactly what you mean , in that case i'd know it's not my business to know it all , but i can't be fully invested in offering my advice or opinions with out the entire picture so they probably ... i agree and it's cool to hear someone else understand what this is about . i guess the problem is finding the right balance and timing for the other person to feel comfortable with the concept that ... i won't ask again for a while , but yeah to me it's more of a reality check of where things actually are . ultimately i uncover every thing under every nook and cranny , only until then i believe trust ... i didn't bring it up , they did in relation to something else and when i pushed for clarification it was a lets not talk about this . so i let it go . this situation can happen in close relationships with someone , or with a potential significant other . it can also happen when told to work on something and all the details are not presented and i get ... you're using an avatar i used to use when i felt an overwhelming feeling of nothingness . felt like commenting on that . judgmental is a really vague word . every single person with a functioning brain judges in some form or another . so i think you just need to take what he is saying the way he is trying to say it ... the only intj i talk to regularly i debate with . the thing is , 95 % of the time our debate turns into solving a problem . and usually we either solve it together in the end , or we invent some wacky ... where are the back dimples . the ones right above the rear ? i think intp girls are much diff than the guys , and i think she might have found the puns funny , but didn't know how to express it so she commented on what she knew how to comment on . it might take a ... flower of life . geometric symbolism . i've only had infp friends not partners . i found them as friends way too clingy . i suspect as partners it may be worse . however i'd probably be more tolerant in that case who knows . the connection ... i've only had infp friends not partners . i found them as friends way too clingy . i suspect as partners it may be worse . however i'd probably be more tolerant in that case who knows . the connection ... i'll hug your dads i think all these scores are subjective . what we think of ourselves and the score we give ourselves is subjective . she could be stepping on my face and i can still give her a 10 and it makes no ... i think someone else said it too , it depends on the person or people . or where i am . but generally i think i might come across as neither friendly nor cold . maybe a 5 . i thought you were a 10 with me though . thanks i have been looking through that and i can see intp and entp have the same functions but pretty much reversed i think . as for istp , the entire description is really not me haha . thanks for ... so i just took the test again cause i have been having doubts . and i got intp type a in the test i took . however the reasons i doubt my intpness is for the following reasons but i am not sure ... can't have it both ways . if a woman came to me and said that to me it's over right then and there . don't marry or want to marry someone you don't have a full range of attraction for . it is not the ... has anyone seen the bodies ? all i see is the same handful of body bags , and live people that don't look that injured . we're all messed up ;D '