' comprehensive enneagram quiz : you are a type 4 with a 5 wing : the bohemian your tritype is 4w5 , 7w6 , 9w1 . selectsmart : the individualist ( type four ) - ( 100 % ) the peacemaker ( type ... mum : isfj dad : enfp the arcade fire - sprawl ii ( mountains beyond mountains ) love the lyrics . aesop rock - daylight i've had symptoms of ocd since i was very young , but only got diagnosed and helped with medication at the age of fourteen or so . a similar story with my anxiety . my best friend is an intp . in some ways we're quite similar . we both like our own space and are quite reversed in social situations for one thing . dad , you make little comments about how you wish an actor who plays a character you love wasn't playing a gay person . you make little statements like this on quite a regular basis . how could i tell ... chaotic good chaotic good - a chaotic good character acts as his conscience directs him with little regard for what others expect of him . he makes his own way , but he's kind and benevolent . he ... the field - is this power my bloody valentine - when you sleep hello , welcome to the forum :) i am in love with this thread . super furry animals - it's not the end of the world ? very much to the left bisexual you're friendly , warm and genuinely compassionate about other people . and have brilliant quotes . : happy : earthbound soundtrack . : crazy : very humble and sometimes shy , and a kind and thoughtful person who thinks about others before themselves . and values knowledge and wit if you're a ravenclaw ! xd i have had cbt for my ocd and anxiety disorders , and it helped . i'm fascinated by conspiracy theories , but i don't believe in many . i don't know what to say other than i really do relate . this summer i had so many chances and i missed so many opportunities , and i kept beating myself up over it all . i hope this helps ... in ... i really hated maths . i loathed p . e . : sad : english . i also enjoy sociology and ethics . i'm currently playing ffvii after finishing xiii ( which i loved ! ) because i played vii so long ago and didn't finish it and had forgotten everything . so much fun . i love all the characters and ... i'm a scorpio . wow , it's strange how many of us infps have water signs ... i also dislike capitalism . i really relate to this . my best friend is an intp . some of my other friends : infj , entp , esfp once this is over the little things will seem so much more . i'm always singing but don't want anyone to hear . =( mandrakes . i have to wear ear plugs when i handle them . i adore shoegaze . my bloody valentine are my favourite band . <3 hello ! : happy : welcome to the site , ang ! hi ms dee i think a trackback is when another website links to the topic . i think : unsure : hello . good to have more estjs ! :p roud : 5 ' 2 :p roud : i don't want to do my work . argh this topic is so great =D i wish i could go xd i think all types can be evil , though perhaps fuelled for different reasons . unkle - mayday oh wow . that was creepy . xd i don't believe this sorta stuff but - haha ! so true . i'm way more talkative online . one of my best friends is an infj and he was one of the only people who was equally invested in wacky flights of fantasies and hour long discussions about aliens as me . xd thom yorke is an infp ... is he ? could he be ? sometimes when i'm with people i don't know i try and seem less ... me . though i've stopped doing that so much when i realised i wasn't so bad after all . :) when you sit down at 1:30 with a spare piece of paper and start doodling , get a cool idea , and then look up at the clock thinking its a few minutes later and its 3 in the morning and your ' scribble ' ... i kinda dislike buying my friends ' presents . did i get them the right thing ? will they like it ? i spend ages deciding . > _ > a sense of belonging . : crazy : that might sound weird . my bloody valentine - when you sleep hiya there ! i'm more a roombody than a homebody . xd '