' well , how do you start and keep up a conversation ? tips and tricks ? adaptable formulas ? particularly , how do you start one ? i as dry as a dodecahedron . despite all my genius , i flat-out have no ... i'm also 5w4 . i've noticed this as well , but i don't think we grow more distant , i just think we pay more attention to our distance . in a situation with a third party , i just don't have anything to ... counselor wanted me to fill out an personal get to know you sheet . i said , nah , man . i jus ' carry on wit my trubbled self . i wish that's what i said . frequently , i'm required to give out my ... as was mentioned above , contingency plans and adaptations may as well be used ... those are smart . also , i would recommend not being so strict with your schedule . i understand the need for rigorous ... i admire your ruthlessness . my brother gave me a hawk feather he found on the ground . he thought it was cool until he realized i had dysentery . i feel similarly . i hate texting ; i can only use the literal meanings of words with it . no tone , no sarcasm , and it is significantly more difficult to express ideas . it's not as bad through typing . i ... but something was awry . it was shrinking , getting smaller . it seemed boring , one might go so far as to describe it as ... arial ! * unanimous gasp * i instantly became nothingness - oblivion . i was gone , darkness , black . then , there was ... the spiders were only there in the first place because they were evicted for not paying their mortgage ! technically , the glass is always full , just half water and half air . edit : i just realised somebody already posted this . damn . i'm having a hard time balancing the square-with-diagonals of : school , sleep , exercise , and friends . do you have a balanced schedule ? do you have a plan for what to do to maximize efficiency ? ... are there any red flags that alert you to a certain type ? any obvious indications ? sorry if this thread seems forced . i might just be too lazy to search harder . edit : i forgot to apologize if ... each post in this thread will add a new sentence to the story . also , no endings . i want this to go on for as long as possible . on a scale of inchworm to socktuppet , it should be 6π ^ lemniscate in ... myself . time for you to go to the places you all write cryptic allegories which everyone assumes to be an allegory but really it's just your brain taking a shit . i don't know how to make spoilers . if i ... let's imagine that i make a thread . this potential thread would be all about hypotheticals and radically strange ideas . i would ask people to post them here for the purpose of entertainment . for ... it very much depends on how much you value the people this problem affects . here are some scenarios . say you're selfish . people of all sorts disgust you . choose option a . i'm not saying that if ... i've never followed the movement very closely . what have they done to the benefit of the people ? what have they done to the benefit of the county ? do they think those are the same things ? why are ... . ^ i'll start my post by finishing a sentence i've noticed that i reveal a lot of my inner workings and confide and vent in my intp friend far more than anyone else , except possibly my mom . ... i hear this all the time on perc . what's the actual science that supposedly makes who attracted to who ? if so , what qualities are expressed by either type that make each type attracted to each ... i can't decide . the internet : i'd know everything about everything . a satellite : space , supah-speed , lasers ' n high tech crap hahahahaha . i find this thread hilarious as i can not empathize with it at all . how would you describe the humour that you like ? name elements . stuff like pain and misery . i'm into dark , random / unexpected , and sometimes completely nonsensical jokes . i like the comedian ... i'm very sorry . i personally find disappointment worse than sadness or anger . anthony jesselnik has much more sophisticated humour , and i like him as well . i was not high , i was not drunk . this ... i saw this while my brother was watching tv , and it has been the only thing to make me laugh out loud in i-can't-remember . how would you describe this humour ? also , sorry for the terrible video , its ... what can be used to rile a majority ( let's assume not as intelligent as us ) of the population aside from controversial debates such as religion ? injustice metaphorically stubs my toe and then ... what does power originate from ? not physical power , but political or social power over people or a person . this also goes along with machiavelli's debate of fear and respect . can power originate ... i know , i'm glad somebody noticed . i couldn't think of anything too terrible that have happened to me , that's why i didn't write anything originally . any of my worst moments ( which aren't that bad ) ... simple interest , what i should watch out for in myself , and what i can do to piss off my best friend , an intp . what has been the single worst moment you've experienced while / because you were interacting with people ? share your anecdotes . edit : mine would have to be when i had to server saturday ... so , what was your worst experience with an intj ? this is a filler sentence . edit : not that these are bad responses , but i was looking for personal anecdotes . i should have specified . i've forgotten to bring my backpack to school at least three times . i'm not comfortable with you guys understanding me ... how do you express anger ? i have an entj friend and when you anger him , he expects you to know what you've done and exactly why this makes him mad . this is particularly troublesome when you did ... we could assign one to each attendee as a personal servant . we'll use istjs for our henchmen intps . they make the best pets . ... it was second grade the class is given a coloring worksheet you solve the problems , you get the answer , you color the consequently labeled section it was school themed the word was ' class ' , ... a good bout of size-related abuse or mental fuckery usually lets my victim - uh , i mean information source to reveal truthful information . well , if google worked for you , i'll be right back ... let's say we all magically get along . what then ? what could all the intjs of this forum do if they collaborated ? after reading the thread on intjs and crime , i thought , if one of us can possibly lead an organised crime syndicate , what could all ... i know some of us feel no emotion , but to those who do ... what makes you feel ? what emotions are triggered ? logical fallacies and current politics make me chop off my own head using a carrot . i understand now . definitely intj . my reassurance peaked when i realised that i bend given rules to my needs ( one of my needs being leisure ) . if something doesn't make sense or is pointless , i do ... you guys are like english teachers . i laugh at your brains , trying so hard to understand . you make me smile . you are my favorite type . you make good pets . it's not an allegory at all . it's a joke . a ... holes . dig a hole . not something weak . you dig a measly home for a puddle and they'll be like , what's your problem ? ! are you the kind of person who just goes around digging potholes ? you ... being born . 1 . alvin and the chipmunks 2 . hoommi-mongolian throat singing 3 . start wearing purple well , i have no stance on harry potter , but my love language is pig latin . cop . most definitely cop . i deal with responsibility well . i sign up , pass the exams , i am issued my equipment , note the gun . i earn the respect of my superiors , gain trust , rise within the ranks of ... did you get the memo ? world domination by poisoned donut is next week . '