' i remember back in junior high , i was a new student , and i shared a name with this really outgoing popular tomboy girl in class . she's pretty chill and i admired her for it . her best friend , though , ... in a few months i'm not going to be in my teen year anymore and i feel like i'm missing out in so many things in life . some will say my life is just getting started , but what's worse than not ... i believe i don't qualify as a liar per se , although i have experienced countless times where i fail myself in fulfilling the promises i make to other people . that always makes me feel like real ... oh don't get me wrong . i don't hate psychopaths or sociopaths . i was just saying that nobody's bad from birth . and even til people get older , i believe nobody is truly evil . psychopaths and ... i apologize . i probably shouldnt've said it the way i said it . in fact , i probably shouldnt've said anything at all regarding your case . but hey , if you wanna talk , hit me up anytime ! :) i'm sorry you had to go through that .. :( those people who call you evil are just ignorant palookas k , don't mind em . honestly , i don't really have friends in real life and i can somewhat ... does myself count ? i'm just like this . i'm infp , and though i'm what most would consider a really kind person , i tend to always feel such strong dislike towards whoever treats me unkindly or unfairly or if one ... i hate that i'm always so whiny ( oh look here i go again ) . it's just that i don't have anyone to talk to . and i'm not just saying that to sound cool and different and ooh i'm so special - - just , no ... ah , infps and isfps are rather hard to differentiate , yes . i wouldn't say one couldn't be an infp if one could not comprehend philosophical books though , haha . sure , infps usually get these things , ... hey , welcome to perc ! i know that intps are awesome so it's great to have an addition of an awesome user here . have fun , stranger ! :) well , you've summed it up very well . i'm an infp though . sleeping for me is a chore . it's really hard for me to fall asleep , even though i actually really like sleeping ( you know , once i'm ... asthma's coming back :( i wonder how gordon ramsay's salmon en croute tastes like . is it as tasty as it looks ? is it ? is it ? ? ? do you like to express yourself through what you wear ? is it important to you ? i usually just throw things on . eh , not usually , actually . more like all the time . most of my clothes aren't even ... i'm very quiet in real life , but when someone brings up a topic that really touches my heart , i'd be the one doing all the talking . i'd talk long and wide about it for a long time , but the things i ... it hasn't been solved exactly - - i haven't even met her yet . and even if i did , i know i wouldn't be able to just solve the problem right away . thanks for making me feel better about myself and making ... ugh i know right . it's their friggin ' sexy accent . wish i could sound as good as them ... haha , japanese can be a bit troublesome . : frustrating : is english not your first language ? man i wish i could turn to be an nt type ... from the mbti theory though , your type really couldn't be changed ... unless maybe some overly traumatic or big thing happened to you . but still , your ... for the happiest type , i personally think estps tend to seem as though they're always happy . i don't know if they really are , ' cause i've never really got close to one . life just looks so easy for ... i'm much more ' extroverted ' online . i constantly chat with people - - i always chat with people , actually . through facebook or the like . if i don't chat with anyone , it makes me feel empty and bored ... because most people work or go to school on monday-friday . people specifically hate their mondays because they sure as hell know their week is about to start . i mean like , after a monday , there's ... damn , i love you ! lol . i'll take your words . :p roud : thanks for this . * hugs * i'll try to embrace my shyness and awkwardness ( again , ' cause i tried before , and i failed ) and maybe i'll live a ... because people only care what's written on papers . if there's no paper stating that you graduated from college , then people don't respect you as much as they do to other people your age who do have a ... buuump . yeah ... that's the best way to put it , i'm her taxi service lol . really , i'm taking deep consideration about this . i really want to do this , yet my guts have not yet kicked in yet . thanks ... wow , i'm sorry you had to go through what i'm going through . really , despite all my personal problems , i wish no one else has to go through the shits i go through . i guess that's how we infps are , ... okay . would you do the honor of being my friend ? : kitteh : yeah you're right . people can indeed change . i just hope the best for her . i don't hate her , i'm just exceedingly annoyed and pissed at ... lol , maybe i'll do that once i'm ready . as for now , i'll just try to stay alive . thanks for your support , it really means a lot . :) it's terrifying . especially considering the fact that i'm basically friendless in college , and she's ... friendful ? coming onto her is just going to make matters worse . she's not going to ... it's still holidays and i'm making the best of it by ... being alone . and i'm basically making my life brighter right now by ignoring her texts and calls , lol . there comes a time though , where ... would you learn those languages ? or perhaps you already speak them ? you gave me chills . i just read the whole thing ... and that is so like me . lucky you , that's still pretty normal though ! wish i could sleep that fast ... : sad : and yes with having so much thoughts in our heads , it makes it sooo much harder to sleep . people think that this girl that i really dislike is my best friend . obviously , they're wrong . i knew this girl since the beginning of college . we were in the same classes . she's a really popular ... want to know how to hack through life in order fasten time so that you'd never have to live through the horrible , horrible present ? sleep . i've always loved french , but i can't ever seem to pronounce the words right ... :d ry : i like japanese and italian as well , but french will always be number one to my ears ! what do you guys ... you bought me a present ? why would you do such a thing ? i know you think you're being generous , but the foundation of gift giving is reciprocity . you haven't given me a gift , you've given me an ... this really made my day . yay more infp ! welcome ! hope you'll like it here ! <3 ugh . so i guess that means i'm very sleep deprived . : sad : maybe i should try finding new ways to fall asleep easily . writing , sketching , reading , whatever . you were a kindergarten teacher ? how lucky ! i really don't know how to help you here . i'm rather confused too now . but like i said before , the only person who can define who you are is you ... what exactly happened that caused you to lose faith in people ? how do you feel now that you're like this ? do you feel not as ' energized ' as you used to now that you don't go out and socialize as ... really , these days you shouldn't count on online tests . they're not always accurate . in fact , they rarely are . you should ask yourself the easiest question when it comes to the whole ... i know people don't exactly ' time ' how fast they sleep , but yeah . how long do you think you can fall into sleep ? is it weird that i can't sleep unless i lay down in bed for like 2-4 hours ? ... an online karaoke ? ? ? : o i've never heard of it , and i'm nowhere a good singer , but i'd go and try it for sure . i judge myself now because of this though , lol . ugh , yeah . i wonder what shampoo he uses . i have chaotic long frizzy hair , and i need to know his hair treatment secrets . and have you ever ... i've heard of so many kefka vs sephiroth nonsense on the net , but i honestly don't think that's a fair comparison . ' badass'-wise , kefka wins . power-wise , kefka wins . and sure , kefka did take over the ... introverts get their energy from their time alone . introverts don't get their energy from being around people .  ... so that , friend , makes you an extrovert . '