' when i'm not at a busy part in my life , i'll keep everything in my head . when i'm uni , and their is so much going on - i stick post it notes all around my workspace . i also find it very important ... i like you tends to work : tongue : interpersonal thinkers : like to think about other people , and try to understand them recognise differences between individuals and appreciate that different people have different perspectives ... i can't speak for others , but i quite enjoy that sort of thing ... : cool : i'm not certain , but do you pronounce you name like a certain character from ' a game of thrones ' ? i should watch tv actually ! ... i tend to just wait until they are online and watch things that way ... i enjoy reading all of your comments , but i feel perhaps i've gave out the wrong message . i accept who i am . when i mentioned about bullying , i was trying to show how that kind of crap shapes who we ... thanks for responding :-] yeah i give of the same feel when i'm around people i don't really know ( like in a lecture hall or something ) but yeah , i was subject to a lot of name calling when i ... thought i would leave it a few days before actually posting ha . i'll try and give a little background information first . don't read if you don't like .. spoilers .. ? first off , i was bullied ... hmm .. i meant it in a imagine if your bf just read that kind of way ;D well ... in fact , i'm not even going into it ! moving swiftly on .. 45464 ( i try to avoid using pictures , but sometimes they can express how i feel easier than typing it out ha ) i do boring things , but i feel the need to clarify that the one thing i hate the most is being bored . i guess i enjoy sitting in the bath for hours . starts off dead hot , then by the time i'm done ... hmm .. again with the winnie the pooh haha ;D haha i like it . i was listening to tdkr soundtrack if that helps explain the comparison ;] i feel the only way i could live up to the question is if i responded with i'm the batman but alas , i'm not ... i'll respond when i rise , got to go crime fig ... i mean sleep . i have to go sleep ... i didn't realise how relevant winnie the pooh was till i made this thread .. ;P you seemed to have missed the point - just move on . it's not necessary to argue something until one victor is left standing . one of the hardest things to do in the world is to convince someone they ... come on guys , just relax ! any differences that you are having shouldn't be taken out in public . just move on :) i had the same thing with the achievements . i don't think they actually stick though , so don't worry about it ! .. hey ! i like to use exclamation marks so that when you read my messages , you shout ... yeah a few members mentioned it in my intro thread . these are the results if you're interested [ it seems to make more sense to others than myself ! ] you are a type 6 with a 5 wing : the defender ... i appreciate where you're coming from , i didn't have the best of time wording it . but following on from what you said , it's that i acknowledge we all fall under the istj type , which in itself tells a ... well that's fine ! . it's a pretty open question , but what we like surely plays a part in defining who we are . some people will have thought more about this question than others . it could mean ... oh hey , i didn't get to see it D: do share ! not so vague then ;D i appreciate what you're saying , but that defeats the purpose of my question . i don't want someone else's opinion of who you are , but who you think you are ;] right . so to start things off . i acknowledge this thread has probably been done in some way or another in here in the past , but it's probably 3 years old . so in here , we all collaborate under the ... ah , the wit . welcome . thanks for responding ! i think i follow most of what you're saying . in relation to the second paragraph though : i by no means will be defined by a personality type . it's more a case of hey , i ... finally got the balls to upload a profile picture . this place must be magic or something .. ( considering i absolutely hate having my picture snapped ) i knew something was off when you used the virgin to describe this as your first forum hah . welcome ! why thank you ! music personal space something to do - being bored drives me insane .. ( which , speaking of which , i have 2 months of nothing before i go back to uni . kill me ... ) about it . i knew i would struggle ... yeah it is pretty hard to explain . i think it's probably easier to look at it as being introverted rather than extroverted . for me anyway . and i don't know if you have tried typing with gloves , ... : o thank you for the links . i'm still not completely sure what the definitions are of each set , but i guess you assumed correctly ha . much appreciated ! i just stopped : l when you realise what's done is done and you can't do anything about it ( exception would be when you interact with other people ) then it's just a waste of time . like after ... i feel i shouldn't have to explain mine .. but i always seem to have cold fingers .. i make some many spelling mistakes simply because they're cold and it becomes harder to type . ah i used to hate that film . was gonna watch it on netflix the other week . i got about 5 minutes in and i said i don't want to do this to myself and turned the film off ! damn my parents for ... i'm not acquainted enough yet to start throwing out names , but we could tip someone off to change their personality type and to starting interesting threads .. and true . while i'm not fully revised ... how about we employ some people from the opposite side to make threads for us ? ! i don't know about others , but making threads has never really been my cup of team .. i'll be honest , when i'm reading posts on this forum , a lot of it just goes straight over my head .. i'll just stick to the welcome forum i think - things be pretty simple around here .. but i'll ... found a test on here , here are the results if you're interested you are a type 6 with a 5 wing : the defenderyour tritype is 6w5 , 2w1 , 1w9 . i'm very very rarely scared these days : l but i used to be terrified of films as a kid , such as the world ending , or twisters .. ah ok . isn't 9 a little to vague ? i find it pretty funny that my degree which i am studying is surveying - matches quite well with the description on a istj ... what is that ? yeah i'll try . doesn't look like there is much to post about though : l i demand a recipe ! i don't feel i have the right to welcome you here , but still ... hello blood howdy . for a crazy long time i have always been really self-aware of the things i do and think . this lead me to believe i wasn't as much as a personality , rather just someone who just watches ... '