' thanks for the compliment and welcome , niss . i may lurk from time to time :) yes , in my experience , when having emotions about big things that require analyzation or thinking through , i will be pretty emotionless until i've decided how to deal with it or understood why i felt ... my advice when you do have your talk is try not to be overly emotional and ask him for the truth , explaining that understanding is the only thing that will help your relationship / or if it's over , ... yeah , we are . all of my serious relationships have been with fps too . i dated an isfp for 3 years , then an enfp for a year , and then this isfp this year . also my bro and dad are isfp so i have a lot ... yeah , i've come to the conclusions that he still hasn't dealt with his feelings in his past relationships which have all ended up blowing up in his face pretty badly . i realized that he had said ... yeah , the past few days have been hard . it would be easier if he could tell me that there was something wrong with us . he says he got a feeling that he didn't want to marry me at that point ( and ... hey all , i've come across a rather odd scenario with an isfp and i wanted to hear your insight on what you think you would be feeling in a scenario like this . any opinions are appreciated . i ... istj with isfp . 4 months , but our connection is wild . i feel like i've found my soul mate . and i didn't believe in soul mates before ... being full of yourself is a combination of having insecurity about yourself while simultaneously seeing your abilities as defining you and needing to be superior to others around you . in this sense , ... deleted nylonneonleon that's extremely admirable for you to have already pieced together the flaws of being a young istj . you are exactly right and with time and with that awesome brain of yours , you will ... i can speak as a workaholic istj . i have 3 jobs and am a student in college still . work makes me feel good about myself . like i can achieve things and am desired for my skill sets . however , when i've ... so i've been digging this guy for a while but things are complicated . i'm pretty sure he is an isfp . i met him years ago during high school , but now 6-7 years later , we hung out through a mutual ... i've cheated before several times in school . honestly , if the content doesn't matter , i'm not going to use it again , then i don't feel like it really matters . as long as i learn the material that is ... when people treat me or people i care about with disrespect . i will give them a piece of my mind . i definitely get an infj reading and my best friend is an infj . you seem organized and planning oriented / responsible , which seems j to me . the first thing that stuck out to me was your ... i have pretty high self esteem . my mom , who is also an istj , suffers from lower self esteem . for me , i get low self-esteem when i see a pattern of mistakes that i've made . i feel like i'm in a ... lack of creative thought . no one is taught to think anymore . information is there but kids aren't learning the skills of coming to thoughts on their own or thinking deeply . i get into this thing where i feel weird and i look at the events to see what the catalyst was . even if deep down i know what the catalyst is , i get into the habit of telling myself you shouldn't ... istjs want to prove how awesome we are . also as a gamer women , we're used to men seeing us as inferior gamers . don't show her that you buy into that stereotype . we are competitive . it's fine to ... in my experience , commitment isn't the problem for istjs . it's overcommitment . she tried to balance too many things and can't handle the stress . she has prioritized and decided to cut you out . she ... krisena - i share this situation with you . my best friend is an infj and our relationship works for the same reasons you said yours does . you have to have mutual respect and understanding for each ... set one : 1 : how old are you ? 24 2 : what was your favorite subject in grammar school ? grammar school ? 3 : what did you want to be when you grew up ? teacher 4 : do you enjoy reading ? if so , ... i loved lincoln logs and legos equally . video games , i do like rpgs and strategy . i love civilization v , might and magic , i also played world of warcraft in a hard core guild back in the day . i ... this is exactly how i feel . i think istjs are great , i mean , i am one , but i don't need to be with someone who is thinks just like me . i like the balance of being with someone different than me and i ... i'm very good with money . i rarely spend money on things i don't need or items i haven't researched and am not sure how useful it will be to me . i got my first credit card about a year ago and ... yeah , i don't think i should worry about it i suppose . here's a question though : i've been pretty open about sexual stuff with him . i make a lot of dirty jokes ( it's partially how i flirt , but ... sorry if i typed it confusingly ! we were on a date , went back to his place to chill for a while and while we were there talking on the couch , he looked at his phone and texted someone for a second ... hi all , i just went on a first date with an isfj male whom i met at a party last month . we had been talking online quite a lot ( didn't hang out because he was studying for a grad test ) but when he ... smart ! less than you'd think heh . :P about 1/3 on pages 1 and 2 . then you get into all the personalitycafe stuff and it's all me lol . ask her what you want to know . be straightforward . don't try and figure it out and make any assumptions , that usually leads to feelers not knowing at all what i really mean and turns into them being ... makes me think of a trip i took with my family to san francisco . further , the lighting would make me think of when we went to nyc . yes . i play and teach piano for a living . i also create and arrange music . i also took tons of art classes as a kid and love to draw and paint . i actually played wow competitively back in the day and made a shadow priest character ( they use a lot of spells that start with the word ' mind like mind control , mind blast , mind flat , etc ) so i ... yes , i'm aware there are two s's . and like any istj , there is a reason for this . my personal theory is that you are genetically disposed to perceive in a certain way , and could go either way but may be more likely if both parents are ns or s , etc . a lot of families i've seen , ... i'm obviously going on basic trends . not all p types are fluttering around without a plan or drive to complete tasks , but you'll see this is much more prevalent in males under 25 who are p types than ... i've learned the same thing about the people i've dated . i dated an isfp and an enfp seriously and they helped me out of my comfort zone and taught me to be more relaxed and enjoy life more . now i ... it's not that it's an f thing to not have ideas , fps are just less likely to put the details together to make it happen . that defaults to us lol . i redirected this thread into the cognitive functions forum instead . i think it belongs more there , just wanted to see what my istj friends thought ! reposted here : ... i've noticed that the direction isn't really important . a lot of ni people will do it in all kinds of directions . it's the same glazed over dreamy look though that distinguishes it . the si look is a ... there is some sound advice in there , but it's funny to me the things you think that sensors like haha . mainly extroverted sensors are going to be the ones who want the club or bar scene or enjoy ... absolutely . every relationship is going to have it's problems / troubles / issues . even two very similar types will find something to argue about . it's just at what point is the person / relationship ... i'm glad you've found it useful ! i've been confirming this for a few years now and it's always proven true to the people that i have 100 % typed . i also catch myself doing si eye movement all the ... it's true that sometimes we can be short sighted in our thinking , but you can't deny that we get things done , ( albeit in ways we know they will get done ) and fast . we don't spend a lot of time ... thank you all for your words of encouragement ! i appreciate it and it gives me some inner peace . i'm the youngest and still nostalgic . i don't think birth order has anything to do with it . as i get older , i get more and more nostalgic . i'm about to turn 24 which i know isn't old , but i catch myself looking through my old facebook pictures and statuses looking on the past several times ... one of my friends was actually mad at me for not crying about a big break up . i eventually did , but it took me about 4 days . istjs hate to cry , it takes something like a big emotional upheaval to get ... 1 . intellectual stimulation / be able to show me points of view i can't see on my own ( so someone who thinks differently than me ) 2 . someone to help me navigate social situations better 3 . goal ... '