' i just took the cognitive process test here , and this is what i got . cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 11.8 ) ... i realize this is a very old post , but anyway ... i think the missing personality dimension you're referring to is neuroticism . all four of the myers briggs letter correlate with one of the ... this applies to me well too . maybe even though i'm a guy i'm secretly really one of your female entps ? haha . one way in which i feel like i don't fit the typical entp description is that i'm not ... i enjoy the debating , as long as it remains civil . i like debating best when it feels like it's a discussion , a mutual search for truth , rather than a bare knuckled competition for victory . for me , ... this exactly summarizes my emotional intelligence , particularly the last bit . i'm still in my trying-not-to-hurt-or-offend-anyone phase though haha ... really ? no takers at all ? it's alright , you don't have to be an authority to answer the question , you don't even have to know what you're talking about . all opinions , wild conjectures , gossip , and ... i am thoroughly confused about what my type is . as a kid i matched the childhood characteristics of an infp and an entp . then when i was a teenager i became very shy , withdrawn , and intellectual . i ... ok , i really am sorry then . i just assumed you were in the other corner so to speak , i shouldn't have jumped to conclusions just because i wasn't sure what you meant . thanks for the defense . : happy : i'm still confused , but thank you for this . snark · y / ˈsnärkē / adjective : ( of a person , words , or a mood ) critical ; cutting ; testy . it's a fantastic word , don't you think ? it makes me think ... what have i idealized ? and why does it matter that i pointed out the language difference ? more importantly , why are you so snarky all the time ? edit : if curious's interpretation of what you're ... i have not stolen your signature . i was trying to communicate the idea to myjazz that if it's meant to be , it will be , and if it's not , it won't , and i used a set phrase that means the same thing in ... are you for real ? thank you myjazz . qué será , será . just an update to give the thread some closure for now : i sent the letter last tuesday on 8/ 17/2010 , the same evening that i met with the infj friend i mentioned previously who had been in a ... meh . read my previous post . i already preempted this counterargument . i see . i meant that it was reasonable at the time the decision was made . now , i think the rule is outdated , unnecessary , ... it's not about the attention , i assure you . it's just that i'm a very argumentative person lol . seriously , it's my biggest character flaw . you have no idea how much trouble it used to get me into . ... fear was probably a bit of an exaggeration , but yes , and i seek ease that fear . what a fascinating personality conflict this is . your words seem to indicate that to you , what is right and what one ... an mhp , you say . interesting . psychology is my favorite hobby . i can see i should explain myself to you since you know what you're talking about with this sort of thing . you're right , i ... don't you think there's a difference between school rules and the laws of morality ? and just to clarify , do you really think sending this letter is immoral ? the cobra ? please , let's not get that intimate . no , i didn't want to back out of the discussion because like you , i am easily tempted into these sorts of things , even though i know i shouldn't be ... so i'm being unscrupulous by sending the letter , am i ? here's a definition of unscrupulously from yourdictionary.com : not restrained by ideas of right and wrong ; unprincipled i suppose ... if that's really what you meant , alright . however , generally when you say for the sake of argument , you're implying that you don't actually agree the idea in question , but you'd like to set that ... i got the impression from something that myjazz said that he was being disparaging me sending the letter . perhaps i was mistaken . you're right , ad hominems are unnecessary . i certainly don't ... thank you for saying that , it's very sweet of you . i will send it very soon ... myjazz , you are one of the most aggravating people i've ever met . the goal of a true debate should be to have a meeting of the minds , not play 21 rounds of gotcha . quote me the exact text where ... here's the relevant definition of to manipulate from google's dictionary project : control or influence ( a person or situation ) cleverly , unfairly , or unscrupulously . e . g . the masses were deceived ... i have never said that i go to a smart school . i go to a school , period . once again , you cannot change my mind about sending this letter . i've made my decision . um , you just do ? i don't ... i'm curious , do you still think i'm manipulating this girl ? i couldn't agree more . : happy : agreed . i just think one should lay the groundwork for her to make what i believe to be the best decision for me , for her , and for our friends . i like this girl . she's funny , and she's unbelievably sweet . she used to not only tolerate me using french words and talking about existentialist philosophy and whatever other strange things i like ... first , a response to a couple of other comments youx 92ve made : the editing help ix92ve received in this board has been almost entirely geared towards telling me what i can cut out of the letter ... that never happened . read more carefully please . yes . i've said that repeatedly . and my true colors as what ? someone who needs an editor ? i have the same problem with length with everything ... and another selfish motivation i have for doing this , speaking of politics : i like the idea of being a peace-maker . in my estimation , there is no greater act that a person can do in the social realm ... reading this thread is such an odd experience lol . i have gone to therapy before . i've tried it with multiple people . i've never found it helpful . i like to think i've gone through a lot of ... reading this thread is such an odd experience lol . i have gone to therapy before . i've tried it with multiple people . i've never found it helpful . i like to think i've gone through a lot of ... that's a bit rude , don't you think ? if it hadn't been for the drama of the suicide incident , i would have just gone on indefinitely in a listless depression , unable to live and too scared to die . the suicide incident was a wake up ... interesting . i like most of these changes . your phrasings are more natural sounding than mine . thank you ! to everyone : please , stop trying to stop me from sending this letter . i have made my decision . you will not change my mind by repeating the same things over and over again . what is helpful is ... i have never sent a letter to her . i sent a couple to mutual friends which i think were probably interpreted as me trying to send a message , even though that wasn't the case . as i've said several ... for the last time , there is no restraining order . oh but i love my ego . i would rather work with it to overcome the world . thank you . the email may very well not work of course , but it can't hurt . thank you for your diagnosis doctor . i thought that i was fine , but now that you , someone who's never even met me , insists that i'm mentally unstable and need therapy , i will of course begin ... oh and have no fear of going all religious on me . i'm a philosopher and an atheist myself , but i see all religions and forms of spirituality as different ways of expressing the same thing , like ... well i'm glad lol ... and i would be more than happy to settle for the same level of mutual amicability with this girl . you did go over the line once , when you were accusing me of all sorts of things that i don't remember . however , what you've just said now does not cross any line that i'm aware of . i was just saying ... chill out myjazz . i thought i had been perfectly clear that it was my intention to reconcile with this person in some way . although now that i see the name of the thread , maybe not . to me , ... here is the letter in its current form . if anyone is interested in reacting to it in any way , please do , i would greatly appreciate the feedback . '