my friend recently told me to listen to the hamilton soundtrack and i have to say , it's a masterpiece . i've been listening to the hamilton soundtrack too much ... yeah i've been asked that a lot whenever i go a little more quiet than usual , most people just assume something is wrong . a lot of the time when i'm thinking about something deeply or contemplating ... when you've had ten weeks to complete some work for college and you're only just starting it the night before . i have a massive pile of about 50 books to read and a bunch more i want to add to that , there's just so little time to read them . i just finished the universe versus alex woods , by gavin extence ... i mostly found panic and the fear of failure is always a key motivator for me , i work under pressure very well which is why i procrastinate so much before exams ( or maybe that's just an excuse ? ) . ... i didn't struggle to admit to introversion but it took me a while to realise it was just in my nature to prefer solitude . since western culture is dominated by the extrovert ideal i tried to be ... i've never really minded sports , i was on a few teams in school and won a few table tennis competitions , i was really competitive but i'm not too bothered by it anymore . the only sports i do now are ... since i don't really go anywhere photo-worthy , these are mostly just some macro shots of nature . 530426 5304 34 530450 5304 66 530458 since britain isn't exactly renowned for it's sunny weather i tend to appreciate any glimpse of sun we get here . i've been watching vsauce for years and it definitely is one of my favourite youtube channels , the tangents he goes on which still seem to link to the original topic are just awesome , the ... i play piano in my spare time but i'm only a self-taught amateur , i took guitar and flute lessons when i was younger but soon gave them both up . i've also had a violin sitting in the corner of my ... i will only open up about my personal things with someone who i really trust and who i'm comfortable around , it usually takes a while but if you give an intp time and space they'll usually open up ... i love nature , just walking alone in nature is one of my favourite pass times . it's definitely one of the things which relax me the most , just being left alone to my thoughts and having the chance to ... 25 intp not diagnosed i have a facebook account but i rarely ever use it , i mostly just have it as a means of communication so people can reach me easily . otherwise i couldn't care less about how many likes i get or what ... i love a lot of hans zimmer's and john william's compositions but at the moment i've been listening to the your lie in april soundtrack , some of the pieces in there are just so beautiful . ... intp . i can mostly relate to infp descriptions , sometimes i can get quite idealistic and optimistic , and even sometimes have moments of creativity , but i'll still always think based with logic ... i can definitely relate , when i was younger i didn't care at all about my looks , i hated wearing skirts and dresses , didn't care about my hygiene or anything like that but soon felt pressured to ... dynamic tripod and sometimes lateral tripod , i write with my right hand and my handwriting is small and messy , although it's still slightly legible to a few people . i feel like dynamic tripod allows ... i don't like confrontation so i'll avoid aggressive and intrusive people as much as i can since it's impossible that they'll listen to any sort of rationality . i'll usually stand my ground while ... i don't play noughts and crosses much but i frequently play chess against myself , mainly because no one else i know is interested in the game , but it also helps to be able see manoeuvres from your ... i prefer instrumental music , especially if i'm doing some kind of work , lyrics just tend to distract me whereas instrumentals helps me focus . i still listen to quite a few songs too though . i absolutely love travelling and try to do it as often as possible , even just taking a different route to a regular destination is good enough for me . i guess it's because i don't really like ... i've taken some figure drawing classes before and i remember how at first i absolutely hated it since i wasn't allowed to erase mistakes , look at the paper , get it perfect , etc . but soon enough i ... yes , a lot of the time . i can't see myself living in the same place for long , i'd just find it extremely tedious . i mostly fantasize about being able to travel and not staying in one place for very ... i've never found the answer ... but here's a good video which might help . taking different and new routes to destinations , i just love the spontaneity of it and being able to get away from a boring routine . i'm actually having this problem right now , i had to write a history essay 2000 words long and ended up going over the word limit by 1500 , i'm still trying to edit it down to 2000 . i just accept ... no problem . brian cox i'd say is pretty well known , here in the uk anyway , he's done a lot of documentaries on physics and general science , as well as a few books . i'm actually going to see him do a ... i love physics so i might be able to offer a few book suggestions , things to make and do in the fourth dimension is a good one although it's mostly mathematical concepts and another book called the ... i've considered it before and almost attempted it , but that was when my mind was a mess and i was struggling to cope , with my emotions ruling over my logic . looking back i don't see it as a logical ... i do keep a rough to-do list but then i just end up doing the small , minor things just so i can check things off rather than getting the important things done . it's helped get a little more organised ... i used to trust people really easily and be quite naive when it came to people's true intentions , i soon learnt the harsh reality of people not being who i thought they were . now i'm a lot more ... i can somewhat relate , i do over-analyse online conversations all the time and sometimes even go back days later to read them over again , searching for hidden meanings . i don't tend to search for ... maybe i'll try that since i know an esfj who always wants to take photos of you and herself then posts them all over social media . one of my irrational phobias is definitely my fear of bees and wasps . i have no idea why since i was perfectly fine with them before then over a few years i suddenly feared them despite not having ... does anyone like having their photo taken , either by yourself or by other people ? i honestly don't like it and i'm not really interested in it but i'll usually tolerate someone taking a few photos ... some quick sketches .  i currently have 23 open , which is actually pretty good for me . i do it occasionally , usually just to clarify my thoughts , i don't tend to sit there having a conversation about something like the weather though . nice imagery . it could work , haha .  i do love music without vocals , gives me a chance to focus on the individual layers in the music , the tone and mood of the piece . i don't mind music with vocals , i do listen to quite a few bands and ... i just finished the first season of psycho-pass . i honestly do this most of the time too , but it's usually at 4am when everything is due to be done by the next day ... i have heard of that experiment but i've never really thought about it , it really puts perspective on my problem . i guess there really is no certain trick to getting things done , it just comes down ... if i had a motivational speaker who said things like that , i can't even begin to imagine how much i would get done . i might actually go and get something done now . thanks for the existential crisis . yeah same , it's not very good when you have important exams coming up in one month though ...