' it was a joke . ;) i'm not into seemingly arbitrary celebration days where everyone has to gift each other throwaway stuff but some of you guys sound so boring and jaded . you sound like intjs ! under skies if you ... i often try to assume the persona the archetypal entj personality like , but i want to have fun , i want others to have fun and for everyone to be energised by the project . what i find ... the benefit that should be derived is gained perspective on both sides from the varied experienced . it doesn't matter who is right or wrong , but unfortunately people do not always see it how you do , ... i do find it interesting , and i have been on the receiving end of a not-so-positive perception , but also people that seem to respect me deeply . who wouldn't want to repeat a positive experience , and ... i have to switch up my activities every so often to maintain excitement levels . i was definitely motivated and inspired when i was a child , but just not in maths . i remember my maths teacher was deeply uninspiring , and not just that but he had extremely low expectations , ... scott adams i am not sure if you understood it now but it is not so much as not having aims , but about just having expectations but equally having no way to reach them . you need to take action , ... friends . you discover each other in your own time , and if an opportunity arises where you have formed a connection it can develop into another opportunity where you can form a deeper bond . it is ... i loved that so much . i have enjoyed honesty , and when the person has reflected on positive memories that we've shared . i agree with other posters that i would enjoy rationality behind it , but producing a powerpoint ... because i'll collapse and die and i am too busy to die right now . i should do it , and i intend to but i have only done weekly walking lately . i am probably too late to contribute but you need to be clear . i would take a maybe as a possibility of a yes , and i would be persistent . what ? :( is this your sarcasm ? messy hair , smug smile 80112 i sometimes become burnt out but usually recover when i am appropriately stimulated like meeting friends , watching a film ! it is emotional and you can't always rationalise it away , but i've always found the best approach is not to loose control and descend into despair . i've also had people end it without an explanation , ... i often make mistakes when i type , particularly because i have mild dyslexia so i empathise when other people do too . i definitely , and obviously prefer when someone is coherent but i also know ... chaotic neutral but sometimes chaotic good . i was usually the stealthy archer . i am 25 and i realised that 30 approaches pretty fast . i won't comment any further on your prediction ... i have had to hide countless people from my news feed because they consistently post inane rants about the opposite sex or complain about how all their friends have abandoned them but also it is ... i love books or films related to time travel or parallel universes but i actually found it very difficult to get into doctor who . i think what i enjoy most is the contrast . ... they don't understand you because you are different and they have their own issues . i think it is quite common for pretty women to be bitched about . they don't understand you because you are different and they have their own issues . i didn't say or imply it was substantiated and i didn't expect for someone to be so pedantic . i used science as an expression . honestly , both your threads were so long i didn't read your first and i only skimmed through this one . you seem very traditional to me , even with your ' core values ' , especially how you refused to ... you want to find one person ? i think you are going to have a difficult time . ;) i wouldn't become so fixated on the mbti type , i had a friend who became equally fixated looking for that ' entp ' ... you're really on a mission , aren't you ? break it down into a list , i think this is more productive than having a deadline but sometimes i set very loose deadlines . i think that waking up early makes anyone feel more productive . i love saying good morning to strangers . knowing exactly what direction you want to move into definitely helps , but not only that but working every day to achieve that and not slipping . you'd be surprised how things just fall into place ... when they think they are boring ! yes . it was sarcasm , idiot . :P yeah , because you're naturally the touch type . i love hugs , i didn't used to be hugging type but i have been converted . i don't know why i do this , i think i just enjoy the reaction but i am definitely sure that he doesn't intend to hurt you . i think what aquavenae said would the best approach if it was me . i've come to the realisation that some people cannot think independently and need one person to look to for direction consistently . this is from my horrific experiences with projects while at ... you need think about what you are passionate about right now . i wasn't enthralled by my degree either and i think i likely did it for the same reasons you did accounting but it isn't worthwhile when ... i feel like it is a negative experience to end something that is enjoyable and i want to avoid that . you are ridiculous . this sounds remarkably similar to medieval catholic church dogma - you're either christian and subscribe to our doctrine or you're not and we're burning you at the stake . when you ... i never used to like small talk because it can be dull , and it just feels as if you're repeating yourself over and over , but it is important to establish an initial connection with someone before ... i suppose our argentinian mutual male friend doesn't count as a male . i know intjs who do not respect themselves enough , so i think it has much more to do with the emotional instability rather than any specific mbti type . i think you probably know ... i like to think i am open to all possibilities and i never rule anything out ; however , i consider relationships very physical , especially when it seems to just boil down to sex . if i intend to commit ... i have a istj friend that i instantly felt a connection with , and while we have contrasting views i value the friendship . that drives me nuts ! i don't want to seem neurotic but i often theorise what my latest fan's issue is . he's obviously an omega male testing people's boundaries in an attempt to dominant the group . i respect you for standing up to him . you know that you challenged and defeated him when he resorted to ... i do like the chase but the appeal is in how intense it is . when there's a barrier but it is slowly broken down and then suddenly breaks completely - it is euphoric . you shouldn't change , especially ... istj . i'd love to follow something through to the end . '