' hmmm . well , from reading the thread it seems as if your enfp friend is toying with relationships and is perhaps manipulating the people in them to her / his benefit . i have heard the manipulation ... very much so . i think they sense our open heart and sincerity . my user name is a nickname given to me by my first love many years ago . while i'm married and it's been over thirty years i still get butterflies and heart thumps when i get an email or hear his ... ron paul is my representative and i vote for him every time . first he is sincere and honest . second he always votes no . i like that . he is also a obgyn . that may be why he has the stance he does on ... bangles version of hazy shade of winter is awesome . all of the above ... not so much the are you high ? in many years though . sigh . sometimes i think as i get older i hide my more quirky side until i know folks much better . not the rambling on and on ... ditto ditto ditto ... i recently had to work with a ocd , man that was tough . it wasn't a life or death project and we couldn't finish it until a certain date anyway , but she was sweating it for 4 ... it kinda depends on the situation . but i generally will have a feel for something and usually i am right . so if i'm not worried that things will turn out ok , then i guess i would call that going on ... i had something amazing to do today ... not just get the car inspected . ultimate villain i could become ? er ... 808 villain i might actually manage : 809 enfp - the champion you scored 75 i versus e , 20 n versus s , 40 f versus t , and 20 j versus p ! your ideal mate is known as the champion . my ideal mate is ... me ! tree-hugger here . spiders and all , wait , i camped in south carolina once and the tree roaches were atrocious and i freaked . so , yes to the great outdoors and no to tree roaches ! i am reading about two things here , i think . lumping folks into categories and judging them . the first , i think , everyone does . i mean : she's blonde , wears jeans all the time , drives a vw bug , ... depends , if i love it i consume it whole . if it gets dull i skip around . fun ! let's see : a ballerina a vet - but i had bad allergies my mom says i told her when i grew up i wanted to have kittens - not babies . then a spy ... what's better than that ? then an ... i score as just below and to the left of the axis thingy ... which is moderate , liberal , and libertarian sort of . anyways these days , on current issues i would be liberal so i went with that . of ... no , because i tend to see other types as so limited and having so many boundaries everyday ... ewww ! i couldn't handle it . that seems seriously skewed to me because if your values are different then eventually you're just fighting all the time . ok , but i always wondered , because i know some types , that what if ... ok , i've got two and of course they are diametrically opposed : youtube - flogging molly - the worst day since yesterday youtube - glee - season finale performance - over the rainbow let's try this again : this song really speaks to that intensity thing for me , but then everything this man has written seems to be about my life . youtube - billy joel - i go to extremes bwhahahahahahaha ! i was going to say : define analytical ! oh but seriously . it drives people crazy sometimes . but i just can't stop , if i did i think i would have to be catatonic . word ! ( that always makes me giggle ) me too ! only i want to argue them to the ground and well then it gets messy . problem is they usually can't follow my logic ... i hate getting distracted ... blonde , bouncy , artsy , compassionate , genuine ( oh and i'm very very with you on the sarcastic but , of course , was attempting to be different ) . this is fun ! : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : making a plan at all ! drives my daughter wacky because my hubby is an infp and neither of us like to plan ... this took me years to learn from the hubby . waiting while others think about ... last time i was offended by a funny story was when a emt was cracking folks up about the old large breasted woman they were loading on a stretcher and how her breasts kept flopping all over the ... money , if it's not for spending i don't think i understand ... : shocked : it seems like ever since i was a teen , 77 or 78 , this guy has been singing my life . so here is my theme song on the subject : ok , i can't seem to be able to figure out this embed thingy . any ... i could get my dog potty trained ... my enthusiasm for the task just doesn't seem to make a difference ! i would say that no , the rest of society considers us not normal , but not necessarily unhealthy . i am bipolar so there is some behavior overlap between the mental illness and the personality profile ... i think it may be like a mind expanding drug experience : all things are possible and i can see how they connect and there are endless possibilities that i want to play with in every combination until ... sounds like she is using your itunes account ... don't let her . yeah , we are the kings of manipulation but you have her figured out . make her earn it by cleaning up her stuff . otherwise , be the man ... the world is a difficult place for the perceptive / intuitive types and youth can be especially hard . to an enfp everyone seems to see the straight line , while we say why not just jump off the cliff ? ... i have to agree , if you can't handle being just a friend then let it go . find at least one new thing to do tomorrow ! it will make you feel better . hugs to you , because you will light someone's fire , ... hmmm , teasing people oh yeah . animals ... i could honestly cuddle an animal to death . but i can't ever remember teasing one ... maybe because we had a little dog that was teased by the kids in the ... i was in bora bora ... and toy story was absolutely awesome ! i just pigged out on being an artist for a week and i want some pancakes and bacon ... my hubby is an infp . our councilor said she had never met another couple so connected and aware of each other . virgo here . i have a question ... what's your favorite color ? i can see him as an enfp , a mature one . but i can't give any concrete facts to back it up . just that he is big on the big picture but not into the details . good at talking and has a great smile . he ... well , i'll have been married 26 years on july 28 . that's a very long time . i've guess i've been romantic , committed , and monogamous with him for more like 30 . omg ! if i had my druthers it would go ... i do not get enough hugs these days ... but if you hug me i will , for sure , hug you back . : happy : dude , i don't think you are that into this girl and she knows it . you are all down about her insecurities and already talking about breaking it off . she knows it , she can tell without you having to ... this is rugged ... this is heroic ! thanks ! hmm . stress makes me crazy ! i used to internalize my stress to the point of my body having to have a physical reaction to get it out . odd rashes , swollen fingers , stomach aches , etc . i also sleep ... my favorite : my fashion sense ? it's all over the place ! my favorite fashions seem to fall into the old lady category . which makes my daughter freak . so lately i've been trying to be more fashionable . but i love ... so this ! and this ! i wish i could find some friends who want to talk about important stuff ... the stuff i like to talk about ! : crazy : and i feel like dancing . but it's 5:31 and it would wake everyone up ... unless i use my earphones . brilliant ! when you get out of 4 tickets on charm and you honestly don't know how you did it . one of my very favorite fantasy authors is robin hobb . start with assassin's apprentice . neil gaiman's american gods is an awesome book , actually anything neil gaiman writes is an awesome book . neal ... '