' nomadleviathan yeah , it can take this form as well . the hip-ratio is extremely important in regards to healthy childbirth , dating to our evolutionary past . as death during labor was common , mates ... we love to eat . no doubt about that . i prefer the muscular , hydrated look compared to the ripped , thirsty look any day . males look for someone healthy , who would be able to safely ensure the arrival ... peter you would be wise to take a stab at this from another perspective . say , if infjs and intjs innately know things , beyond our control , as we are receivers of thoughts and feelings by others , ... i hear ya . but then ask yourself ; how do i know what i know ? and watch yourself navigate that rabbit hole . you have to learn the rules of the game . and then you have to play better than anyone else . - albert einstein although this is true ; the world is a dangerous place to live ; not because of the ... ethanol although i'm an atheist , i highly respect the jesus figure . but , don't limit your personal philosophy to just the christian savior figure . from krishna , horus , muhammad , to buddha , all of ... peter what's interesting to me is the way you dealt with these situations . i think it's a very typical infj way . not my way of dealing with these kinds of things , but since it worked for you , ... the replies were everywhere ! from personal psychology , to religion , to personal anecdotes , and everything in between . but , i think this thread contains a plethora of information that can help anyone ... i hear you , fam . what are you doing to help ? with such a wide array of problems , one would be best served to devote yourself to a specific mission , rather than take on all of the worlds ... peter if you're still on this in light of everything that has been posted , then i digress . sure , my parents were shitty growing up . though i justified this by understanding that their ... he's an anomaly for sure . i'd say once you get to a certain level of freedom , you could interact with anyone and everyone in the method of your choosing . from ghandi , mlk , albert einstein , all ... yeah , i think this is a false narrative , based upon preconceived notions trying to box everyone . it is important that we judge specific mannerisms and actions , rather than just look at what they have ... i believe fedor was also an infj . fedor being of course , the greatest of all time . here he is . 356082 quotes that lead me to believe he's an infj ; a fighter , a real strong fighter should always ... watch this if you're still uncertain . watch his eye movements , tone of voice affectations , irritability , all the while trying to remain calm and collected . ... i'm uh , pretty buff . you guys aren't lucky enough to get a pic though ;) but , we're out there . ever heard of gsp , only the second greatest mma fighter of all time . plus i've posted kai greene , ... haba aba daba aba yes , i have listened to the podcast . what seems short sighted ? they opened with remarks stating that their views were remarkably similar , in order to provide context for those ... therandomsciencegirl what seems unlikely ? it is generally argued that our sense of free will presents a compelling mystery : on the one hand , it is impossible to make sense of it in causal ... abraham law give it a shot ! if you find yourself judging someone unfairly , try to imagine yourself in their shoes . is free will a magic trick ? â * | â * melissa burkley , ph . d . [ url = ] people | free will , causality and luck ... the word x93spiritx94 comes from the latin spiritus , which in turn is a translation of the greek pneuma , meaning x93breath . x94 around the 13th century , the term became bound up with notions of immaterial ... on the surface in day to day conversation , yes . when planning future goals , or meditating about past events , no . i am urging folks to look below the surface , and into their past motivations . ... did you choose to attend the college you are enrolled or graduated from ? if so , what made you choose to go there ? was it financial reasons , parents wishes , proximity to home ? if so , how did these ... read the entirety of the post please . i did not refute the claim that we are not responsible for our actions , but rather that we do not will them in to being . this has delved into a debate over ... you just posted a summary of my entire post , agreed with me , and then told me to take it deeper ... so i will . when talking about awareness , most of us identify with our awareness through the ... felidire if i were to claim that ' we're free to consciously perceive and act with the parameters of our own individual minds ' , would you refute that ? yes , i would . i would claim that the ... peter the idea that free will is making choice based on , ... nothing , ... is wrong . i know it is what we want to believe what free will is . but that doesn't even make sense . you can not make a ... felidire one of the most common objections to my position on free will is that accepting it could have terrible consequences , psychologically or socially . this is a strange rejoinder , analogous ... peter this post is just a tad deeper than the zeitgeist , my friend . the christian religion was developed in response to egyptian domination over the levant , circa 600 bce . in order to regain control ... now read your post again , but exchange the words god or yhwh , with horus - the egyptian deity of god's son who would be murdered on earth , and be resurrected , ascending to rule the afterlife . i ... recent studies in neuroscience have proven that our actions are perceived by our brain a full 10 seconds before a thought / feeling / image are generated . normally , we believe that we are the controller ... if anyone needed any motivation , please listen to this guy . he's an inspiration to myself and many others , whether or not you find bodybuilding attractive . the activity is more than meat heads ... you all should take the time an really consider the implications of an omnipotent creator . listen to fellow infj , sam harris . if you're interested , look into his books ; waking up , and letters to a ... no problem ! heck , i'd kill to be around infps and intps all day . just wait till you get out in the real world , and you're surrounded by estjs and entjs . : sad : i thought that you had the magical ability to control how you feel . why are you unhealthy ? why did the post make you angry ? i kid , i kid . happy birthday , hang in there . a word of advice - quit ... for sure . especially when i was a teenager . my cheeks would get all red , and i'd look super flustered . so now i have a beard ... do your research . check erowid for guides and such . try to do it either alone , or with really good friends ( not freinenemies ) . it can be a life changing experience , in the very best way possible . but ... try to do as much as i can . i can become an adrenaline junkie for short periods of time . been skydiving , snowboarding and all that good stuff . also have trained / competed in many sports / martial arts ; ...  please show me the way master deflowering :p erc 3 : infj 5w4 definitely love hip hop more than any other genre . the free flow form allows for ideas to be expressed in a way that can only be done with many words spoken quickly , with purpose . i enjoy ... we are the byproduct of a lost civilization , which died off during the last ice age . archaeological evidence points to the sphinx , göbekli tepe , and the ancient mexican temples all to being at least ... definitely slytherin . infj here btw . though , i'd be like a double agent when crap started to go down . severus snape ftw ! depends on the situation . sometimes dark / mean if i'm trying to convey a message . childish if in a fun , relaxed environment . although , i've always been the one to bully the bully , so to speak . i was ... philip larkin this be the verse they fuck you up , your mum and dad . they may not mean to , but they do . they fill you with the faults they had and add some extra , just for you . but they ... henry taylor riding a one-eyed horse one side of his world is always missing . you may give it a casual wave of the hand or rub it with your shoulder as you pass , but nothing on his blind side ... say everything on my mind . what i do end up saying gets lost in translation anyways , so who cares . i'm not always super judgmental except when something is absolutely ridiculous , so i wouldn't be ... '