' i don't deserve my mother you know they're too young for you when they're still drinking smirnoff i don't understand people who have pictures of themselves as their phone background my brother just woke me up to have me take a shot i'm sorry . when my guard is down , i can be loud and ratchet . i watched it with my brother and he said the same thing . so far , i've only watched the first half of the first season , caught the last of the second and most of the third . i need to go back and binge ... i had a dream that i was a bus boy / food runner at ihop and the uniforms for us were muscle shirts with metal bands on them , and aprons . nooo . that's such a shame . i want to go to spain . like you could put me as a personal reference if you need one since i'm a doctor lol , thanks i miss having dark hair nothing comes to mind right away , but i'm sure i do . i struggle with adulting . i struggle with life , tbh - - - yooo , i was the first one at the office this morning and tripped the ... make me your gym buddy ! please ! shit i'm too old for : #23 . going into work still drunk / hungover i have freckles on my face , but i'm not even sure if i've had them my whole life yeah . been rockin outlaw for the longest drunk selfie with outlaw that i accidentally took because the bathrooms at that bar don't have mirrors ? edit : fuck , now i'm not sure if this is ... girl , i can't help you - i'm almost just as bad lol . what'd you get ? was in nursing school . did a few clinicals , ended up switching to another health related field my boss really won't drop the idea of me becoming a nurse . meanwhile , one of our nurses who's been one for at least 24 years just wants to go into construction full time . why do people always want to tell a goddamn story ? i'm trying to answer your simple ass question , i don't need 20 mins of back story . i just don't feel like going to work yooo i forgot i broke the needle on my mom's sewing machine and didn't know how to replace it , so i just left it . she's just now finding it . i don't know why , but that shit was cracking me up every time a total stranger comes up to me on the street and speaks spanish to me , i die a little on the inside why are you so focused on the longterm ? you're so young . just have fun . let your hair down no , it was just a random musing . but i can't fucking stand you [ emoji 23 ] [ emoji 23 ] [ emoji 23 ] 6 ' 4 , 260 [ emoji 7 ] i called my flip flop a slipper in front of an american by accident and he questioned my whole being until i corrected myself please don't ask me if i want to hold your baby mightynim i kind of really want this shirt lol bro , i honestly don't know . societal expectations ? tax breaks ? i mean , i'd have a wedding for the reception , but that's it . i just want the big ass party , gifts , food and open bar . i don't really ... all i see on my newsfeed are engagement / wedding photos [ emoji 19 ] i haven't been to a regular club in so long . someone just told me cover is usually $ 20 [ emoji 33 ] was it one of the two jobs you posted about before ? oh my god . i said i have work at 7 and the fucking waitress laughed at me food is so good i'm at the point where i worry about my feet when i go out to the club i'm here for macaulay culkin's glow up i work with a bunch of filipinos at a home health agency . my supervisor is filipino and every once in a while he'll shake his head at me and lecture me about becoming a nurse . he lectures me like i'm ... i don't know why i did this , but a couple nights ago at 2am , while half asleep , i ordered a hot brush . it was half off and i had a coupon that took a dollar off . but , still . why the fuck did i do that yeah . i'm actually pretty superstitious and believe in some of that stuff [ emoji 28 ] oh my god , i totally forgot about that . and we're in the pine barrens . good thing i didn't think about that when we went hiking at 1am camping in jersey . can't sleep because it's too hot and humid out . i'm ready to go back to the city where a / c exists bro . i can't fucking stand watching old people fumble around on a goddamn computer , typing with their index fingers slow as hell . stop . just retire already . you always complain about work anyway intp , you're fucking selfish . please learn to deal with your emotions . - istp i need a te dom . i fucking suck at organizing graphs and charts . frfr i saw that floating around on facebook . i think this really only works for fair skinned people . imagine the look on people's faces when you go into sephora and flash your nipple to get color matched dear xxx , i know you should've been busy looking for a job , but thanks for the fuck and thanks for the blow istp i saw that sephora carries it , but i fucking forgot to look for it when i was there the other day . i have to remember . i actually have that same problem with a lot of nudey colors . i have to go a ... i have her everlasting liquid lipstick and i really like them . they don't feather and don't really come off unless you're eating greasy food . you might need a touchup after eating , but it'll get you ... '