' i'm drawn to infps for some strange reason , initial meeting = instant chemistry but it never works out in the end for some reason , but that initial pull is so strong . with intjs though there's that ... when my intj bf and i first started dating , we were on our way home from our first concert together and all of me by john legend was played on the radio . it was the first time he heard that song ... yes i love dancing ! ! ever since i was a kid dance was an outlet i could go to for when i felt down and misunderstood . it is a form of meditation . it is like breathing for the soul . i feel like ... that is something unforgivable . i wouldn't still be friends with them , they have broken my trust and it's nearly impossible to get it back once i am betrayed . younger me would have gotten revenge and ... enfps are constantly trying to figure out people like rubix cube labyrinth puzzles . we want to know anything and everything about you for a better understanding . your friend probably felt as if they ... elder scrolls online and league of legends why is there a strong dislike for those colors ? : , ( yellow and orange is bright , shining and beautiful like the sun i love all colors ! ! ! purple , pink , white , grey , green , blue , yellow , black and all the pastel / neon bright colors are my faves ðŸ˜ this thread title too good 10/10 ðŸ‘Œ ðŸ¼ ðŸ˜‚ egg and applewood ham sammy on potato bread with brie & pate and grilled onions & tomatoes . that's been my new jam lately xd hide and cry with hopes to be saved > . > i think you should just tell him how you feel . open communication is key and will help and i'm sure he will try to fix it . i am an enfp with an intj boyfriend too and we just recently had a minor ... okay so i think i figured this thing out yay =D ttys yayyy ty you are fricken awesome ! ! ! :) ) ) let's be friendsss thank you all for the warm welcomes ~ hugs ~ ðŸ˜Š greetings ! :) how is everyone doing today ? hope you all are doing lovely , sending positive energy and vibes to everyone ~ ~ ~ just decided to finally join in on this after lurking for quite a bit ... '