' i really like the way you put that . it makes a lot of sense , especially the dramatic , raw , and self-sacrificing bit . blood does carry those implications as does the idea of love ( self-sacrificing ... i don't feel this way myself ( i've already said earlier in one of the sticky threads that i associate it with pain , so i find it somewhat difficult to romanticize , at least in the way you're ... i sometimes feel like i'm being mocked when people try to reassure me . my self-confidence has been pretty low lately , but because participation is a huge chunk of my grade in my writing classes , ... i can't tell if my recent lethargy and idleness are results of pure laziness or if depression is beginning to settle in once again . my head feels too heavy and my body feels too empty for it to be ... i had a dream 2 nights ago that i was trying to save parakeets from some random person selling them at my school for some reason . i was afraid to take them back to the dorm because i didn't know if ... i feel more beautiful when i put less effort into my appearance than usual . i didn't plan on leaving my room today , so i didn't put any effort into my appearance . then i realized that i was out ... i didn't sleep last night , so i took a quick nap before class and had a dream . i was riding my favorite horse in a group with several other riders that i once knew from several years ago when we ... i would say i get nervous often , but my responses depend on the situation . sometimes i acknowledge that i'm nervous but proceed with whatever i must do without any sort of hesitation ; i hide it ... i didn't realize how much i take electricity for granted until the hurricane knocked the power out for a few days . the lack of air conditioning mixed with intense heat and humidity gave me one of ... a friend sent me something a few days ago . it was a multimedia message ; no text , just an image . it was a picture of a flyer she found in the central area of campus about an ongoing social anxiety ... i think that would somewhat depend on the circumstances , but from what i've personally seen , none of my friends ( assuming we're talking about gen z in part-time jobs ) stayed with a part-time job for ... it makes me furious when people drag religion and politics into current natural disasters and make petty remarks in the face of a catastrophe . i'm rather close to hurricane irma's predicted ... unless my food is going to kill me for some reason , i won't say anything about it if it's subpar or missing anything . i'll eat it and continue to be polite to the waiter / waitress . i also hate wasting ... i've been home for a few hours now . i'm so happy and finally feel like i belong once again , but it feels so surreal . ever since i went off to college , i would sometimes hear a voice inside my head ... i get to go home tomorrow night ! i'll get a solid 2 hours or so of night driving ( one of my favorite things ! ) and i'll get to see my family and my pets when i get home ! it'll only be for about 4 ... i need to have a 2-4 paragraph discussion post submitted for an online class by 8 am . one of the books i'm required to read and cite in my post is about 140 pages long , but i just found out that i ... actualized type : infp ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 78.13 % extroverted ( e ) 21.88 % intuitive ( n ) 64.52 % sensing ( s ) 35.48 % feeling ( f ) 53.33 % thinking ( t ) 46.67 % perceiving ( p ) 67.74 % judging ( j ) ... i just drank the most mediocre milkshake i think i've ever drank in my entire life . it tasted like iced whole milk with a few tasteless candy pieces mashed up in there . now that i look back on it , it ... when i woke up this morning , i was enveloped in confusion and sadness . i don't really know where it came from , but it has only gotten worse as the day has gone on . i realized how truly inferior i ... i almost forgot the main reason why i don't like school . i love learning and applying the things i've learned , but everything is done in an overly simplified and repetitive way . i started to get ... i'm not grossed out by blood , i even think it's cool , but the sight of it does stir a lot of discomfort in me . i associate visible blood with pain , and i almost always begin to feel some sort of pain ... it's a mess but here goes . i'm so naive . there's never been any denial of that . i try to act like i'm a mature individual , but i still know deep down that i view the world through the eyes of a ... it seems that the more i try to untangle the tortuous ball of thoughts in my mind , the more tangled it becomes . i'm in a lot of emotional discomfort at the moment , but every effort to decipher my ... i was going to go for a walk to clear my mind , but there was an armed robbery in the area and 2/3 suspects fled . their location as of right now is unknown . yeah , i'm staying indoors , thanks ... women's bathrooms are so gross , and now i can't escape them . i used to hold it in for hours until i was able to get back home and use the bathroom in my house . well , now that i'm not at home and ... i want to text my friends and see how things are going for them , but i'm afraid to . they're roommates , so i don't want to text one of them and spark a conversation between them like : 1 : oh , ... i guess i was really quiet and liked to be left alone according to my parents ( i communicated more with distinct hand gestures than sounds too , apparently ; there's photographic evidence of that ) . my ... i met someone today . she decided to sit behind me in one of the lectures today , and we had to introduce ourselves to each other and the few people around us . so of course , we said our names and ... if there's one thing i've realized over the past few days , it's that i'm a lot shyer than i initially thought i was . at least it doesn't bother me until i perceive it as a weakness , but even then , ... ^ ^ i agree with a lot of what she said . perhaps your girlfriend recognizes that she is not in a good situation ( financially , with the unhealthy aunt ... ) , and she's thinking about the past as a ... i held a fidget spinner once . once . and i will never do it again . i started feeling the anxiety crawl up my spine as soon as it started spinning , and that anxious feeling wouldn't stop so i'm ... i had a dream that i decided to stop by my friends ' residence hall on the way to my first class . one of them had been waiting for me , and the two of us decided to go for a short walk since we had a ... it wasn't a present for any particular occasion . it was something i gave my best friend on one of our last days hanging out together before i went away for school . when we were sophomores in high ... other . i'm not the most educated in economics ( hardly at all , so don't take me too seriously ) , but here's my explanation : coins are very annoying . my purse is clogged with nickels and pennies ... time seems to pass by so slowly in the dorm . classes haven't started yet , so maybe that'll change once i have to start studying and writing papers , but i could sleep for what feels like an hour and ... last night , i had a dream that i was reunited with my bearded dragon ( i moved into my college dorm yesterday , and i had to leave her at home with my family ) , but i also received another baby bearded ... if you do a level work for your other classes in my class , you will get a c . in order to get an a or even a b in this class , you must not make any mistakes . i say that because i'm assuming all of ... i haven't been all that resistant to change lately . i've actually been quite open to it . but now i feel nothing but dread . it's rattling my whole being in a way i've never experienced before . i ... i'm doing fine and i'm not afraid , but something feels so wrong . i feel like i made one of the worst decisions of my life ... i don't know if that's true or not yet , but something on the inside is ... this was something i wrote a while ago , but i saved it because i really liked it for some reason . one might even say i was in love at the time i wrote it and naturally felt strongly about it , but ... today was the first time that i ever heard my voice inside my head say , i'm not going down without a fight ! i was in danger of falling off a bolting and bucking horse when i heard it , but i felt ... i had a dream that actually made me cry . i don't remember the early bit of the dream , but i remember that i was in the hall leading out to the arena where my graduation ceremony was held , and i ... i feel so weak whenever i have to rely on pain medication to do basic everyday things . luckily it doesn't happen that often , but i still feel so weak and useless when it does . i hardly trust ... i found a video on youtube that had some clips of children's television shows ( mostly for children aged 2-5 ) , and it included many of the shows i used to watch when i was in that age range . i ... i had a dream that i was navigating this area that looked like an amusement park with a male companion who i really don't know in reality , but we were apparently good friends in the dream . he was ... aww , i appreciate it . i'm pretty sure they meant one-on-one . for some context , on one of the occasions , one of my friends told me that one of our other friends told her that she hadn't heard from ... i feel like i should talk to my friends because it has been a while , but i don't want to . ( i'm not referring to my best friend though ; we've been talking and things have all been good there . ) ... i wasted 5 hours of my life desperately grinding for items and exp in one of my video games today in order to unlock a secret cutscene in the game ... and it was painfully underwhelming in the end ... ah , that changes things . makes things more confusing , at least . maybe she's got something else going on too , but i don't know her and can't just make assumptions on the matter . i don't have any ... i'll say intp . i've either received infp or intp as a result on all of the simple 4 - letter tests i've taken . the only reason i decided i was an infp over intp was because of my consistent results ... '