' oh ! the times i couldn't use a baseball bat ... some napalm ... or even a small thermonuclear device ... but i digress ... why must you constantly bang your gums ? are you afraid that if you don't hear the sound of your own voice , you must be dead ? ooooh . somebody's ovaltine got napalmed this morning . does she have a job ? can she support herself ? ( and : are there children involved in this situation ? ) if so , is it enough for her to make it on her own ? if not , can she move in with family ? ( do ... i fantasized about retiring today . 1 . often first person , sometimes observer . 2 . i dream of both people i know / knew . sometimes a person appears who looks nothing like s / he does in reality , yet i recognize her / him . i rarely dream of ... my late wife was intj and the relationship lasted thirty-five years . just sayin ' ... grey .. ... life is filled with so many shades of it . i have no problems with money--of course , i am much older . it is generally not a topic of conversation since my wife died . i discuss my finances with as few people as possible . i think i am the same way . i'm at my five-year mark as a widower , after a 35 - year relationship . what i don't know about dating would fill several volumes / terabytes ... a ham sandwich walks into a bar , slams its fist on the bar and says , barkeeper ! gimme a double vodka ! the barkeeper is at the other end of the bar , chatting with some customers . the ham sandwich ... i've always been partial to the linus van pelt response . why ? or how ? i think the op is fairly accurate--at least for me . hew hess hay [ pennsylvania ] i've been in 37 out of 50 us states and five canadian provinces . i've been abroad to germany [ studied there at the christian-albrechts-universität zu kiel while there were still federal republic ... it lasted for thirty-five years--and will be a hard act to follow , now that i'm a widower . i do vent a lot--it's my only outlet sometimes . ( that's ok . i'm a widower . ) don't feel bad for being human . :) i can write and lose track of time ... and it doesn't matter . 2-3 infjs have trouble processing because we're so self-reliant and already in our own heads . it's difficult for us to reach out and discuss problems with others . i made headway with a half-dozen ... i became a widower almost five years ago . i'll buy the first round . : toast : that typed , any woman who asks too many questions about my late wife or my marriage has crossed the line . i never make ... it shows that one had the drive / gumption to start , work through and complete a project . just don't sell yourself short--or denigrate someone else's choice of study . i agree with this . i door-slam only those people who have done something extremely unforgivable to me--and i never look back . it is not something i do on a regular basis , but i do admit to having ... yo ! : welcome : enjoy it while you can . once you enter the real world , you will be seen as aloof , stand-offish or just plain strange . why can't i retire already ? ? ? on a scale of one-to-ten , i'd probably score a 12 . some people just have better aural ( as opposed to visual / olfactory / tactile ) memories--or something stands out in the conversation . that i * already * am smiling ... sheesh ! trains . showoff ! ! ! i have only five ... : smile : 0 from this part of the peanut gallery too . i go to the gym . i also take dance lessons and go to dances . ( yeah - - * not * very infj-ish , but there it is ... ) i work at improving / competing against myself , or learning new things . sometimes i find ... everyone thinks they have their life planned out--and then life happens ... : smile : it's ok to look back occasionally . keep looking forward most of the time . you have chosen some excellent ... silence--pure bliss ... i've tested as intj more than once . why didn't i pull something out of the freezer to thaw for supper tomorrow ... ? i lift weights and take part in some athletic competitions . : smile : you're 17 - - give yourself the chance to develop into the person you will become . hard to say . being a widower , i get misty-eyed or cry whenever i experience a trigger moment--something that reminds me of my late wife--and i never know when those instances will strike . ( it ... hmmm ... i was quiet most of the time , had a few friends , and was all set to go out , see the world and set fire to it . i kept in touch with one person ( my best friend ) from high school forty years ... 1 . breathe in , then breathe out . then continue doing this . 2 . survey the landscape around you . 3 . consider your strengths , weaknesses and options . 4 . talk with others . follow any advice you get ... i have found both species to be excellent micro-surgeons who have manged to worm their way into what could pass for my heart . i have always been this way--and to a certain extent , i guess i still am . when i was in high school and college , i felt like i was thicker than a brick for missing cues--especially since i was ... the whirring of my laptop . yeah ... i'm pretty oblivious too . i've always been partial to this possibility : calvin and hobbes comic strip , december 20 , 1985 on gocomics.com i'm quite the introvert--and three outta five people who know me would agree . : smile : having lived as long as i have , i just observe situations and choose my battles carefully . is this where i'm supposed to say , i love humanity--it's people i can't stand ! ! ! ? : smile : unless one aspires to be a hermit ( and there are time i have felt that way ) , social interaction is ... as one who is beginning his * cough ! * 60th * cough ! * journey around the sun as of today , i find that these are all good , sensible bits of advice . i shall add : eat healthily and get in your exercise ... go with your determination . if you like math ( or are interested in it ) , i suggest you explore it a little further . curiosity can be a good thing , despite the warnings we receive against it . if it ... my condolences . please accept bro hugs from a fellow widower . i hope you have the support of family and friends . there are many web sites for those in our situation . if you haven't investigated ... '