' 1 / r / cringe defines it . tend to turn entj'ish . which is in my favor most of the time . as morals are just personal justification of actions - intj's are highly moral . doesn't necessary resonate positively with other people . threads discussing morality often end in one person ... in response to all these pages of feelings and cahttery : statistically , 100 % of people that spam comments like ' gay and fake ' died eventually . moderation of one's opinion kept results indifferent . you are mistaken . this kind of mistake might hurt you one day . the whole gooeyness is a momentary thing . it won't mean much in the future , so should be perceived as such . all human beings have moments of weakness , fi or fe . yes , i assumed , because i questioned your reason first . though admit it , your goal is our thoughts , not chickens reason as we can't be sure without a deep research . so action within a story has ... or lets say this situation didn't even exist , thus there was no reason nor action . let's say there was a person thinking of a question , question that would satisfy his curiosity of how random people ... the rodeo carburettor - speed of flow chuck norris , prog . metal edition . they mention aspergers and autism , though npd ( narcissistic personality disorder ) is a possible case and you can't diagnose it properly pre-teens . makes dem docs confuzzled you for aspie . i've scored 17 , although i have a good , caring guy reputation , which actually annoys me .     !   my life as a human makes me laugh , does that count ? parents sue d . a . for charging their 6 - year-old son with a felony after he played doctor with a 5 - year-old girl - hit & run : reason magazine  ... if you were any other type but entp i'd believe this . at least to some extent . explain yourself . this ? one person at a time . dating few people while in a relationship would be too tiresome , against my morals too . he's most likely there to chat , but that doesn't mean anything about him dating others . ... spending time with a isfp female and seriously , fi dominant and so lively that it's contagious . her personality easily motivates me to research or do something . i'm most pleased by her company . ... entps intrigue me , gets over my head with their obsessions . enfps make me feel like i'm their father , thinks they do understand me . enfjs just spam hugs and kisses as if that's all about it . you ...      yung humma , sex syrup , justin bieber , and many more artists i didn't care to remember . if i'm not mistaken , than you also posted friday by rebecca black too . sorry then . i listened to most of music posted in this thread and you stand out , by alot . expected that to be on purpose . l'empereur , you are either a very , very persistent troll , or you don't care what you are listening to .  still , i can't stand ignorant and whining over their problems girls , who refuse to change anything , yet continue to sob and ignore . after session of blade runner , this piece of awesome really enhanced the effect of movie itself . currently listening ... yes , i've dabbled in forbidden arts of self destruction . pms ? let's say you are right . don't want / care to break your theory . * grin * 10char doesn't matter if he meant it like that , he said extroverted feeler . extroverted feeling is fe , so i wont go into other realms of thoughts just because he cant express his thoughts properly . enfp's have fi , not fe . this video softened me to a state of marshmallow . there were times in my life , when i had people who could actually make me smile just by being close ... missjordan sanskrit abraxas lolthevoidlol javier sherkanner sanari einsteinette viz 0 everypony else i'm more into rock / metal / metal opera / oldie jazz or blues , but this is relevant to my tastes . plato friedrich nietzsche jean-paul sartre short answer - yes . long answer - i do that intentionally . normally i wouldn't get that much attention , i scare people off with my coldness . but with this manipulative acting girls tend to gather ... grats abraxas '