i feel like the loneliest person in the world right now . i'm really starting to consider suicide as an option . i don't want to wake up anymore i think this year has been the hardest year of my adult life . i've never cried this much and felt so empty . never socialized so little and worried to the point that i could stay up for days with 1-2 ... it kills me how much i value my family's opinion of me no matter how low it is for the past couple years i've hoarded and my family will abhor me for life though most of the mess is gone now . . in the past i was always trying to protect myself from being hurt by building a wall between myself and the world . it was so lonely on the other side and i felt the grass was greener behind that ... please kill me it is really strange that i found this post because i was feeling very similar to the op . i'm in my late twenties and constantly wonder 24/7 about the direction my life is going . i do find job ... well i just started my first day of work and it has reminded me of how bad my nerves are around strangers . the manager advised me to think if i want to be here and not waste his time if i can't blend ... i hate trying to explain how i am and why i am to people who can't relate nor find it relevant to understand . its like trying to come up with words in a language that doesn't have those words in ... i usually go heavy on the eye make up and foundation depending on the mood i'm in . if i'm in an exhausted or lethargic state then i'll wear nothing this is all me i rather not avoid people before the nerves set in . usually after the first two hours , my mind goes off in several directions because the fatigue wears off . i'd like to avoid food for the first hour ... some infps are so sensitive about their opinions so they'll avoid being corrected if they feel like their self esteem and identity rests on being right i feel like infjs are more stubborn and egotistical i fear being afraid of the word fear yeah i think how a lot of christians behave is bothering me . they were so condescending that i wanted to tell them every curse word that i could think of . it depends on the person . i have verbally abusive family members that i live with and mostly they're male so i avoid them as much as possible . when i get an unfortunate verbal or physical abusive ... i never knew i was an atheist until i got dragged to church and of course a ' preacher ' spat on me intentionally . i never felt so offended when i was interrogated in the parking lot about my habits . i ... wondering obsessively if i have what it takes to be wanted has made it miserable for me to exist . to attempt looking at moments of humiliation and verbal cruelty as one of those nightmares you would ... yes why don't they ever ask that . i think people define others personality based on what they do professionally and not privately . i wish that i didn't hang on everyone's word about issues concerning me . it seems like the thoughts of others around you is more important on shaping like it is the ultimate goal in life . i get the ... i'm scared i'll be alone forever because i feel that i possess almost everything personally that the opposite sex finds horrible . don't you ever take anything seriously would it kill you to be a little more sensitive you're always busy aren't you you never think anything through you really have a great sense of humor i really hate it when i try to mold my reality to fit my fantasy . i have so much resentment inside of me for some of the people i was close to that have disrespected me and hatred towards myself for still caring about it . i may appear to have my head in the clouds ... does anyone ever get that feeling of being easily forgettable to people who you think about almost all the time because i do i have a tendency to look in the mirror for a long time and search for something worthy . i try constantly to change my appearance so i won't see the old version of myself , so i make several attempts ... my spirit is broken , i'm getting weaker , i'm having a lot of trouble controlling my bulimia , i can't think my way out of this manic depression i've recently learned how to look in the mirror and not feel a lot of regret . i've stopped idolizing the extroverts and stopped going out of my way to be nice and find a perfect connection with ... that is a tough question to answer because i don't think i've seen myself at my worst and have yet to see what i'm like at my best . as an infp i struggle with talking myself out of believing the obvious and accepting the inevitable . i struggle with not being afraid of appearing afraid to other people . people like to say infps need to get out of the dream world and live in a reality that they can see and touch . infps have a reputation for not accepting other people's truth because they would have ... its officially my 27th birthday and i feel terrible every single thing apart from breathing is a struggle . i struggle with sleeping . i could be up for days until my body is physically too exhausted to be kept awake with all the internal ... exhausting , starved , frightening certainly not you because you obviously know enough some parents can make their kids wish they never spent the time to stress them out about their inadequacy and the money to control their ... i could understand where the op is coming from and i can definitely relate except i feel like i do owe them something but i don't think i have it in me to repay them especially since they've hated me ... what makes me insecure - lack of social skills , my face , seeing girls more physically and personally attractive , rich people my no . 1 fear - ignoring the hopelessness of trying to make someone care ... i hate wanting to either be more alive or dead . i hate that i'm in my mid 20s with nothing doing right now while constantly driving myself nuts with criticism and manic depression . no one wants to ... well i do assume that even someone once said to me that when i'm with a group of people socializing , its not like i'm actually in the conversation . i'm more of a one on one socializer that is why i ... i often think about sorting my life out as much as i think about ending it i just hate when i dream of being someone i'm almost incapable of becoming . the thought of believing and hoping that things can be different starts out with feeling euphoria to end up depressed . i have been procrastinating getting my life together and indulging in the life within . right now im not seeing any light at the end of the tunnel maybe its because my eyes are shut . all i see is ... extremely suicidal i'm so wrapped up in what other people think about me its depressing me why do i always accept being in a state of sadness more than when i'm in a state of happiness i'm sick and tired of looking at others wishing i was them but i would still deal with life but i perceive it to be a life less difficult . but every one has a life less or more difficult i am so far into my depression that i hardly have the energy to go out and meet new people let alone get a job . it seems when i meet someone new of the opposite sex i quickly cut ties with them when ...