' hey , i recently watched a dance in so you think you can dance ( china ) , and would like to share this with you - . i was totally moved by this for ... just came across this thread and would like contribute a few of my comments ( i wish personalitycafe has an iphone app that i can visit this website more often :) ) . i am an isfj male - and i can ... hey angelfish . my avatar is a cute japanese bear called rillakuma . thank you so much for the information and encouragement . to be honest , i am more into psychology compared to social work , the ... thanks for the feedback , i have to admit that theory side of it is one of my concern , because isfj seems to prefer hands on / practical , but i think there is a lot of practical side of it too , such as ... yeah , i think i would enjoy the same ( i . e . building relationships , help people from their problems ) . originally i was thinking to go for teaching degree too ( another career that can help people ) , but ... - the power of now - eckhart tolle - the alchemist - paulo coelho - the monk who sold his ferrari - robin sharma - tuesdays with morrie - mitch albom - quiet - the power of introverts in a world ... hey everyone , i am considering going back to uni to study for another degree after graduated 10 years ago - just want to find out whether there is any psychologist or psychology major isfjs here ? ... welcome to the forum ! i can definitely relate all of the above . being an isfj myself , trying to please definitely is part of my weakness , but i am very conscious now in regards to this and ... i read somewhere that isfj although normally won't lead because they like to support , but under certain circumstances if nobody lead , then they can step in and help out , be in charge , especially ... same with others , i like to cook - especially bake . also dislike cleaning up :) the reason i like baking is probably because it relates to happiness . sweet treats normally make people happy , ... thanks all for sharing your view and feedback . i feel better now . thanks all - it is quite interesting . imagine the following situation : you went to community event and get to know an elderly that live by herself . she does not have kids and normally just ... i watched a soap drama this evening ( do you like soap drama too ? ) and in the drama it mentioned about hero complex , which i felt quite close to me heart , so i googled the term and found this link is ... my partner called me turtles - that said it all :) i guess a few traits : - require quiet period by myself - to think and chill ( in the shell ) - quiet when meeting stranger for the first time ... arrgghhh , that is exactly what i am planning . i resign from my current work , spend 1 month to explore and get my certificate , while looking for other opportunities , area of interests . after one ... i have no family to support besides myself , and have an investment mortgage but under control . so financially i think it is ok for short term ( ie 1-3 months ) without pay but after that , the ... yup , if i take the leap , the first thing i am thinking is to get a certificate that allows me to teach / train in my area of expertise , while this allow to support myself , i can perhaps explore other ... hi all , recently i am having some career crisis ( or midlife crisis :) ) myself , where i feel i no longer enjoy working in my current job after four years . i am a software developer ( it ) for 10 + ... what makes isfj cry ? i am a male isfj and while it is a bit embarrassing to admit that but i tend to think crying is just being true and honest to your feeling and emotion . movies and some music ... teddy - one thing i am sure is you are not alone and it happens to me , and all other isfjs . you are connected with all of us in here . and in regards to not to be liked - i thought we ( isfj ) are all ... i have read a couple of posts here about intj and isfj are quite opposite and appear to be no-no in relationship wise . however interesting enough i also found a lot of intj + isfj partners in here too ... i like the intelligence and bluntness of intj , actually admire and respect them ( don't think isfj or just myself can ever give an honest opinion straight in the face of someone ) :) . i find intj ... time will come pixie 85 don't worry . moving in and live together is the first step :) i enjoy decorating my house and re-arranging furniture so that the house looks comfortable and homey too . read ... hi all , i know this could be a boring topic but i am interested to know for all isfjs : - if you are currently working , what do you do for living ? do you enjoy your current job and what aspect ... istj ( many years ) + we are quite similar in terms of how we approach a problem , or making plans and actions . when it comes to activities , we always know each other what we are going to do , and can ... i never understood myself too : rolleyes : - guess that is what make us isfj i am an isfj guy and i love twilight series . the storyline is really engaging and the love between bella and edward just makes my heart melt :) . is isfj normally the romantic one ? start following ... hmm , don't know about other isfjs , but i have similar experience ( with me being the isfj ) with my partner a while ago - before i am more aware of my emotions . basically i will behave in a similar ... don't worry john , same boat here - isfj male . well i don't normally get comments about feminism , but some feedbacks are along the line of gentle , sensitive and soft spoken . the worst ( or best ) ... it happened to me once where i met this new friend that i really like - although he didn't tell me his mbti ( he did a test before in uni but forgot ) , based on several observations , i am quite sure he ... i consider myself pretty quiet most of the time , especially in a work environment , such as meetings . but i am learning how to express my opinion more but if too many peoples are talking at the same ... 1 . happy are you ? 7 2 . socially skilled are you ? 5 3 . lazy are you ? 3 4 . emotional are you ? 8.5 5 . book smart are you ? 7 thanks teddy - i definitely know what you meant by the state that you described above . when i sulked ( normally at home ) , i will keep to myself quite a bit and my head will replay the event over and ... thanks for the post . i was just thinking to create a new thread posting the same question about isfj sulking topic , but you beat me to it ! :) i am isfj and definitely have silent sulk syndrome ... thanks scamper ! i found it really interesting with the points that you made above because i agree with every single one of them - it is very surprising to read and it matches exactly how i would ... great work pneumoceptor and teddy ! just came across this post and i am really happy to see who is the real guy that we all known as the isfj teddy ! :) books definitely big part of my life as i love reading . and surprisingly i like to go to library - perhaps because it is quiet . i enjoy browsing books in the library without any goal . but will feel ... great choice bknight 554 ! i haven't read this book before but reading the description , i think it will be an inspiring and heart warming book - that an isfj will like :) i am starting to see myself changing over the years , like what you said above , no longer be empathetic , which i really really don't like about myself . i guess this could be the result of being taken ... - playing piano - read - surf internet - check out latest technologies , or research / read reviews / find the best deal if i am buying something - watch movies - play ps3 thank you for starting this thread - i am isfj male and similar to you , i am quite strong in feeling . most people see me as a nice and gentle person , no temper , patient , soft spoken . i definitely ... hey bknight 554 , i am guessing here - you as an intj - most likely will cringe when it comes to touchy feeling stuff - but as an isfj , i love receiving hearty messages / words - unfortunately as a guy ... as a isfj , we normally do things for others but don't ask for any return . however if someone did give us something that we like out of the blue , then we will feel we are being loved and appreciated , ... peoples that are arrogant , vanity ( no substance ) , ignorant , pretentious , dishonest , opportunistic , bad motives , dominant is okay but do not control every single thing that i do , controlling , loud and ... thank you ( eventhough you are the customer or you help someone when they come around and ask you for help ) sorry ( even though you have done nothing wrong ) let me know if i can help ... thanks for your reply and i find this interesting too . i have done the full mbti test and i am sure that i am isfj . i have a istj friend and i can see vast difference between me and him in terms of ... love dogs ! cute puppies are my favourites - labrador , golden retriever - they are sooo cute ! although would love to own one , but don't think i can take care of them while i am working . i like cats ... thanks plushwitch for the info about cognitive functions , do you have any good reference about cognitive functions ? piano and violin are my favorites . as i am learning piano at the moment , so playing sheet music is all i can do . however imagining if i am a pianist , then i still prefer to play sheet music , maybe ... haha plushwitch - like your emoticons above when you mention that your husband is not gay : laughing : yeah i am guessing maybe he is sort of in the middle between t and f , so it doesn't come ... '