'  ... your favorite place in the whole town is the library and though you have to force yourself to go out and borrow books , as soon as you get there you spend a lot of time searching for something ... sorkboard . well , putting your mbti type aside ... you may want to do something that you like ( that you think fits you better ) . you can always take a look to those articles online about the ...  hello ! i wish i had the ultimate solution for this issue but the truth is that i'm also currently working at this ( finding myself ) ... i'm kinda half-way . i can say it it works to verbalize your ... 1 . i can't remember exactly the context but i found this site trying to figure out ... which one of the mbti type i am ( after playing with the four letters for a while ) . i found a lot of interesting ... i have some ideas so i'll give it a try . maybe you'll forgive my boldness in making assumptions . you called them problems and you noticed how they affect your relationship with others . so , you took ... i guess ... i did this for a contest several years ago . i like combining shapes from human's anatomy with elements from nature . i find it interesting ... to try things . like ... origami : 133121 ... four seasons 133089 technique is not one of my strengths .   dream theater - learning to live  meliz , i put together some descriptions , to help you decide : istj , isfj , infp , intp , intj . have you ever tried taking an enneagram test ? it would help you understand yourself better . ( mbti explains ... hello , smeowgan ! welcome to personalitycafe , i hope you'll enjoy your stay . note : tapiocatern , take this as a ... little silly attempt to present you my thoughts as they are and i'm not saying they are anyhow right ( and it's not enough space on the internet for me to present ... you say you don't care enough about people's feelings , but you seem to care about yours to some extent . also , thinking that you don't care enough shows ( or at least to me ) f and ... it shows you have ... my conclusion : xnfp . i'm not sure about the e / i thing because you said you would be tired after spending your time with your family and friends : for the f vs t thing ( fe vs . fi vs . te vs . ti ) , ... i'm not sure i can answer your question , but maybe you'll want to read these threads , in case you haven't already : , ... i bought my one & only ( electric ) guitar five years ago , from the super-market ... it was a silly thing to do and then i waited two years to find a teacher . after a couple of lessons ( folk ) i become ... life inspires me ( and by that i mean everything i get in contact with , transforming and presenting them from my perspective ) . i've tried so far : writing short stories , poetry , lyrics , making music , ...  i consider identifying with characters a fi-thing ( i do it too ) . besides that , there are some indicators that show you care about how your message is received , like sorry in advance for the wall ... with that being said ... i'll go with enfp ( since you kinda ruled out enfj ) , because of those phrases : - to be able to do the things i am passionate about and become successful . - i have a ... i experienced the same situation some time ago . the best explanation for me ( that can apply to your case , but not necessarily ) is that i must've been confusing ni with something else . tests are not ...  i'll say exfp , more likely enfp from my point of view than esfp . now , i'm just curious what's the personality type that you doubt . ( i wait to hear from you ) yes , enneagram 1 may give a j ... exia , she's 35 . ( sorry for interfering . ) no problem :) well ... theoretically , personality can't change ( but can evolve with age ) so i'll say one of the results were wrong ( can happen to anyone ) . ordering the cognitive functions from your test , i got ... fizbio , as i see it ... the main difference between ne and ni is in this phrase : introverted intuition is about the box as opposed to extroverted intuition's outside the box . ne : what if ... ? , ... i'll go with intp , mainly because you talk about the present and past ( that indicates me a ne user ) . your empathy ( question 10 ) can indicate some fe , though i'm not sure . intj can be also possible , i ... i personally believe you're an enfp with social anxiety ( the closest intoverted alternative for this is infp , i suggest you read the description for both of them and decide for yourself ) i'll say enfj or ... enfp . you don't seem like an introvert to me ( and i say this because you seem to enjoy being around people ) . 15 wasted minutes .  '