' abortion - yes , i'm pro choice except for after the third trimester . at that point , it just seems too human to me , and you should have gotten rid of it by then if that's what you want to do . unless ... i've never said it but then again that may be because i've never loved anyone - at least not anyone who would ever dream of saying those words to me . it's difficult for me , but i imagine that if i ... hello and welcome to the site ! i am also part swedish , though i live in the united states and have never actually been to sweden . i still have a few relatives that live there . i'd love to visit ... hmm i never thought about this ... until now . all i can say is this : type 8s probably want to take control in the bedroom . type 4 s probably value the experience as a deep , emotional connection . 2 s ... ones : w2 apdenoatis : 1w2 2w1 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) giga blender : 1w2 2w1 5w6 zamyatin : 1w2 3w4 6w5 sp / sx vaan : 1w2 3w4 7w6 sx / so garbanzo : 1w2 4w3 5w4 sx proudtobeme : 1w2 4w5 5w6 sp / sx ... i swear i have door slammed more people this week than i've ever done in my entire life . i'm just so frustrated with it all . i've tried so hard to make it work with them but they obviously don't ... one of the magazines i read online is asking for submissions.the topic is ' frenemies ' and asks that i write about any relationship i've had in which elements of both friendship and enemy were ... asuzanne 515 i'm exactly the same way - i'm a good writer but not so good at verbal communication , especially if i don't have time to prepare what i'm going to say . schools need to understand that ... the first time i ever took the test , i was a freshmen in high school . i was part of a class for disabled students , where they focus on helping us study by discovering how we learn best . it was in ... it seems to me that today's society strongly encourages extroversion , especially in schools . i can't speak for everyone , but from my experience as a strong introvert , it seems to me that everyone is ... infj 7/10 i was extremely well known , but not necessarily well liked . no , people didn't hate me or hurt me , they just thought i was odd . everyone in the school knew my name and who i was , but few ... greetings , fellow infj ! i was also a lurker on this site for a long time before i became a member a couple weeks ago . i hope you enjoy your time here i'm happy with my personalty type . however , i think my life would be easier if i were an intj - less emotional mood swings and all that . i've always believed it is wiser to make decisions based on ... united states types three , six , and seven i am a true american lol jk except i don't have 7 in my tritype infj aquarius ! lol my type doesn't sound too happy either rloai - global 5 type descriptions in my defense , there are just a couple things i disagreed with in the description i am an infj and a strong visual learner . i'm not sure it correlates to my personality type , but i always attribute it to the fact that i'm an artist , so everything i do is visual . infp an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind greetings and welcome to personality cafe ! i'm fairly new here myself . i just joined last week . so far it's been a great experience . i hope you come to enjoy this place as much as i have . i hope ... according to the latest science , and my biology teacher , some traits are inherited . and i agree with most of you who say we are born with a preference for introversion or extroversion , logical or ... i always wish i could be in gryfinndor because it embodies the traits i value in others , and i wish i possessed those traits . but i don't . i'm pretty cowardly and have a long list of phobias , nor do ... do you think people are born with their personality type ? or is it developed and / or influenced by life events ? perhaps a bit of both ? i'm curious to see what you guys think . i have the same ... love the statement regarding infjs . peacocks are one of my favorite animals ! i've always felt they represent me somehow ( i'm an infj ) thanks . perhaps i will fill one of these questionnaires out and post it . just looking at the questions and thinking about how i'd respond has already helped me narrow it down . i still think i'll post ... my username is actually the greek variation of my real name , tiffany . i kind of have a fetish for greek names lol now tranquility ... that reminds me of an isfj . they seem to value peace and ... i've recently started college and my school's administrators are already furstrated with me because i'm trying to have it all . i said i intend to double major in psychology and english with two ... well , basing my assumption on amonite's brief research , and your explanation of your username , i am going to say intp . i'm an infj . personally i don't feel like my favorite colors reflect the infj personality much . perhaps they're more reflective of my enneagram ( 3w4 ) . here goes : 1 . what are your favorite colors ? ... yeah i know , that's why i've taken multiple quizzes from various sites . they all give me slightly different results , so that adds to my confusion . most of the time i am identified as a 3 or 4 and ... thanks for the link . according to that quiz , my trifix is 3w4 , 6w5 , 1w9 . also thanks for explaining the stacking . it makes a little more sense to me now enneagram test results the enneagram is a personality system which divides the entire human personality into nine behavioral tendencies , this is your score on each ... type 1 perfectionism ... uh , what assignment ? it's not perfect but it's good enough . nothing ever has to be perfect hello everyone ! although i am new to all of you , you guys are not new to me . i have been lurking around on this site for months , ever since my curiosity drove me to learn about the mbti . whenever i ... when you somehow know something about a person or an event without any evidence or facts pointing to that assumption - yet you just know it's true . don't ask me how i know , i just know . when ... '