' why do everyone believe infps are crybabies ? it always makes me so sad when i'm reminded people think this way , i could cry an ocean ! people are baaad buhuhuuu : crying : i can be bitcher than you ! i'm an infp but really close to enfp . why can't i puke rainbows as well ? :( before you talk , let me introduce you to my very deep feelings . i was with the most pretty girls in the school , but they were not anything like picking on somebody or rejectful . they were already very mature and that's what i loved about them . some guys hated me ... extraversion 25 agreeableness 86 conscientiousness 41 neuroticism 62 openness 42 yihaaa :D hahaha i'm sure it'll be one funny thread ! so , here i start with mine ! - tonight ( inna ) - satisfaction vs . temperature ( benny bennassi vs . sean paul ) - wish ( olivia inspi ' reira ) - daddy ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? infp 2 : what's your gender ? male 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? only-child 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? today , i've made a decision and i stuck to it . #proud #iamthebest #whyischocolatesodamnaddictive i've just found this chart , hope you guys find it useful ! it honestly fits me well :) 230898 infp hufflepuff ! <3 let's go straight to business . you're fired . :) why can't people just be like me ? i mean , the planet would be a much easier place to live in . wlecome to the infp world ! hi there ! hope my experience will be helpful as well . i agree with what f8alz28 just said . i'll add my own contributions : pros : depending on you implication and motivation , you'll be given ... gosh , i've just explained to you in every single detail how this arithmetic problem needed to be solved , once again ! how can't you just understand the logic behind this process ? it is so simple , i ... 229178 i'm a 2w1 ! thought there would be more infp in this type but i apparently was wrong ^ ^ can chocolate be considered as a drug ? i think i've become addicted since i can get really grumpy when i didn't eat chocolate for a while ( for 2 days to be more accurate ) , and i sometimes can't help ... hi there ! after reading the post i thought you'd find my own experience a bit helpful ! so here's the thing : i've spent three months for an internship in the region of quebec this summer , in ... thank you everyone for your welcoming posts and make me feel at home already ! i'm glad the avatar is doing well its job haha ! it's true there are a lot of infps subscribing lately ( including ... thank you very much people ! : wink : haha i honestly just googled avatar forum and thought this one was more unconventionnal as you said , as well as being funny . actually i wanted to use ... blue : 18 gold : 16 green : 10 orange : 6 am i the only one here mixing blue with gold ? ^ ^ both descriptions are pretty accurate to me as well . but since blue is linked to nf and gold to sj , could ... hi everyone ! please don't mind my thread title , guess i just need a little bit of attention from you lol which is pretty weird since i took the mbti test about two or three weeks earlier , and found ... '