' oh , lol . yes i'm fine , i mean as well as an isfj can be with a 6 month old baby and a recently sober husband who wants us back . i have very supportive family in the area . that's the only reason i'm ... it takes a lot for me to lose my cool and tell someone off . it only happens once in a blue moon . well , tonight i made a fudge . i'm in the process of reconciling with my husband ( on the condition ... people who think it's ok to dis my family . also my step-son's mother who keeps getting angry at my estranged husband because he keeps being who he is . which is the reason they aren't together ! stop ... this lacks tact , it feels very offensive because i worked so hard on my marriage , but ultimately you were right , though i wasn't crying about it . the complainy bits were honestly the pregnancy ... well the little guy is five and a half months now . having a baby has been really hard on my marriage . actually my marriage is just about over . my husband won't lift a finger for the baby . no diaper ... we have standards and expect people to try and be decent human beings ... and when they're not , we argue . at least in my life . i only feign humility and goodness , i'm actually arrogant , proud and controlling . :-/ as far as feminism goes i think gender equality is a great ideal . in practice , tho , at least in my part of the world it means my family needs two incomes to survive , which means that i have to work ... my ne is a constant state of fear and pessimism mixed with overwhelming feelings that i have to escape my life or become more controlling and powerful . it really is no wonder that isfj's are ... that sounds like a very serious and complex issue . to be honest , i really don't have a lot of advice for it . if i were going to put myself in your mother's shoes , what i would like and what would ... this ! actually this is how my friends and my sister got me into mbti . at first i avoided mbti like the plague because i thought it was too black and white and would rob me of getting to chose the ... thanks guys ! i'm feeling more and more like myself every day , thank goodness ! plus the little guy figured out how to nurse so we have almost erased all the negative side effects of being in the nicu ... i had my little boy ! he was born sick and had to be in the nicu for a week . :( he's all better , now , tho . the lack of sleep , lack of routine and emotional stress of having my baby in the nicu is ... i know right ! it would be such a terrible situation to be in , tho ! especially as an isfj , so sad . :( the thread that op posted on the istp forum was really interesting and informative and reading ... i'm pregnant , not even just pregnant , i've been due to pop any day for weeks now . if you are here on the isfj forum on a thread about isfj / istp's then really the topic matter has nothing to do with ... i'm married to an istp ! it's a lot of work . a lot of work . i think this pairing is harder on the isfj than the istp - and certainly in my case . my husband is very much go with the flow , so he doesn't ... i loved this article ! that is me to a t . there is so much about isfj's ( and really every type ) that gets misunderstood by the other types and i think they did a fantastic job explaining the little ... i wish more people viewed marriage this way . it really would help a lot of struggling marriages . i'm not a dating expert . especially not an expert on how guys should date in western society . but , if i had to take the initiative with a really nice guy ( be the first to text to hang out , for ... i identify with most of the isfj posts around here . if they aren't saying something that i've thought before ( and a lot of times they are ) , usually i can completely understand where they're coming ... haha ! my best friend already told me not to watch that show until i wasn't pregnant anymore ... which i still am . most stubborn baby , ever . come out already ! there was always a part of me that got ... best advice ever . actually your description of this relationship reminds me almost word for word of a relationship and break-up i went through . only we were off and on for the two years and had three ... am i nice person ? when i'm not pregnant . pregnancy has brought out horrible things in me , and made me extremely not nice . but even when i'm not pregnant there is a definite no-nonsense attitude ... i'm really sorry for the pain you're going through . i always thought i was a little odd when dealing with break-ups , but here are my answers anyway . 1 . how long does it usually take you to get the ... i loved foreign languages . hands down would study languages in all my free-time happily ( if the mental exertion didn't trigger my darn seizures ! ) . next to that i liked art , psychology and ... thankfully i'm due in the next few weeks and it looks like i'm going to have my little boy any day now . it's just so tough . it puts your endurance to the test ! i thought i had way more than i do . i hate everyone . i hate everything . i complain all the time . i don't care about how anyone feels but me . which my fe sends me into random bursts of guilt for , and then i go back to being ... dear everyone who wants or needs something from me , screw you . sincerely , an isfj i'm a wife and soon to be mother . ( come on , baby , you can come out now , really ! ) as a wife i look at it as my duty to keep my husband content and maintain a healthy relationship . i'm a type 6 , ... i don't like the set-up for most online dating sites - but i was extremely extremely picky about who i dated . and one of my rules for myself was that i had to know them in person , lol , which ruled out ... i write angry letters to the person who ticked me off . in them i'm just honest about how i feel and why i think they were wrong . i never send them - unless it was my husband that did it . poor guy . he ... it's not a quality of isfj's per se , but it is a common problem for us . it's found more when we're unhealthy , unstable , or immature . it's no more a quality of isfj's than vulgarity is a quality of ... dear xsxj , :'( - an isfj dear istp , can you please be a little more reliable ? sincerely , an isfj i think i'm on the edge of a mental crisis . my best friend is an enfp , we've been friends for a long time . we don't see eye to eye on many things , but we're both pretty open to not having to agree about things . i help her be a little more ... i don't like every infp i know , but my dad was one and he was my favorite person . :) i think infp's have a surprising capacity to be incredibly special and touching people . but a few of the ones i ... i'm fairly attractive and very petite . for most of my adult life , i get compliments on my appearance when i go to the grocery store , while i'm working , when i go out to eat , etc . i would put myself ... yes , that is almost an exact description of how i learn . i attribute my success learning foreign languages easily to ti . dear infp , i love you . i love you so so much and i can't believe you're gone . i just want you to hold me like you did when i was a little girl and tell me it will be ok , daddy's here , you're gonna ... lol ! i shouldn't have said bashing , i was just being overly sensitive . the comment rubbed me the wrong way , is all , but i doubt they meant any harm by it . and i happen to agree about our type ! i'm ... i don't aspire to any leadership anything , but when my bosses aren't around , my coworkers frequently ask me what they should do , or how they should do it . being confident in my job seems to make ... darn straight ! i must say the biggest pro of pregnancy thus far is that my moodiness is making me stand up for myself a lot more . i don't want to take crap from people - i take enough of it from my ... i get along way better with men than women . in general i can't stand girl's drama . my best friend has always been female , tho , because my culture just doesn't let met and women get super close like ... dear isfj , get a grip , stop being so selfish , start being self-sacrificing , and develop some compassion ! goodness , i'm getting sick of you . sincerely , an isfj i saw this on the istj forum and i had a lot of fun reading through their love stories . since we isfj's are so romantic at heart ( or at least i am . ) i thought this would be fun ! sorry if someone ... my brother in law is an istj and my sister is an infj . me and twinnie ( my sister ) were very very close to a young couple that lived across the street from us when we were in our late teens . when we ... dear life , i hate you . sincerely , an isfj i spent a good five years in extreme pain that i mostly hid from everyone . it made me very good at acting normal when i'm not feeling it . i don't often chose to hide my feelings - why would i ? if my ... my mom was only around until i was three , from what my dad says about her and how she was before she lost her marbles , she sounded like a depressed esfp - but who knows really . i look like her with my ... '