' me thinks the shitpost is one that just criticizes others without contributing anything to the thread or actually saying anything at all . to use terms you seem familiar with , ain't nobody got time ... i think nt women could have a great potential to be seductive . i mean , if i set my heart to it , i suppose i would be able to research enough and compile enough accounts , instructions , tips , and ... 535234 same here . in canada i'm considered moderate or slightly left leaning , but since immigrating to america i've often been labeled as a utilitarian socialist . i'm interested in if introversion v ... yes . often in fact . resulting in the conversation terminating rather abruptly . i think the reason we associate this kind of stuff with nfs is just because usually they are emotionally invested in other people and that shows , somehow , in how they converse with others--making ... 33/36 this seemed pretty easy . i think i'm good at reading people--their motives and intentions--and my social awkwardness comes with me not giving off the right cues and trying to figure out what ... yeah , i think intjs are a bit better at social maneuvering to achieve a goal , while intps would note the problem and just carry on with whatever they were doing instead of facing an overwhelming ... from what i've gathered nfps are about as subtle as a youtube comment board . obviously i don't know if this applies to all enfps , but the one's i know usually single me out , throw friendship at me ... i won over my intp by fixing things that were annoying to him , providing him with sustenance , asking for his help and opinions on things ( to show that i valued his input ) , and talking about random ... spice and wolf samurai champloo avatar the last airbender ( i don't know if this actually counts as an anime , but i saw it mentioned already ) i don't think of myself as emo or creepy , but i often creep my friends and acquaintance out a bit . i am prone to migraines and cluster-headaches , so i always try and stay in darker areas and i ... fe-si users typically drive me nuts ( so esfj and isfj ) . either one alone is fine--i generally really like enfjs and istjs--but the combination always rubs me the wrong way . did guys find you attractive when you were in high school , or college ? yes ( particularly intps , enfps and infps ) . most of my relationships so far have been more mind-mates than anything though ... odesza - bloom personally , i don't think i'm an asshole , but i get the sense that other people think i am often--usually when it involves babies or relatives . i'm fine with observing babies from afar , but i don't ... i like having parts of my life documented with photos ( i mean , it would be sad if i didn't have any pictures of various vacations and accomplishments ) , but in the moment i hate having my photo taken ... i've always been assumed to be much older than i am ( even by random strangers , so it's not just some ' air of wisdom and maturity ' ) . i'm a freshman in college , but because i'm taking a lot of higher ... pushing for him to expose his feelings would definitely be a mistake . although fi may seem unhealthy or underdeveloped compared to fe , it's just a way of processing . for myself , it's taking something ... i know it's unhealthy . hence why i put in on the thread what is the laziest thing you've ever done . i don't recommend it . with those whom i would go out of my way to spend time with ( good friends ) , i love being cuddled on . by people i don't care for as much , absolutely not . in general i hate being touched by people , but ... can't go wrong with an intp . witty , intelligent ( often geniuses ) , dark-humored , usually quiet and soft-spoken , thoughtful , chill--what's not to love ? if one looked up ' out of touch with reality ' in the dictionary , there's a high possibility that there would be a picture of one of my infp friends . he has no grasp on what is real and what isn't ( he ... infp : i often get along with them very well because they appreciate my ni and can be very good listeners . as i am used to being the listener , it is interesting to be the chatty one . they are ... sorry about that . * type 1 * action potential : 1w9 - 4w5 - 6w5 sp / so daewang : 1w2 - 6w5 - 3w4 femalegamer : 1-5- 4 iceblock : 1w9 jbking : 1w2 - 3w2 - 5w6 sp / so mindbomb : 1w9 -5-3 sx / so obstinatesnoop : 1w9 sx you're not necessarily wrong . i doubt you could lose 9 pounds in water weight / shit . however when one goes long stretches without nutrient intake , your body breaks down stored fat , or muscle tissue if ... just a friend . and then a different friend who complains about joint pain the next day . am i the only intj that can't stand listening to other people eat or drink ? any train of thought i've been developing derails and all i can think about is the ravenous animal who sits where a normal ... unnecessary noise really gets on my nerves . especially when people are just loud to keep themselves entertained or talk just to hear their own voices . i really appreciate criticism , and when people are honest enough to say what they actually think about me or my work . i take it was someone pointing out what lurks in my blind spots and thus lends me ... i think this is on point . the worse of a mood and mindset i'm in , the less willing i am to put up with someone else's cheery spouting and the more likely i am to tell them off and become even more ... they seem to flock to me . despite my hardcore rbf , they usually make a serious effort of befriending me ( sometimes against my wishes ) . i like most of them--how they love to talk about things that ... this happens to me too . if the present is in any way uncomfortable or monotonous , i retreat into my mind and plan ( or at the very least go through all the possible alternatives or think of some ... thank you , and good job on yours :) artsy intjs represent ! i was on the swim team in high school . it was great because i enjoy the water and the fact that i only did individual events and my practice largely didn't involve anyone other than my coaches ( the ... * type 1 * action potential : 1w9 - 4w5 - 6w5 sp / so daewang : 1w2 - 6w5 - 3w4 femalegamer : 1-5- 4 iceblock : 1w9 jbking : 1w2 - 3w2 - 5w6 sp / so mindbomb : 1w9 -5-3 sx / so obstinatesnoop : 1w9 sx ody : 1w2 sp / sx ... i paint and art a lot . i don't consider myself an artist , because i don ' like how wish-washy and sentimental the term is , but i enjoy making beautiful things if only because i consider myself an ... children are a dime a dozen ( depending on where you travel ) and easy to acquire . i think the situation is less about saving an ugly painting and more about saying a historical relic that represents a ... i dream most nights , but the only times i've lucid dreamed are when i've spent an excessive amount of time learning / obsessing over something in particular . when you learn that a friend has swollen tonsils and a fever and so you learn about every illness related to swollen tonsils and fever , then create a list of symptoms to check for next time you see ... i didn't eat for two and a half days because the only thing i had left was yogurt ( which i had eaten the day prior and was tired of ) . mind , i live 30 seconds walking from a grocery store and had ... the disconnect between talking online and meeting up in real life is totally an intj thing :D maybe just try to get her talking about something she's passionate about and laugh at her jokes . you could just ask her what you want to know . i appreciate that kind of communication in my relationships , and for my partner to become frustrated at me because i don't lavish emotion on him is ... oh , i think the sunglasses reinforce the death glare . especially aviators . an orange and half a pint of graham-cracker ice-cream . i'll probably have some toast later . there's also the fact that the attraction usually goes right over my head unless someone else clues me in or they straight up say something . i think it would be reasonable for someone to be attracted to me ( i think i'm decently good looking ) , but the idea that someone would watch my rbf from afar and still be attracted , or that someone ... incompetent people piss me off . and people who purposely act stupid or annoy me to get attention just because i try to ignore them . i'm in college and i dress semi-formal basically every day . dark jeans , boots , button-up , sweater and pea-coat . scarf if feeling festive . my friends make fun of me for having a drab and gloomy ... i think he's an intp . he has the search for knowledge aspect of an int , but his tendency to indulge and his indecisive flightiness reminds me a lot of intps i know . mycroft is the poster-child for ... '