' glocks are pretty awesome . they have definitely proven themselves . i also really like s & w m & p's . i like the feel of the m & p more , but i don't know if it has the same ruggedness as glock . i've heard ... it's creepy how many of you istj's are abdc . you really are terminators .. i've had the opportunity to shoot a s & w 686 , ruger gp100 , and a taurus tracker side by side at the range one day . the smith was easily superior terms of accuracy , finish , and trigger smoothness , and ... so if i were to say the joker were entp in agreement with everyone else , then say batman were esfp , you would agree with me ? even after i broadcasted my opinion through a site called ' hellokitty ' ? this is my most gnarly'st zombie chomper . it's pretty heavy , but one barely feels it kick thanks to that and the action . the red or green dot sight complements the uber-tight choke tube , which ... dbac - female inxx i feel like the ' c ' parts of my brain are repressed by habit , and i feverishly prod b into action by using d . a and c are kind of the ass-end of my cognitive processes , if you ... a person's self-image , be it idealized or perceived can vary drastically over time , even day to day . then add that to the misinterpretations and social facades of internet communications . it's absurd ... when i was a kid , we built doghouses out of straw bales . very easy and cheap . incredulously warm too . also , if the dog barked too much , you could easily put them inside the house and arrange the ... you need to define why you need a gun . a trusty 12 gauge pump shotgun will be cheap , reliable , and all around useful . people generally consider a shotgun the go-to weapon for home defense . pros : ... i'd tear the page out that had all the rules on it , first of all . then i'd rip out a page at a time for my own use . i'd also hide more pages in various locations . i'd research to see if it were ... light : xntj . his analysis of scenario-based foresight , his demeanor , his internal world . he seems really ntj-ish to me . i'd have to say omniverted , with a slight leaning toward e . l : i agree ... when around ' normal people ' , it's important to utilize the findings of your analyses in a humorous manner , or you will likely not be taken seriously . i discovered this from observing people whom ... certainly not . in fact , im deeply hurt by such an proposition . tags : ' muahahaha ' it would be interesting to combine this list with an entj guide to interpersonal domination . that seems to be the consensus . metalworking is epic ! i'd be interested to see your projects . also , you might consider going to and picking intp as your type . it will then display your ... and what might be your demands be ? intj first mbti test i took . though for the most part i consider myself an ntp . whom do you think you might be , poking at my grammars ? rawr ! 123go this is what im thinking ; by using the powers of introspection , collaboration , and behavioral modification with our understanding of mbti ( and other personality typing systems ) we can seize command of ... naw . i think it because this : on the outside , i appear to be a very intent listener , which i genuinely can be a good portion of the time . however , when im off in my own world , outside stimulus ... this moment , it is pondering ; why do i get fits of uncontrollable laughter when people are telling me tragic stories of their life then i generally figure it out . :p roud : now now , is it prudent to go about downplaying the appeal of orange snuggies ? ooh ! im single , btw . it doesn't count as nakedness if you're wearing socks ! i keep trying to explain that to the judge , but nooo . aaacgkt ! skynet ! : confused : : mellow : hi '