orthodox iconoclast yummy donuts do you guys have sources for these numbers ? i'd like to take a look myself sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk i called myself an introvert until i was about twenty if that says anything . i'm usually quiet when i don't feel comfortable or don't relate to others , but i'm definitely loud around people i'm ... seefow your examination of a typical type me thread was so spot on and funny . i just wanted to thank you for your phrasing . sent from my vs990 using tapatalk your post sounds like you're throwing up random bits you've read on shitty typology websites . there really isn't enough in your post to truly analyze your cognitive functions , but you gave me an se ... ya i feel like this too . i definitely weigh ti more than fe , but i consider fe in situations more than what's stereotypical . especially when i'm stressed my fe comes out a lot more . when i have no ... pretty much agreed with your standpoint on politics . i am obsessed with house of cards - definitely in my top 5 favorite shows , i would even feel confident saying in my top 3 . i like the process ... you should make a summary of everything you know for us noobs to use as a reference . i usually agree with what you say about cognitive functions anyway :) hit and miss with enneagram though ... reptilian should i unlearn everything i said above ? do you know anything about the theory if you unlearned it all ? did you relearn it differently after unlearning it ? i have just reached the end ... why the deaf kid got to sit in the best spot in class even though was always he was late for class . sent from my vs990 using tapatalk nope . i think of twenty different scenarios all at once and i don't care if i come to the right one or not . my motto is i'll figure it out when i get there . i don't think i am that good at ... you're right i didn't explain myself very well . i should have used the word causation instead of correlation . just because someone initiates a certain behavior doesn't automatically mean they are ... ok i didn't read most of this thread because most of it is not making any rational sense anyway . just want to throw in my two cents : yes they can , and i thought 7w6 is supposed to be common for ... dead on haha temizzle ya this breed can exist , i'm one of them . i get things done like a j but i definitely use neti . i half relate to people on the entp forum so don't hangout here as much . mostly creep ... estp off of the few i just watched . she doesn't reach far enough with her ideas to be ne , all her humor is centered around her main idea . sent from my vs990 using tapatalk this is really good . i 100 % agree - the enneagram looks like shit if you look at it to how someone should behave . it took me about a year of randomly going over to the enneagram subforum when i got ... definitely worth it ! i found it hard to get in to at first , it's not as logical to follow as cognitive functions . but it's a great tool that i apply more irl that mbti actually . i agree with ... razorsharp but in all seriousness what are you confused about ? the enneagram stuff ? sent from my vs990 using tapatalk <3 i love you too ! sent from my vs990 using tapatalk incorrect , that's how 7w8s answer . 7w6s look into what the person is really trying to ask and find the answer they are looking for ( if they have it ) . its not saying what the other person wants to ... i've thought about how sensitive i am compared to others before . i decided it had to do with if i could logic something out . i took this humanities class that ended up being talking about ... i think they're katy perry's , i can't remember :| sent from my vs990 using tapatalk these have glitter sent from my vs990 using tapatalk well ... i guess i'm done here then lol thanks sent from my vs990 using tapatalk i just read your other type me thread and i agree , you did sound more te-ish over there . are you fitting yourself into a box in one of these threads ? if so which one ? is one more real than the ... ok i'm still on my phone so i can't be as detailed as i know you need to understand my view . i'll try to go on later and i can insert comments into your post if you'd like . so i was stuck between ... hey i didn't forget but i'm working twelve hour days right now :| i'm gonna look at it tomorrow on my day off ! but my ti thought was based on vibe of how you wrote . te usually sounds more ... it only bothers me if i see it . my state is pretty well off so there isn't much directly visible as i go about my day to day life . i live by a grocery store and i have to drive the street behind ... i was thinking dom ti but i didn't finish reading the post . tired x ( sorry ! if i forget to come back you can mention me haha sent from my vs990 using tapatalk woah definitely a lot of ne going on there ! i think you are confusing ni with what seems to be fi . i sensed enfp off of your post . ne > fi there's two ways to look at mbti . there dichotomy ... simpson 17866 ya actually when i try to talk about it with people i start with just dichotomy because if i go with cognitive functions most people look at me like i'm crazy . so yes it has its ... simpson 17866 , thanks for the clarification ! i'm entp for cognitive functions but i'd type enfj for the other . i don't think dichotomy typing holds as much value though - seems more horoscopic to me ... what's the difference between myers briggs vs cognitive functions types ? i think personality cafe talks about the cognitive functions types as a default . sent from my vs990 using tapatalk entp - but this part i match . so i contribute having a strong 6 wing ( 7w6 ) and being sp instinct for for this ( for me anyway ) . i'm quiet with those i don't know merely because i'm being cautious ... i'm thinking intp or intj but i'm having a hard time telling if you're using ni or ti , sometimes it's hard for me to distinguish those two . i think focusing on that would be helpful ... if ... xleonhart did you ever get into tri-type ? sent from my vs990 using tapatalk what is flowing in your environment ? have you looked into your enneagram ? i sense 4w5 , 8w7 ? i still don't see infj even though everyone else seems too . sent from my vs990 using tapatalk you write like my intp 1w9 brother ( he's double checking but he's leaning more intp than istp ) he doesn't do the 5 paragraph answer but you can tell there way more thought behind what he's actually ... this is just a hunch because there's not much to go on , but this reads more intj than infj to me . my dad is an intj 6w7 and when he's in a good mood he gets goofy in a way one might describe as ... xleonhart describe what experiencing ni means to you so we can get more of a picture . describe whatever else you want too , i need more to go on personality ! also i think self study > the ... isfp . i didn't think you sounded j at all except when you talked about being organized . tons of fi flying around . how did you get 1w9 ? i was thinking 4w3 but idk enough about type 4 ... biologically i'm programmed to be a morning person . but sometimes i test out what it feels like to be a night person . i only make it up until about 1am and then i feel shitty the next day .. ... i learned something new haha sent from my vs990 using tapatalk i got a strong intp vibe as well sent from my vs990 using tapatalk you could edit your first post and add a statement saying you've identified with infj etc . i think right under the title so its the first thing people saw would save them the trouble ! glad you ... aurorarogersskywalker something that helped me at the beginning was just hanging around the entp forum and seeing if i fit in . i'd go over to the infj / infp forum and hangout for a while and you'll ... pessimistic people really bring me down . i can take them in small doses but eventually i need to get away because being around them is such a drain it makes me depressed ! if these people are truly ... i felt infj through your op . skimmed the rest of the thread . i'm leaning pretty strong saying your an intuitive . i didn't see a lot of dom fi traits , although you could argue that some specific ... yes it helped thanks ! i do exactly what you explained in the skyrim example lol . i literally wandered around and did whatever thing grabbed my attention at the time ( which involved a lot of ... you're post really made me think ! my mind is stuck on this part though , if you wouldn't mind helping . i read it through and related to finding the meaning in the situation . what i can't figure ...