woo it's been years . time to rub off the dust a little . anyway , i am an infp who joined back in 2013 and i am a 20 year old literature undergraduate . recently i have been studying the canterbury ... is there anything else i can add ? sorry for bumping again . i just want more answers . bump ! hello all :) . if you read my posts , you would know i was suffering from depression not too long ago . during that time , i was certain my personality type was infp . i have started to wonder whether i ... hmm ... this should be interesting . i make quite a lot of characters , but here are my most developed ones . male protagonist : infp female protagonist : enfj ( not love interest for the record ) male ... thanks . you've given me a little bit of hope . i'll hopefully be going to university in september ( i had to repeat my last year of school thanks to depression ) so i'll be free soon . my mother also ... we've tried before , but she refuses to go and we can't force her . i would really love to help in that respect but you can't exactly help someone who doesn't want it . hello everyone . i haven't been active here for a very long time , but i feel this is something very serious . i think my mother may be emotionally abusive . she has always been fiery and has tended to ... 126 - isfj 278 - enfx 369 - istp 368 - estj 136 - istj 135 - ixtj 146 - infj 359 - xntp 145 - inxx 125 - infj 469 - ixfp infp 471 sp / sx i'm a gardener . i have a general idea how my story is going to be . i know my beginning , exact middle and end but i also fill in quite a few blanks . i also tend to create characters before plot lines ... isfp profile a very interesting page about isfps : happy : could very possibly be his tritype . heart centre : i'm almost certain it's 4w5 gut centre : 9w1 , 1w9 or even 1w2 head centre : 5w4 ... really ? i'd be pretty interested in meeting you ( hope i don't sound too stalkerish ) :P i'd definitely say he was introverted . probably feeling too . whether he's sensing vs intuitive or perceiving vs judging , i'm not sure . 5w4 could be a possibility . just for fun , try and type the main character of my story . here is a little bit about him . . very interested in music and writing it , listening to it and playing it . . not terribly good at physical ... i lol'd : crazy : person a : infp person b : intj person c : esfj just a guess . maybe a bit more information would help me understand their functions better . they're probably too psychologically effed up to type . i agree . the only halfway decent test i've found is the keys 2cognition test . i find it's more reliable to get other people's opinion , rather than self-diagnose , as people usually have biases about ... for some reason or another , i am really interested in the enneagram tritypes and wish to find out more about them and their ways . just thought i'd pop by and ask your opinions on the tritypes ... ok i know its been a while but here's a few more . 1 . 6w5 - 1w2 - 2w1 sp / so 2 . 9w1 - 6w5 - 4w5 so / sp 3 . 1w2 - 2w3 - 6w7 sp / so 4 . 7w8 - 1w9 - 3w2 sx / so 5 . 7w8 - 9w8 - 3w2 sx / so 6 . 6w7 - 4w5 - 8w7 sp / sx 7 . 3w4 - 7w8 - 8w7 ... anyone ? bumpity bump . hello everyone . i'm back for 2014 : happy : while i was away , i did some contemplating . i had myself typed as an infp 4w5 but now i'm not entirely sure . now that everything in my life is changing ... i'm back . just had a bit of a break to catch up with all the things going on in my life . this question has been plaguing my mind during that break . would you say society is more accepting of ... a shiba inu . or a siberian husky . ... lol the hamster is actually a rat :P i personally think that most men are afraid to admit their love for the cutesies because of society's expectations to be manly , which is usually by their definition detached , unemotional and tough . i ... some more : o 1 . 5w4 - 2w3 - 9w1 sx / sp 2 . 7w6 - 3w2 - 9w1 sx / sp 3 . 1w2 - 2w1 - 5w4 so / sp 4 . 7w8 - 9w8 - 3w2 so / sx 5 . 9w8 - 4w5 - 5w4 sx / so intj because morbid stuff and disintergration howdy y'all . just thought it'd be fun to guess the mbtis of these tritypes . comes with instinctual variants too ! 1 . 8w7 - 7w8 - 3w2 sx / so 2 . 2w1 - 1w9 - 6w5 so / sp 3 . 1w2 - 6w5 - 2w1 so / sp 4 . 4w5 - 5w4 - 1w9 ... perhaps :/ like i said this isn't really my best thread . no . i never said that nfs , nts and sps are incapable . anyone can be a capable worker . all i'm saying is that is see a preference for certain characteristics . i think this thread is a sinking ship ... entp , stop being such a smartass and get a job that doesn't involve conning people . you have just been banned from world of warcraft , intp . i guess it's the end of the world for you . i never said sjs were bullies . some of them are the most helpful , caring people in my life . i am simply theorising and my theory is probably wrong anyway . believe me , i am aware that nfs are very ... infj because of lotus symbolism : crazy : entp because of your avatar lolz . perhaps . maybe its my irrational side showing . please lay off the sugar , enfp . yeah , i imagine sjs have pressure put on them too but for different reasons . i think everyone is pressured unfortunately . no disrespect to sjs , of course but it seems to me that society favours sj traits . for example , the ideal worker is pragmatic and down-to-earth ( sensor ) and reliable and punctual ( judger ) . for ... hi . i have been an avid writer since i was very young but i have never started a big project and seen it through to the end . i have had many characters in my head for this story and have even written ... yep . he definitely likes to poke fun at people but harmlessly of course . and he has quite a few ideas . i've been curious of my friend's type as of late . just thought this would be a bit of fun :) - takes history , english language , drama and media for a level ( for anyone outside the uk , a levels are ... she could possibly be an esfj since she's not into theory . that's a sensor trait apparently . ever wondered what it'd feel like to have human emotions , intj ?