i would say gayle is an infp 4w5 so / sx , a very unhealthy one . she's melodramatic and attention-seeking , weird with tragically low self esteem , what nts who complain about infps picture . ... maybe isfp she can seem extroverted but i sometimes feel she's trying hard to be that and and that takes a lot out of an introvert . i got 471 4w5 7w8 1w2 i don't know i relate to different parts of the head types in the past i thought i was a 9 but i have questioned that recently . i could see the nine questions in there ... all three seem to indicate ixfp but definitely introverted enneagram or mbti is fine for mine 1 . i have more vanity and pride that i like to admit to . 2 . i tend to analyze my feelings . ... what would bonnie's enneagram be ? i lean toward 6 or 8 . her focus is annalise and protecting her but i might be looking at her character to narrowly . my dreams seem mundane in comparison to what the rest of you experience ! lol i don't have this one much now but another one is i am back in school and i don't know what is going on or i am way ... i often dream i am in a large building ( medical , hotel , store etc and it's all or largely empty . other types of dreams have me either on a road trip ( something we did a lot as i was growing up ) ... same . [ / quote ] i didn't expect to like veronica so much more than betty . but i do . interesting twist with miss grundy ! yes it's so not the comic version . i like the show but i agree it seems like they want to make riverdale into twin peaks . reggie probably is estp but i don't think we have seen the ti to this ... i sometimes question if i use ne or ni but when i read stuff like this i know i use ne . i guess the question is more if it's actually my inferior function . the possibilities , the odd connections ( ... i agree veronica estj betty esfj jughead infp cheryl ? archie ? reggie ? ( ugh ! ) ms . grundy isfj ? with nothing to analyze i will just do the five . 1 . i have noticed some posters on pc say they don't notice the taste of their food much and that could be inferior sensing ? at least inferior si ... i was thinking this about this.just my best guess . house 5w4 wilson 9w1 maybe 2w1 cuddy 3w4 cameron 1w2 or 2w1 over exaggerated and delving into the extreme of healthy and unhealthy or not - i'm gonna split some hairs about mrs . hudson : i rectify what i wrote , that she was esfj . she must be enfj . she had ... kind one of my guilt pleasures ! i watch certain shows for a distraction thinking about the adult mr ratburn istj binky's mom esfj bitsy baxter enfp that was so funny i wish i could say that sometimes . i never that sure about dw's type . i was thinking of characters like molly and rattles now that they aren't bullies . molly probably an estp or ... isfp not about but a family member 1 . she has exceptional people skills.good at helping others 2 . she's good with money . good at saving and planning 3 . no real ego about her but she is ... perhaps 5w4 maybe a 4 enfj 1 . i go back and forth between aggressive ( although not violent ) and meek . it seems like an odd combination 2.the first thing i notice about a room is the smell ( outdoors as well ) why ... fi / fe 1.fi 2 . 50/50 3 . fi 4 . fi 5 . more fi 6.fi 7.generally fe but i do feel more drawn to certain individuals and groups ( fi ) 8.fe 9.fi what about gayle ? i have just been watching the thanksgiving episode when bob has to pull her through the snow in a kiddie pool and it turns out she's faking her injury.she is so annoying but ... that really made me laugh about tina ! she does have her fantasies which i guess is why she is considered to user higher ne but it's limited to her a few things she seems obsessed by . gene is so ... are you sure you are isfj , i get crazy isfp vibes from you . like almost all of your statements reminded me of my isfp bf . isfp . 1 . i love adventure and being in the moment , but i can't help but ... istp seems likely i have done this so many times but maybe i can do it again without being too repetitive . 1.when i think of hobbies it's more the passive or indulgent type i enjoy ... louise fascinates me ! i am not completely sure her type . i could be convinced otherwise . i do sometimes find inferior ne and fe difficult to tell apart . both seem emotional . could tina be ti ... i would say tina is some kind of isxj . inferior ne stresses you out and she has that even in minor situations . the thing is it also can bring out a goofy side . bob istp linda esfj - the bed ... i will miss mary but i guess it's inevitable . i have seen various typings for her estj , entj , entp , even istp . seems like a lot of fe and ti 4 ? maybe ne and ti interested in and trying to understand different things . entp 1 . i am one who will brood when hurt . i may want to talk about it but the words are ... a ) unconscious childhood message 1 . type 3 it's not okay to have your own feelings and identity . this is more in general i felt this . it's not like it's intentional but as much as you feel like ... could sherlock's need to goad others push their buttons be inferior fe ? after what happened to mary i was thinking it might show inferior se , that he doesn't take consequences into account . he didn't ... yes i think estp makes sense for haley . ti with her is often figuring things out to her advantage . you see it play out with fe.she also will point out to alex it helps if people like you . i hadn't thought about intp for lily . interesting , i'm never sure about her type . yes i am back to esfj for gloria , after watching a handful of episodes recently she is an fj and so is cameron . gloria is the esfj and cam is the enfj . haley definitely uses fe . isfp maybe don't pay too much attention to my type . i ' m not sure of it . 1 . try as i might to plan ahead i often do better to adapt as something happens . 2 . similar when i write the best ... i may be wrong but i thought the most recent episode could be a good example of inferior se for sherlock . his need to goad sometimes makes him forget about consequences . he didn't know what mary ... peppermint patty seems to use fi not fe . she misses a lot too for someone with strong se maybe estj ? i don't know she's my favorite . arthur istj buster enfp - could he be anything else ? francine estj brain intj ? muffy esfj sue ellen esfp ? fern infp george isfp binky isfj prunella not sure low sensor i don't think he's fi really , i have him more like fe , but then , most type him as isfp . i just don't think that's true . [ / quote ] yeah i know some type him as isfp but i also see esfj ! very different ... that sounds right to me . he steps in to help the way barbara will . he's very approachable . could hagrid be an ixfp ? would high fi look outward for emotional support ? he might be picky who he wants from someone he likes and trusts but he still needs it . it seems like most of the later characters are mostly sf's and estj's nurse crane and patsy estj barbara esfj delia isfp ? what about tom ? the recent christmas episode made think he's using ... i like alone time outdoors i usually prefer it that way . i like hiking or just a long walk with no one else . it's questions like this that makes me question if i am a true introvert . i can spend a fair amount of time alone but with some kind of human interaction for short periods of time . that said hours ... some of the inferior fe i can relate to . i do have a problem thinking i could be a ti dominant . i feel like i have known enough people with dominant and auxiliary ti if i understand the function ... for me ( i know it's not my thread ) but i can relate to both to a degree but maybe more the second one . i can be pretty nitpicking and critical when stressed . i get irritated at a lack of ... i share many of the same traits myself ( thinking more i am some kind of ifp ) ne is possible but i have doubts . i'm sort of a realist / idealist . i hate brainstorming sessions . i am better and ... fe possibly not type related but p ? this reminds me a lot of ti-dom friends i have without knowing why you love them i can't really type it but the end of the sentence gives si vibes ti i ... wonderful ! i am pleased you included minor characters like nurse kelleye although she deserves more than minor character status . i like the typing for potter . i think it ' would be typical to type ... is blake fe or fi ? you know your an ambivert when you read this thread and your life suddenly makes sense . i agree function wise your either introverted or extroverted but i think very few people fit the extreme ...