' i very very strongly believe draco is an intj . im the purest of all slytherins . they call me salazar . hah i think estj , im dating an estj and sometimes i feel he is donald trump . not good . ill go through alot of pain in the first few days , then the hating phase will start . when i hate , im over it . i get over it fast , but it can be really painful . i usually never stop hating . dark sarcasm is my way to go , unfortunately for my friends . you speak fluent sarcasm , maybe the cold type . you make dark jokes and people question your sanity . every villain has your type . youre a villain . you.are.a.villain . walk and speak just a little bit before 1 years old , my mom thought i was some kind of genius , but then she found it it was common . whelps i dont even bother , otherwise ill repeat myself in the most rude manner ever . i hate it so much its my pet peeve number 1 , maybe . my two best friends are each enfp and infp , i find myself being very very annoyed by the enfp and out of the world ideas , i dont know , i love him alot , but sometimes he stresses my nerves . so i ... know what i believe is a disorder ? homophobia . im the proudest pansexual youll ever meet . ill date a transgender , an agender , third gender or cis-person and ill be super happy . i dont judge by ... you always need an asshole somewhere in life , if thats me then perfect . ok not to be brag but ... top 7 in the stupid color test . mwhaha the whole map . mwahahaha i'm so wrong it hurts world of warcraft league of legends scream queens ariana grande french ( native ) spanish ( native also ) english portuguese italian swedish / danish alright so , my hair is very very pale blonde to my chest length , i have the lightest skin in the world , medium boobies and a small butt . im 52 . here are some pictures of what i dress like : ... im smoll . and too skinny if u want my opinion . as long as i have boobs , my gender will remain female . its not that im bad at maths or anything , i just like spanish so much more hahah ok so here is what people say of me : - resting bitch face - cold and shady - always giving salty remarks - speaks fluent sarcasm - seems like he is on top of the world warning signs that could possibly save my life . #sorrynotsorry 488666 4886 74 488682 something being forced on me , people honking , talking too loud ( like damn bro keep it shut ) , annoying brats in general jfhdhjgfd i hate everything , that clear ? omg thats awesome ! i can relate to that , i go deep into things that don't matter much and enjoy it way too much it depends of the days , im very bipolar and my downs are very low . i struggle with an ed as well so it doesn't help if you play wow lets be friends . i need friends on the game i play to avoid friends . makes sense .. you googled the definition of a pineapple , just to make sure .. question life way too often ... stay up all night even though you were tired all damn day canada should be 4 lool infp avoid scorpios . shit im a scorpio what do i do world of warcraft , if anyone plays please message me ! fallen angels - bvb im anorexic and i have the shittiest attitude ever . like don't fck with me because ill be on you forever trying to ruin you . im trying to fix this hey guys , my name is lili , im a hispanic teen that speaks french and spanish ( english ovi ) and i love everything dark . im a grunge / goth blogger and have my tumblr here : nyctocphilia i love metal ... '