' yeah there are nothing but squeakers on effing bo2 on fucking xbox , almost 100 % of them . thats why i refuse to own or play on an xbox , pc eliminates that problem . i know right , yet more people play cod than any other fps out there . it makes absolutely no sense . this is the first time ive ever played a kill confirmed match and i think it went pretty well , i ended up going 76-1 ! i mostly play a lot of ffa and a little tdm from time to time . ... there is no aim assist on pc :/ and even if this were on console and i was using aim assist , aim assist does not calculate the trajectory of tomahawks and ballistic knives from opposite ends of the ... used to play a lot of counter-strike 1.6 , and various strategy games like age of empires 3 and age of mythology . oh yeah definitely , i have a blast making people mad . thats part of the fun man , part of the reason its that way is bc you kind of deserve to die if you are going to let someone get that close to you with a knife if you are using a gun with bullets . ... could be ur browser maybe . its strange that its not working for you , but yeah i laugh all the time . thats pretty much why i play , to piss people off , 7 times out of 10 i can win matches just using my knife and axes , it really ... this is my 2nd attempt at video editing . just some of my gameplay footage of tomahawk and ballistic knife final killcams . thought i would share with all of the fps fans out there . ... this is my 2nd attempt at video editing . just some of my gameplay footage of tomahawk and ballistic knife final killcams . thought i would share with all of the fps fans out there . ... i deleted the video , there was too many things wrong with it , fixed the errors , edited , and reuploaded . binary code and mathematicals are just small tools we've extracted from the existence of reality , small tools and parts that were taken off of an entirely much larger machine to try to figure it out ... you have to read and watch the theory to draw your own conclusions , i provided video . im not the one who made the findings , physicists did . you seem pretty legit so ill take ur word for it , ill watch it when i get a chance . yeah this feels real enough for me to be honest with you im quite happy with how realistic everything is , props to the creator for that . i wonder what would happen if we all out'ed ourselves at the ... thats basically what the scientific community is debating about right now ... it wants us to find out though , it most likely plays a huge role in such a simulation . useful things could be learned from trying to make such discoveries about our universe , like manipulating spacetime for space exploration ? who knows what it could lead to also , the one that brought out the worst in me was an esfp . the root / infinite knowledge or root / infinite creator then ? i would guess that a root creator would be running such simulations for the purpose of omniscience . thats kind of the basis of our nature i ... thats insane , if we are smart enough to turn mice into fighter pilots ... just imagine how smart the higher knowledge is . so far , isfj provides me with the most security and stability . but the least amount of understanding . one example is an argument we got into about pornography , she was going on about how the world ... yes but computer is the best way we know how to describe it because it would be a technology that is beyond any level of human comprehension . about your previous post , the only real way to test these theories would be to simulate them in unison i guess ? which would basically lead to a type of creation ultimately , if done correctly and ... refer to the videos posted in the pages of this thread . make sure you watch some holographic universe theory vids on youtube too , there's shitloads of them explaining the theory . ... i don't understand ... how else do you want me to say it ? how am i misinterpreting these theoretic discoveries ? i feel like im the one being trolled . im repeating their words ... word for word . how ... im coherently ok now , i think people should be allowed to interpret and have fun with different ideas , that's all im doing . trying to make sense of the things im reading about and the and the ... im drunk right now and i dont want to argue with anyone , so im just going to say yes to whatever you just wrote . they are just mathematical theories . i do know that mathematical theories have proven to be true given time , more so than theology . which is why i lean more towards science , science seems to be able ... everything is nothing but code , you don't need to argue with me you need to argue with physicists . im going by what they say because they know a lot more than i do , plus it makes a lot more sense ... we now have the ability to store digital information on human dna , one ounce of human dna can store enough information for 7 billion ipads . this coincides i think with the theory that we ourselves ... perhaps reality is all code . dot best i could find yes that's correct but some of what is being found is translated into computer language . it's like making a discovery that existence is made up of the english language in the form of random text , ... ive been doing a lot of reading up on physicists latest findings and the only thing that even kind of makes sense to me is that we are actually an artificial intelligence embedded in a supercomputer ... physicists are actually coming to an understanding that binary code is buried deep within atoms , which would mean that ultimately , everything is all just code . physicists in the past couple of ... dr . s . james gates , jr . , a theoretical physicist , the john s . toll professor of physics at the university of maryland , and the director of the center for string & particle theory , is reporting that ... you are right about it being there regardless of whose around to witness it , im just saying the existence of reality has no meaning without consciousness to create a meaning . for conscious beings , ... let me rephrase it into a win win argument then . reality doesn't need conscious beings to realize that it exists in order for it to exist , it will be there regardless . however , without ... ok , reality is there , reality exists , but it only becomes reality once there are people to realize reality . otherwise its just a bunch of meaningless shit . in order for reality to really exist there ... take an idea for example , what is an idea if nobody is around to think about it ? or if the idea is there but nobody has thought about it yet ? until the idea is in someones head it doesnt truly exist . reality is a concept of the people trying to understand it , without anyone trying to understand it or observe it , it does not exist . yes , reality is only relevant to someone or something that is making an attempt to observe it . without someone or something observing reality there would be no reality because reality is only what is ... they have boiled it down to mathematics , mathematics tells them that the universe is a hologram being projected from some source of data . what is interesting though is that they , through this theory , ... i wouldn't necessarily call trying to get to the root of our existence stupid , the answers we may get during this search may get redundant , but the search itself is not stupid . maybe to you it is ... i have the exact same problem , i think the key is finding ways for it to be directly beneficial in an instantaneous gratification type of way . which unfortunately is hard since it wont be monetarily ... thats a pretty walnutty idea . that is a good video , and its hard to believe that everything including you and i all came from the same piece of mass from the beginning of time . i was watching a documentary on the keplar satellite ... if there were aliens somewhere in this universe that knew we existed , but weren't even interested in us simply because they thought we were technologically uninteresting or saw us as that ... '