' no buddhist's ? what the hell ... ... i would say entp well they are calm , taking care of others ready to cheer you up and so on ... actually i don't know how to express it , i just feel them as a warm persons ( mostly ) . : bored : well infj's for me is a warmest type of all . my mother is intj she's the best ! meditate : bored : coool dude me me ! : cool : ahahaha ... i can see a difference between entp and istp : confused : i think i didnt said psychologically ... just hiding it thats all : bored : wise thinking great knowledge - thanks for sharing ! well your body is art and design of perfect intellect body is itself art and true mirror of your soul ... with tattoos you just hide yourself in some so called art which is probably beauty for ... well the best way to find it in my opinion is to think about your natural self clean all the tending your past and stuff ... leave yourself clean .. and then think about your passion - your true ... spiritual and intellectual development - understanding . - philosophy . well i agree with gimsys  yes i do all day : crazy : as i said buddhism don't have god . they dont believe in god or something they just know that you can develop yourself to a higher level of understanding . and you can find a wisdom which is'nt a part ... well its a concept and the concept is concentrated into one point . my point is experience . buddhism still is a lifestyle to me . by the way christianity is formed from pagans . i had some research ... ahahahahahaaa . its funny but in the same time sad . thanks ! well then its alright . i just was'nt sure about myself . what you have to do is take it calm to the positive vibrations . if you broke your leg you don't have to analyse it like : oh crap ! what i can do now ! .. maybe some medicine would help me ? ! ... so if it ... which type is'nt ? so ... i get bored easily too . but because there is nothing more to talk about . i don't like to talk like : hey how are you ? what you did yesterday ? what you planning to do later ? and stuff ... its ok ... well that's what i'm talking about ( level 1 ) . there is many ways to reach one point . some of them is so similar that you can find just symbolism different . some of them are totally different ... did you read it on wikipedia or ... nature ones . ( fire god sky god thunder god and so on ... ) i am tend to believe in nature but i dont need gods : wink : science is a religion too ? philosophy ? ... before i didnt and was running from it . now i do but i don't read books or something . that philosophy is inside me . maybe first i would ask what is your view but i think that you didnt even work on ... there was a while since i post my thoughts here . so there it is : alright i'm back . after different variations of calculations i came to realise a lot of things about life about the wisdom which ... fusion time ! : crazy : philosophy which can be practically applied hmm maybe my thoughts were wrong . i think that religion is concerning to god's . buddhism does not have these . also i think so because in buddhism you can find lots of practical things from mind to ... right and left hemispheres explain's a lot about the personality ... you can understand by applying many things if you know which hemisphere is working on exact person ... as i sawalfreda's report i ... eh . you two so predictable . actually i planned this ( kiki-ki ... ) . so my long explanation is : buddhists do not believe in any god's . ( ihihihihihi ... hi ... hihi ... ) : crying : its a long talk . a lot to explain why christianity is'nt and buddhism is . so i'll stay quietly do what your heart desires ... money is a second thing rich - greed a lot - greed again really want - what is real desire ? what they really want ? good life , great qualities - what is good life and great qualities ? how this good life and ... buddhism is not a religion . buddhism is a lifestyle ofc i don't paint with a calculations or something . i use my brain sides as much as it needs to do something im tend in both - balance big ego poor knowledge but its worth waiting all religions have the same point just the road is different or rather have a different signs . some of the signs for a person is more acceptable than others . some believe in jesus some in buddha or ... hmm ... mostly entp's , infj's in my opinion sex have to be from love ... and i will not have sex without it ! ... exactly ! i have a boring conversations with peoples of my age ... mostly i talk with at least 5 ~ years older peoples than me ... and yea even they agree that i seem more old inside than my ... cloud my thread name probably wrong ... i mean what reflections about something you have ... it can be even funny or serious lets feel free sharing our thoughts - it can be anything even an idea ! ... i dont care about the age ... and height too .. for me the life partner can be any physical form ! .. taller or shorter ... i first look to inside ( im not talking about if the person is really really ... heh i can see part of myself in all of you ( i mean about thoughts ... ) hmm ok this one comes from today coming home from a bar ... i thought that everything is in a harmony and if you broke your leg ... so i didnt found like this one ... this thread is about what something funny or maybe serious you had today or maybe 1 year ago in your mind when you washed your hands or read the book or ... i got a little idea ! ? ! ... maybe there is some similarity's between hours days and months for example in june 12 13:20 and august 12 13:20 or january 17 15:40 and so on ... but we need the knowledge of ... thanks variance for the gemini's text and yep . i'm gemini ! .. '