' this is exactly what i would think ! it really depends on the situation . i'll give the door slam and not go looking for them again . if by chance we do happen to just crash into each other again , i'll reassess the situation about them . i ... pretty much the same here . i used to just door slam , but now they are generally too scared to press the issue once i tell them to leave me alone . i will basically just make communication unpleasant ... thanks guys ! seems you just have to stick your head out a little bit in order to meet people > < ; who would have guessed haha . this is going to be a kind of reverse thread that i see around here . normally i see other types asking where to meet infjs . i was wondering where other infjs have met their significant other in ... lol @ what social gatherings would i find you in ? the ones where we're having a party with ourselves xd . basically anywhere that's quiet and we can feel like we won't be disturbed . approaching ... it sounds like he likes you , but doesn't know what to do about it and thinks you don't like him back . he's trying to get you to miss him etc by the sounds of it . if you were doorslammed , he would ... i believe the saying is a moth to the flame . for both of you . i believe because they are intuiters . in my group of friends , i always see intuiters teaming together , against sensors , who seem to like to be their own team . i'm not saying this is the case here , ... wow , i have everyone of those symptons up to 20 , then after 20 i don't have . i think i've dealt with it and doing just fine now though . so i don't think i have it , at least any more . pretty much the same with me . although getting drunk just makes me tired . i also hate loud noises , and it's difficult to connect with people when there's 8435894958 other people around you , being ... yeah , generally if you talk to her more & do things ' datish ' she will get the picture . maybe even talk about it after some time too . if she likes you , or could like you , she wouldn't really mind ... yep . you betcha . i can feel it coming on too right before i get it ( sometimes as early as feb , mar , i'm in the southern hemisphere btw ) . i started to notice it when i was aout 18-19 . everything just ... guilty as charged . well ... i'm against smoking weed . i didn't grow up in the best family ( my parents smoked it , and a large range of other stuff ) . mots of my friends smoke / have smoked it and it doesn't really bother ... spot on right there . computer programmer / it stuffs . it's last on my list too . hey guys , just so happens that i'm good with computers ! i also just happen to have a spare computer in my room that's doing nothing at all ! it also just so happens that i used to host a minecraft ... i think the biggest issue here is she has lost sight of her nj . i didn't grow up in the best family and had left home when i was 13 to fend for myself . during that time i never did drugs or sex or ... technologically advanced ... ? 1 . why ? it's not like woman are being forced to be prostitues ? and for the ones that are , then yes , they should be helped , and the pimp jailed . 2 . woman are the ones in the porn industry . look at ... ^ same , but with : fluttershy : infj ( likes animals , really shy and quiet etc , doesn't want to hurt anyone's feelings , sensitive ) . pinky pie : esfp ! ( random , party animal , nuf said ) . twilight ... wha ... what have i done ... =D . can anyone tell me why i love watching this show ? i decided to youtube it and watched the first episode ... 7 episodes later i realized . reading the youtube comments makes me think i'm not the only ... i think some people think we live in a nandy dandy world . go for a trip down to your local mental health ward . if you tempt those types of people , expect them to react . remember they don't think the ... haha . that rant is awesome . top shelf dude . i'm almost tempted to put it on my facebook i agree with it so much xd . woman forget that not all men can control them selves . if you dress like a slut , walk around alone , especially at night expect something bad to happen . view it another way , why not let your kids ... bopper : if u fink dat evry 1 got da jels den u needa stfu . infj dnt care who is da top pop . we lyk watchin u cuz we no inside ur all alone . english : why would you come here and start a thread ... astroempires ? i played from about 2006 to 2010 ( october ) . haha , i played on alpha , ceti and epsilon . gave it up though . i used to play maplestory maaany years ago . it was good until they wrecked it . other then that , i play left 4 dead ( 1 & 2 ) and was ... 2 other infjs in my city ! hahahahaha . speaking of disasters . did anyone read about the asteroid that nearly hit earth i think it was last night ? it was only discovered the night before too . it came less then double the ... uhh . i hated it there too . it's just party party party . sex , drinking and clubbing . dodgy people everywhere . it's like australia's vegas . why can't an earth quake rip through there and make all those ... how odd . i used to live on the goldcoast ! very close to you . i'm now in sydney . as for the earth quake , this is the first ever i've heard of a quake happening in australia ! half our country is ... my strength comes from my imagination . was thinking about something einstein said . imagination is more important then knowledge . this quote above came to mind . what do you guys think about ... sounds like to me they want you to stay . and being passive aggressive about it . i've come across people like this before . i've secretly loved coming back years later when i've actually achieved my ... ohhh ! i've seen your vids on youtube ( op ) . you make som great videos , keep posting them up =) . what's failure ? ( that's my answer :p ) . yup ! i've pretty familiar with a few languages , ranging from vb.net to php , mysql , html etc . also good on the networking sides of things too . basically , i can design a world in my head , and ... rofl . noodles , subway and kfc . haha . this is exactly why i wear them . helps me seperate myself from the current envroment . cities and crowds tend to be a bit overwhelming . if say it was in the forests or something , you bet they'd ... so today i was walking home from work . i was listening to music with my headphones on . i stopped at a crossing and waited for the pedestrian light to turn green to tell me to walk across the road . ... had this all through my childhood . and proved them all wrong . they can continue to live their miserable , no hope life . maybe they'll learn not to bring others down with them :) . we have a knack for being invisible , unnoticeable , inpreceivable ( i just made that word up :p ) . you'll always see us standing back and watching a situation before deciding or not to join in . when i know how we do it , i'll be sure to let you know . i guess we don't have a choice in the matter , but we do our best any way . we see many things . i can't wait until heisenberg hears about this . won't that make things interesting . all the time . usually at parties or clubs . i'll make this post quick , and come back later . but he'll know just by you trying . we read more into the behind the scenes , then what you're actually saying . it may help to type out what you ... it depends . if his motives match my morals , then i don't mind . if he's out to steal chicks or doesn't give a rats ass about anyone but himself , then i pretty much feel as you do . '