' yes , thank you for you concern . i think she would be too much for almost anyone to handle , with her intense emotions and mood swings . i don't know why it seems so easy for me to deal with , i guess ... yes , i figured there was a rather high chance she was borderline from the outset . i have my fair share of experience with the disorder , as my mother is borderline . i'm sort of accustomed to things ... she's tried to push me away again , too . she started by asking if i know and feel that i am very attractive , and that she's afraid i'll cheat on her because of it . i would never do such a thing , but ... i don't think i'll decide this relationship isn't for me . once i am committed , that's it — i never give up . if anything ends it , it'll be circumstance outside of my control . i think she said she ... i've recently started a new relationship with an infp woman , enneagram four ( with a five wing , if i remember correctly ) . we met on a dating site . she had messaged me , curiously asking me what my mbti ... i am most certain i don't possess introverted feeling . i have quite a few infp friends , and they have a much different way of understanding things . they also all seem to cultivate a personal ... i think quite often i get upset with people who go against my values , or have crossed a line with me and refused to apologize . if i think someone is scummy , i'm probably going to actively dislike and ... i don't always seem to think in terms of words , so this isn't always happening . a lot of the time i just think in ideas , i don't know quite else how to put it . my mind isn't particularly visual , ... don't dither ; it'll only cause anxiety and inaction will lead to regrets . talk to her and see if it has potential to go anywhere . if things don't seem to be moving in that direction , move on and ... i goofed around too much . i was an inveterate joker and was prone to misbehaving during class . i got suspended a lot . outside of school i'd just fool around with friends , play video games , or sort of ... it may be sort of strange for you that you feel this way for your extended cousin , but no , there's nothing abnormal about this . were you implying this girl is , in your estimation , also an intp ? i ... i think these sorts of questions are really kind of harmful and lead to narrow ways of thinking about things . even though you may consider the various facets of such a measurement , the very question ... intps are probably the least intimidating type there is . i really can't imagine an intp being in any way frightening . personally , i'm told i have a very soft look to me . i think most of the time i ... i'd like to address a misconception . from everything i have observed , the feeling function is not in and of itself emotion . an emotion seems to be a more base-level response , whereas the feeling ... yes , you're welcome . it's perfectly fine to think things through , how things may work , and come up with a hypothesis . but you will find that , more often than not , the reality has quite a few ... rather than having someone make a logical argument , i really think it would be better for you to gain some more real-world experience and view things with your own eyes . deriving hypotheses from some ... curious . i always hear this , but i actually have an aversion to strong fe . i had to learn this through experience , but i don't seem to get along with fe users that well . i seem to get along with fi ... i'll be honest and say , yes , i do talk about myself a lot . i don't do this in professional settings , but i've been told i talk about myself too much . another intp i know seems to do something similar . nfs will find all sorts of ideas interesting , certainly , but being able to talk with them about ideas in the capacity i wish to , i only find with nts . and , honestly , it seems like i find only ... i'm an anomaly , so i don't believe my personal preferences . but i think intps would be best off with ntjs . my romantic and professional relationships with ntjs have been by far the best , as well . ... my feelings matter a lot to me . i don't like to bottle them up . if i feel really upset by something , i'll go ahead and break down and cry in front of people . i don't really care . and i will act like ... nietzsche was unequivocally intj , and while i am often quite fond of other intjs , i don't think much of him . you make some good points . you do have to reflect a lot on yourself , your feelings , and your beliefs . but it's a little more complex than this . and it takes more than just reflection to know ... intps in general are prone to the aforementioned dereistic thought patterns unique to the type . but intps also have an ability to bring precision to ideas in ways other types cannot , if they manage ... when i speak of entjs being rare , i don't mean test results . i mean , in the real world , i very seldom encounter entjs . i haven't encountered any actual entjs in the typology community , myself , and ... i find it interesting that a lot of intps here say they have entj friends . despite many of the statistics i have seen , i am quite certain entjs are the rarest type , easily twice as rare as infjs , and ... i had spent some time on the site after someone talked me into trying it out . although none of the women i had spoken to were real romantic candidates , i enjoyed the attention i had gotten from the ... i would say intps often times have peculiar perspectives because their conception of a thing is more often than not divorced from reality , and quite often just not properly understood . in my ... the last time i felt the urge to shake things up with a guinea pig , i was banned from the pet store . they always squeal on me . on the other hand , i like u200bto make them squeal . nobody wants to be infp ? really ? my perc crush is alienambassador . at first i hated them because they were an ntp except with the popularity i never had . then for a while i thought i wanted to be them , but eventually realized i want ... feeling is opposed to thinking according to the theory , yes . the point of my hypothesis was that i was doubting the theory and wondering if the ji functions weren't the same and the difference ... does that mean your tone is deadpan the rest of the time , then ? overall , this sounds more like an intp , but honestly there are a few things to consider : an infp may not always be experiencing strong ... you may not be using any singular function in a debate ; it's a skill you've developed . if you really do use ti heavily , you may really be an intp who's just very emotional . fi is different from ... you're entitled to your skepticism ( and in fact i encourage skepticism ) , but i think you may have second thoughts about that notion once you've interacted with more inxps . take one borderline t / f ... i quite like infjs in general , but i find daenerys to be one of the most revolting characters ever depicted in media . she was stranded out in the desert and would have consigned by fate to death were ... i try not to sound quite so ' clinical ' when dealing with more sensitive topics , but i think i still sometimes come across that way regardless . i would say that it's not really ti you're using ... the best way not to be socially awkward is social interaction ; nothing beats experience . i'm able to jump in and socialize with extraverts just fine . i made a few friends just leaping into an ... introverted thinking and introverted feeling are both introverted judging processes , yeah . while jungian theory states that thinking and feeling are diametrically opposed , i wanted to entertain ... i don't think i'm superior to other people and really just find that sort of mentality wrong to begin with , both ethically and because i think it's silly to use others as a benchmark for what's ... this thread is remarkably depressing . it's things like these that make me consider changing my listed type to infp or something to distance myself from this sort of mentality even though i'm pretty ... whenever i want to know if someone is interested in me , i ask . or just shameless flirt . what's the downside of asking ? facing rejection ? do any enfps ( or other types reading this thread ) want to do a skype voice chat with a few perc members sometime ? i've had some fun conversations with ents and we've been looking to get some more ... i have a friend who gets really exasperated are the incompetence of people sometimes . he vents to me all the time , and as bad as i feel being really harsh on people , it's done privately and i think ... it's exciting to see they have discovered so many charge parity violations recently . i believe this is the third since the lhc went operational , and i think the first and only charge parity violation ... this is an online self-report survey , and as such the results should be taken with a grain of salt . individuals with axis ii disorders tend not to have much insight into their conditions . it's ... it depends on what you mean by unmotivated . they seem to be motivated to understand things , but not especially motivated to complete tasks or accomplish external goals . they have some desire to earn ... it must have been doubly painful to have both your partner and your friend betray you like that . it helps me just to know i'm not alone in this . i've had this friend for a couple years now . i've always cared about them , but we've had a lot of falling outs . for a while it was my idealism that caused a lot of the difficulty . they had certain ... i don't know , i typically find many ne connections to be rather banal , myself . some of them link things together in new ways and provide novel insights or give us clearer pictures by looking at ... '