' my thread lives ! ! ~ from what i can tell , the debate as it now stands is over cultural integrity . certainly there is something to be said for the instinct of keeping one's own beliefs and way of life at the center of ... truly an interesting thought . actually , this isn't strictly limited to the us border with mexico , but borders everywhere . i'm not too terribly well educated on the matter , but there have to be other places where these issues ... good point wraith . in order to unite , usually there has to be an ' other ' to unite against . although that's somewhat of a pessimistic view on human nature . if that's the case , the only hope for ... the presidential race is well nigh upon those of us in america , and i've been thinking lately about the issue of border security . there's a lot of talk , mostly in the republican party , about securing ... last night i went to a jazz swing dance at my school . i danced with around ten girls i barely knew , and i had a fucking great time . once you get what you thought you could never have , it is always disappointing , especially if it is a human . do i want most the things which i think i will never have ? seems masochistic ... never mind . i think you may be a bit confused . maybe you should look over the rest of this thread . nah it's alright . we just have to keep using words they can't understand . perhaps i need to get over my cynicism . parecon makes sense . i doubt that it will ever be adopted by a significant amount of the population , and with some of parecon's ideas about money ( which aren't ... thanks for the responses . i mean , let's say you were paying a guy $ 100 to remove a tree from your front lawn . he would try to finish the job as quickly and efficiently as possible , so his return on ... i did a little research on this , and it seems rather clever . i have a few questions , though : 1 ) it relies on an educated and motivated workforce . i don't know about other countries , but in america ... don't worry about it . just seemed like in a thread bout how smart we are , we should have good spelling lest those pesky other types invade and expose our hypocrisy ;) rapt * the fact that this same trend is happening in colleges is truly disturbing . with public schools , i wonder sometimes if funding is continually cut and standards lowered because a complacent , ... i agree completely ( assuming you're talking about american public schools ) . public school is brought down to the lowest degree of ability . here in texas , we have a standardized test called taks ... if you had more carefully read my post , maybe you would have seen that i wrote every political and economic system i have seen ... works great on paper . i'll admit that i haven't studied economics ... missjordan i did it for the lulz . missjordan your avatar disturbs me greatly . i don't know where i stand in a debate on capitalism vs . socialism , as i'm not sure which would win in a cage match . i think we need an economic model that is intimately tied to human nature , one ... know your enemy is a common phrase . knowing is half the battle ? i meant the emotions . basically i was just saying if you want to deal with emotions ao they don't overwhelm them , you have to know ... istbkleta i often feel like i have no word to describe the emotion i'm feeling , especially when i am in a relationship or may potentially be in a relationship . are there words ? i don't think so . i ... bored * ? ? ? well i can understand why you'd be blind with a laser , or if you just left a light bulb on ( no light would be absorbed , adding more and more until it was too btight ) , but what if you just sent in a ... what would happen if you were sitting in a room with walls , ceiling and floor made of mirrors , and covered completely in a reflective material except for eye holes and then turned on a light ? ... your writing style is orgasmically dense . you're almost as bad as jung himself ( almost ) . ha . i probably deserved that . </thread> please . i appreciate the advice but i'm regretting impulsively starting this thread and i'd rather it just died . thanks again . well it was never really a firmly held belief , more of a hope i suppose . but you are correct on that second part , which is what is really frustrating me . it eludes understanding . actually atm i'm ... i think there are two kinds of people in the world : those who manipulate others to get what they want with no regard for the other person , and those who generally try to be independent . the ... you just described me rather closely . i almost fit all those criteria . 6 ' 2.5 , brunette , eyes are green on the outside , brown on the inside , idk if my jaws strong , not lanky but i am thin , happy ... i cant believe how close that is to how things happened for me ... i built an image of a goddess and step by step that image was shattered until i didn't think i any longer even wanted to be with the ... well i put right brain as my answer but apparently i am 45 % left and 55 % right . should i have put somewhere in between ? your left brain percentages 40 % sequential ( your most dominant ... thank you ~ but we don't really know the answers , we just act like we do . i wish i could hit thank a hundred times . i feel admiration for serial killers . i think it's very impressive that they can stay inconspicuous long enough to kill tens of people . if you think that's wrong , well then you're going on the ... susurration , thank you for that post . i love you infps ... i hope it's a journey shes willing to take . she has told me a lot of things that fuel her self-esteem problems , and i've tried to explain ... thank you . that's good stuff . well i don't really know where to start ... i know this girl who i am quite sure is an infp . we have been friends for a long time , and about a week ago i told her that i love her . in fact , i'm ... i'll say . i'd try to give you some advice but i'm too tired . according to the good people in this thread , you are too . so stop trying to think and get some sleep ! that was a contribution which i think was best coming from an enfp . i'm really surprised you found this thread , considering how long it's gone without a response , but thanks for your thoughts :) ... no , no , no . player 1 was at a haloween party when he accidentally pulled the lever and traveled forward in time . there , he meets player 3 , who invented time travel , but in a future where ... spanish is the only language i'm really good with other than english . why is esperanto not on this poll ? dom cobb : istp ariadne : enfj i <3 inception ... nostradumbass your video made my day . we're * :) i've never been away from my family for a year . unfortunately , i'm in high school so i still live with them . but i think i would be much more introverted . living with them i'm rather constantly being ... course * :) seems very intp to me . i did some google searching . this is from a physics forum : what infinity are you talking about ? what notion of subtraction are you talking about ? your ... 1-1 = 0 5-5 = 0 ∞ - ∞ = 0 infinite may be never ending , but if you subtract a never ending amount from another never ending amount , you get 0 . of course , i'm just logically thinking about this , and i ... '