' we're on opposite sides of just about everything , l5 , but that's no reason to hold a grudge . happy 6.5 k ! is this going to be the way the world works now ? celebrating our posting milestones on ... satoshi kon should be brought back to life to make more things . tomorrow i'm going to try writing fiction for the first time in many years . smoking does have one advantage , as reflected in my avatar : it makes you look cool . my ... and down it goes , after i choose the reflection with the clever eyes . really should have saved before i got that far . that's alright . i knew i signed up for a beta test , not an early release ... the beta test , anyway . just released . currently downloading . i don't know if this is accurate , but if it is , intps are the type most likely to smoke . i don't . my mom was a smoker until i was about 12 . she quit , and even though in just about every other ... toothache . 1 . do you do it ? yes . 2 . how often ? fairly often . 3 . do you enjoy it ? yes . 4 . what kind of restaurants do you go to alone ? there's an indian restaurant i enjoy . mainly there . 5 . what food do you ... hard to say because i avoid doing it . i like dealing with people on the basis of authenticity , whenever possible . i've looked up that girl's youtube account . i'd bet my ... well , no not my , someone else's ... left testicle that she's a poe . even there , as in a password manager , you still have to have at least one master password memorized . i've read that a lot of people think creating passwords is boring . i think the opposite . i love it . i love coming up with passwords that are long and complex , filled with symbols and numbers ... medium , usually . he's a superhero ! before i recommended anki to you , a spaced repetition system . if you haven't tried using it yet , you really should . particularly since it has a number of additional features ...  1 . don't eat the yellow snow . ... still working on the rest . anthony burgess asks his editor if he could submit a novella instead of a thinkpiece to rolling stone . the reply : ... currently beating the living shit out of glass joe . george lucas slams ' force awakens , ' calls disney ' white slavers ' : rolleyes : oh , lucas , you poor clueless fucker . i do remember that picture of him surrounded by disney characters with ...  the curious thing is that , in the context of a project like this , such a consideration is short-sighted . the reason this film is now drowning disney in money is not only because the film itself is ... that's the sort of explanation you should generally have in your movie , rather than having your fans have to reach that conclusion after the rebels ended the previous movie basically curb-stomping ... my childhood dream was to become a mad scientist and create an army of killer robots to conquer the world . presently unemployed . fuck you , reality . the furies : violence and terror in the french and russian revolutions , arno j . mayer i really wish they had done a better job giving us a layout of the galaxy as it currently stands . the heroes are fighting for a group called the resistance , basically just the rebel alliance . ... i really wish the empire-equivalent would drop the planet-destroying-super-weapon gimmick . guys , it's backfired on you spectacularly three times now .  yeah , i've been kinda fixated on this topic recently . too many sour encounters with other ' leftists ' . keep up the drawing . it's better to do something artistic in your free time than play video games to excess . also , stock tips from the future so i could retire at 20 . the avatar is of a german anarchist philosopher named max stirner . it has a number of things i like . 1 . it's minimalist . not a lot going on , just a caricature of a man smoking . the sketch , ... i've never gotten an infraction , thankfully , and i generally am extremely hesitant at the idea of infractions because i prefer open discourse over people being afraid of the mods coming down on them ... : rolleyes : in before lock . that was my first exposure , as well , and i came away very impressed . not only is she smart , not only is she passionate about the same things i'm passionate about , but she showed she was willing to ... i think i have a crush on sarah haider . just finished spec ops : the line . i didn't expect to get much from it , since i knew what was going to happen , but actually playing it was more powerful than just watching it . frustrating , too , ... * shudder * i said a clean desktop is a happy desktop . that is a deeply unhappy desktop . yeah , figures someone beat me to this . a clean desktop is a happy desktop . hat tip to kalopsia for the idea , as he posted the same question in the infp forums some time back . i'm curious if there will be any major differences between how intps and infps organize their ... steam had it on sale for 80 % off some time back . not my kind of game , typically , and probably ruined for me ... '