' one of the main reasons i mistyped myself is because i have some spiritual beliefs . the problem i have with the bible is that i did not translate it myself , so i don't know if i trust every word ... i think you're right , and i was just talking about this earlier with my sister . i think that the t and f functions are extremely stereotyped , and it almost makes a mockery out of the system in a way ... i see what you're saying perspicacious and i think i usually always do think about what i'm saying before it comes out of my mouth . except there are those few times i've felt backed into a corner ... i think it's just so easy to come across as self-assured in writing , because no one is looking at me . maybe that's why it's so much easier to tell about people in videos . my sister , the person i'm ... haha .. i don't know anymore . i can take the tests a million times , but i know the system of the tests so well that it's too easy to manipulate so i can't trust my own results . i'm open so much to the ... i could be listening to something right now , but ' someone ' in this house has a police radio ? so all i'm hearing is dispatch back and forth .. feels pretty intrusive , haha .. i think i heard something ... oooh this is going to be fun , mwahahaha ... mini-series style : bleak house ( 2005 version ) downton abbey awesome style : it crowd ( my # 1 ) absolutely fabulous okay , it just sounds to me like he has an anger control problem . i'm speaking from personal experience as an infj , i can become like a tornado . i know i'm doing damage , but i don't necessarily know ... you are me what is your name ? you're staring although i'm not sure we've met but you seem to know tracing my mask with unwavering eyes melting the porcelain of my vain disguise being type 4 is like having a sword pointed at you constantly by your doppelganger . i am a snob toward inanimate things and myself . one day that sword is going to hit an artery . 90 % of the time i tested intp , that was years ago , so i branded myself as such and though i was well accepted by other intps i never felt i quite fit in , not in the complete way i wanted to . they ... so cats seem to be the recurring theme here . goblin , a maine coon kitty , at 8 weeks : goblin more recently , i can't describe her but ... i will tell you what my mom did with me in those situations . though i never told anyone she didn't care , there were times when i felt completely alone and like no one in the entire world could care ... i like the 3rd picture , or the 2nd depending on your pov . the one with the armchair , i could just sit in that room and disappear for days . maybe not even reading , just sitting , and admiring that ... i was prescribed this for my asthma ! my attacks have been brought on more and more by anxiety ( even by extreme violence in a movie .. that was embarrassing .. ) but i didn't want to try it , so it's just ... i've lived in southern indiana my whole life , and i'm 28 now . at least i think i am , but i do forget what year it is a lot of the time . i've never had a job so to speak , other than selling things on ... this isn't easy for me ... nes - dragon warrior ( first rpg i ever played , and i was hooked ) snes - earthbound ( what's not to love ? ) playstation - legend of dragoon , final fantasy 8 , legend of ... i notice a lot of people are mistyped by putting too much faith in the tests .. the tests that are very flawed for the most part because either people don't know how to answer them , or they don't know ... if it's an rpg , i'm always extra careful to get it right the first time because i'm too involved in the story to want to backtrack a lot . other games though , i relate to what ethanol said . i just ... home invasions are your best bet , and you'd probably be good at it too ! haha .. go to art and natural history museums and look for the person who looks a little sad , lost , and uncomfortable without ... haha .. that's awesome . i think it's a great idea , funny that you're scaring people though . i don't honestly believe i know enough about each type to come up with potential questions , but i'm fairly ... loser , winner , etc .. it's not a game really is it ? it seems a little self-victimizing to even put it that way . it's not really something you have to look down on or be proud of . just think of it as ... estj - miss trunchbull ? ? haha .. intj - ming the merciless ? ? your result for the supervillain archetype test ... the nemesis driven , hateful , obsessed the nemesis is ... i've never actually played the game , but it's always had a strong appeal to me , even if it is a little ... emo .. i seriously was going to post this and had to stop myself , haha .. i'm sorry that technoviking is having blue screen issues though . i know that from personal experience , the best thing someone can do with me is be completely honest . if i open my heart to someone , i feel like it's such an amazing gift if someone does the same for ... if no one has mentioned this yet , i'm betting that the reason is in english speaking countries , people are more likely to report rape cases . so those numbers to me don't mean anything really because ... maybe when your birthday came around no one was like but you already got your presents ... oh cool , did you hate people giving you birthday presents on christmas ? i did , haha .. oh come on , i know you're joking , i was just teasing you ! o_o woah , all because i said i bake things ! hey , if you watch those movies in the first place and weren't already cringing , i don't think you're in danger of it now . well , try not to imagine too vividly ... but at least you know right away that a kitty will be evil . i never had nightmares about the cheshire cat , but tweedle-dee and tweedle-dum scare the * * * out of me . when it's something like a little ... i recently took a very long test to find out which xmen i am , and it came out as professor xavier , so that's interesting . i think i'll go take the mbti as xena and see what she comes out as , haha ... only the ones whose eyes get bigger than their heads , then you have to wait for the lasers to shoot out all neverending story southern oracle style . if i were you , i'd just run before they get you in ... hmm .. i imagine these things could apply to a person of almost any type . you have to really forget all of that stuff until later , and concentrate more on the way that you think and feel and how your ... come on , thor's hammer is way too cool to disguise . no , i would be scared too , i could break into song at any minute and the little forest creatures would start fluttering in . you never really know ... i really love fashion , especially high fashion and if i could afford it i would have a label filled closet . i appreciate fashion as another art , and maybe i'm a little theatrical about clothes , but i ... capricorn ... i was born december 29th and my older brother was born december 30th , someone once explained to me that this made me a sagitarius or an aquarius , but i didn't understand all their fancy ... crystal / blue / violet / lavender - 10 indigo - 11 red overlay - 4 that's too many colors , i'm a whole gradient . maximus there's a pants store ? haha .. flattery will get you everywhere .. okay , maybe not everywhere , but really the only time i know someone is flirting with me is when the flirting is very ... i like the atmosphere , but seriously , i have a weak bladder . that being said , i hate clock tower ! haha ... i think that it seems what an iq test does measure is your brain's ability to be mechanical , to compute , and to process logic . to me these are things you won't notice when you're casually talking to ... for me , it's important that affection be sincere . i've had to explain this to my own mother before because she feels like i'm not affectionate enough , but i told her that if i hug someone i want it ... i'm a weirdo before and during my periods . i suddenly start acting even nicer than normal , and i get more giggly and affectionate . it's the same way i act when i'm sick though , so i don't know if ... i think for me it's an organized mess . i tend to collect things i'm enjoying and get rid of the collection later . like i might have 20 can tabs sitting in a pile by my computer that have accumulated ... i don't think anyone in my family would want me to have kids because they'd hate to have to use the names i choose . girl - tiberia snowdrop boy - balthazar mungo i guess i could do something ... jawz we have good taste , haha .. the characters in those games have always stuck with me the most . jigos that looks so so awesome ! okay .. 1 - characters 2 - story 3 - music 4 - world / exploring 5 - visual 6 - replay value ( not that important ) favorite games .. haha .. i bet one already has and we just don't know it though . '