' at this moment i'm very afraid of my emotions . i'm convinced that if i let them run amok , they will destroy me . dear intj , i have a crush on you . that's why i turn into an idiot when you're around . i wish i could speak to you with more confidence . sincerely , intp sometimes i feel like a prisoner of my own mind . when i feel something , i instantly start to analyze the feeling . is this a good idea ? what are the possible risks ? is it really worth it ? almost ... i like barn owls and ravens . istps . my best friend is an istp . some people think she's a bit intimidating , but we've always had a connection . i love her dark sense of humor . entps seem so confident that they make me nervous , ... what pisses me off about myself is my laziness ( or tendency to procrastinate ) and inability to make decisions . when i have a crush on someone and i feel all fuzzy and warm inside and listen to love songs on youtube . sounds familiar . people have told me i try too much . i'm ashamed by this people pleasing tendency , because i'd like to appear as a person who doesn't care . i tend to feel la bit disconnected ... i'd say pretty much everything from rollins band . i find it amusing how some people take things personally on the internet . intps are good at maths . i find this stereotype annoying , because mathematical skills have never been my strongest point . society wants me to be enfj because i happen to be female . however , i'm intp . i had this esfj male acquaintance who really wanted to have me as his girlfriend . i told it's not going to happen , and thought he got it . but no ... every time we saw each other , he tried to get close ... i'm not religious but spiritual , i just believe in some sort of higher power . i used not to , because i had no proof . then i had this realization - logical thinking isn't all there is . i still don't ... i just found this survivalist thing hilarious . i understand if it's a hobby , but if it becomes an obsession ... it's almost funny how some people are so damn scared of death . i don't know what ... i'm having a common cold . boring ! i feel too weak to go out - or maybe i could go for a little walk . it could actually make me feel a bit better , because i get a bit frustrated when staying in my ... lately , i have found which foods work for me and which don't . i eat lots of vegetables . wheat doesn't suit me very well - i'm not eating bread , cereal or pasta anymore . i start my day with an oatmeal ... i'm feeling somewhat frustrated and even a bit angry , which means people should just leave me alone today . for some reason , i'm quite stressed - i worry about money , even though i have enough money ... age of empires . i personally love final fantasy series , especially ix . vii is considered to be the best by the most people , but i like ix because it has fairytale-like atmosphere , compared to ... existence . just being alive . listening to dubstep radio at di.fm and drinking coffee . :) ( by joep hommerson ) i like surreal and visionary art . yes . it used to be something between misanthropy and nihilism . i disliked the most people . nowadays i just observe , not really having much opinion about anything . it's not apathy , but more like ... somebody , i don't care . i think you're right . my ex-boyfriends have told me i'm cold , sadistic and heartless . i haven't been called a bad person but a monster ... my view is that i've been involved with insecure , unstable ... slowly waking up . drinking green tea and eating yoghurt with apple jelly in it . if a person that i like really has has a problem and therefore a reason to be upset , i try to help him / her somehow , give an advice if it's asked for . otherwise , my reaction varies depending on my ... i like to wear purple clothes , i just can't get enough of my favourite colour . i can't describe my overall style , because it's changing a lot , depending on my mood and other factors . but i like ... i remember reading that if you're unsure , not knowing are you infp or intp , think about how you make big decisions in your life . during the process , feelings and logic are being taken into account , ... smoking dmt is one of the best experiences i've ever had . i could speak to my higher self , that reassured me when i told her in my head that i feel so lost in my life and i have no idea what to do ... 21 . i don't get it , i think of myself as an empathic person , even more than the most people . the fact i don't know how to express it , doesn't mean i lack empathy . normally 8-10 hours . 2-5 hours when i'm hypomanic , and 12-16 hours when i'm depressed . people who test me . for example , one guy threw a tantrum because he thought i'm unemotional and cold . he said : leave me alone , i never want to see you again ! i respected what he said and didn't ... yes . most of the time i'm observing and listening , letting others do the talking . however , i have a tendency to space out if i'm bored (= when people are talking about subjects that do not interest ... i hug a teddybear when i have problems falling asleep . ( lol ) sometimes i feel like my computer is my best friend . i get annoyed when someone has a crush on me and therefore seems overly ... i've done many drugs , but now i'm trying to stay clean . i was addicted to amphetamines , because they made me less depressed ( i used to be so depressed that i needed uppers to get even trivial ... you know you're an intp when you have no difficulty understanding chaos theory , but sorting out the chaos in your apartment seems to be an impossible task , no matter how hard you try . hi . i'm a 23 - year-old girl from finland . my myers-briggs type is intp and my enneagram type is 5w4 . being a thinker doesn't mean i'd be unemotional , and sometimes i'm even too emotional , i just ... '