' when people read my cursive upside down , they always exclaim wow ! you have such nice handwriting ! . then i stoically turn my paper around and they become disappointed . i'm not sure if it's because ... you left out enfp . ironically , i have the same issues you mentioned but enfps aren't bad . they don't try to make you do anything and you can have some interesting conversations and have common ... i probably wouldn't tell the truth , mostly because i've had bad experiences with esfj girls / women . it seems like a lot of the time they say they want to hear the truth , when they actually judge you ... what do you think of intps ? lol well , some people find it interesting and some don't . outside of the internet my friends have no real interest in it , even though i know their types and i've explained it to them . what's so strange about liking 1984 , anthem , the fountainhead , atlas shrugged , and we the living ? i see no reason why the novels / short-stories themselves can't be read together . the authors may ... the fountainhead by ayn rand memes you say ?  ... that depends entirely on what you find exciting . it's a subjective description . why not just ask do you like me too ? lol to each his own . i think many of us ( certainly myself ) could write pages about what we think . the only interjection i'll make for the moment is [ selfishness =/ = greed ] . selfishness is the act ... they're liberals without a doubt . funny as hell though , even though i think they're both wrong in almost everything . it's the way you were raised ( in some cases ) , or personal choice . type isn't a factor . hey ... intp =/ = intj when you procrastinate . and inevitably feel good . well ... extraversion is obviously favored . judgement is viewed as more productive and perceiving is generally frowned upon . sensory is obviously favored . feeling is generally favored in women ... silly infj . don't make them think too hard . you'll expose their inferior te . ti is where it's at . two pages of infp back to back ? i'm not sure what will come first : the tears or the ponies . - - - edit to your edit : it's understandable . my fe is inferior , so no hard feelings . in fact , your fi is inferior as well . so no feelings at all then . ask yourself whether the dream of heaven and greatness should be waiting for us in our graves – or whether it should be ours here and now and on this earth . the question isn ’ t who is going to ... entjs : as the title says , what do you think of intps in general ? what do you like / dislike or what intrigues / bores you about intps ? my avatar is one of my favorite pieces of concept art by daniel dociu ( an amazing artist ) . it's from the game guild wars 2 . my favorite color isn't red , and it doesn't directly reflect any part of ... hmmm ... does minecraft count as art ? if so , do you want my autograph ? 4026440265 4026640267 / sarcasm on a more serious note , i find games that allow you to create with ease to be ... very ... i would say isfp as well . three parts of your op stands out to me . seems much more p than j . the first because you're flexible and wouldn't hold onto a belief for the sake of maintaining ... extroversion 22 % orderliness 50 % why are you enfps so cute ? as an intp i'm fairly certain i should be annoyed . i can't help thinking that you're secretly plotting against me . strength of a thousand men . just my opinion but ... infj : dominant : introverted intuition auxiliary : extraverted feeling intp : dominant : introverted thinking i agree with the other person , quite stereotypical . picture was funny though . i love it .  that's quite an interesting image you've put into my mind . right now i am reading right now i am reading . however , i don't have a book to read at the moment sadly ... i like to read books with good story , are unusual , and make you think . some authors ... what fashion . ... no really , what fashion ? - - - / sarcasm esfp , esfj , enfp yeah ... strange how these things turn out . not a single good nt friend in my life . actually , never had a good introverted friend either except for one girlfriend . i'm attracted to nfs as well . yet , all of my relationships have sf ... it's probably not a matter of common sense , that's just your friends not caring what happens to them at the moment . unless they do care , in which case they're idiots or feel entitled for you to do ... yes . i was just trying to find a consensus , even if it is subjective compared to any outside person / group's idea of judging goodness . in trying to find agreement you find disagreement , which gets ... except judging solely on integrity is as a measure of goodness is faulty ; considering the morality itself is the first priority . for example , hitler had an almost religious fixation on the idea ... like i said , goodness is completely subjective . but if we had to say the best way to judge another person's goodness ( while keeping in mind the inherent subjectivity of goodness ) it would be the ... building off of what you just said , and in relation to what i said ... i think the ultimate judge of goodness in someone is two steps . 1 . ) determining their morality in relation to yours . ... not at all . morality is completely and utterly subjective . what could be consider moral in one society or person's view can just as easily be considered immoral in another society or person's ... when people feel the need to inject race / gender / sexuality into every political and social discussion , or indulge in ( what basically amounts to ) socially justified segregation . basically : 1 . ) ... no offense , but i hate when people make everything have to be about race , gender , or sexuality . [ edit :] i'm almost positive intp . dominant : introverted thinking auxiliary : extraverted intuition tertiary : introverted sensing inferior : extraverted feeling infp has dominant introverted ... you sound like a thinker dominant to me . your examples of thinking dominance are most spot on with what a thinker would experience . here's my analysis of your feeling examples : - if i don't ... '