' i don't believe the beliefs are necessarily different as much as i think the approach is opposite . different things for different people ; what one needs another doesn't understand . i didn't see the ... thank you . : ) personally , i am a non-denominational christian . my church is way out of left field for a lot of people because it is run and populated by people that have started out on the wrong side of the tracks ... i've been told that my eyes burn souls . i'm not sure if that is a good or bad thing ... wow , ditch that dumbass . he does not deserve you in any way , shape , or form and has no right to treat you that way . i agree with everyone else ; run away ! i'm an intp but i understand completely . my mom is an esfj so things get very , very interesting . i hate math . :d ry : all of my nt friends hate it as well ... are we broken nt's ? what chance do an entp male and an intp female have in a serious relationship ? entp ... lol , cause i want to be awesome too . the closest i have really found to the scenario you described is my friend denny ... who is 100 % gay and therefor i feel no reason to resort to a time machine ... i'm only a sophomore in high school , but i've been thinking about either becoming a college professor of some sort or a doctor . i'm not sure which would be better for me as an intp ... i always expected mature adults to take responsibility . oops , my mistake . ignorant ? i'm sorry if charlie or i offended you . i did not mean be a man , referring to gender . i meant it as be a man , not a little boy . grow up instead of gender . i wasn't implying you acted as ... i was talking about facing up to your responsibilities , not telling you to mess with my sanity . lol yeah , i'm too lazy to travel to canada . you'd have to come down here . haven't we been over this before ? no . lol crap ... you're too far away . i'm in southern us ... meet me halfway . of course , zulban ! i want to see yours in person . where do you live ? >:] i've got a chainsaw i would love to introduce your penis to . you started it when you threatened to blind us all by videotaping yourself masturbating , which scarred me and therefor left your comments embedded in my memory . then you mentioned seducing my mom , ... yeah , awesome for you ... funny for charlie , and scary for me . over here on her thread talking about your penis . oh , it will be interesting when she reads this tomorrow ... and if i get in trouble , i ... on behalf of everyone on this forum , thank you . lol i can't wait to see mom's reaction when she reads this thread ... : confused : lol , very true , but i don't like people that are too easy . i don't want to see anyone's penis until then . but shai ... i don't want to see the penis . lol whether your reputation is on the line or not , don't punish the innocent bystanders over an idiot's misguided insult > . < weeell ... i'm an intp , that's only off by one letter ... : tongue : you skipped me shai . should i take that as a no ? how could i forget ? an awesome entp like you ? ... who threatened to blind us all ... yeah , i remember well ... what's up brother ? : cool : you could try shai , but even though you are a sexy , shoeless , god of war ... you don't have a prayer . she's already been taken . lol hi shai ... hi mom . : tongue : i made one of my enfp friends angry once . she followed me around yelling for 45 minutes . i ignored her until i finally snapped and started yelling back . she then ran off crying and apologized the ... yes , i do . i love how funny , witty , and random entps can be . the turnoff would be laziness when following through schemes . a winters day in a deep and dark december ; i am alone , gazing from my window to the streets below on a freshly fallen silent shroud of snow . i am a rock , i am an island . ive built walls , a ... am i not pretty enough ? is my heart too broken ? do i cry too much ? am i too outspoken ? don ’ t i make you laugh ? should i try it harder ? why do you see right through me ? i live , i breathe , i ... hey ! mr . tambourine man , play a song for me , i'm not sleepy and there is no place i'm going to . hey ! mr . tambourine man , play a song for me , in the jingle jangle morning i'll come followin ' you . ... i prefer actions . i believe that it is a person's actions that determine their character . i dunno ... the only types i have ever really been attracted to are entj and entp ... especially entp ... hm , i do unintentionally hurt people's feelings . i don't believe it has anything to do with logic or empathy ... i think it is more a matter of being blunt and honest and my inability to use tact . well , we don't seem to be good around people we first meet . we are more shy and that is often perceived as being cold , arrogant , and unfriendly . we shy away from things when they become too ... zydrate anatomy from repo ! the genetic opera : laughing : i like to attack my coffee with hazelnut or french vanilla creamer ... i also a love chocolate mocha with whipped cream ... oops , i didn't realize i was signed in as charlie . i'm sorry for not asking you ! they are just the only two people i have really talked to so far ... : crazy : shai ? wolfie ? can somebody translate ? ... huh ? * is lurking happily * i'm good , how are you ? of course it does because anyone truly honest with themselves will agree ! lol just ... please don't post a video of yourself masturbating ... '