' 1 ) would you read philosophy to understand yourself or the world better ? i read philosophy whenever i feel a need to enhance or improve vocabulary and expression of my thoughts . if not then it's ... never fit the stereotype ' rude ' or ' always breaking rule ' . the enneagram type 9 traits are very conspicuous on me : gentle and lazy , even conservative . i don't always think and research about how ... type 9 sp / sx here . descriptions are pretty accurate . i'm thinking more about getting an intimate relationship will be beneficial to me , either with family or friends or get a girlfriend . the ... what kind of pets do you have ? i have a female red eared slider . what are they like ? gentle , curious , dumb , timid , quiet , energetic , attention-seeking , voracious , relaxed and funny . how ... i use facebook as a communication tool and a newspaper / short article / infographics reader . seldom post stuff . seldom press like or comment on something . have posted news article , music and photo for a ... who cares the numbers i don't know anything about infj until now . i just realized the girl i got infatuated few years ago is an infj . i wanted to build a relationship with her but the reality doesn't allow me to do so ... it's the opposite to me . i have very slow reaction and reflex according to what my friends ( acquaintance and best friends ) know about me . mostly because the stimulus itself doesn't bother me enough ... i just quit my first job after graduation . have been unemployed for two months , feel liberated and not actively finding job now . i worked as a med . rep . in a big outsourcing company for a year after ... never have real interest in splinter cell or ghost recon games , never finished them , though i think the characters are istp-ish . i absolutely enjoy completing half life series : atmospheric sounds , ... medical representative in a distribution company . this is my first job after i graduated with a bsc degree in biology last year . i can apply my knowledge in physiology and pharmacology well . lots of ... i only take action when 1 ) there's a imminent danger / risk i have to avoid ; 2 ) there's a high chance of getting reward with low cost ; 3 ) the action itself makes sense and is already justified by me . ... i'm a teddy bear . type 9 sli + not tall can't think of any concrete example of a threat / hostility came at me ( because i'm so good at avoiding troubles and dramas ) . when there is one i think i'll do a scared face and go away , that's what ... this thread to be over expressive and enthusiastic , behave awkwardly . this usually scare my crushes away and confuse them because it contrast with my normal cold impression . then i get back to my den and stop ... that want-to-do list is too long in my case that i literally forget about thinking about it . i always use shit reasons like not in mood yet / not the best timing or need to find appropriate ... i dislike physics and chemistry too , also comes with bad academic results . i did well in biology and i've just finished my undergrad in biology . i think this is because biology is more connected to ... that laziness is a sign he's into you , my 2 cents i treat this as a stereotype . i neither admit nor deny i have emotion . whenever it happens , it happens . i think i'm just less enthusiastic about things , but not insensitive . whenever a feeling hits ... how do you respond ? that guy maybe your friend , acquaintance etc . p . s . unfortunately in my society there's a popular saying , a man without dream is no different to a salted fish . when i was a ... lol i want more peanuts smile . that's the practical solution to avoid the annoying what's wrong with you , you not happy ? . what is a clique ? does it mean a same group of people who do the same thing each time regularly ? then i am in a river climbing clique . yes , i feel nothing with the word clique , who cares ? no . i can get bad mood if i can't get the rest / nap / sleep i want after some tiring activities . in the morning i usually just remain sleepy and give slow responses to people , like need others to ... uh-oh , looks like someone was in a bad mood and being picked for trolling ! muhahaha ! ok , seriously , i don't really know if i'm really interested in getting a romantic relationship . i never have ... i care about female enfps in istp forum . they look funny , muhahahahh ! based on my understanding so far , trusting gut instinct is good for istp . but what exactly is gut instinct ? occasionally , when i suddenly want to do / act something , there is a voice in my head ... believe it or not , i often think about establishing and maintaining a family , though i haven't been in any romantic relationship yet . no planning and technical details in it so i better regard it as ... i work for a tutorial centre teaching kids to solve maths like a pro . on some occassions it's like day-caring because some of them are just kindergarten kids .. like teach them to count ... project ? i guess is getting my arse up to find my graduation job . i'm starting my last semester : frustrating : ... rusty eat , masturbate , video-game , sleep , fart idk . just four letters . what's the point ? don't know why , just look at her movements , makes me feel good .. prefer to be a behind-the-scene person with great athletic skills . neither front-line assassin nor silly mastermind , but an overweight kick-ass coach teaches people to do covert operation at the ... your trifix is 6w5 , 9w1 , 2w1 . oh hi i'm a istp istp too ! ! let's voice chat and huggg ! ! ! hell fk'n nope . i'm 23 and still haven't have any relationship yet . contrary to my friends ' comments , i'm not disinterested in getting a romantic relationship . i'm just thinking in circles . and i don't really want ... school life : don't care . just obey the rules , hand in homeworks , study before tests . eat , nap , get cozy , stay out of troubles . back home : video games , porn films , masturbation . that's my teenage ... sun virgo hong kong sar , china good luck on your research when i walk on the street , i usually stare into space . i just sense the whole environment , how different objects move , how far are they , what silhouette and colour tone they have ... there are few ... all time's favorite . describe my psychotic mood swing very well ! we don't create problems . we fix problems . get out of the thinking loop and work on them . but first you have to relax and get a good mood . then ? just try doing stuff you want to achieve ... tl ;D r . if you're an istp , you would most probably compress the sentences and reorganize it into short paragraphs before actually posting . conclusion : you're an intp . ( if you want me to choose 1 of ... dozens of mbti test and this forum '