' enfp using an old french term tirant in the same sentence as a swear word . motivation estj tmlt lock themselves out of their home ? trying to make me do something that takes way too much effort what's feelings ? esfj - the fashion nazis tmlt to have a stamp collection ? holy shit . you're so infj i can't even ... : confused : i can't even ... : confused 2 : : moon :: ghost : what's wrong with bard ? : hampster : settings -> edit profile -> myers briggs personality type -> intj - the scientists already , 9/10 intjs suffer from special snowflake syndrome . this is a serious issue man . you're making it worse ... super serious question . i'm would be a broccoli cheese tuna with raisins and chocolate sprinkles . welcome to perc ! try checking with this infp - harmonizer clarifiers it's the infp description written from behind an infp's eyes . sometimes type descriptions can be odd since they are written ... so i heard you love ted ... here's a ted talk generated by a neural network after letting it learn from all the ted talks available in the world . ... username core type secondary type tertiary type instinctual subtype francescleary 1w2 3w2 oh man . if these are the kinds of things you say , you shouldn't worry about shutting up . : loveyou :: octopus : because i cried over the movie and the book . :d ry : hi shria ! nice to meet you too ! there are many videos on youtube . here's one . yoga nidra is mostly guided relaxation of different parts of your body , so it's a good place to ... i will keep trying then ! thanks guys , i was on the brink of giving up . moar sleep . moar productivity how do i stop you guys from leaving me when you think i'm beyond redemption ? 1 . is it in any way helpful for depression or anxiety ? buddhism aims to remove the mind of afflictions in the form of delusions and give you the tools to see the world as it is . the mind being the ... type a personality with minor ocd tendencies like games on steam have to be in a defined tab in alphabetical order . ... i blame the shade of the blue on your avatar : mellow : winning ~ punniez 350514 welcome to personality cafe ! i get that quite a lot too . sometimes it comes in the form of some kind of unfinished thought stuck in the back of my head , like a bubble at the bottom of a fish tank ... thanks for the welcome ! hope we can rally for more stickies at some point . : kitteh : o_o ookay ... :D ! ! ! how did you upload that in full size ? we shall transverse the universe together . 350330 original size cos they sexy as hell . period . i've come to terms that a relationship beyond friendship with them can't last . gotta have that gap . though somehow they always manage to find out i'm soulless . it's ... istj isfp you mean , not very aligned to infp stereotype . : wink : i know a lot of infps . i can tell you an informed one is easily the best conversation partner i've ever had . i like the idea creating systems ... the winner effect , ian robertson hiya missmo this post has helped me so much over the past year of lurking , i kinda treat it like a reference document . why isn't this stickied ? rapturous you seem to have the same problem i had . since my functions heavily leaned towards all ti , te , ni , and ne , the tests came out different each time . however , mbti personality is preference of ... waif maybe we're not each other , but we're pretty darn close ! :D i wanna know too disneykitten our first agenda should be to take over the commando dogs . jared eggo there can be only one ! : hotneko : : hotneko : : hotneko : reluctanine i can make you a lazy cat with a pink pin ... learning to listen and empathise to others , does not mean others will listen and empathise to you . i understand what you mean . sometimes i catch myself talking way too much when i'm caught up with a trail of thoughts and my conversation partner was just staring back with this look . kinda ... purrrdy . i always associated the owl to the high priestess tho . that's an interesting combo . what deck ? thanks ! impeccable , like a sir . pleasure to meet you ztommi :D i keep reading your name as japanese for some reason . owo * drool * i wanna see entp on the practical side , another system that works very well in getting a person to talk , confront , and work through their issues without feeling threatened by perceived judgement from another ... i admire how your internal system usually has high logical integrity with very little discrepancies . how quick you are to correct them if found and how you're willing to adjust according to new ... claiming social tact as selfishness '