' your situation not only helps you maintain a sense of closeness , but it also brings the person back to you . that's awesome ! :) toodles after reading post after post , thread after thread , i have come to find out how lonerish we infps really are . are we really the biggest loner personality type or something because it seems that way ... i actually start in the standing position , then finish is the sitting position . it's just like my sexuality ; i go both ways . tooodles :) yes :) i will do my best to help you out with your situation . and if you have anything too personal to post on this thread , feel free to send me a private message and i will answer your questions ... i say toodles as my own little goodbye on the forum :) double major : philosophy and psychology now , and i could minor in english if i really wanted to . but i am switching into the medical ... your amazing :) this is going to make me smile for awhile . thanks for writing this . toodles :) infp's are prone to lateness . sorry :/ and i want to answer all your questions with good answers so give me some time . we haven't failed yet . promise . toodles :) i say toodles as a goodbye ... emotions can be overwhelming at times , but i enjoy having them . and i can't really explain the depth of human emotion until later on because i just have too much going on right now . but your ... yes ! :) this will be awesome . toodles :) alrighty :) your included toodles earlier when i was reading about jung's type descriptions of infp's . . . i found something really interesting , so i have to ask the question : do you daydream about people to maintain a sense of ... entp's aren't so common to me , but i did have a friend in college who tested entp on the myersbriggs and she was wonderful to be around . full of energy and just fun . and very very social . but i only ... if anyone wants to know what it's like to be an infp , just ask whatever :) i'm not easily offended , so ask anything . ( i'm setting myself up here lol ) woops ! take care :) you understand the life :) it's just a creative disaster lol take care and i wish you the best . toodles :) your awesome . toodles :) lol ! ! that's too good . and true . take care being an infp has always been confusing to me , so i am really wondering if we really are prone to confusion . personally , i have a couple years in college done and i am in a medical field . but ! almost ... well ... not really . when it came to writing poetry or whatever it was that i wrote when i was a teenager , i only did it to feel less crazy . it was more of a form of therapy . i was never really great ... well i completely agree with you . using drugs to escape from reality only creates more problems . i don't do that anymore . toodles :) your pictures are beautiful :) i really enjoyed them . ( i paint and they were inspirational ) toodles :) escape creativity flows like an energetic stream as consciousness shifts into a darkened state . the pills that were once in my hand have been thrown into my mouth , disappearing into my ... people can be non-spiritual and non-career minded . people can be non-career minded and spiritual . people can be spiritual and career minded . ... it's objective and heartlessly entertaining :) it sure explains a-lot . toodles :) original , weird , odd , funny , likes to smell good . and much more . i agree with ya mister . toodles :) welcome to the forum and thanks for the comment . it is true and it is depressing . but as it says , we are attracted to sad things so we like it . lolz toodles agree :) jung type descriptions infp creative , smart , idealist , loner , attracted to sad things , disorganized , avoidant , can be overwhelmed ... when you send your best friend twenty text messages saying why you were wrong and why they were right . and how you should've just listened to them , but because your feelings were hurt , you ran away ... thank you all so much ! your responses really helped me understand what she is going through better . thank you again ! :) toodles every form of art expresses your emotions whether you ’ re a writer , a painter , a sculpter , an actor or a dancer , you are able let out your feelings through your art . personally i am more of a painter ... dying is better than living forever . congratulations on making such a wise decision to seek help at such a young age . that shows your maturity , and counseling really does help and i believe that your doing the right thing . for your pain ... your poetry is beautiful ! thanks for sharing it :) '