' ahh i liked / like almost all the movies listed . my favorites were the labyrinth , the dark crystal , the princess bride , mac & me , splash , back to the future , ghostbusters , mermaids , who framed rodger ... i know two other females personally that claim to be intp ... although one of them , i don't think is . something else i just thought of ... cam's sister is an intp and she dances all the time ! she loves it ... so maybe it's not that rare . definitely a cool hobby though . first of all ... out of every time you've posted a vid of you dancing on facebook ... i can honestly say i haven't gotten around to watching it . i had no idea you could really dance other than seeing ... your percentage score for the right brain is 53 % . your percentage score for the left brain is 47 % . i could just tell you that i'm more right brained after reading about both sides . lol about the laundry question . i'm the same way . i hate dumb questions . i can't help but treat you like a dumbass if you're going to ask me something so ridiculous . i'll be doing the dishes or ... that's probably exactly why a high self monitor is going to get the job over a low self monitor . i just can't fake my way into things . lol buckethead - star chasing this is amusing . i've always referred to myself as a girl with a guy brain . i'm very feminine physically but not so much emotionally . despite my anxiety and choking before a job interview ... i probably wouldn't get the job anyway because of something like this . i would just tell them , i wanted to work there because i need the ... i was just thinking about this yesterday . why is it that in every movie where there is a funeral , it is always raining and everyone just happens to have a black umbrella ? ! there must have been a ... yes , without a doubt in my mind i have had a few paranormal instances . i believe i know exactly what it was though ... but i wont get into religious beliefs . lol i can bet i scored the lowest out of anyone who takes this test . how could you stand it ? it was so freaking boring ... the timer at the bottom made it worse . i didn't know if there was a time limit ... i also agree that entjs are a good match ... for myself at least . i've had the best relationships with either an estj or entj . i have lucid , extremely vivid dreams . i love having the ability to control them . if i'm having a nightmare , i just turn the situation around . i have more fun in my dreams than any other time in ... estj for me ... perfect balance ! there are certain things we had to learn how to deal with in our relationship , but his extroversion and my introversion really helps balance us as a couple . he has ... i am a scorpio and that's all i know . the description suits me very well though . i believe i type much better than i speak . i'm from texas so i have a bit of a southern accent . here's a little clip from just over two years ago of me babbling . ... my boyfriend of 4 years proposed to me on christmas eve ... and i have been wondering this ever since . we've been together a while . we have both been married once before and after i got divorced , i ... this is the biggest issue i have in my life ... i always follow my head and not my heart . i don't know how to follow my heart but i wish so badly that i could . i think i would have true happiness if ... i need t . p . ( toilet paper ) i never remember kissing my parents on the mouth . i enjoyed hugs but was never very affectionate . i think it's weird seeing older children kiss their parents on the mouth ... however , i have ... i hardly ever do . i think it makes a lot of adults sound immature . i've always felt like people curse because they can't think of any other adjectives to describe certain things . i find some times ... i always did as much of my work at home as i could when i was in school . i hated raising my hand to answer a question even if i knew the answer . i really hated being called on for the answer even ... if i find a woman to be attractive and then she can have an intelligent conversation , she immediately becomes even more beautiful . if i find her to be attractive and she says something ridiculous , ... i'm never afraid of offending someone but that's it out of that list . i love conspiracy theories . i'm always discovering new ones to think about . i just love thinking in general and anything that gets my mind going . i like when someone tells me they like looking at the pictures i take or that my children are cute or that i'm more intelligent than people they know . i also like it when people tell me they ... it's totally condescending and passive aggressive . that's just like when people used to look at the way i dressed and tell me has anyone told you jesus loves you today ? no , but i know he does so ... i like other intps and i like estjs apparently because my boyfriend is and we are a great balance . i can't stand infps though ... their heads are way too in the clouds to be in this world from my ... i don't know about most likely ... but out of all the female intps i know ... they are all bisexual . strange . lol you have a girlfriend ? ! : tongue : i only drink occasionally now but that's because i have a high chance of being an alcoholic and i used to drink a lot and black out . now i know i can only drink one drink or else there's no turning ... i agree ... but i don't just mean appreciating it when someone holds their hair out of their face so they don't get food in it ... but actually being attracted to it . today an entj friend of mine says he finds it attractive when a girl holds her hair out of her face while eating . i'm wondering if this is just a weird trait of his or if other entjs find this ... haha ! i've been dating my current boyfriend for almost 4 years and i've been trying to get him to take me to the zoo ever since ! ughhh still no zoo ! my favorite dates are usually getting ice cream and window shopping ! lol i love going for a relaxing walk or going on a picnic at a park , feeding the ducks ... i also love going to concerts . i'm not ... normally i would say black but a lot of people don't count that ... so otherwise , turquoise / teal / aqua ! i might dress as a harujuku girl or a witch ... typical . i think you should tell the woman about this forum so she can potentially make some associations and chat with people who may actually understand her and be open minded to her personality traits . ... after reading more and more of this ... i just can't believe how childish it sounds . why do you want to try and prove that you are better than this woman ? ! why do you want to shove it in her face ... lady gaga is the only pop music i can enjoy ... i do think she is a very genuine person . i actually get really irritated when someone is listening to pop music and they like it . i just don't understand ... i'll even argue to find out why they like it and tell them the lyrical content is ... i don't believe in soulmates but i do believe intps can fall in love and be very passionate with / to that person . most of the time you're not always 100 % i n t or p , so you could be 55 % t and 45 % ... i don't see how any of that was being passive aggressive . it sounds like she just has better things to do in her mind . i don't know about all the rest of intps but i'm definitely not passive ... i still definitely say intp ... i have buckethead dvds which shows him growing up in his home life . he's very strange , very eccentric but he really does keep to himself . he never shows himself ... i always wash my hands and hate them being wet ... if there are paper towels and an air dryer , i will take the paper first because it's faster . if i have no other option i will blow dry them mostly ... maynard is definitely intp ... so obvious . you can tell from more than lyrical content . i follow him on twitter and the fact that he doesn't come back stage or like to meet fans shows he's really ... i always fly in my dreams too ! those are the best . if i'm trying to run away from something , i just decide to fly and nothing can get me ... really fun too . haha '