' shows what i know .. as of now , i'm officially not a part of this debate anymore , due to lack of knowledge ... to me it appears , that they had more of an on / off kind of fling , while kurt seemed to invest all his love in her , making him a much easier target for courtney's manipulation ( in theory ) . and then ... well , maybe i spoke too quickly . however , you quoted an old post of mine .. i cannot diagnose her , obviously ( also , i'm not a psychiatrist ) . but everything about her seems fake and cold . and ... picked depends on my mood . but it also depends on the number of people ; public speaking : no ! sharing an anecdote with a group of friends : depends on my mood ... true . by doing that , i got 20 out of 20 correct :) [ edit ] i just realized that i took this test a while ago , and only got 16 out of 20 , so these results probably can't be trusted - i had just ... also in my case , which i think is fair , as you don't know the person yet . well , actually with me it's mostly their charm that strikes me , but in my mind charm automatically translates to beauty . like ... i'm not that bad with money . i always make sure that i have enough by only buying what i need and making sure that i buy from the cheapest brand available . however , i'm not that good at going into ... i'm too damn sensitive ! i can't even throw away my old water boiler because i feel sorry for it ! i'm deeply ashamed of being so defective and i'm deeply ashamed that i get ashamed so easily . i'm ... if the world was the other way around and extroverts were the minority , they would be the creepy ones because they'd stalk people and constantly talk about random , meaningless stuff . but i ... my parents are more rational , while i'm more dramatic and emotional . yet they're both nurses while i intend to become a chemist . it's a funny ol ' world .. i know that , but i keep pitying where there's no pity needed . i'm a hyper-sentimental person whose logic gets distorted by emotions , even though i wish it was the other way around . most of my ... please , let there be karma in this world ! i can't stand the fact that people who're jerks are hugely rewarded for it , while the few of us who tries to be nice get hit by a shovel everytime we stand ... why the fuck do i have to care so much about shit that's going on , while others get to ignore it and live happily ? i know that i don't have to worry , but my stupid , idealistic mind won't ever give me ... people think of animals as tools . even pets . it's sad but true . i have a cat that i really like but soon i have to move to a place where pets aren't allowed , so i'm looking for someone to take him ... i'm speculating that emotion and thought are playing ping pong ; a thought triggers a reactional emotion , which alters the thought-pattern , leading to new thoughts that either triggers new emotions or ... if i'm remotely interested in someone , i throw them brief glares from time to time . and that's it . and when i'm interested in someone it can range from romantic , even sexual interest to a feature ... [ / quote ] i like this description ; it's like we're busy revulotionizing the world with our personal inputs , while the others are busy small-talking about meaningless shit while getting drunk . yet , ... i could have truthfully written all of it . so yes . even other introverts around me seems to think there's something wrong with me when i have the need to withdraw . it took my parents 20 years to ... i'm way more laid back than hippies . i wear more or less normal clothing , though i try not to look like everyone else . i used to be interested in expanding my mind and i did shrooms a couple of ... the first one , this ; my life is already much like that and i would love to try something new . also , growing up as an infp is much about easing one's value system , because that's the only way an ... i think that looking younger might be an advantage from age 25 and up , but until then it just means you're slightly underdeveloped . at least , that's how i experience it .. we have schools like that in my country . if i ever have kids , they're gonna go to one of those . i went to public school as a kid . it was the most traumatizing experience of my life ! and i've shared a ... i had to skip school today ; yesterday i treated my cats with flea killer . last night they took their revenge ; now i have 5 flea bites in my mouth ! my lips are double sized , and i'm a pretty full ... when there's a war , the leaders exploit nationalism in order to make someone else kill the people they don't like . if war broke out in usa and every single american were killed , the last to be killed ... for my part , 98 % of all people suck . 1 % i like and the last 1 % are those who not only suck , but do everything they can to make others ' lives suck , whether it's because they're sociopathic , psychotic ... i dislike normal people . the other day when i was driving in the country , i saw a flock of birds and seconds later i saw an old man with long hair and a long beard taking photos of them and it made ... i'm currently in a muddy state of emptiness , loneliness , hopelessness , optimism and a slight loathing to top it all off . also , besides optimism there are other slight positive feelings , that i can't ... the problem is that in this world , there are people whose asses you have to kiss , or they will become your enemy and do what they can to break you . i do need other people in my life , but no person ... when i'm down , people get mad at me when i express anything else than something positive . but generally the world seems to be like a reverse prison ; it won't let me in . i hide when i'm hurt , because ... hitler wanted to un-degenerate humanity , so to speak , so he wiped out the ( in his perception ) faulty ones - seems like a pretty logical action ; it even takes care of overpopulation . to me he seems ... it depends .. if i had any business outside , i'd prefer it to around 20 centigrades ( that's 68 fahrenheit ; you americans really need to switch to the metric system ! ) , slightly breezy , slightly ... i've been the victim of several femme fatales so i find it very hard to trust women . i know it's pointless , but i can't change it . now i actually wish i was gay or asexual , because i keep finding ... i hate being so fucking sentimental about everything , it's just too pathetic . i feel like a crappy hollywood movie or an episode of beverly hills . today a friend of mine cancelled an appointment and ... i'm not that good at socializing . but then again , i don't really think i like other people .. i live in denmark so my native language is danish ( voted ' other ' ) . my country has always been fond of the globalization , so everyone basically tries to mimic what you americans do in terms of food ... i don't necessarily think so . my former friend and room-mate , who's an enfp , has recently been admitted to an insane asylum ( i don't know the politically correct term for ' insane asylum ' in english , ... as far as i can see , those results are biased and inconclusive . i did , however , only read the abstract .. i'm at a good place in my life right now . but i've always been very sensitive , so it doesn't take much to give me a momentary depression . my feelings can be so strong , that they overpower logic and i ... only one right now . but i'm only doing this while drinking my morning coffee and i have to get going soon ( i know it's past 12 , but everything is relative - even the definition of ' morning ' ) i'm indecisive . 3000 is what i make in 4 months , so financially it would be a huge advantage . and i don't measure my life's worth by duration but by the numbers and magnitudes of my accomplishments , ... i do believe that there are probably more differences between the races than the visual , appearance-related ones , but i don't think it's something like personality types . the european race , however , ... yes , i'm very naive and my friends like to tease me about it . but it's all in good fun : happy : however , the fun stopped when i moved in with my friend back in february ; we had all noticed that he ... the description of last-borns also contradicts the infp description . i'm last-born , but i mostly relate to the middle-born description . i also have some of the only-child traits , but then again , my ... usually when i'm faced with a big decision , there's only one answer . like if i'm deciding whether i should take a job , the other choice is to not take the job and remain jobless , which leads me to ... 11 gives me a feeling of safety , which 99 tries hard to contradict . i wouldn't want to be a female , cause guys are jerks ; to most guys , a woman isn't worth anymore than the ' x ' out of 10 score of her body . society is so sick that many women feel they have to do ... i think in many cases people already know the solution , but it's too hard a thing to do ( whatever it is ) while receiving sympathy is nice , easy and gives a sense of security . however , sympathy only ... as long as there's oil , the war will go on . also , there's something fishy about bin laden's death . maybe i've read the news wrong , but has anyone actually seen him dead except for the navy-people ... i'm so incredibly sad today . it's ruining my appetite . funny how emotional emptiness can balance out physical emptiness . and what's the fucking deal with feeling so blue anyway ? what benefits do the ... and i'm so impatiently waiting for that end ! '