' don't touch me . i don't really lie much , because why would i bother investing so much energy into other people ? most common lies people usually tell are ones to spare other people's feelings . it's easier to just ... people shouldn't birth more kids until every last child that is without a family has one . apparently banana slices on pizza is a thing . vegan intp . after i faced my excuses , i transitioned overnight . it was rather easy - with internet at my disposal , i can't see why it would be difficult . i never really planned to go vegan , i guess ... neither . i'm for voluntary human extinction . a little over three years . we haven't completely avoided it , i did vaguely bring it up a couple times when i got really frustrated . he's okay with discussing situations , but very rarely are they ... again , lightbox pretty much answered for me : one thing i will add though , is that i do feel guilty for thinking this way sometimes . i haven't discussed this with my partner at all because it ... you've pretty much described my situation . almost down to the t . me and my istp can have really interesting conversations but it still feels like there's something missing . some kind of a mind ... a doctor , i think ? it's been so long since i've had any kind of hopes and dreams for my life that it really doesn't feel like a real memory anymore . dark souls : prepare to die edition mine is a solid 5/7 . thanks everyone . i should've probably mentioned that i do have gad , so it's probably just coming from my anxiety being a bit stronger lately . i'm not on medication since i have decided against it for ... i have been having the tendency to double or triple check things ( sometimes even more ) in the past year . it's only getting worse . is the stove still on ? did i turn the light off ? is my hairdryer ...  both are by frederic leighton . it's easier to exercise more intensively when you're in a healthy state of mind . that being said , lately all i do is yoga every day and jogging whenever i feel up to it . helps with anxiety ... gossip is just boring . mostly because i don't have any interest in other people's lives . with the exception of a couple of people i'm close to . does anyone see the irony in this thread ? yes , please , go ahead and get mad at me for saying your 3 year old phone needs to be replaced . the bearer of bad ( aka realistic ) news is always at fault , right ? sounds logical enough . from what i understand , adam and eve are more of an analogy than anything else . they were never real . or so i've heard from a few priests . however , the bible contains plenty of other fairy-tales that ... i can definitely relate to the hypersensitivity issues . in particular audio and touch sensitivity . every erratic small sound can irk me ( especially if i'm trying to sleep , i'm an incredibly light ... ever got treated for it ? is there any medication or something that they can do about it ? i had very vivid dreams ever since i can remember . pretty much every night . i'm an extremely light sleeper ... no electricity ? i have a fix : and i think people can manage to take a bus to a store ( or walk , or ride a bike , etc . ) a ... silverfalcon thank you , that's basically the point i was trying to get across . you summed it up better . the poorest countries in the world still survive off of starch-based plant foods purely because ... it's a risk factor if you let it be one . just like anything else . some people are naturally born with talent , others work their asses off for it . some people are born healthy and destroy ... i didn't read it because i know it's bullshit and it's the number one excuse for so many people . you don't have to dig that far into our history to understand that poor people loaded up on starchy ... who talked about fat shaming ? that's a whole different subject . do i think pointing fingers at people and laughing at them is going to help ? of course not . but i don't think we should glorify obesity ... if an older version of me faced me and started giving me life advice i would check myself into a mental institution . the percentage of people that actually have a genetic condition causing them to be overweight is laughable at best . the majority of the people that play the bad genes card are lying to themselves ... either way it's clearly not adjusted properly . which makes bmi a poor tool to use when trying to determine healthy human weight . my bmi is 17.6 and it says that i'm underweight . i am trying to gain muscle mass currently , but i wouldn't say i'm underweight by a long shot . i used to be much skinnier . bmi is such bullshit . it's ... this argument gets me every time : if gays want to have children , why don't they just make them naturally ? ha , you see , they can't , so they shouldn't have kids ! and if i ask that person if it would ... on a scale of 1-10 , i'm not on the scale . anything and everything by tchaikovsky . by far my favorite composer . i have no idea how i would go about picking my favorite out of all of his works , so instead i'm going to pick my favorite chopin ...   vipassana meditation is really good in my personal experience . all you need to practice it is a bit of quiet time during your day . i'll throw in a link explaining what it is and how to practice it : ... anywhere with air conditioning in the summer and heating in the winter is just fine . i guess the prices vary , but it's on the cheap side here . i only drank mine for about 2 weeks , then i didn't need it anymore . honestly you can get enough non-heme iron from plant sources if you include at least one serving of legumes a day and quit caffeine all together . i've always had problems with anemia myself due to ... if you're serious about the iron deficiency definitely do not just buy the supplement and take it on your own . too many people end up in the er because they take too many supplements for no reason ... i may or may not have listened to this song 50 times just today alone . procrastinate on all the things i'd still want to do until i realized it was my last day . then say fuck it . why choose one when you can have both ? the masses are not able to handle the truth . europe right now : blah blah blah ... immigrants ! all of a sudden it hit me . i remembered why i don't talk to many people anymore . why i don't hang out with a lot of people anymore . the conversation steered into personal territory once more . people ... what even is the theme of this thread anymore ? i was going through another bout of depression when i started this thread back then . i had periods of where i experienced depersonalization . the chameleon thing still happens on occasion , but for the ... quite odd that you would say that since you clearly take all of this very personally yourself . '