' yeah that's fine . by the way , are you african american ? this came into my gut just now . thank you so much staff for banning davidh ! e - extroverted i - introverted n - big picture s - details t - thoughts ( t's do not have any form of adhd ) talking about 717553 energy = idn social protection = dlt healing = act no . esfp . i'm not inexperienced . i simply don't care about functions . don't worry about me being mad at you as long as i'm able to type what i'm typing right now . i don't know how people who care ... first off all , i didn't post in this thread to be insulted . second , i don't care about functions . third , i'm more experienced than most of you probably with typing . fourth , i'm definitely ... as an entj , i notice that we tend to know the wrong way to do things . here's an example . when i'm pegging people , i know another person is an ... i say this with respect , but you're misinterpreting my post . op . i say enfj . telling people what to do . supervision relationships . saying what you don't want to hear . both ends . even if you're right . the two men in the photos are qid to each other in socionics . which means they aren't a danger to each other . i'm certain you're an istj . gut feeling . i definitely respect this post . david doesn't understand socionics , and is making fun of me for understanding it . speaking of pegging , he's an esfj . the way he's behaving towards me . ego in socionics ! enfj for robin williams ! shocked at the response i got on this thread , even from staff . i also don't believe david knows how to peg people . i can respect the rest of the responses . i don't understand this post . years ago , someone else told me i was an entj after i thought i was other types . he told me why he thought that , and it's obvious he's right . i don't think it . i know it . i actually know what i'm talking about unlike a lot of you . i really do , and it's because of me being an entj . i'm not sure what to think about when i drive , or even walk . i already know better than to eat and move at the same time . is this an ... the way i internally react to everything . scares me . i also expect meaner responses than what i get from other people . when i know they're talking about a problem . andywarski deefizzy mrfancycar enfj's freddie wong howiereportinglive steve kardynal scott kinmartin i give enfp's the most credit for writing words . i give infp's the most credit with guns . i give entj's the most credit with special fx . i give intj's the most credit for categorizing anything . i give esfp's the most credit for understanding everything . i give isfp's the most credit with comedy drama . i give estj's the most credit with jokes . i think they have the most to learn from each other . out of all the socionics benefit relations . as long as they respect each other's boundaries , this can be a very educational relationship for ... has anyone stopped and thought about this ? i think that donald trump is a fine president , and the kinda president many people think that donald trump is the kinda president that martin luther king ... i think this is the right section of the board . i have a gut feeling that isfj's are the best with nintendo video games . i apologize for my recent posts here offending everyone . family causing me a lot of anger . : laughing : enfp female istj male equals you've got mail ! people who struggle with finding happiness . people who struggle with finding employment . 776 posts . unlucky number . 709386 calm down . i'm merely offering statements about things i don't care about . i offer statements about everything regardless if i care or not . it's the way i roll . i feel like i'm the only regular poster here serious about learning . thx 4 replying out of all the forums i visit , this one takes the longest to load . the main page . do you guys know how to read ? seriously ? i know how to , but i don't enjoy it . i thought i was an enfj at first , then esfj , then i changed my type numerous amount of times before an intj informed me that i was an entj . i had that intj watch [ redacted ] videos . he told me ... there are more people mistyped than people typed correctly . thought i'd let know this entire forum know that . how do i know i'm an entj ? ask any mbti partitioner . joseph noecker is a local ... i pay too much attention to the big picture aka this entire forum . that other forum . toxicity central . they think i'm toxic when it's them . socionics complete relationship chart between psychological ( personality ) types abusive relationships idn = me with other entj's mrr = me with intj's sdl = me with infp's ill = me with ... '