' when faced with a moral conundrum i tend to examine what the implications of my choice would be either way . the period of reflection on the issue could be a few seconds to more than a day depending ... and here we have it straight from the chickens mouth ... what the hell are you talking about , just stop and think about what you just said that's a complete oversimplification and generalisation everybody listen , i've reached my talking quota ... my fragrance ; r . kelly ’ s sheets pisss . ... i never really understood the whole role model / hero paradigm particularly sporting heroes . the notion of placing someone fictional or real on a pedestal to admire is adhorrent and detestable . just ... you might want to think about changing your username mr burns ( of simpsons fame ) is an intj . perhaps you could use prof . frink instead . being accused of trolling when you were simply trying to make a joke based on observations . when you ... believe that you're better than others fantasizing about power , success and attractiveness exaggerating your achievements or talents expecting constant praise and ... ^ hope this clears up any confusion . there is something quite maniacal about his laugh , kind of evil genuis takes over the world , therefore i like . when you like the machines at work better than the people ... when you like this at first and really enjoy it but then you realise that it's a ... intj - when we're in a happy place intj - when we're were forced to take happy pills one of us , one of us , one of us ... this is one of those things that you're going to remember when your not supposed to laugh . you can ... this too happens to me and i don't even drive . the weirdest situation this has happened is in a car park beside a river flowing in the opposite direction to the way the car i was waiting was ... for me it depends on the topic , in order to win the debate it goes without saying that you must have background knowledge about the topic . once an nt has done their homework it becomes almost ... thanks for posting these links really appreciate it , the bowers and wilkins soundbar has a cool design as well as top class sound quality . did you see the trumstand , i'm a sucker for all that retro ... hi all , pondering what to get for christmas and can't seem to decide on anything . so when in doubt start a thread . what are you guys getting for christmas anything you would recommend in terms ... ... when you look into the mirror and see this we are always watching , even when ... simply put - too much of a good thing is bad for you ! same goes for too many intjs . i am 265 months old or 1,154 weeks old or 8,082 days old or 193,977 hours old or 11,638 , 667 minutes old or 698,320 , 055 seconds old ... and still counting best occupational category you're a researcher keywords independent , self-motivated , reserved , introspective , analytical , and curious e investigative types gather information , analyze and ... sherlock holmes - a game of shadows the only time i can remember having a full-on cry was when my dog died ( hit by a car ) and my family buried her before i got home so i never got a proper chance to say goodbye : sad : . perhaps you could have done this 100 years ago but now a lot of science is carried out using state of the art machines such as hplc , mass spectrometry , nuclear magnetic resonance , capillary ... what's life without whimsy ... fat penguin - my friend always says this when there is a silence just needed something to break the ice it really erks me . people who sit beside you but can't seem to sit still and appear to ... avoid these and you should be fine the 10 most worthless college majors – holytaco i'd personally like to add to the list history of any kind and geography , why anyone would need to go to ... stewie griffin , tom riddle , severus snape , hannibal , sheldon cooper , dr . cox , v from v for vendetta , prof . moriarty , dexter ( dexters laboratory ) and of course the brain : tongue : . i don't know how many times this has happened to me but i come on to this thread to post a comment end up reading the last page of comments and forget what i originally wanted to post oh well i try ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? intj 2 : what's your gender ? male 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? i ’ m between the middle and eldest child , but looking at the rest of ... at this point it has become so innate that i don't even realise i'm doing it . why do i do it ; probably to anticipate possible outcomes in a situation so it makes dealing with them easier . i'm ... a healthy contempt for your nearest rival and always try to out do yourself . absolutely hopeless , worst scenario was at collage where the group i was in for a project must have been all judgers it took us three weeks to come up with an idea . but once we had the idea there was ... watch it to the end or you'll miss the best part . when a friend asks to look at your notes from class , takes a quick look at them and hands them back almost immediately saying they make no sense to them but then you look at them and see why . you ... the objective is simple : world domination my motive is a little bit more complex : power stage one : to begin my plan , must first blackmail a wall street executive . this will cause the world to ... i'm sorry i won't be able to make it this time particularly after the last sleepover ordeal , i am still working on getting over my stockholm syndrome . you were told never to contact me again , how ... even if the slash bar represents a fraction the answeris still 288 48 over 2 = 24 over 1 = 24 therefore it is still 24 * ( 12 ) = 288 i think you are reading into it too much . the science geek who somehow found himself among the popular kids for most of high school but in the last year realised they were the most boring kids in the school as far as personality . so ... i'm not from usa but judging by those maps the west coast and north east seem the most nt friendly , personally i'd stay well clear of the south east but that could be stereotyping . anyone who gets 2 as an answer needs to go back to school , clearly they have no idea how to read a mathematical question . its 288 , perhaps a simpler way to write it would be ( 48 / 2 ) * ( 9 + 3 ) = ... these are just too funny : laughing : . i bet most of these people were trying to impress their employer with their fancy english abilities but ended up utilizing words thoroughly out of context ... i think loyality is the real issue here , i would continue being freinds with both of them but the original friend would come first . i am not easily swayed by peer pressure unless there is a valid ... as far as i can remember i ’ ve only dreamt of flying once . i too had wings that were large greyish / black in colour and they could appear and disappear when needed . i was flying around a large gothic ... take a vacation , vacations are for the weak ! just joking for me it ’ s about culture and learning something new , so i plan and research it to a certain extent but not too much because i want to be ... i'd say the houses are less about types and more about priorties and an individuals value systems . i'm more concerned with learning and knowledge so i'd want to be in ravenclaw but i am also ... competition , vengence and most impotantly seeing the look on an incompetent fools face when i beat them . funny you should ask , long time ago i actually found the world so i contacted the authorities and they say if no one else claims it by december 21st 2012 a . d . , i can keep it for myself . so just 74 ... '