' i'm pretty sure that i'm missing something ... but i can't remember what ... it's a toyota 629050 35 intp not diagnosed for me sunrise means : it's time to sleep i find driving very stressfull when i'm in the traffic ... because in italy you have to fight in the roads : laughing : i don't hate cooking by itself , i hate to cleanup everything needed to do it . i had a similar ( ? ) scenario but she was cheating and i knew that and after 8yrs of solid relationship i was destroyed . you should talk to her and accept the person that she is now , not before . if ... yes i feel better now , i talked to her and she is totally freak out , even her parents don't recognize her anymore . i realized that she is another person right now , i still miss the old her but ... my ideal day : be woken up by a bj and have a quickie , cook and have breakfast together , have a walk into the mountains with some dogs , get back and have a shower washing her hairs and have sex , cook ... rpg : classes with a badass greatsword ( like slayer in tera ) fps : depends , but often engineers with shotgun i love melee fights drugs , they are hiding drugs . ok vegan cheesecake without butter and cheese , how is it possible ? : th_cool : welcome : th_jttesur : intp 8 + / 10 i was cocky and noisy . almost everyone knew me , everyone were friendly , anyway i had no friends at all . pass , i'm not homo what would you like to hear from her ? in a best case scenario , now and in a hypothetical past during fights like you wrote : i would find that when we have arguments ( even though they where more ... can't remember , long time ago 2-3 weeks ago never everyday never i lack in handshake reflex ( hands hug ? : th_cool :)  nope , it's uncomfortable and obsolete . i've tried more times and no i totally hate it . they probably respect your intimacy and don't want to force you talking about you . so you can't get mad and everything will be ok . when they respond to your questions with every detail possible means ... i think sensing and intuition are not good , i really like feelers . i'm in a similar situation like you but i'm of the opposite side ( intp ) that's why i'm here ... she ( isfp ) broke up for a ... 323058 the real lain : th_wink : i don't have any crush at all . until i can't talk and spend my time with a girl i can't have a crush . i do some trading , but i'm not rich and it's not a job for me . i can just gain some money sitting here without any stress . if you don't care about your savings and you want to invest them try this ... a fleshy welcome for me marriage is just an event where you can show your love to everyone but i don't believe in the ceremony or that something will be different in a relationship after the marriage . it can be ... africa , we can buy a huge valley ( cheap ) and create our empyre ! let's do this tomorrow or ... another day ... or ... whatever ... test showed intj but i prefer infj for sure . i can talk for hours with ( nerdy ) infj and it's really uncommon for me . i can feel the sinergy , even fighting is interesting . isfp drain out all my energy during a conversation . most of them don't want to see the logic , they don't want the solution , they don't want to accept the truth when something is going bad . i love to do some exercises in the gym . the ones that i can see how much my body is strong / weak like bench and deadlifts . i don't like squats but i do them every workout cause i'm weak ... i think ... my first job was the electrictian ... i hate that job . and every job that you have to work with other people to complete your tasks . construcions jobs are totally nonono . my favourites are the ones ... i'm not against it but i'm not interested . i want a deep mental and physical connection for a nice satisfying sex . else it's just in / out repeat . i don't know if the chick is hot or not but this picture is just ... amazing i have problems to show affection . but when i care about someone i'm kinda obsessive ... it's like that person is my toy or my computer and i need to take care and solve all their problems and this is ... 1 - breaking bad 2 - game of thrones 3 - hannibal 4 - the walking dead 5 - house of cards zombies : th_jttesur : lazyness welcome , your avatar is awesome . find a way to say thank you without saying thank you . looks easy , press him with your presence and get him back to you . welcome :P maybe i can create like 10 seconds of music then ... * drop the project * this gir is looking for xxx male 20-23 in all other subforums i prefer got cause i can escape from the real world . hoc is like the opposite . this girl is asking everywhere in the forum : laughing : ofc pretty and smart will be perfect . anyway look is the minimum requirement , all of us have a minimum standard then personality plays a huge role . my last ( and only ) gf betrayed me for a guy ... i had a good childhood my main problem was ( is ) the loneliness . i can't judge myself objectively as lover but i love to love , oxytocin over 9000 ! with eye contact i tend to overanalyse missing the present . maybe he has the same problem . weird is good ! for duty i mean reveal your feelings . i have this problem with people that i care but not too much . in my mind is : 1 - poker face 2 - act like a normal guy in a normal situation 2.1- what can be normal now ? 2.1 . 0 - idk * fatal error * ... the other post was all really good and this is kinda bad . are you trying to delay your duty ? :P '