' plain / stripes in vertical direction - no chequered - two colours max - no bright colours not sure about it being sensible , but definitely uniform : tongue : true neutral - a true neutral character does what seems to be a good idea . he doesn't feel strongly one way or the other when it comes to good vs . evil or law vs . chaos . oh yeah , living the dream ... thought this was a bdsm thread o . o fair enough . the typing is the hard bit . but if you've pinned a bar-code on someone and they are , indeed , that particular type , then they will most likely follow a general consensus . it's ... i stand ready to serve , m'lady : kitteh : give it a go . i dare ya : wink : sorry , i had to highlight the whole thing because this is truly nonsensical ridiculousness at its finest . each ... : frustrating : i get slightly annoyed when i see statements like these . op , don't let their slightly condescending & vastly misled remarks discourage you . i agree intjs come in many different ... too busy drooling at your avatar to notice : blushed : o . o was a bit dubious with the start , but boy ! beautiful ! p . s . what's the name of that adorable character you've got as your avatar ? xd i apologise for posting , but i just have to say this . sorry : frustrating : you're assuming only esfps can be attractive ... and if you wish , we can continue this via pm . i'm not going to ... o . o i never said anything closely related to that . please find a quote of mine stating women who present themselves attractively are airheads - i really want to see it . and personally , i rather ... lol ! thanks for pointing it out : laughing : errr , you're contradicting yourself here ( phrases are in bold ) . out of curiosity , why is it lucky for you it's not accurate ( phrases underlined ) ? ... was on fakku reading some good , ol ' futa when i received this e-mail notification . curiosity got the better of me , and wow , curiosity killed the boner :d ry : firstly brian , please fix your ... ironic : frustrating : well , i'm off to bed ; it's pretty late . this debate has been fun and i feel we're actually getting somewhere . debates with sjs , however , : confused : like talking to a brick ... if you don't show any depth at all and talk about stupid stuff all day ( e . g . gossip & clothing ) , i doubt any intellectual would dedicate much time to know you better . drop that shallow base level - ... sarcasm is duly noted . it's way too fucking deep by the way . the semantics between the words to and too is significant enough that i kindly advise you not to make the same mistake again . ... oxymoron ? : crazy : but yeah , there are smart sps out there - my sister , for example , is one . however , there is a great difference between smart and intellectual . my enfp brother , whom i ... sounds like an infj to me - i'm almost certain . personally , i think your crush will need time to adjust . infjs are known to have difficulties leaving bad relationships , and that was certainly ... creator : you're right . an infj seems the best fit . i disagree . there is a a lot of debate regarding the intro / extraverted-ness of light . i believe the main source of the confusion ... your question is too broad . from what i'm getting , you seem to be looking for tactics & strategy on how to be persuasive . if you want pointers to convince and inspire people , drop by the enfp ... found this article today and funny enough / coincidentally , it corresponds to the thread intj chicks now wanting babies ? . and especially this quote : researchers say western iqs dropped 14 ... you'll realise it'll take much more than that to creep me out : wink : enjoy the wink : blushed : i gave up on that 2 years ago . i do have skype though . edit : added skype details . you are free to add me if you wish : happy : use lubricant . and trust me , the sensations are : blushed : i correct them simply because it is wrong - being wrong has an intrinsic value , i believe . seeing people get better over time mentioned somewhere above doesn't even cross my mind . sure , there ... the intj-entp army would , without doubt , obtain victory . reasoning is pretty simple - i just don't see myself losing a war : rolleyes : personally , my favourite intj psychopath is rau le creuset from mobile suit gundam seed . that man knew what he wanted and how to achieve it . oh , and beautiful manipulation of patrick zala , who i ... analysis : likewise . i enjoy standing away at long distances and observing their activity as they interact with their peers in their natural habitat . but only if i'm extremely bored . ... - sigh - potentially , i can see this happening to me next year when i'm off to university :/ after attending my secondary school for 7 years , i've been able to surround myself with a few ... i'm an asshole , not a shithead - . - here's a useful quote : i thought i was wrong , but i was mistaken . :p roud : things said to me : you're the weirdest person i know ( of ) . - infp classmate you always have to be right ! - ... personally , i don't give two cents about politics . even plato once said , those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber . that's my official ... i initiated a small survey not long back on penis curvature in the sex and relationships forum . expanding on a poor pun , i humourously dubbed it curvation . unfortunately , i quickly came to realise ... jungian theory and the resulting myres-briggs theory deals with cognitive functions i . e . the way we think and as a result , the way we behave . enneagram , on the other hand , deals with motivation and ... you can also take this test , developed / supported ( not sure which , but probably both ) by personality cafe itself : comprehensive enneagram quiz after you discover your trifix , these two links ... you only say that because you can practise polygamy , your excellency : laughing : personally , i like where the world is going with this o . o getting shot due to discussing philosophy is a much better alternative than being randomly pawned by : a ) a deranged psychopath b ) some ... thus you feel intellectually inferior to her ? because she's exceptionally smart ? but anyways , lets leave it at that and not draw this out . believe it or not , i'm not in the mood for a debate + i'm ... very good question . however , given the context , is it wrong to assume you're beginning to doubt your own intellect ? o . o ah , the pitfalls of infatuation ... xd psychoanalysis - that's why i'm here : tongue : medical & scientific breakthroughs greek mythology roman history ( from the time of gaius marius to augustus caesar ) metaphysics & philosophy ... if you want something not-childish , try fate / zero , gundam seed or black jack ova . make it your last ditch effort for anime and if you don't like them , i really have nothing to say o . o at all ... ... more like intp - herd conformity : laughing : but on a serious note , i don't have facebook account ... and probably never will . if you ever decide to make an intj / intp skype group ( though it'd be a ... have you done the enneagram test ? i have an istj friend who developed his n really well and integrated a few intj traits . turns out he was a 6w5 ... which made a lot of sense . the links posted by mbarub mainly expand on cognitive functions ( haven't watched the videos yet ) . have you tried matching your type with behaviour ? basic example : intj's are more neat than ... a pencil sharpener and u200ban eraser ... all in one ! ! ! o . o revolutionary : blushed : should have gotten him / her a pencil too while you were at it though : frustrating : take it as a compliment ( which it is ) despite his tone : laughing : that'll twist his panties even more ! let's employ statistics : world population estimation ( 2012 ): 7,017 , 846,922 for those who are curious . internet users estimation ( 2012 ): 2,405 , 518,376 nt percentage compiled from : ... interesting video . there was one thing that struck me though . i do empathise with people , but i do not sympathise . empathy - share and understand the feelings of another . sympathy - ... i second another from above . it's starts a little slow but is definitely worth it . fate / zero is a must watch . the first episode is a little technical and confusing if you don't have any background ... definitely a villain . i prefer playing with others than be played with : laughing : '