' friendship - have to know me very very well . though , it's subject to change . say if someone seriously deceives me . i dump them off faster than you can say friendship . 1 . nope . i think i'm all out of friends that are girls . but most of my friends are gay men or straight men . 2 . few friends ( guy friends ) . very few .. not a lot of people think i'm likable at all . 3 ... i would have sex with her . though i'm not a male , i felt free to comment on here anyway . as i do find females attractive as well as males . intp entp entj intj : i liked and was very intrigued . i've watched most of the ... as previously stated , i find it unnecessary as well . naturally . i live with one . that's exactly what i thought . lol attempting to make small talk ... small talk stinks . i don't typically seek practical use out of learning unless it's ... practical material . i had an sp friend who was very annoyed by this , so i ruled her out as useless . i think learning for the ... i have had insomnia since i was 4 or 5 . i've always stayed up late . i think that my insomnia has more to do with anxiety than anything ( and the fact i enjoy caffeine everyday ) . i take benadryl and ... 11033 i'm considering doing purple or green highlights ( two favorite colors ) , or maybe just on piece of my hair . i'm not sure . atheist . leaning heavily toward existentialism . i'm horrible with directions . x . x but i do know where the cheapest places are to get items i'm seeking . i'm a bit obsessive about that . i think it's a massive suicidal distraction from the fact our economy is bullshit and just a merit to how greedy we are . dying for a piece of land ... give me a break ... my mother is an infp and my father is an istj . i think i spent most of my childhood with my mom and then when i hit 13 i began living with my dad and still am . my oldest brother : istp sister : esfp ... i'd explain every single one of their character flaws . if they disagree ( or give a childish response such as ur a poopie head ) , then it's pretty apparent they're hopeless and blind . so . i walk away ... you've just met her . i enjoy aesthetics very much so . constantly changing my hair . doing different makeup styles . my style of dress varies as well . 1 : 19 2 : female 3 : 5-6 ( unless i take pills . then it's unpredictable . but this is generally how many hours i get ) . who needs friends when you have yourself ? yeah . i was thinking the same . i value it to a point of someone being dishonest towards me consistently .. could turn into a sarcastic massacre , not to mention resent and disgust . another thing i noticed is i'm very honest and open about myself outright ( some things i do obviously keep concealed ) . not sure if that's qualifies as an un-intj quality . i'm quite proud of myself ... hahaha , i wonder the same about guys . as do i . a person i know fairly well has an fe that's off the scale . i don't really understand it but being around him is ... frustrating . such as the fact the one i know in particular trusts ... not just the males . sometimes i can't even stop myself from looking at them . ah , the glory of having boobs . thank you . :) i dislike the predictability of villain vs hero ... villain has plan , hero sits on his ass , villain's plan goes into action , hero gets off his ass , villain's plan goes awry , hero gets praised for ... very possible , as the products are being produced massively . i see hello kitty everywhere i go . i can't resist the cuteness ! as a kid , i didn't want to hang out with the girls . i recall once in 4th grade in which a boy said to me why don't you go sit at the girl lunch table i said to him i don't like them ... sounds like what i do . and if they don't understand i get a lot of mhm . okay . yeah . cool . i may as well shut up and direct them to the titty bar . conversation ( as previously stated ) . i cannot start a conversation with an existing person if my life depended on it . and what would be the point , anyway ? i watch how my mom gets distracted by all ... what kind of games are you playing ? i know i fail at first person shooters but in everything else i can exceed fairly well . i like ... hello kitty . that's ... 10879 here you are . that's me . a kiss to all intjs starting to get into wolfsheim , now . : 3 nope . with the exception of my exfp brother . he constantly claims to hate drama yet expresses it practically every moment of his life . and when i try to provide insight , he's stubborn as a bull ... to add my two cents , i personally love documentaries . i can discard the vocal tone and pay attention to what he / she is saying rather than what he / she sounds like . all the pretty pictures , too . i can ... ah , yes . i actually have read through all of that before . i suppose i was sort of stumped due to my fi possibly showing up more than often . i suppose i didn't read much into fe . anyway , all figured ... oh fuck . i wouldn't even be able to handle someone uber-religious watching what i look at . they'd probably send me far far away . interesting . i would never hover over others . i stuck to my own ... i look . i wait . if no response , i engage . then i observe for days upon days ultimately realizing they aren't all they're cracked up to be and just put on a facade . if that doesn't happen , a ... i agree . haha . naturally . :) hahaha ! been there done that . i've watched every vile piece of gore . i've displayed the august underground series in all its glory . i even watched salo in fullscreen ( that's 1600x900 of an ... yes . my brother is an e and he is constantly curious . hovering over me ... however , my dad is an i for sure , so you would think he'd realize the value of privacy . especially since he goes to lengths ... exactly ! i do the same thing ! and then my rationality comes into play such as calm down . it's just a person . how can you be so sure he / she is suitable . you have so many things to consider . shut up ... exactly . it's unfortunate not many see things this way . completely oblivious . it's frustrating . though the good in people can be thought of , the bad in them is typically never forgotten ( at least in ... i have a cat and a dog . i suppose i have unconditional love and value for animals because they have no negative intentions . i'm closer to my cat than my dog , though . she's my baby . she's not as ... green . though , i have yet to see a window in them unless i'm looking at a window . i've found myself staring into a window screen for about 10 minutes and trying to create other images out of it . such as i'll see little particles of dust and picture them as actually existing inside ... to put into simple terms , i engage in my fi and discard my te in times of extreme stress . it almost feels like a meltdown to me . as if i'm incapable of thinking and my emotions take over . my ni ... which is precisely why you should go with that . i completely understand what you mean , as that is the basis of my life as well . it often ( unconsciously ) could be a coping skill with certain road ... why not reverse your thinking ? instead of thinking you're not intelligent enough , why not embrace the intelligence you have and leave it at that ? ( i know it's easier said than done ) . or perhaps ... '