' pc3000 yes , i have come across those links before . like the questions on the tests , i find that explanations of the types can be misinterpreted . depending on the explanation , i lean towards intp or ... ah , your theory seems accurate ; some decisions i prefer to be done and over with , but i end up second-guessing myself . in fact , i believe my ti is stronger than my te . is that possible for an intj ? ... thank you very much for your input . so , correct me if i'm wrong , but you mean that one could be indecisive but prefer conclusive decisions ? ah , your last comment makes sense ; i absolutely detest ... thank you for that . but what do you think about my more intp-ish traits ? i am also usually hesitant to take action and reluctant to confront problems . interesting . why does my writing appear intj-ish to you ? i also don't like sudden changes of plan , unless it's a better change of plan xp what stresses me out .. ? in the most broad sense , people ... for a while now , i believed myself to be an intj . but as an intj , i did not see myself as the stereotypical portrait of an intj ( i typed myself by breaking it down to the eight functions ) . however , i ... i'd personally go for surgery , since i like working with my hands ... and it seems like physicians need to be more compassionate , which is not my usual nature ^ _ ^ ; ; i see your point . i just had a different perspective on what pushing one's belief entitled ; i thought it was when one attempts to convert another . it doesn't feel like ' pushing ' to me if he ... i don't think he was really ' pushing ' his belief onto others . not in this instance , anyway . i also don't have sufficient info to strongly support my stance on global warming . i do have an opinion , but it is quite flexible to change on this topic . i don't actually believe that man will destroy the world by the end of the century . again , i am still pretty ignorant of the whole global warming controversy so i currently do not have a strong stand ... clarify : do you believe in the current climate change at all or do you just believe that humans did not play a significant role in climate change ? though , i agree that an actual science needs a way ... i see our current situation as one that is being artificially supported , and one that can only be temporarily supported . i currently do not plan to have children . first of all , i am not fully ... that is debatable . and nowhere near is a big exaggeration . if our population has grown so much that we change the climate of the whole earth , exterminate a huge , record number of species by one ... ender's game ! ! ! and the da vinci code series ( and other dan brown books ) , gregor the overlander ( it has a pretty low reading level , but i love the story so much xd ) , the selfish gene by richard ... war is a petty and unnecessary way of solving conflict . from one perspective , it's irrational , and if intellects ran the world , they would realize that war is not an efficient way to solve matters ... how much do you read ? not as much as i'd like ... when i used to have free time , i'd read about 300-600 pages per day . now , it's limited to reading articles online , but i do have reading ' binges ' ... this doesn't really work well in intj forums :P i don't love animals , but if i had to have one , it'd be a cat ... exactly for that reason xd oh , that link helps . i'm unkempt beauty too :] i sleep with a blanky . i'm 17 but i can see myself with it at 25 x ] * petting blanky * so soft ... haha , the irony xd i'm definitely not a girlie girl . i don't think i'm a hardcore tomboy , but i think i do lean towards that side . i understand that to some , ' atheism ' conveys hostility to religion , but that is not its actual definition . in fact , atheism is a lack of belief in religion , so i do not understand how is being an ... our basic purpose here is merely to reproduce to pass on our genes and die . but i don't really feel like doing that . * goes to bother the nearest person ... only to find that there is nobody in the ... people can also hear things unobjectively ( if that's a word ) , so that can be a bias . but i do understand that being people , we probably don't achieve it 100 % . i know i don't . that's why i won't mind ... how is being atheist , religious ? a ' theist ' is a religious person , and adding the prefix ' a - ' means a ' not religious person ' . i've also wondered why . i think that it's due to ignorance . i'm ... i actually don't really care ... whichever gives me more solitary time i've done from 5 am to 1 pm ( school nights 4 am to 6 am or all nighters ^ ^ ; ;) and 10 pm to 3 am :D i didn't know liking horror movies was an intj thing . i'd like to add that i also like blood and gore , and watching / doing dissections and autopsies ( actually , i haven't done the latter ... yet ) i ... haha that's exactly what i do . but usually when i say i ' like ' someone , it's more like admiration / resepct ; i don't think i've ever liked someone romantically . even if i did , i'd tell myself that ... on the speculations on the human brain evolution , i think that one of the more popular ones concern our need for bigger brains to make and use tools i found another that i like better : competition ... i don't know about others , but i actually don't really like those ' your face ' or ' your mom ' kind of jokes . i like puns , irony , and racist / stereotype jokes though :D ( and i use emoticons too ) i usually think of the things i need to do and outline my homework essays ( which i've procrastinated on ) . so , like others , i end up with me staring at the wall and using up the hot water a surgeon , currently , because i like blood , guts , and anomalies :D and it pays well this is interesting . i scored very strongly in i and t ( and ti as well , which was why i also identify pretty strongly with intp ) and pretty low for n and j . are you being harassed , ma'am ? this provoking appears to cause you distress . i don't see belligerence in skycloud's responses . skycloud is merely pointing out the fallacies in your posts . if you objectively reread your own posts , i think that you'll realize that you're being ... thanks monkeyfritz and skycloud 86 for posting my sentiments first so i don't need to x ] no , i'm trying to say that i would not be surprised if every other kid did that . or to be specific , and quoting you , it may be a trait of ni's , whom , i would assume , are roughly half the population , ... hm but i wonder if other types have imagined things upside down and if so , how many of them i forgot i had done that until i read this x ] but it doesn't seem like an inordinate thing to do . i would ... i suppose i usually dress tomboyish ( sweatshirts tshirts , jeans ) but i don't mind wearing dresses now and then because they're convenient to wear ( no worrying about matching tops with bottoms ) but i ... based on my experiences and observations , this appears to be true . i consider myself relatively tomboyish : i dress in dark colors and simply , i'm not interested in pursuing men , and i generally enjoy ... i actually would choose intj if it were a choice , so i'm glad you think so : happy : i originally thought it didn't fit because i procrastinate a lot . thanks for you insights , especially on the j / p ... fantastic - i have tried that , and i've found that i can always find a few things that are applicable me in one way or another in both types . i also think that that they're a bit general and might ... monkey fritz : i completely agree but , this is a personal view . i don't really mind what others think / do , though i do have my opinions on it . they should feel free to distribute their carryons ... oh , i think i know what you're getting at . what do you mean by ' low energy processes ' though ? and if i like making schedules and plans , and wish i followed through with them ( but i don't because i'm ... spectrum - yes , those are the top types i'm indecisive about . the description of intp from that site does mostly fit , but there are some discrepancies . for example , i would rather ' become master of ... actually , i was wondering if i was unbalanced somehow . i don't think i fit with the disorders mentioned in the thread though . about the other article , i took the quiz based on my personality ... thanks again ! do you have more interesting articles to recommend ? hmm ... i want to be a surgeon because it will further allow me to understand the complexities of the human body . it's also an ... leaves - thank you so much for taking the time to post those links to me ; they gave me another perspective about the mtbi . however , the links to to threads on personalitycafe led me to believe i was ... '