' hey enfps . i've posted this thread on the philosophy board too , but i am really curious to reading responses from enfps in particular . i've realized that i am quite prone to the following : ... i don't believe in any religion . i think religions are a form of control to unify a population under a common spirituality , and give room for love , compassion , and communal growth ( although , ... the reconstruction of a planet once called earth part 1 - darkness you are a transparent blob of energy floating , wandering through this planet . the only kingdom that exists now is plantae , ... or merely acceptance ? haha , fuck . got carried away and pretty much drifted away from the intended topic of discussion , wasn't interested in emphasizing philosophy on this thread , but just to focus ... do you cross the line ? perhaps for the sake of humour and freedom interlinked with a degree of honesty . you know what people ' tick ' or ' react ' too . methods and reactions ... taboo ? irrational ... i was singing i'm singing in the rain ' by gene kelly in the shower quite frequently after having watched clockwork orange . finish the game ? i basically become the game . i've had plenty of games where i've sat there literally day & night till i've completed it , at which point , i discard the game and never play it ... we find a hideous looking fish on the beach , whose jaws are clenched tight for some reason , and decide to aid it . i ’ m with two people , who help me open the fish ’ s mouth while i brush it with salt , ... by accepting that he just wants to be happy , i guess . yeah no doubt it would be hard to get close eh . : rolleyes : haha yeah , but i also feel like an ass for putting that negative spin on and doubting their sincerity , and reacting to it . that's clearly insecure behaviour , no matter if we are right or wrong . fe-ni ... enfjs are sneaky little bastards . maybe this will give you some ideas . lithium energizer batteries aa + right up the butt . seriously bound to startle you into hyperactivity .  ... if you're into that sorta thing . : rolleyes : i'd recommend keeping ' em up there , ... described by teachers through the years repeatedly as : lazy . full of potential . ( oh boy do i hear this one a-lot ) an uncut diamond . ( seriously ) : blushed : a druggy . not serious . overly focused ... i don't think she feels the same way you do , and that can make her feel insincere , and thus fake - which can make her lose her sense of self , make her feel empty . not good . either that or she's ... sometimes i feel like i can read people or situations pretty well with my intuition . although there are times where i realized that although i thought i could read a significant person , it turned out ... well there goes one friend down the drain . then i've given you legit advice , girl . if you continue to accept how it is now ( with what you've been happy with and with what has been making your heart race ) without trying to push it forward ... oh yeah , same problem . alcohol is the solution . i had this issue just a week ago . a friend of mine had people over at his for a whole bloody week . it was a strange group , but i'm friends with ... aye . i agree with that to an extent . i believe a good majority of ' em will end up being too absorbed in their own issues , or just thinking your issues are retarded ? still , i'd like to believe that ... if he's not interested , then you owe it to yourself to know that he doesn't deserve you . don't think of this in a superior way . it's really just being true to yourself . you deserve love , if he ... what do you guys think of going to a therapist in times of distress / depression ? would you deal with it yourself ? would you find it easier to open up to a therapist rather than a close friend , ... to get jiggy ? haha yeah . the brain is so un-predictable ... always puts on a show at the strangest ( usually not appropriate ) times . * sigh * i relate to you though . seems a burst of creative thought comes into ... you become horizontally taller . kidding ... kinda . anyway , i don't want to label it as ' love ' . it's just somit you feel . i'd say it's like a drug , which you just can't get enough of . a feeling of ... nah , that infection existed a long time ago , my friend . step 1 is acceptance , not denial . did i mention how serious i was ? haha didn't even think of it as a poem , but i see . it's more in context with the theory of one-consciousness . yeah , an illusion held in place by fear and ignorance . thanks man , yeah i did . ripples , waves on an ocean , the source of life , as to matter on pure abstract consciousness , the source of everything . we are manipulated into being trapped and to direct our attention to several ... i find my beliefs difficult to explain if i'm not clear headed ; because i myself can lose touch with them . i'm not clear headed atm , but anyway . i believe in an inconceivable higher power . within ... push ups . lots of push ups . it might start off to be something like this : 1 . has anyone been fully engulfed in the present moment ? the future and the past wiped clear off the mind . 2 . if so , how did it feel ? 4 . how did you achieve this feeling of presence ? 5 ... yeah , if you want to try the meditation , this will help : time will cure the pain man . listen to appropriate music , take in the emotion , feel it even if it hurts , let it out . scream ( pillow , under-water e . g . bath ) if you need too . watch comedy stand-ups ; ... humanity living as one , with love and compassion on every front . living with nature in a symbiotic relationship with technology producing a self-sustained community where air is fresh and life is ... in my heart i see no doubt , that life is love forever sung , in the air it flows with dust , inside everything made of mud out of time .. and creativity . : sad : edit : dreams are just as ' real ' as anything else . you experience it , don't you ? the same way you experience ' life ' . what if dreams are just the imagination , and the creation of ideas . those ideas get ... song i'm currently stuck on , and is giving me proper chills , especially mid way ; a surge of emotion just explodes . i really do advise you wear earphones if you haven't heard this song before .. lyrics ... why do enfps think they're close to being an infp ? fallacy . primary fi w / auxillary ne is very different from primary ne w / auxillary fi . the auxillaries aim is to support the primary , ... ha . what is civilization ? cruelty , injustice , inequality , thievery etc . overshadowed by men dressed in suits and playing with words on live tv ? retail or other industries ( food , clothing etc ) with no ... i don't see the issue of being able to watch brutal videos . i can do it quite easily without getting a feeling of utter disgust or cringing . that doesn't mean i don't care about the state of the ... yeah at first glance it is ironic . but maybe , it expresses people who love love telling the haters to fuck off ... fuck you , if you don't , err , love ... love . oh , i agree . yeah . we emit a certain vibe or energy with our wild and free ne ; so i guess the ladies sense that and are attracted and intrigued . it's funny watching most of my friends make conscious effort to ... i believe in in consciousness . the idea of universal ' love ' , a ' oneness ' , a deep connection with nature - it is self-awareness that has created subjective interpretations of physical matter and ... typical entp .. can't help but flirt . poor guy . i'm sure you can just keep it light and fun - small talk and what not , he'll eventually understand you're not into him .. yes , it will happen - my guess ... shit man , i think when you produce a mental image of yourself in your head , you directly start to think of who you are as a person subjectively , and produce an subjective mental image based on ... i'm an intp male , and have more or less been raped by an intj female . repeatedly . i quite enjoyed it . ^ probably just the boobs ... or whatever else is ' aesthetically ' pleasing . : tongue : why do you think you have potential with her ? what age span of lady are we speaking about here ? interesting question , of what i'm thinking in the present , is thought linear ? of-course not ( although it seems that is today's civilization's mentality , and you wonder why national happiness or ... '