' i was certain that peter pan was real , and slept with my window open and a note under my pillow telling him to wake me up and take me to neverland . i spent my free time learning how to shoot ... 66181 agreed that it's oversimplified . i would put myself much further down the y axis . i hate abortion--i think it's the most barbaric part of our society . but i also believe that life begins at conception . i'm fully aware that at conception a fetus is only a cell . i have no idea ... not as much as you'd think . alot of intj's on this forum seem to be artists , musicians , and writers . maybe it has something to do with the out-of-control imaginations that theoretically accompany ... lewis and clark and robinhood , of course you've pretty much summed it up . i've tried to form friendships with these girls , but either they're just not interested , or after one or two attempts at small talk we both just give up . it's sad ... good point . honestly no . i used to pretend that it didn't matter , since they were all friends , nothing more . but somehow it does . not to me , but definitely to their wives , most of whom i don't know ... oh for cute ! omg , we have to hang out ! like ... wow ! omg ... ( insertthe name of someone you haven't seen in long time , then scream ) ! oh , isn't that precious ! it's so good just to hang out ... i hate it . there are some subjects i don't mind it in ... math , music theory , history / english ( if the homework is reading ) . what i hate is busywork . worksheets . journals ( a fancy way for a ... procrastination . yes . or i did . until they all got married . now i have no friends . this is me . exactly . don't know me = cold / distant talk to me for a bit = big heart , soft heart , ect live with me for awhile = totally closed off here's a personal question : is the amount of sex you feel you need based on your actual sex drive or your need to feel close and intimate with your boyfriend ? i'm not the sex expert here , by any ... i was going to try to add something about how men are much more likely to sympathize with freedom , individualism , entrepreneurship , ect , than women , who tend to be more community oriented , but i'm a ... people accomplishing the impossible . it's cool . not me . but i read the one by machiavelli . it's way shorter . and i was just getting ready to go to bed :( here goes : as a women who has had a lot of leadership positions , i'm not against women in leadership . but there are parts of the president's job ... @ her comments on a women president : i think agree with her . ( okay axe , fall ) i was homeschooled , so i didn't catch on until my parents put me in public school in 6th grade . i couldn't believe the things my classmates didn't know . i don't think i knew what a stereotypical nerd ... achieving challenges other people only dream or talk about watching michael phelps win everything watching a faulty system come crumbling down with a few well timed words of common sense ... lightning services inc when people start using irrelevant and obscure arguments , i usually check out . this generally leaves the other person with the impression that they won the argument , which is fine but untrue . i ... another intj in love with the outdoors . my ideal vacation is miles into a wilderness area with only my backpack of survival gear . i also love discovering places that it seems no one has ever been ... i think the foundation is absolute , but the details are relative . my favorite was the demon snowflake . sickness quotient : 88 % your sickness quotient of 88 % is definitely something to worry about . her 63956 and her 63958 top 2 classes : biotechnology ( high school ) and astronomy ( college ) i ended up majoring in music . aced all my theory classes . i don't let people depress me . as a kid , i would take crap from my dad for being a know-it-all and from my mom for being stubborn and controlling . my parents weren't being abusive or mean , they were trying to make me into a ... i have conversations with myself / imaginary people who are there next to me . and the more time i spend alone , the worse it gets . i went on a solo backpacking trip last may . by day 4 , it was like ... detachment and compartmentalization . yes ! and thanks for explaining . i had a roommate once who may have been a bit like you when it came to reading people . we actually got in a fight halfway through the semester because she kept trying ... don't let technical definitions confuse you . my guess is that you can already reason , but you get in your own way ( like by applying sociology ... how do you even do that ? ! really , i'm not trying to be ... this is off the original topic , but the whole going deeper game is exactly why i hate most superficial gatherings , but found forming relationships in a wilderness environment so easy ( in case that ... my closest family member lives 6 hours away , and the furthest lives on the other side of the world , so i'm on facebook almost daily . it keeps us family . i'm okay with not talking to my parents or my ... no wonder intj's don't date other intj's . the verbal wars go over better as friends ... the first thing i ask myself ( in my head , while the critic is talking ) , is is this a real problem ? did the event actually happen ? did i actually say or do something that could be construed as ... guy intj's like to be beat by their so ? thought it was just a girl thing . interesting ... i have ridiculously good self control , especially professionally , but if i'm pushed over the edge , i walk away . if i can't walk away , the antagonist is in serious danger of having one or two brief ... i think my little brother is one , and we get along great . i can usually shake him out of whatever mental framework he's stuck himself in with a well-timed joke . he's pretty funny , too , when he isn't ... controlling and manipulative types . ron paul i wouldn't even try . i would get a couple boxes and a bag of giant garbage bags , and just start chucking it all . anything that looks like it might have some continuing legal importance can go in the ... ditto zoo ... cages ... lots of people ... nightmare ... i like help and guidance . i just want it from someone who knows what the @ # & ! they're talking about . just putting 2 and 2 together ... you could be a private music teacher . it's what i do ( to answer the op ) . and i just quit my day job . it's awesome because it means that while you're not making a ... i could quote just about everyone on this thread , but this would be my starting point . public education seems to make a big deal out of getting everyone up to average , and while doing this they at ... super insightful . i need to know a guys is at least as smart and as strong as i am before i can respect him , preferably stronger and smarter . if i can have to take care of him in a survival ... i don't think it's as extreme as you think it is , at least for some of us . i find science fascinating , and i'm a logical person , but my life doesn't revolve around facts and data . they're a means to ... '