i'm curious , why hasn't it worked ? godamit , i'll change the stupid title . i see nothing wrong with trying to get it stickied , i mean i was skeptical at first but i had to at least try ... don't have to be such an asshole about it :d ry : ' ' my brain is a bunch of grey matter that isn't really understood at all yet . ' ' i knew someone would take that literally : laughing :: rolleyes : ' ' sticky wtf ' ' and , hey im new here give me a ... anyone can have a crack at it really ... does a moderator mind stickying ( not even a word but still using it , lol ) either way i found no thread like this , sorry if their is ... have fun ! i wish i could appreciate this video more , but i get were your going with it , just wonder ... well a lot of things , can't wait / itching for some knowledge and more understanding : happy :: crazy : whaaat : shocked , seriously no contemplating o0 ? or perc ... ? o0 my parents speaking to each other ugh ... wow i rant about these a lot , in fact i was just ranting about 1 and 4 i actually even considered making a thread about it . i have a feeling that most people in this thread are misusing the term ... maaan ... thought i was the only intp that was a narcissist here : rolleyes : . - people may think im naive or an idealists but i really just say somethings that if taken simply and if ... ... ~ impossible i know lol its like a stubborn cycle i found throughout the whole thread , while i kept waiting to find something new and interesting to pop up and would become the topic of discussion , but it just ... my whole thing is i thought we were supposed to be listing stereotypes not answering weather we fit them , specifically the list of the op , or not : confused : ... i am curious of what instinctual variant you are because i think that being an sx / sp ( i would bombard you with information on it , but i don't think your used to the enneagram and i think you'd be ... ahhahahah ! thanks :) seriously why can't you delete : crazy : i meant about how people don't like to listen to the things that your interested in , i attempted to make that part of the text a bigger size , but i guess it did not go through : tongue : , : sorry . i can ... * screw this :d ry : bottom * i care about my appearance , i dress to please myself and since i can't dress to please myself i don't dress up at all . cus ' ... surely i won't dress to please other people , which is why i look like ... oh my god this is genuinely a category this describes my my classmate smithy perfectly , lol although he's white and smelly lol wow , took the words right out of my mouth on that one.now i only wonder if we had the same process ' of reaching the conclusion : rolleyes : ? i was going to go on this with this long story / explanation but i'll let you guys go for it first ... so do any of you feel like a loser :/ dude your hitting the nail with these gahsp ... i love tv tropes : shocked : thought i was the only one , don't fit a lot of intp stereotypes . i am not technology savy , not particularly into rock music , not into reading or sci-fi ( not into star something either ) , don't express ... always thought of it as more ntp rubix cube / deciphering and ntj chess / strategizing it like l and light from death note . l trying to figure out and kera planning trying to stay one step ahead of them . still can't deleate grrr : mellow : your comment was one one of many that made laugh my buut off lol , the sweatpants . what generation were you in anyway that you actually got a wedgie . p . s i do agree with your comment i rally can't help you , i'm in high school right now and i slowly see my grades depleating and me just caring less ... like its just not worth it , it sucks because im scared since i want to go to a ... thank you very much ronnie , i hope to see you around :) ' ' which actions are you talking about specifically ? ' ' holding doors , getting presents , expecting the guy to pay for the bill , treating the relationship as a competition , not knowing how to answer ... different post ... : ninja : well first welcome ! you seem interested in your post so ill et started right away i find intj's intriging also , but the types i love to study , or at least seem to have a ... its quite interesting really , me being an intp female and having been told by my parents that not taking these types of actions are deemed unattractive , ' hurts the mans pride ' , is disrespectful and ... ... one thank for your comment : cool : another for your profile picture ... im new here if i just click reply im skeptical if the person i replyed to is actually getting it ... i just wanted to rethank you all for your amazing postings , great insight thank you im really for this comment in general and i think its amazing what you did , i assume you were very emotionally closed off before ? me and my family are very different but i think thats a good thing . i ... i cant speak for enfj , but from them esfj i've experienced this seems to be a tendencie with them , although i actually dont consider it selfish , with my mother it seems she takes it to a whole new ... while were at this anyone mind telling me how to delete : confused : is it with sports in or with organized activities in general because i think most people here relate to the whole ' trying to make me more extraverted ' problem , i have also gotten the sibleling ... i want to apologize in advance .. i do not think anyone would have even responded . your replys did not show up on my notifications . i am in disbelief off your big replys thank you so much .  ... and this is my last response : frustrating : , but i don't know if this just an nt thing but i can't remember the last time i was in the present moment truly enjoying something , not thinking about ... for the like a dream and movie discriptions i mainly experience this state when in an emotionally turbulent time and putting on a fake smile and going throught the motions . sometimes when in a ... i feel like i get what your talking about wit this one , about your thoughts being more fluid , not throught drinking though , sometimes i just find myself and this state and really do not take a liking ... i feel like i get what your talking about wit this one , but for me my thoughts just run way more smoothly in this state , and i can barly interact with the real world . almost like a tired feeling and ... im an intp but my mother is my shadow type i also have an entj stepfather and i soon realised that since nt's in general are a minority temperment that were prone to get family members of very ... thank you for all your help i'll be looking forward to chatting sometime in the future :) well i was wondering if there was anything like a ' time limit ' i should follow to making my first thread , or one that's at least taken seriously . i mean i've been stalking this site for quite a ... thanks for taking the time to welcome me , greatly appreciated :)