' not many things make me sad . however , children's films can slip past my defences . for example : mars needs moms - sad ending - youtube spoiler alert if you wanted to watch the film , btw . hahaha ! nooo - i nearly died . i just remembered another one : ask . somehow it gets butchered to something like ' arcsked ' . ... ... w . t . f . learn to speak ! this could be something specific to australia , i haven't been outside the country . it's like the word ' bought ' never existed . i rage inside every time someone says i brought him a new x . don't get me started on ' bought ' and ' brought ' . fffuuu ! i think locally this is ' worst ' . :P that does not bode well for me getting together with another intj . not much good if i have to kill them . south . new town / moonah border . nooo ! i like being at the arse-end of the world . ( tas ) i have plans for an ivory tower and everything . i ask you keep your dignity . bubbly bubble-headed bimbo can go get sucked into her own whirlwind . :p roud : when you regularly finish people's sentences , and weren't wrong about what they would say . there fixed . if olivia is enfp ... then i love enfps all of a sudden . : crazy : katrinska as much as i agree with gypaetus , i personally would prefer to know . as an intj my guess is i and most intjs would think logically and assess whether it was going to work out , and if not , ... i don't appear to have any ability art-wise . however i did complete an app for the ipad that is for artists . does that count ? : wink : i don't want to break or push the bounds of the perc rules , so ... it's the new blue steel . this all sounds good to me . really ? i'd flock to that stare ... ( i don't find it intimidating at all ) ah , now it all makes sense ... totally understand were you're coming from . mental disability really gets me too , but i can also easily disconnect a sketch from the real thing . even movies i find hard to take seriously if i know ... i challenge you to punch right through your screen ! : tongue : that made my day , thank you ! i'm pretty sure it's fake though . still made me ' wet myself ' with laughter . oh no ! now i'll never post my mugshot . : unsure : i usually don't give a damn about lyrics , but my favourite album has good lyrics : fear of a blank planet - porcupine tree i miss those guys . always testing the line and most of the time crossing it . what's with all the photos of people ? the animals are far more interesting . : tongue : 11648116 49 one day you will see my ugly mug , just not today . sorry . it would be great if the rules could be more explicit like this post is . ^ righto , that wasn't clear to me . ahem , no sexual content outside of the sex & relationship forum please . : tongue : that would be great . thanks . hold up , the picture is the issue ? i thought it was the comment ? if i just go outside i'm bound to see some cleavage , and not that i necessarily agree but this is perfectly normal in western society . ok so if i read all the descriptions then . still silly isn't it ? i ask that the rules be updated to include this one . a rule out in the middle of the index is no good if you're like me and never set ... well then that's a little bit silly isn't it ? why would i go in there to find out the rule not to post that stuff out here ? edit : also having a hard time find the rules is annoying . i actually ... is it ironic childish humour is to be kept away from children ? well i haven't gone into that forum yet , so yes . don't bother asking for links , i do not have them . i've seen it in my travels , and to be honest i didn't even know the rules till today . that said , ... fair enough , but to quote myself : people do use the ' f ' word in a sexual way on perc . i have yet to see them called out on it . : shocked : what the ? the act of intercourse is less sexual than things that provide food for babies ? and i said the word ' boobies ' not an picture . bahaha how did you know ? : tongue : erm , lol ? the one ending in ' k ' . just wondering why the ' f ' word is used so easily and also when referring to sex , when ' boobies ' gets frowned upon . why is the ' f ' word allowed ? you assume i assume . : tongue : i actually wonder what you find funny , to get a different pov for the obviously different intp i see in front of me . i think he's providing all the fun at this point . : happy : what do you find funny ? intps i know would have laughed at all these pages . ( why ? ? ? why do i ask for more derailment ? ) you're breaking rule 12 ! 12 . have fun ! this is of course optional but like we stated , the goal of this forum is to educate and entertain the user lol why aren't we in the thread ? which perc rule are we discussing ? well really , i get we need to keep it clean for the kiddies . but seriously , couldn't it have just been please keep it clean , guys . and been left at that ? i wonder who started it ? oh sarcasm ! wooo ! i have beard envy . mine is pathetic in comparison . : sad : i love me too . ... i mean us . hehe '