' materialistic 30 % 54 % offbeat 60 % 48 % i have a pretty good physical pain tolerance . i've gotten tattoos and piercings without much trouble and plan on more . can't relate to low physical pain tolerance . i'm also not squeamish in the least ... i like a bit of everything , including rap and country ( except rap and country is such a cliché ) . what i find myself listening to the most these days is electronic stuff like electro funk , electro ... it used to be a lot worse than it is for me now . i worked at a retail place that involved me needing to use the phone a bunch to communicate between departments / stores as well as use the loudspeaker ... cinderella . not that i've had the tragic childhood / situation that she had and is mostly known for , but the strength and kindness with which she deals with her situation is something to which i both ... rip page 69 but now i feel like listing my faves because it seems others have too ! sci-fi / fantasy : lost avatar : the last airbender being human ( uk version ) misfits star trek ( i've only watched the next ... never not avatar ! : laughing : i was listing ones that i currently watch . my list of all-time favourite shows would be too long ! haha brooklyn nine-nine is my favourite right now . i'm also always some part of the way through friends ( i'm in season 5 right now ) . it's what i put on when i need something to watch but don't want to ...  enfp , i think . even though i'm quite introverted , if i were to suddenly change a letter in my mbti type i feel like enfp would be the least amount of change in my values , interests , and thought ... fi - rhythm . both rhythm and melody are vital of course , but it's most often the rhythm that draws me into a song , for reasons that have already been said here better than i can put into words : ... haha yeah i won't deny it probably has a lot of down-time with nothing job-related to do . i think i'd still rather sit at a desk and have nothing to do than be working fast food or something . i had a ... i might recommend an office job of some sort . your university might be hiring students as receptionists or office assistants in different offices . it's not physically demanding , and generally much ... i'm torn between yes and no . if i did , i don't think i'd want to be a main character . no one wants to be harry potter , but they want to go to hogwarts . i haven't managed to get either of them to take any mbti tests , but i strongly suspect xsfp for my dad ( leaning more towards isfp ) , and i love my mum and i get along with her well but she's kind of a ... iago from othello . my favourite shakespearean villain . it's just really almost fun seeing his thought process and how he manipulates the other characters , and it's still never quite clear whether he ... in elementary school my friends and i invented an alphabet for writing notes . it apparently worked well , because it was easy to learn and remember but not easy to read for someone not in the know ... if they're well done and actually creep me out , i definitely can appreciate them . i wouldn't necessarily put them on my list of top favourite movies , but when movies can actually freak me out , i ... i just saw that the one i posted way back when no longer works , so here's my voice again ! vocaroo | voice message friends is a classic . in general just fantastic writing , story arcs , jokes , and character development . it's one of those things where if i want to watch something but don't know what i feel like ... i have a long fuse . it's not easy for a person to make me angry . but when it does happen , i shake , my face gets red , i can feel the anger actually burning in my skin , there might be tears . i go into ... when the grocery store isn't crowded , i enjoy it . i relate with op in that i find the colours and the smells stimulating . i love going into the foreign food section and seeing things i've never tried ... cosmos : a spacetime odyssey . the sequel to cosmos with carl sagan , now with neil degrasse tyson . explore the universe and learn about the maybe not-so-well-known people who helped discover it . it's ... auditory : 60 % visual : 15 % tactile : 25 % i wasn't a huge fan of the questions / options ; i've seen better multiple intelligences tests . but my results are somewhat similar to those . i usually ... 1 : do you consider yourself a romantic ? tell me about it . yes , mostly for other people and not me though haha . i love pushing my friends to [ abba voice ] take a chance on their crushes . i'm also a ...  i remember my dreams a few times a month , and if i don't tell someone about it or write it down soon after waking , the memory is basically gone halfway through the day . i'm more likely to remember my ... i'm awful at flirting and not great at recognizing when i'm being flirted with . are they very friendly or are they flirting ? hell if i know , most of the time . which has lead to me supposedly flirting ... ( some more shameless self promotion , here's a link to my electro swing mix on spotify )  ... i love video games . i have a way-too-big collection for someone who's not actually a game collector . i . e . , please stop me from buying all these games i don't have time to play . rpgs are probably ... i love movies . i did my undergrad in film studies . i discovered several years ago how awesome going to the movies by yourself can be . i might ask a friend or family member if they want to or are able ... when i think foreign film , i think foreign language film . the list would be impossibly large if i included english-language films from foreign countries . memories of murder ( south korean ) the ... slippin back in here with some more electro swing ( also p . s . i have a large electro swing playlist on spotify if any of yous are interested , here's a link ) ... i kind of experience something similar . sometimes i'll just be watching a tv show or even the news and my mind wanders into a all these people will die one day kind of path ; i wonder how many will ... i can feel great sympathy but i'm also not great at showing it . often i will want to be caring towards people but don't know the best way to do so , especially if i don't know them very well . the way ... ways i fit : - writing comes naturally to me - i'm often very lost in my own head - i'm nostalgic - i require a crap-ton of alone time to function - i was a typical quiet / bookworm child - i ... keep in mind , learning a language as an adult is usually harder than learning one as a child . kids pick up languages easier when they're still developing their language skills . so having yours all ... never let me go by kazuo ishiguro , or charles dickens ' a christmas carol . i imagine most are familiar with the story of the latter even if they haven't read the book , but as for never let me go , ... i can understand the life for a life thought . i'm not sure i agree with it , but i can understand it . i don't think there's an easy answer to the morality of the death penalty as a concept . but what ... yellow . bright / saturated yellow and pale / pastel yellow specifically . also quite like lavender and other pastel shades . this scene from the first ( if i remember correctly ? ) season of lost , showing a part of locke's backstory where he is conned out of a kidney and then abandoned by his father ( long story ) , and it ... i'm sorry , i can't . it's polite and non-committal . if it's through text / online , you can add a frowny face or something haha . you don't need to offer a specific excuse , because then it can turn into ... read the books , saw the first two ( or three ? can't remember ) movies . i was a teenager when the books were a big thing so i got swept up in it . i liked it , then after the movies started getting ... tastes like questionable meatloaf at a potluck . what does relief taste like ? i study animation ( academia , not me learning how to animate , i can't draw for crap lol ) , so i love a lot of cartoons . as a kid my favourites were probably arthur , sailor moon , and little bear . i ... i wear make-up for a number of reasons , and sometimes i don't wear make-up . i am naturally irish-level pale and often get discolouration under my eyes . my go-to if i feel like wearing makeup is a ... i don't cancel plans unless there's really an emergency that pops up , but i can't remember that ever happening . if i have committed to doing something or being somewhere , i'll be there . i might be a ... i usually associate star gazing with summer . that's when the skies are clearest and the nights are comfortable to spend outside , where i live anyway . autumn is probably my favourite season . i love ... '