' aren't enps the greatest ? i've rarely ever meet other enps . i've had a teacher who i believe was entp and even a job couch years ago i think she was infp / enfp and she was very nice and kind and ... well i guess what i was talking about from my enfp personality is that there's something that tells me all the time to do the right thing and a lot of the time i just want to lend a helping hand or ... funny thing , i found my own high school award called above and beyond where i helped a teacher with a broken leg who was in need and i guess i came to my conclusion that i just can't blame myself if ... i love british humor myself like monty python's flying circus and spitting image . the wackier and irreverent the better . lol i used to cry a lot myself , i was very very sensitive . i still am but i was verbally abused by my father who made me cry for most of my early life . i don't think there's anything wrong with crying or ... i find this very interesting because i can totally relate though never knew this was an enfp quality . lol yes , i do hate people i don't care about and mostly can't relate to and vice versa . though i ... from my research it seems that enfps are very spontanious , free spirited fun loving people very much like entps , though wouldn't you say that enfp's special gift is having a strong caring heart and ... i'm just curious if other enfps here can relate to me . my irreverent sense of humor i just love and if one teases me on the same level , i can take a joke for the most part . but aside of humor , i ... same here . thank you very much for this great quote . in fact , i'm not sure if i even mentioned about my entp admiring on this particular thread . lol i like mythbusters too . though i have to say , the episode ... i'm just curious what do entps love doing more ? studying or debating . i've read that entps love to debate because they feel very energized kind of like a battle of wits sort of speak . is it likely ... would books be better or are you referring to more on up to date material ? the video was from 1991 but still sometimes it's age doesn't matter if the theories still work in general . though it depends ... yeah , i like searching weird stuff myself from time to time . from crazy crime stories like the killer kool aid massacre , crazy priest going crazy doing exorcisms , i even found this website on ... lol , i was just about to mention that . i do the same exact thing . i want a mac pro laptop so badly . pcs totally suck at super multi-tasking . lol we can say suck on here right ? lol i heard that if you have corporations , or something like that , you can escape paying taxes . i've learn it on this vhs tape i bought at my public library sale , it's about becoming rich . i'm a little curious because well i know that most people that i see use the internet just for facebook and that's mainly it but i don't do social networking much . i love forums and some chat rooms ... i tend to have feelings a lot like i just want to hug everyone that i like , though i wonder if it's something that enfps can totally relate too . i tend to like hugs then most people . :) i heard the upper class , wealthiest people don't need to pay taxes . so i wonder how would one go about doing that , say if my business sky rockets , what is the fine pin point where i don't need to pay ... it's amazing , this is like the kind of date that i would plan myself . i love chatting about anything , and love laughing . i make satirical remarks all the time lol and yeah , i like places that are ... i want to do entertainment stuff like movies , dvds , indie movie screenings . stuff like that and later branch out other stuff later on in media , even inventions . i want to learn more about marketing ... if an entp went on a date , what kind of places would one like to go and do on a date ? for be i can be sarcastic but i'm more of a person would say not such nice things and mockery over someone i don't like or a situation i don't like more behind their back and not so much in ones ... i'm working on starting a business , any advice on how to start one up ? how much does it usually cost of fees and such ? yeah i hear ya . i don't got much family that i spend with myself . just my mother and best friend , that's it currently . my father and his wife are verbally abusive monsters who love to wear a mask ... you know it's really interesting to read all these posts on here because i can totally relate especially making creative gifts because that's what i usually do 90 % of the time . i make my own birthday ... sorry that the crush you had for that person you liked didn't work . heartaches are the worst . have you ever tried lovetypes ? it's this mbti science book in which helps people find their perfect ... you know what i've noticed is that enfps get more excited about being creative and decorative on christmas then entps are . i wonder why that is ? perhaps christmas is more of an emotional happy sort ... i would like to try to travel myself and find something interesting . i love the high luxurious life myself . i was looking up this ski resort in germany that seemed very nice , i love the huge cabon ... lol i love it :) hmm , i'm surprised that some of the entps here aren't into the holidays . i prefer the commercialized version myself but i feel that it needs to be done right , in a luxurious sort of fashion as well ... as an enfp myself , i just would love to have a luxery christmas in an expensive cabin with friends or a romantic partner . though i was just curious what other enfp's like to do during the holidays ... just curious what kind of things do entps like to do during the holidays . entps seem to me very energetic , full of ideas and having a free spirit nothing is impossible attitude about life which i ... i've always appreciated weirdness myself . anything out of the ordinary from twisted indie animated shorts too sick and twisted for tv or serial killer documentaries or documentaries of some weird ufo ... same here , humor is everything to me , mostly humor with a mix of art like adult puppetry and animation mostly . i love satire personally and i seem to be the only person that i know that actually ... ha ha ha , i just love free spirited like minded people . i'm enfp myself but one of many things i like about entps is how they follow with their intellegence . as for me who follows their heart . but ... lol nah , just an entp admiring enfp lol :) i'm just curious about the life styles of typical entps in general . are many entps entrepreneurs ? where do you spend most of your time , what's the best way to meet new people or dates ? i'm very ... anyone ever go to big halloween parties ? or have bad movie nights ? are entps more likely to start their own party or go to one ? in other words be the entertaining host or rather me entertained ? i can ... speaking of halloween , i was watching this last night and just cracking up . lol now this is the spirit of halloween . lol scaring the ... perhaps it's the inspiration from the energy of the motivation perhaps . yeah , in general i see what you mean . if someone were to act silly , i'd join in , in a heartbeat . but it's so hard to find ... anyone know of any halloween parties for adults where adults can socialize ? i heard there's big ones in new york and las vegas . i would love to travel because where i'm at just sucks . there's nothing ... just curious because i love halloween . not so much so the trick or treating ( especially without the tricking part lol ) , but i like to make my own costumes and spoof celebrities , and watch campy ... are entps pretty comfortable in terms of asking out someone they find quality within whom they are attracted too ? i remember reading that entps think a bit in terms of quality of personality , ... he was a really cool teacher , very free spirited , loved to sing like britney spears and come up with crazy dance moves and interrupt other classrooms when doing it . i had sort of an artsy high ... i'm just curious about the answer from entps , if you were rich what would you do with your money ? what would you buy ? what kind of vacations would you like to go on ? what would be the coolest thing ... fascinating . i was once called an enfj in college probably because in terms of work i could be sort of organized , buy yet again my apartment is more then an office then a home full of nothing but ... it's the original mbti system though it analyses the personalities and helps people try to find their lovetype . it's pretty cool . also there's another book in terms of mbti relationships called just ... i do have a list of general interests of entps or most common personality science ( which is too obvious due to this forum lol ) sci-fi groups or conventions : techie groups or conventions ... just out of curiosity , what do entps usually do within their lifestyle ? knowing that they are very extroverted and social , just curious where one goes to socialize and meet new people in person since ... yeah , i can be very similar as well . from my studies i noticed that entps are very interested in science , some art but like you mentioned it varies specifically . :) i'm starting to develop new ... '