' hal , im gel . this one is of the ' blood moon ' taken with my phone at 4am , me and the mrs woke up just for this event . i forgot to turn on the plug when i put the camera on charge , i know it was a ... the music is pretty good too , if you're into it ... san holo - they just haven't seen it thylacine - closing ... back in my promiscuous days when i would be in and out of a relation with a lady as quick as reading a 300 page novel , i used this exact tactic . i usually took them to a local bar which had various ... i am sorry that stuff happened to you , hope never happens to anyone else ever . toast to that * i dated a girl for a month or two , she was shiny to look at but she thought it was ok to control what ... im sorry but merely admitting to a mistake but still carrying on with the distastfull behaviour by creating ' parody threads ' is still an infraction , be it obvious or covert . that kind of ... the top point scorers / winners of eurovision are a good indication of where the general populaces sympathies / political stances lie within europe . not only does it show who people like , it also shows ... great picture everyone 530937 im not as good as everyone one else but this is a ' shiny ' wonky picture by me . i dont understand what all the fuss is about but from all the glimpses i have gotten around the sub forum , it seems the poison being spewed about has begun to infect / derail the threads . as a ... thanks for the invite , i may take a gander . if i may cultivate further ... i do not aim with my hand ... i do not shoot with my hand ... i do not kill with my gun ... i do ' do excercise ' . as a teen i use to play football ( soccer for the misinformed ) everyday after school and get home late , to my mothers exasperation but i always listened and never heeded =D ... - watching people dodging rain from shop alcove to alcove , while i walk past with an umbrella . - drinking a perfectly made earl grey - watching the mrs concentrate on her writing , as her ear pokes ... her blade glowed with anticipation you can't be hijacking ' our ' story like that but mindbot david bowie really ? o_o you can't be hijacking ' our ' story like that but mindbot david bowie really ? o_o but he suddenly died , booom ! ! ' sure ' ' fundamentalist ' ' how are you ' ' you dont understand ' ' dank ' if im up this late ( usually am ) , i have found a new connection in something i have been contemplating about opening up new theories and possibilities to varying degrees of how the world functions , be ... this post i never directly intervened in insects lives for no reason but under the guise of science and curiosity . - i use to trap various insects in glass jars and move them into a smaller jar to see how ... i not sure if this qualifies as spontaneous but ... i get this message from my phone telling me your gf birthday in t-minus 7days - thank you last year me for the godlike foresight . i has a ... someone still may value your insight in the matter , even though the op doesnt require help anymore . to be honest , this enfp maybe is afraid of close relations as they are a serial ' heart breaker ' . i try to keep all my belonging in good working order and easily accessible but this doesnt mean completely dust free unless the dust will effect performance and how much i use / value it . for example ... i dont think this is relavent to lucid dreaming as being concious and unable to move is not dreaming . i thought lucid dreaming is being aware within a dream or in other words concious within your ... i think i am good at manipulating only because i do not want to be manipulated myself , so i am able to recognise it . its like recognizing a problem within a system and taking precautions , for it ... most likely we extinguish ourselves . sadly greed is rife at this moment in time and the people with the most are blind to there own lust for everything ( capitalism , especially resource hogging ) ... something interesting happened accompanied by shenanigans i usually get lucid dreams on weekends when i sleep in and / or take a nap during the week ( bloody work ) . only really happening right before i wake up , during the dream i find myself in a situation ... dear intp , so we meet again ... you should of just spoken your mind or even taken action , thats what the feels was telling you but nooo , that boring guy ' logic ' had him set straight in ... nonjudgmental ( harmless ) enough for most people , allowing them to open up to us fairly easily as long they have dont lie which we see right through . i can feel like a walking confessions booth i agree with you that we do miss certain sides , maybe situations in which require a certain lvl of empathy but as the the disclaimers suggested this could be individualised to the specific persons ... madness is not statisical - everyone in the world could be crazy and you the only sane person left , does that make you the crazy one becuase you differ from the rest ? i think conforming to the ... - the higher you climb , the more you see the truth that you know nothing at all . - never accept someone elses definition of ' life ' make your own . - read . - ignore the blinders of which society ... i love eating ! ! tasting the food savouring the taste in my mouth as i pick out each flavour and try to figure out how it was cooked and what ingredients were used , if i didnt cook it myself ofc ... i got infp ... so pretty close to my current so who is an enfp , i find she has forced me to grow by having to deal with her hundereds of friends and all the ' feels ' that comes as a package . when i have conversation with my ' n ' friends i can use vague explenations or descriptions to quickly pass over the foam of the conversation and get to the cake of my point . if you get my drift ... we may be blurring the lines of what is electronic but as akiyama said genre's are defined by individual ( paraphrase ) and i also find soundcloud an amazing place to discover new music . i like ... can we not do it here ? omw singing , hope there is a loud mouth and just mime but if you can sing let that do the talking for you . during the eating process sit in a strategic position - not too close to the chatty ... it will have to be a place with seasons first of all , as i doing like see time pass i find its a good indicator for time possibly canada or a scandinavian country but i havent been too ' all ' places ... i don't drink alot of coffee but when i do ... * look at selection , check prices and hope i dont get the super pretty barista while in line . me : hello * force eye contact and smile , ... things i love / like : moments eg . strokes of pure insight or just holding the umbrella as my so grabs the keys from my pocket ... games any sort really be it sports , computer , board , or even ... i think the lack of resources will eventually force our intp hands to take over and fix everything or atleast advice a entp to do it for us ... like squeasing a lemon pip with your thumb and index ... i actually thought this too ^ ^ . advanced chat ai have come far enough and have vast amounts of responses that each chat can be indistinguishable from humans epsecially outsourced service industry who ... me : . comparing the specs to the steam machines £ 579 vs £ 699 me : hello agent ( mujahid_ali ): welcome to dell sales chat , this is ali , your online chat sales advisor , hope you are ... book smarts - is the inferior , you maybe able to read about and memorize a situation but this does not mean you can act upon the given situation . every situation has not been written down and every ... i picked red and i prefer dark colours . but red is not accurate enough , i like maroon . there are some pretty long posts on here ... but poeple die and poeple live . does it matter where in the world a terrorist attacks ? one mans terrorists is another mans freedom fighter , as they say ... - i feel sad when nobody hears what i have to say , then someone else says what i just said and is heard . - breaks my heart when the mrs says to me you dont understand . - i want to save the ... try photography , it combines walking and observing . there is alot to learn with post editing , so you can spend hours just fine tuning your image . if you are not into software like me , the hardware ... 1 . what are your house's colours ? most likely maroon , as its intense and deep like us intp . i think thats representative 2 . what is the animal symbol ? i would say the owl , as it represents ... '