' so , went to someone's house and we started driving back home ... this is how one of my conversations with my husband went . we were talking about apparating as in harry potter because we're soon ... what if i like the idea of a cabin on wheels filled with books ? : tongue : hmm , well sort-of recently , i've become vegan . i was scared of plunging in previously because of what others might think of me or if i'd find it too difficult . but really , it's been fine for most ... yes , been properly into anime since a teenager , but watched a few things when i was a child , like pokemon , sailor moon , cardcaptor sakura , ghibli movies and so on . i've watched too many to list ... i'm not sure who i am . i am freaking out about lots of things right now , feeling overwhelmed by small things . when you have depression , something tiny like brushing your teeth become a daily chore ... words can't even describe what i'm feeling right now about the uk leaving the eu . i can only attempt but right now i am in shock . i feel jaded , cynical , disappointed , frustrated , sad , scared , ... tbh , i'm not 100 % sure of what you're asking . i'll try to respond in a general sense . i don't deal all that well with my feelings . i wish i was a thinker type . i tend to bottle up a lot , can't ... i was baptised but raised non-religious . when i was little , there was still some religious stuff in school , but i always had moral teachings instead , the secular version ( my mom never ticked the ... sorry , seems all i do is vent here ... i'm constantly counselling my parents , they often tell me of their problems and so on . it's quite taxing , especially when i try to help , they don't take it ... anxious , scared , upset and not sure about how to handle a situation . well it helps at least clear up the buddhist concept . but i still am unsure who i am . i know i am always changing , i am not the same as i was when i was 16 , 10 years ago . heck i am different from ... ( vent ) frak , well , this is one of those days . i often feel like i have an existential crisis , not knowing who i am . does this happen to other infp or is your identity one of those really sure ... well , i spoke two languages at home , but i learned my third one ( english ) by surrounding myself in it . tv shows , video games , and so on . learned basic english at school , read it , looked up words in ... an interest in fashion ? well , i ignore trends since i just like whatever catches my eye , no matter if it's in or out . i find it wasteful and ridiculous to follow seasonal trends , but that's ... i feel the same at times , i was bullied too and my self-esteem isn't great . i don't have a job , no diploma and no real achievements . i'm a housewife and don't particularly enjoy it nor am i good at ... would you say it's wrong to notice a trend however ? i've had conflicts with said people before i knew of mbti . though perhaps they are a bit on the unhealthy side of the spectrum ( and so am i to be ... well , it's a case-by-case basis , but i have noticed a trend . i don't tend to get along very well with sfjs ( not confirmed but my guess ) , which is most of my family ( and some of my husband's ) . we ... been listening to muse for the past few hours , and then this came up : pulled my heartstrings like crazy . well , i just did it and honestly , i think it went horribly wrong and i'm not being hermione-like ( worries about grades when everyone knows she'll have perfect scores in everything ) . they asked all ... tense , i have a phone interview later for a job . thing is , it's for a job that is speaking on the phone quite a bit ( but not always ) . i am nervous about that but at the same time , there's maybe an ... auxiliary ne / tertiary si you are mentally very creative . imagine you can create this whole inner world inside of your head and interact with everything physically , as if it was real , like a dream ... i think shaming in general is horrible , whatever size someone is . why can't we just focus on health instead ? and personally , i've experienced both ends of the stick . i was chubbier and taller when ... thank you guys , i really hope i don't come across as dismissive , i just want to explore all the angles to be more sure if it's accurate . a few replies : when it came to the amusement ... thank you , it's not that it isn't helpful , but i have read a lot about cognitive functions . i just can't seem to know what i use at all . i just put a lot of time into my replies , i took time ... i just vented in the isfp forum , i don't even know if anyone's going to reply . * tumbleweed * i'm thinking of abandoning mbti , it seems to cause too much confusion and anxiety for me . i don't even know why i am so adamant in finding my type . perhaps i was hoping it would unlock something in ... similarly , i've got dresses , tights , leggings and knits . i've decided to make my wardrobe minimalistic because i'm lazy and can't be bothered to follow fashion or have flashy clothes . it works with ... i wonder how i come across as online , since i know some people proposed i might be isfp . i asked my husband ( probably an intj ) , who btw isn't into mbti like i am , gave him descriptions including of ... i have a difficult relationship with my father , so i talked to him on the phone , was getting anxious and then he said something that made me upset ( he was talking about regrets he had , missing time ... i've thought that for years and my mind is still not calm about it . for all we care , money could be bottle caps . there's no real value . and there's this strange assignment of value to things . let's ... okay , not a serious complaint , but i want to get some new clothes , reduce my wardrobe , be minimalistic and lazy . solution : around 7 dresses + knits = effortless dressing up : ... i've been looking into ways of introducing some more minimalism into my life and to build a wardrobe of clothing that would make it easy for me to dress up . i'm terrible at putting outfits together ... i have been called immature both rightfully and in a wrongfully . one instance was when i was moving to the uk . people called me naive , too immature , that it wouldn't work out between me and my ... i confess i found this very funny : if i was american , i'd vote for the bern ! sorry , i just love all of those slogans people came up with . hilary seems to me to just be another one of those . another one that is in the pockets of ... your scores : auditory : 25 % visual : 65 % tactile : 10 % definitely visual , no question about it , i knew before my score ( 65 % ) . i love watching videos , have mental images , doodle things to ... i'm heavier than i'd like to be but not considered overweight , according to bmi . the only reason i can avoid it is because i have a plant-based diet . even then , i'm prone to emotional eating and ... my husband is the same , though he's not an infp . people are always surprised about his age ( 30 ) , even with stubble . if he shaves then he looks way too young ! people always think he's an early ... what is your relation to traveling ? do you like to travel ? or dislike ? i absolutely love travelling and it's one of my reasons to live even though i haven't been to many places . i like to gain new ... i'm an i ? fp , and i've taken a test with more questions than this one but my results end up looking more or less the same . also i've added some more explanations to them in colour . extroversion : ... i ? fp , i won't vote in the poll ... but here goes : chronic , long-term low-level depression : yes , have been like this for over 10 years . i think i started having issues in childhood and then in my ... oh such a conundrum ! i see all options as viable for different reasons . - i looove my family so dearly , it's hard to get over my subjective feelings . - population would be slashed , maybe helping ... love your list and i especially agree with your number 1 . i really want to go to iceland someday in the near future , i feel like i will enjoy it a lot . i don't really have a list , i just think a ... i haven't looked into enneagram in depth , so i can't say if it's 100 % accurate , but going by my test results i think i had 4 with 5 . it sounded like it fitted so i didn't question it . i am a cat . seriously though , i love cats . i've always had great bonds with them . they are cuddly , cute , funny , have very distinct personalities , likes / dislikes , will follow you and ask for ... i'd argue that people are eating way too much protein and it's a lot easier to find than most imagine . it's even in peas and broccoli ! so i wouldn't say it's a massive issue . however , you're not ... depends on what you consider healthy . i mean , some vegans would argue against eating fish . oh and cows won't overtake the world ... at least if we're talking about a plausible scenario of people ... feeling stuck , deprived , purposeless , anxious and aimless . i'm over my mid-twenties and i still haven't sorted my life out . i mean , ok , it could be worse , i'm glad i'm married and i have a feeling i'll be with him for the rest of my life ... but when i look ... well , my husband is probably an intj with well developed fi . i adore him . i think he has a very cute squishy centre beneath the shell . he's of course very talented , clever , confident and is able to ... '