' presumably their more developed brain would be much better equipped to deal with it , with less potential for catastrophic consequences .. .. the un special rapporteur on torture and other un bodies have stated that the solitary confinement ( physical and social isolation of 22 – 24 hours per day for 1 day or more ) of young people under ... quote by robert a . heinlein : stranger in a strange land :) pretty straight forward process involving power tools usage .. but beware ... double post opposite sides of the spectrum . enormous responsibility ( people lives ) , decisions based on limited evidence / knowledge of all the facts and on man made laws ( flawed and biased ) . public life ... .. all right , i'm coming out . any man i see out there , i'm gonna shoot him . any sumbitch takes a shot at me , i'm not only gonna kill him , but i'm gonna kill his wife , all his friends , and burn his ... there is no question stated . first big assumption is the random numbers to be randomly selected are natural numbers ( no pi , e , 7.12334 , sqrt ( 12 ) allowed even tho they are all ( real ) numbers ... their balls too the fuck you level is as far as most intps would push it so your base master human template starts something like this cool / nice until proven other wise ( mechanically cool , nice are labels ) .. other people's master template might start with all ... there is always a stop point ( all templates are inaccurate representations .. some more inaccurate than others ) . how accurate do you need this or that template to be ? how much extra effort will ... i think our brains categorize based on a set of templates .. not all templates need to carry negative connotations , every individual you know belongs to a couple of templates - the individuals you ... pandora's aliens . what could possibly go wrong ? helped me worry less that i might be defective in unique ways ... aparently plenty of other people with similar defects out there .. there is comfort in similarity why ? since there is no field i would consider myself expert on - my answer to your question would be a painful everything . inline skating ( city commuting to and fro work ) not sure afraid is the best word .. mostly about following path of least resistance / effort , avoiding needless complications .. ( short term ) it does tend to close / disable some ( a lot of ) ... i don't use my phone much either ( no news is good news service man mantra ) but you got to leave options open and also think on how it might affect others .. mobile ( / satellite ) phones are very ... buy yourselves some coins people .. flip them from time to time .. live by the coin if you want to be free from predeterminism .. or get a hardware random number generator .. expressing emotions reveals too much information about our inner workings - information that can exploited by untrusted parties ( whatever you say / express can and will be used against you kind of ... data entry would bore me to tears ( feel like a pointless waste of time ) ... i would not recommend it .. at least with customer service you get some variation ( in customers ) .. inline skating for fitness and practical purposes ( commuting to work ) - helps avoid public transport crowds and does a semi-decent job at bringing me back in shape .. ( brought my first pair of ...  # t = 36 both sports you mentioned are social - no alone time that a solitary session of biking / inline skating can provide . think is natural ( wired in ) all ( most ) parents worry about their children on ... get your hands on a bike or a pair of fitness inline skates .. this way you'll have the ability to take your alone time outside ( can still listen to music smartphone / mp3 player / ipod / whatever ) . your ... i can notice the lack of respect - i could only speculate on the possible causes - different values systems - lead to measuring people using different measuring systems :) .. living alone at 34 , ... don't get a lot of respect from a lot of people .. bike is the obvious ( faster ) alternative but for me there are a few drawbacks ( cannot carry it in a backpack , less of a workout on city traveling speeds , would be pretty tiring ( in a non fun way ) ... i used to be quite active as a kid but for the last 10 years turned into a bit of a couch potato ( 34 years old - working it job mostly desk tied ) ... lost access to hometown river for swimming ( moved ... typical intp didn't do a lot until i recently started inline skating ( try to skate trough the city at least 2 hours every day ) both .. dexter might grab you faster but there is also value in the wire if you stick with it for a while ( might take a few episodes to grip ) ... ot - after all the dallas buyers club rave i ... you could do that 8 hours a day in a cubicle too :)  gaming / inline skating ( 11-04- 2009 ) perc is a big place , took some of you guys a while to get to some of the good stuff :) feed this to ... what makes you guys so sure cats like boxes ? maybe they hate'em but for some reason just cannot help themselves ? do you perhaps think moths like flames ?  take a peek on those ( urban roller skating ) short videos and tell me if the ability to zoom around the city trough pedestrian traffic appeals to you ? ( not the tricks / jumps / slalom - just the simple ... yes ( serious and brief ) i rarely have a problem with how i dress . other people however .. i'll just keep surveying the meeting place from some distance until i make sure it is safe to approach the group .. or at least figure out what they're up to .. '