right now i have to pee but i won't go release my flow ' til i complete , for all to see this half-assed piece of poetry yeah , i went through a pretty heavy phase of ' doubting your core beliefs ' when the autumn of 2013 kicked in , and also to a lesser extent around the same time in 2012 . it mostly involved stuff like ... yearning to have meaningful relations with interesting people , but never really finding any in the highschool senior year situation i'm currently in ( + being two years older than my peers ... ) . yes , i love music in english . ;P ' i am instinctively drawn towards your fenotype . ' i think there is a difference in how we define art . to me , art is not something that nears perfection , but something that invokes a certain state of mind . any state of mind . this may sound ... of course . everything needs an opeth . :p no opeth ? : o nf's , i am dissapoint . well , lately i have been exploring a growing fascination with certain types of men . especially the concept of androgyny has captured my interest . ' unusual ' is something that has always caught my ... delivering mail rain not going prom other people , i think i forgive them way too easily . myself , that's another story ... i know right ? i got diagnosed with asperger a couple of years back , just because i found it hard to connect to peers . otherwise i do not match the profile whatsoever . ( i do have empathy , social ... this handsome feller . oooo , an opportunity to test my freshly molded spear of inter-dimensional glumean . * thrusts spear into the heavens , opening a rift to the lands of darya and beyond * whoops , i accidentally time ... my best friend for six years is an entp . we must have the weirdest friendship ever ... we're so different , and still there's so much we have in common ( humor mostly ) . we can be very distant from ... i absolutely love all kinds weather . and yeah , i feel especially strong about rain , fog , thunder and snow . very sunny days tend to feel suffocating to me . i can really appreciate sunny or vivid ... on being a social misfit , on the ixtx side of the ' social misfit ' spectrum . i saw it once , it's good . vigor charcoal grove pervadence intertwine breath surge sustain / sustenance respite source progressive ( death ) metal . doom metal . folk metal . prog rock . psychedelic rock . i'm so obscure . this ... i ... you guys are fascinating . 0_0 1 . animated stardust . 2 . nowhere , i've always been . * reads back into topic * oh hello , fellow space dust . :P hm , there'd be no-one left to man all those nuclear power plants . simply by living my life as harmonious as possible , taking on opportunities for world-improvement as they come . i'm all for ' if you change yourself , the world changes with you ' , and i think you ... this . please . dear esther . a 45 minute linear hike across a deserted island , that depicts the psyche of the game's grief-stricken protagonist . short , but visually beautiful and highly immersive . recommended if you ... no , no headaches . i meant little spasms in my limbs , fingers , neck etc . i usually sleep fine at night , and it's a recent problem ( ever since i quit the tulpa thing ) . as i said , the main problem is ... i would unite the workers , kill the tsaar and form a communist state . magic . ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) in it's most primeval form , i think friendship is just a mutual sensation of affectionate exchange between you and something that's also experiencing individual existence . ... i understand that there has to be a harmonious acceptance on my behalf in order to reabsorb / unwind this energy blockage ( wether it's really a creation of my mind , or just an intense fear of fear ) . i ... tomi joutsen is a jellyfish .  lately i've been getting really terrified for short intervals of time by the idea that there may be forces at work in my head that are beyond my control ... it has to do with some kind of imaginary ... in my case i think it's some form of vulnerability , among other things . some people try to pick on me for it , because they feel there's something weird about me . others feel the need to ' protect me ' ... weeell ... when i'm in a group , i notice it helps to play a board game or something similair . if there's a tabletop game to focus on the pressure of ' having to talk ' is not so strong . and hence it ... david lynch . alan watts . i'm also getting increasingly interested in carl jung , though i haven't read much about his person yet . if infp's make up the internet , why isn't it a bit more friendlier a place ? : s i think many infp's are just more open to the idea that there may be something greater than ourselves , but may be less prone to follow organized religion because we rather think / feel about these ... rain . morning . pine woods . the seasons ( especially spring and autumn ) . i recently forced a mbti test down my best friend's throat and found out he's an entp . all i can say is wow . he would feel very much at home among you guys . : shocked : it's very strange ... we're ... having lots and lots of homework to do . daydreaming ... sorry , there aren't any subjects i really like . i do like the languages sometimes , when we're discussing poetry or literature . let me sing to you the song of my people . i'm decent at math , as long as i can just apply the theory i understand , and don't have to come up with new methods to crack those hardcore ninja problems which mostly make up the tests i get . so ... on schooldays i usually sleep 5-6 hours . i need 8-10 hours to feel fit , though . * yawn * should get some sleepy nao . making playlists is a lot of fun . ^ ^ i'm always maintaining a playlist to describe myself with . recently i've finally managed to make something i'm content with ; 1 . isara ( eluveitie ) 2 . the ... hail poni !