' yes , kind of . i still think about him everyday , it doesn't hurt anymore but it's slowly but surely getting on my nerves :d ry : . there is no future for us , i'm in a nice place right now but i can't ... i'm just protective of people that mean something to me or if they trigger some emotion in me , somebody i don't know but something unfair happens to them , for example . they have to make me feel ... depends . sometimes i do feel old , like i've been here forever and time is running , what meaningful things have i done in the last 19 years ? how much more can i accomplish in the time ahead of me , ... , i'm going to answer some if the easier questions , i really have a fever so i can't really think straight . buut i remember this scene from big fish where the guy get's killed by a bear ... sargemaximus , so your passion are movies ? do you plan on doing something in that direction for your job ? i like hilary swank too , i saw her movie p . s i love you and normally i don't really like ... roadlesstravelled , do you have an idea where you want to go in life ? what interests you ? i have so so many interests and things that are close to my heart , that i have a hard time deciding what would ... you know , to be honest , i have no idea right now i'll have to think about that . that's sad . the only thing i can think of right now is the kings speech , that movie didn't blow me away but it was ... sargemaximus yes it truly is , but it's so rare to find nowadays . i can't remember the last time i was blown away by a movie , the animations get better and more impressive every year but the ... a also saw oz the great and powerful with mila kunis , michelle williams and james franco , it was disappointing . from watching the trailer i thought it would have a dark vibe to it but that wasn't ... at home , around dogs , around cats , in the library , in the candy store , mcdonalds , in the movie theatre , on roller coasters ... fun places : tongue : i looove cheese , but i haven't found a lot of good ones here in the us , the cheese in europe tastes completely diffetent to me . i'm sick , my throat hurts , tv is boring and i have nooothing to do : bored : i hate hate hate being sick ! what exactly do you mean by you don't feel like the infjs on here ? in what ways do you feel different , that would be interesting to know :p roud : i mean , i for example don't feel like i can see ... i hear that often that when people are done with college , it gets really hard to meet new people and stay in contact with the old ones , because everybody is busy working . when you are done with your ... i had those thoughts too , in not so good moments those thoughts tend to come back but you have to realise that , that is not the truth ! it's just a matter of time until you meet the right person , ... . thank you so much for taking the time to share your thoughts on this with me ! you are right , it hurts really bad to hear all of this , probably because it's the truth and i don't want to admit it to ... no that was before i send him the picture , but i guess yoy are right : sad : i don't really know where to begin ... we know each other for 2 - 2 1/2 years , lived together for one year in a place where teenagers can go if it's not possible for them to live at home anymore due ... zadriela , i can understand a lot of your thoughts , i went through some similar situations . you shouldn't regret opening up about your feelings for him , even though i thought the same way when i ... zadriela , for how long haven't you guy talked ? isn't there some way to get back in contact with him ? it depends , i try not to expect anything from people so you can't be dissapointed , but that isn't always working out ... what is annoying is that i daydream a lot and imagine how things could turn ... so i was lurking in the infp forum and found a thread about this topic and thought it would be awesome to have one here too . i hope i'm not getting in trouble for copying : tongue : , i just found there ... stewie from family guy , love that kid : kitteh : way of the sword , thank you for your post , that was really helpful ! i asked him why he did it , he said he was immature , wasn't ready to be serious and wanted to end contact with me . he thought it ... female infj , yes i still like him , i would even say that i'm still in love with him . i opened up to him about / with something , did something that i never wanted to do and he messed up about it , big ... so what are you able to forgive and then move on ? what would you never forgive ? i'm in a situation where i really want to forgive a person but i'm not sure if it's the right thing to do , because i ... how do you feel you differ from other types in sexual terms - and do you have any anxiety about intimacy with new partners ? i don't know if i am any different compared to other types but i'm ... this ! you want to be happy but it ’ s more complicated than that you are both attracted by and suspicious of happiness – the concept of it provokes conflicting feelings . like everyone else , you allow ... i would love to find a guy that would be comfortable to cry in front of me . i'm sorrounded by boys and men that always play the nothing can stop me / hurt me role and i think seeing a guy crying in ... i need to talk to somebody and just my cat is home . i thought about that too , the sports bra thing , because i hate running with a sweaty shirt on but i'm afraid ... do people give you weird looks or shout inappropriate things ? i wish i had the courage ! synched , i just love the sound and how everything looks so gloomy . i would take rain over the sun every day to be honest . just weird like that . wow thats a hard one ! i guess twice my weight , then ... raiiin ! i love rain ! would you rather drink a shot of onion juice or eat two cooked snails ? i would rather live without having to drink , food is just too good . would you rather want to live in a world where it's constantly summer or winter ? anannya 24 i think your right . i want to do and start soo many things and then i start something and after a while i get bored . i get bored so fast with things sometimes . then there is another topic ... i can identify myself with that too ! i can spend hours and hours looking at outfits on pinterest or instagram , or looking at makeup looks on youtube . in the end i save up so many pictures of stuff ... wow , i never fully realized this but that's exactly how i am or was in the past . not that i'm proud of it but i walked away from a lot of people . nothing really bad happened with those people , like a ... i've never been on a date and how the majority seems to see it , it might be the way to go . the whole official date thing always made me feel nervous and uncomfortable in my mind , so i think i will ... i'm bored right now , i'm watching youtube videos that are quite funny but it's still boring . i could watch tv but i think i would still be bored , even when it's fairly interesting . i don't know ... i'm bored right now , soo bored right now . i want gummy candy ! i'm also reading quiet , rather slow because some parts are pretty boring to me , but i also really like how she explains the difference between being ex - or introverted ! ! why do you want to do that ? i'm asking because i also take anti depressants ( is there a difference ? ) , and everybody keeps telling me that i will have to take them forever , because with depression ... how is it , do you like it there ? then just let us all wait together , but the fact that we are sitting in front of a computer right now is not making it easier for us i guess : kitteh : i want a cheeseburger . it's christmas eve and i want a burger instead of a huge festive meal . i love you mcdonalds : blushed : i'm a book : tongue : carolqdo we all have to believe in something : tongue : i think it would be just wonderful to love and be loved in return once , i crave that experience . what do you want to do in 2013 ? do you have set plans that you want to accomplish or things that you really want to do ? i guess i'll start : tongue : my wishes for 2013 : - get accepted to a ... '