' my guess for the mixed signals when in mixed company is that person a dated someone else in the group previously . that's what i would do . try not to make the ex too jealous or even let them know ... tangent : linkzelda i find it interesting that in at least two subsequent posts , you mention the limitations of human language several times . maybe somewhat ironically , i discovered this only ... not going to read 60 + pages of responses so pardon me for any redundancy . i've never had my iq tested but i've always wanted to . i don't think i'm significantly smarter than anyone else . in fact ... not really , no . i have tried to be romantic in the past because i thought that's what you're supposed to do . but my intj husband wasn't really receptive to my efforts anyway , so i gave up . you ... superior . ahh ... such a good point . people have all but lost their conversational skills , but are terrified of silent moments , so they flood their ... oo ... me too . all that happens is that my filter gets reduced and i become exponentially more blunt and insulting which is why i don't drink in social situations unless i know the people i'm with really well ( or , ... i was clueless and dateless in high school . i was a late bloomer and was absolutely puzzled when college began and i started getting attention from guys . it went from zero to 50 fast and i really ... i hear that too big time . that's part of why i shied away from the group the first time . i envisioned the obligation that might come with it too . but i haven't experienced too much of that yet . ... i couldn't have said it better than geonerd . i like that you tied it together with not being competitive because i'm not either and i definitely see the connection . if there's something i want , i ... i'm typically surprised when people like me , lol . i am really terrible at small-talk , etiquette , being thoughtful , etc ( because i either find them tedious , exhausting , or not genuine ) . so i am ... they are low-maintenance emotionally - not dramatic really . i have a really low tolerance for that so intj is refreshing for that reason . on the flip side , they can be so surly that if you can't ... if he gets drunk and tells you he is in love with you , then i'm telling you right now , that you have the upper hand . don't apologize . feel free to tell him he's being an ass , because he is . let ... super interested to know which land you've colonized and on behalf of which country . yikes . the tone of this thread changed very quickly . ok let's do this . an historic ... : exterminate : the one phrase that manages to be both deliberately pretentious and grammatically incorrect . an hour an herb a history book a hat that's some good stuff right there , geonerd . i might actually take some of that advice ! : tongue : xsfj folks are tough for me , and i have tons of them in my life by happenstance : dad , mil , neighbor i'm actually close to somehow ... but if everyone is mature , it's not a big deal . they are just ... i feel lonely most of the time . and that's part of why my marriage is in jeopardy . i've started to wonder if it isn't better to be lonely because i'm alone rather than lonely and married . and i'm ... it's supposed to be fun . my husband is an intj and i can tell you where the problems come in . all of my best female friends are introverted feelers . i need close relationships with these types because i am emotionally ... this tangentially relates to something i've been thinking about . things with my husband and i aren't so great . consequently , i've considered what i would do ( relationship-wise ) if we were to ... mona-lisa and jean-ralfeo were just so great . so over-the-top . i always think , as an entp , that we have more subtlety , but we really don't . i get a little nihilistic too at times . and i think we all get a little better at compensating for our shortcomings the older we get . salude ! you're overthinking it . it's possible that you straddle the line between sensor and intuitive . i similarly straddle the line between judger and perceiver . but it's a more often than not ... first off , do you consider the intp as a good colleague to have around ? i'm not sure , as a colleague , they would not be as helpful to me as other types for the simple fact that they are incredibly ... as a spectator , they are interesting ( of course as our polar opposites ) . but i know one isfj and i can't handle her for very long at all . i find her intriguing as a person because she's so ... question ( particularly for the fellas ): entps . what do you think ? as an entp , i often find myself envious of what you're feeling . i detach easily and i struggle to empathize . in away it makes life logistically easier , but i know i'm missing out on something ... i adore ducky . i suspect he might be a feeler though ? he seems to react emotionally more than logically much of the time . i agree that starlord is probably estp . i'm unsympathetic and / or not thoughtful at times when i really wish i was inclined the other way . i'm a bit messed up emotionally in that i have a hard time identifying mine sometimes or ... i really straddle the line between judger and perceiver . but ultimately ( more often that not ) , i tend to err on the p side . i didn't really test though until after i became a parent which , for ... isn't cigarette smoking still really prevalent in europe ? to me that trashes your body pretty badly and it's just trashy in general . and what's the legal drinking age in your country ? i'll admit ... the most simply i can state it is like this : i am not an emotional person . but i am a hugely sentimental person . i'm not quick to emotional reactions at all . not anger , sadness , excitement . ... feeler vs thinker was probably the easiest one to decide for me . i've always known i wasn't a feeler and it was always most apparent when i was among other women . i always felt that i was supposed ... not openly . i'm very personable ( i think ) . but sometimes people don't understand the things i do and assume i'm a bitch . i haven't seen the new season yet , but i loved the original show . log lady for-evah . entp ba : international politics with a focus on russia ma : political science with a focus on international relations i like it very much , but gainful employment isn't easy to find with a ... it's the difference between sounding professional and sounding like a spaz , but good luck ! i'm not saying personality doesn't matter . i'm saying try not to just write i'm enthusiastic . about what ? everything ? instead say , i'm enthusiastic about ... or in my last project i rallied ... holy crap , that is a good idea . i can't believe i've never heard that or thought of it myself . perc ... life skillz . fwiw , i think it's ok to use personality words in your cover letter , but not ... really interesting that you distinguished between men and women . entps possess typically masculine personality traits so for a woman like me , it gets weird sometimes . for me it's the reverse . ... i'm not sure but i'd really like to know . i often feel either universally adored or universally repugnant . i have a friend with whom i share many mutual friends . when it's just she and i , she ... we have confidence , but we're pretty mellow so it doesn't usually come of as super arrogant or cocky . most entps are smart-asses . i am completely aware that it's not everyone's cup of tea , but to ... minimalists are so full of it . everyone loves money . : gentleman : i find your attitude more interesting than the actual content of your post . gifted whatever that means ... rule follower , ew ... teenagers , groan ... you have a really negative and dismissive ... i'm afraid not . there is an inverse relationship between my blood alcohol level and my level of existential dread . but maybe it's just me ; good luck . money and flattery . in that order . if i'm feeling ___ i like to read ___ . a . cerebral , dystopian fiction b . lazy / lonely , romance novels c . mentally atrophied , history or classic literature d . trollish , personality cafe '