oh god i saw this post reappear and my typing was way off . strange was probably a high se user , not an intp . :p stand by the ancient one being an infj at this stage i think . 1 ) these are links of two different photographs . what is your interpretation of each image ? what comes to mind when you view the photographs ? which one do you prefer and why ? first one : obviously ... sicksadworlds how would you type her husband ? it seems like an enfp x ixtj couple to me . :) jasmine : esfp probably ? ariel : enfp belle : isfj , and recently infp in new movie . anna : esfp elsa : istj meg : istp aurora : ixfp , can't decide whether ne or se ... tiana : estj cinderella : isfj ... still pretty undecided , but i'm starting to think emma might be an extravert - either that or she is very well adapted by now to her lifestyle and can portray herself as more present and directing ... didn't want to put this in the existing batb thread because it might get confusing . what do you think the actors types are ? emma watson : i think there are already a few threads about her on ... i see your argument and raise you this ; 661570 was this directed towards me or the op ? it sounded like you were quoting me but if so you've misunderstood what i said . esfp wasn't my first option , i was responding to the general consensus of the ... not very familiar with this guy despite liking the national . hmm , it's interesting that he seems almost uncomfortable expressing himself through conversation . i think you could argue that he ... belle : infp . can't really see her as an ixfj in the film . beast : honestly don't know for certain , seem introverted - but he was in a castle of isolation . so , you know . maybe not . he didn't interact ... thought this video was pretty interesting - could be useful . :) i used to think entp after seeing the video for i mean it , but after checking out interviews i would say estp is more likely . to me , me myself and i sounds more like an estp in a reclusive slump ... heymoon definitely infp for dodie . :) i've always considered milo to be an entp , i think a good comparison for an enfp would be russell brand . i'd love to hear them debate . esfx seems to fit the best from what i can gather . entp ? typethisperson lilliess mia would be xsfj i believe , and i see seb as isfp at this stage . angelcat sebastian did idealise jazz , or to him it was more-so idolisation . but , he did not wish to expand upon old ideas , he rejected that concept of changing something important to him entirely ... hmm , i just watched the second one . could sonny be enfj ? he seems to be in the fe-se loop . considered intp ? infj's and intp's look similar and mistype more often than you'd think . having inferior fe potentially sounds like what you have described here , however , auxiliary fe in infj's ... rexmaximus what about esfp for # 3 ? that's what i have been thinking at least . you are definitely correct with # 4 by the way , self typed and typed by me as intp . :) inspired by misterperfects thread ! guess my colleagues types from these little descriptions . obviously it's not a deep insight , but based on what is provided , what do you guys think ? :) person 1 : ... person 1 : isfp person 2 : isfj person 3 : esfj ? looping enfp ? person 3 : inxp it's hard to say from just dot points , but these would be my guesses . :) lion it was great , but i would have made some changes . 7.5 / 10 for me . the girl with braids was esxj enfp for lilo , esfp for stitch , enfj for her sister . astrology isn't my forte , but i'm a taurus for what it's worth . bookfort yes i was leaning towards isfj for judi as well . esfj for nighy makes sense , i think maybe his own understated way of speaking influenced the role a bit so it makes it a bit harder to ... i'm not sure of the character names since i saw this film a while ago , but from memory .. judi dench : xxfj maggie smith : estj dev patel : esfp ? bill nighy : i don't remember but he tends to play ... he is intuitive for sure , but i wouldn't say introverted intuition , i think he has lower order fe but it's still there . i'd say entp . quite facially expressive - though to be fair some entp's ... beca : isfp , she was fi . jesse : entp , he was fe . crystallinesheep sorry for the super late reply , i never checked this thread after i made it for some reason . i remember seeing that video a while ago with absolutely no context , i didn't even ... fedez ? enxp ? esfp ? wristbands 21 ( sorry for the response being probably quite late for this thread ) i just rewatched this movie after seeing la la land because i loved emma and ryan together . : laughing : when they ... this might be a bit of a weak call , but gigi isn't talkative enough to be esfp . she communicates much more in the style of an extp , her tertiary fe is quite visible to me . epic love i have heard that gigi is an estp . sorry if there is already a thread for this , i couldn't find one . i see him typed as esfp , isfp or infp most commonly , what do ya'll think ? ... hmm , is xsfj a possible option for mia ? i rewatched it and i was thinking that she certainly uses fe ( not fi ) and si .. still not sure . aletheia her passion for just writing the most beautiful sounding sentences she can and playing with words is one of the main reasons i started writing myself , i read her work and just smile . ... some from one of my favourite people . “ in the sinking sand , where we ’ ve come to rest , have i had a hand in your loneliness ? ” ― joanna newsom “ among the responsibilities of any writer is ... all i can really gather is that he is an introvert who uses ti . so maybe an intp , infj or istp ? isfp type most likely to attempt to walk up an escalator that is going down because they don't know where the next one is , trip over and get their leg caught in between the grates , injuring ... i think people type him as an estp and infj as well . either way , he is still an isfp . angelcat i thought your enfp post for kylo on tumblr was very interesting ! also had me considering it too for sure . ( if that was you ? ) i would have thought he aligned more with ni from that ... ryan gosling's character used fi , ni , te ... and i wanted to say si , but i don't actually think he processed his attachment to the past through si . he was a traditionalist , but he was a dreamer . he had ... im kylo but stronger i agree with kylo being fe aux , but could you elaborate on why he is infj rather than isfj ? i am leaning towards infj myself , but i didn't get the overwhelming impression of ... i might have posted in this thread a while ago , but if not , i still am very convinced she is an enfp . there is a lot of ne-fi going on there . did perc ever settle on danisnotonfire's type , or is the cycle of infj v infp v intp v enfp v entp still looping ? :p i see sherlock as an istp , agree with moriarty and john , wouldn't have a clue for mycroft . what about mary ? keira knightly's character seemed fe to me . incredibly facially expressive as well .