' you can play chaotic neutral but still be pro-social , right ? :) as in , it's useful for a party to work well together , whether they're making good or evil decisions . this way , you could be the ... this is bad , i think . just based on the threats to kill herself if you leave . i hope you're okay and that she is too . my best friend from college is an intp with an enfp girlfriend , too . they ... ( ^ lol to forgot to add op was impotent . ) i think maybe the op is just trying to understand a commonly held belief inside and out . i hate feeling like i've bought into what essentially ends up ... i'm very confused ! when i saw the thread topic , i thought it was like a modest proposal kind of satirical thread . i kept going back and forth ... i can't tell if my fi is making it impossible for me ... 16 , infp , not diagnosed . erm ... was it just me , or did other people think their scores would be higher as they were answering questions ? hi salad days , what is it you're trying to fix ? having feelings of jealousy ? ( that's what i'm gathering from the title of the post ) ... but what if the feelings are trying to tell you something ? :/ this is an old request , but if you're still interested ( i so rarely read nonfiction ) , i just read a blessing by gregory orr . i guess it's technically a memoir . if you want a way to evaluate , here's ... irrelevant : oh , monsieur melancholy . it's been too long . :) i took a hiatus and how i missed your threads . i don't know . we'll pretend that i'm not also a grad student right now and that i could theoretically afford to spend money on a co-working space . i think i'd probably never be interested in one , ... me ! i use skype for a lot of my work , so for that i prefer to be in the quiet and predictable sanctity of my home . but for my just get it done work , i tend to prefer cafes . the kind that let you ... i'm saving this . so well put . i think this must be how i ended up in poetry . images are still much easier than words . :: sigh :: :) your post is very vague . can you give us more concrete info ? like what are some really weird things to get my attention ? when you say i gave her some [ attention , i hope ] , how ? what is she doing ... everyone is different , but a lot of brain scan / mbti literature shows higher correlations of empathy-related brain activity in fs . maybe that is why ? ( one source ) ps i'm really proud of my f7 ... there's nothing wrong with that ! you be you . :) i only meant that i probably have little to offer of use , based on how differently we see things . man . i was totally going to respond , and then techie 1 had to go and say the word utility . fundamental difference in premise between my kind and yours , sirs nt . i heartily salute the women ... i think what a lot of fi users above are saying about sincerity might actually be the friction between an fi user ( your enfp ) and an fe user . in his article on infps ( i realize it's not the same ... do books count ? :/ could it be a 9 desire-to-merge thing ? less to do with sexual attraction and more to do with the fascination of becoming more like someone you admire ? ( i had this a lot in the past ... she said as if ... aww ! i like nt-nf matches ... :) by public image , did you just mean how you appear to her when you're talking to other people in her vicinity ? if so , i would agree with what cptobvious says ... 364850 come over , everyone ! i has two . and much 5 - lb-dog wardrobe . i think there are too many of us now for this to be an appropriate image . ( what book is that from , though ? i don't remember ! ) more like this maybe ? i find this helpful from the enneagram institute website . despite being about relationship trouble between a 7 and 9 , the article highlights some of the 7 and 9 ' s differences by saying how each type ... i guess i'd like to confirm your suspicion . i've never heard military movie as a genre , let alone as * the * genre that can get someone to cry . though ... does something like armageddon count ? i ... lol . if they're stressful to watch , why do you watch them ? ! i was also going to say to anonymouskaytie , maybe this ' talking during a movie ' question introduces too many confounding variables ... lol this was so perfect . thank you for corroborating the esfp theory ! :) it's a dark and scary place . :D actually , since this thread is somewhat based on generalization ... you know who never sit through movies silently ? in my vast sample size of three esfps , they never sit through movies silently ... i sit through a movie mostly in silence , but i can't suppress laughter or tears . it doesn't occur to me to hold back because i'm totally sucked in . does that count ? or did i fail ? :( ( btw , my infj ... hm ... i sense a preoccupation with food and drink among us infps . :) i , like the op , am immediately infatuated with anyone who hands me coffee . this morning , i walked my dogs to the coffee stand ... their hand gestures kind of remind me of sims 1 interactions . :) lol - one of my dogs is barking at this video . he does this when my infj friend and i are talking sometimes , too . well , it depends . what are your interests ? sometimes it helps to have something organized so that socializing seems like a secondary purpose . ( i guess you can tell that this advice comes someone ... i really relate to this ( from when i was younger , though ) . it sounds like you're being smart about not expressing your opinion to your dad . if you know he'll react in a terrifying way , it's probably ... lol - - i love how you and iamtp are totally having this side conversation that none of us infps are engaging . and , , if not for the rabies , we'd bed you . i speak for us all . edit : i ... i'm really relieved to hear you say that . i think i also tend to project an even-keeled , ( poorly ? ) te-filtered exterior . partly because , otherwise , i've run into a lot of problems trying to explain ... i'm also interested in sleeping 6 hours a day . i want to go to bed by midnight starting tomorrow ( obviously , i've already missed the boat today ) . and i want to start writing 3 hours a day , ... i would have said shell until i heard npr this morning . chevron is probably just as bad , so i realize this is an illogical reason . but my preference for that yellow shell isn't really logical ... hi crystal 19 . i'm a little confused . ( but like belle chat says , it sounds like a excitingly tantalizing situation ! ) could you clarify some things ? you said he's someone you can't have , but you ... anyone who makes people feel unable to speak their minds . ( and i don't only mean this for the oppressed minority , though they are usually the ones who feel silenced . a vocal minority can bully the ... i do this sometimes . not with the same feeling of hurt you describe - - i think i've always been very lucky in that regard . also , like infpwoman , i'm also very forgiving when people i care about ... i don't know if this illuminates anything for you , but in case it does , have you read personalityjunkie ? he says : the way you described spacing out reminded me of this . ( because i liked the ... yeah , tell us how this ends . :) i do . but more as a measure of how self-possessed i am . in other words , if i read it and feel compelled to live my life based on what it says or use it to understand myself at the face value of the ... thanks for understanding . :) i know what you mean . but one of my best friends in class is an infj , and ( maybe her perception is different because she is a 4 ? ) she always says that her hyper ... is it possible you're doing something socially inappropriate without knowing it ? when i was in korea for a year , i was told by my friends that people could really tell i was american , even if i ... we do not inherit the earth from our ancestors , we borrow it from our children . - native american proverb hm ... actually , the problem avoidance could be a 7 thing more so than an infp thing . other infps i know want to resolve conflicts at the end of the day . they're just nervous about paying the initial ... digitalbum , thank you for that video . another reminder that the world is a scary place . 31 out of 36 . that really was fun ! did people see the compiled results ? maybe not enough people have taken the test , but there don't appear to be any obvious trends . i had a professor who once told me that if i had problems with a guy's character or personality , i should decide early on if i could live with those problems forever because those are the issues ... '