427746 can this please go viral ? very beautiful and well thought out . made . my . life . infjs are very sentimental :) it's the thought that counts . a gift that has an inside joke or memory or some sort is sooo special . i can't speak for every infj , but this is something to consider ... what's the se phase like ? ( if you're there yet ) how personality develops over time are you more attuned to your surroundings ? what's your bedroom look like ? are you still a perfectionist ? ... - poem , has to be totally meaningful and from your heart . not sappy :P ( if this isn't good enough , add a gift card to her local bookstore ) - every infj always needs a new journal . - take her ... youtube needs more mbti videos . it's perfect . great job , guys , keep it going ! fi mind = water slides and ski lifts ni mind = tunnels and ladders ni is incredibly good at taking ' a posteriori ' reasoning and building ' a priori ' abstraction . ( if i may put it that way ) it is ... i'm not here to give personal advise , i am too young . but here's some things you can look into : - sound therapy ; binaural beats , singing bowls , natural sounds , ect . - aura healing ; ... mbti : infj enneagram : 5w4 , 594 socionic : eii ( don't know what happen there ) instinct : all too close together horo : virgo sun , sagittarius moon zodiac : rat aura : emerald and purple ( i just ... imagine waking up in the morning a forgetting how time and space works . imagine looking into some one's eyes and knowing who they are when they are alone . imagine not trusting the sky to stay above ... epic . awe , congratulations ! welcome aboard welcome :) have a lot of fun here hehe , good to hear ! welcome aboard . hello ! always good to have another enfp on board . beautiful avatar by the way ! - post post post , - don't be afraid to drop people a message - ask every question you can think of - make new keypals - learn lots - and love who you are have fun , love ! epic advise , thank you . i always appreciate a good definition of se . yeah , dude ^ this is brilliant . i agree from this perspective , symbolism is an art , and in many cases should be kept that way . i'm glad , love x ) being influence by others can only make you smarter and stronger , what's a painting with only one colour , one shade , one shape ? as long as you embrace yourself , no matter what . i see ! i use to overlook the little things too ... but it's the subtle things that can reveal your true character ! on the outside we use the idea's of things to replace situations or explanations ... hello , estps don't let this sound superficial to you ... it's probably hypocritical ... but do you ever catch yourselves being too presuming ? for instance : my mother's an estp , ( i'm 18 , i ... metaphor metaphor analogy ( kinda ) melodic metal :  synth / alternative : loving this ! thank you for sharing x ) bloomingdepths she is correct in a lot of cases . it's up to you to decide weather this friendship is worth the fight or not . keep an open mind , follow your gut . you're already doing everything you ... this is our most ominous weakness . conveying our inner world can be burdening , our ideas are so abstract and our third function often fails us under pressure . i agree with merola : ... hehe , i can share : i've never door slammed intentionally , but i ' have been door slammed before . she was a friend i met in the last year of elementary , we were extremely close . after the first ... absolutely . though , i've come to the point where i try to reason and help them avoid being embarrassed all together . help them to feel more comfortable in any way i can . it's so an empathetic fe ... i was raised ( by and estp ) doing a lot of sports so i'm pretty good , at least skilled . i wouldn't call myself athletic , though . infjs have se , so most of us are bound to be somewhat active . i do ... gifford maxim well thought out , brilliant ! thank you so much . hey , hun ! finally diagnosed yourself , hey ? x ) i'm the same , many tests would tell me intj . but , socionics tell me eii ( which is infp in mbti ) . so , i met in the middle . ;) well , not really , i am ... - tumbles off chair and roles away laughing at this entire thread - i use light humor in these cases . i think our enigma comes from our obsession of eccentricity , satire , and self protection all at once . embracing my jocular side frees me from self allusion and ... i'd have to say the music , mostly . i feel music with atmosphere and abstract composition can speak more than words ever will . most of the time i end up changing the lyrics or pretending they're ... that's an awesome way of looking at it . i guess it's something that depends on the situation . i'll keep this in mind thanks again ! thank you bender 477 that's a good quote . defiantly some thing to keep in mind . bender 477 and mina 92 this is a characteristic i've been pondering . am i too naive ? or am i too judgmental ? do you think it's healthy to teeter toward self protection , or social humanitarianism ? ... thatchadguy wow , so many people are saying don't even bother when it comes to this . though i really want to side with you . how do you think helping other would benefit us personally ? ... your advise is wonderful , yet this certain part speaks new revelation to me , the way you've explained it . makes sense of our functions . may i ask you to elaborate ni-se ? have you had any personal ... insanityremix untapped wisdom . advise we will cherish for he rest of our lives . beautiful ! amazing quote , i'm keeping this forever . i've read some where that we develop our functions in phases . ni at childhood , fe in adolescence , ti in 20s , and se in 30s , until ... thanks for commenting ! i see this a lot with my infj father . defiantly rings true from my perspective . that's too bad . how would you say we deal with these people ? i don't have many ... yes , i've talked to others before .. every one seems to agree we should stay in the background and work from there , as a quiet leader . about emotional involvement . i disagree now , subjectively . but ... ahhaa , thanks so much , this tells me a lot . that's an excellent comment . do you think ni gets stronger as you get older ? does it ever get somewhat neglected due to more use of our other ... you guys are amazing . i've been on perc for three-four years now ( since 15yo ) , and like most of you , finding my type was the best thing that ever happened to me . i've been able to learn so much of ... i agree , sweet heart , involve a third party in those situations . not so much as to ' lessen the battle ' , but to give you yourself more confidence in sticking up for yourself . it seem she's only ... ooooh ! pick me ! sounds like we have some similar interests ;) i got hestia too ! high five ! ( i think all infjs will get her whether they like it or not ) my mother's an estp , she's extremely productive and hard working . she could travel the world , solve the politics , battle terrorism with a pen , do an entire country's paper work , read a library , heal ...