' nope . nonsense . intp . sometimes i think i might be an entp , but i use si more and fe less than what an entp would . sometimes an intj , but nah . infp , could be ... maybe . most of the people i know , and the people they know , have jobs unrelated to their degrees . just because you have graduated as an aerospace engineer does not mean that you lack the ability to manage ... could be because of the misconception that sensors have no intuition whatsoever . both types have ti as a primary function , the confusion could arise from whether they have se or ne as a secondary ... send me an email . a chocolate bar . i think when you are depressed you see the world worse than it really is . as if the positive possibilities aren't possible and the negative possibilities are all that is going to happen . must acquire enough social skills first . i haven't met one irl yet , but i imagine talking to them might be as twice as difficult in comparasion to talking to other people . hey , there ! welcome aboard ! electrical engineering . i get graded homework ! : rolleyes : the professors assign us a few questions ( 5-15 ) and they are corrected by the ta . this is the first semester that i get graded homework ... i think estj ... fine ... say that everything is fine ... saying something negative makes the other person automatically assume that you need help . it is natural . cereal earning money has positive associations to it . like independence , comfort , luxury ... etc . so i think it is a situational correlation =/ = causation case . money could buy you things that may fulfil ... intj in this case , it seems like things are going in your favour . just an advice : you won't get anywhere unless you pursue people in the real world . you do not have to count all your flaws . if you get rejected for a few time , so what ? life doesn't end here . go try ... he is showing signs that he is not invested in you . pushing you away in the beginning might be because he was hesitant , but keeping that up means that he is not ready for a relationship . give him ... i go there for the articles , more than other peoples ' posts and comments . i relate with the intuitive thread more . these are the ones that i relate to the most from when i was a child . edit : deleted part . ( sorry ! ) i'm doing a c + + course right now . so far , it's easy . i do not mind programming itself but i hate writing lab reports about programming . i deem it as a problem solving tool , more than anything . enfps ... i really don't . when they show distinctive traits ... i would think : that person possesses a fairly strong te / ti / se / si ... etc . maybe later on i would see them as a type or the other . as a child , i used to be really sensitive . i also used to be artsy , but also did well at school . what would strike people as odd though is that i value my independence a lot . i used to save my ... veggie stir fry and hummus . same , i am terrible with multiple choice questions ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... i'm an intp ( i suppose ) . my dad is an istp . mum is an enfp . my dad and i have an okay relationship . we understand each other in a way and have discussions about certain things from time to time ... i think everywhere has beautiful people . each of us would have a different idea of what is considered beautiful . i have seen really pretty syrian and lebanese girls . isfp grilled cheese sandwich watermelons electrical / computer engineering . i'll have to decide after my first programming course , this semester . i am an intp . my father is an istp . my mother is an enfp . esfp strawberry yoghurt infp grapes and some chocolate i was too lazy to go to the shops so i ordered things online . i hate ordering things online . infp what kind of parents would give away their 8 year-old girl for marriage ? ! poor baby . cauliflower in spicy tomato sauce . hummus with bread . yes , yes , it happens . i do not even realise when i should just shut up because i am making the other person uncomfortable . i just had mushroom curry and chickpeas with tomato sauce . i brush my teeth when i wake up and before i go to sleep . some days i stay up late and forget about brushing my teeth , oops . i shower once every two days and after i go to the gym . this is the humanmetrics one as well . i stopped growing at 15 years old . i am 5 ' 2 . she sounds similar to someone i know . she is probably an intj . banana and peanut butter on bread , with honey drizzled over . entps and enfps are the ones i find romantically attractive . also my closest friends are an enfj , an entp and an intj . '