' dude , i am the same exact way ! no joke , i am horrible at math , but i always notice i do the same exact thing , i'll do it exactly how i'm supposed to but somehow i'll switch a number somewhere , it's ... my sister wrote this and she told me to read it , it made me really sad and i thought i would share it with you guys , it's a poem , and i definitely think it's worth the read .  ... no problem , i'm always glad to meet other fans xd huh , i never really though of it , it depends i think , complements on my work at my job motivates me a lot , it's nice to feel appreciated for the things i'm working my ass off on . when people ... oh , man , i don't know , i was thankful to be able to get mine from books a million when they were on sale for buy one / two and get one free , so you can always keep an eye out there if you have one ... i own the fruits basket manga series , it's my absolute favorite and is on the very top of my manga shelf xd maya angelou is extremely inspirational to me , i love her writing and anytime i've read or listened to her words she's moved me to tears . also , i absolutely love the dalai lama , he's so ... i love to write , but unfortunately i've been going through some serious writers block lately . i did find something old that i wrote a while back that i don't intend on using , and despite how ... i'm with andvari , i tend to trust people too much , but with me it's a certain kind of trust . i can become friends with just about anyone , and i am always willing to give people trust without thinking ... live has probably always been my group for empowerment and inspiration , like the lyrics in my signature , i'd like to have that tattooed somewhere on my body , for some reason those background lyrics ... i don't cook very often but every time i do people love it , my sister will only eat certain things if i make it , like fish of any sort , i'm great with meats and people love my chili and stews . my ... i'm in one of my matchbox twenty moods , i tend to listen to them when i'm depressed , somehow they complement the feeling i don't think so , i feel like i'm my own best friend and don't mind hanging out at random places by myself . i don't have an addictive personality , but i do smoke weed , just about everyone in my family does , and i feel like it's more out of pride then anything , and the fact that i just love being high , it's ... i just remembered my dream i had last night , it was actually a nightmare o_o usually i like nightmares unless they have my one biggest fear : spiders ! o_o alright , i dreamed that i was in a ... you're not a freak , be honest with yourself and tell someone how you feel . there's other people who feel the same way , and maybe you can take steps to make yourself feel right . just don't hate ... i always thought this should be the infp theme song : mostly siblings , movies like twilight make me want to barf , or any cheesy love at first sight or crap . people always tell me how i'm just going to love some romance , and some are nice , like i liked ... ugh ... romance ... i mean , the concept is nice and cute , but i don't think i can fall in love , or at least i don't think there's a single guy out there that can sweep me off my feet or whatever , so ... i feel emotions , though i don't express them so well , i think . i've come to realize that i have a hard time channeling my emotions , especially into my writing these days , that was how i used get the ... gainesville , florida , home of the gators i'm probably the most calm person i know , i don't think i've ever really had a panic attack , most of the time i can find a way to ride with the situation and can stay positive for the most part . i used to love rpg games back in the day , my absolute favorite being xenogears , second is final fantasy 3/6 ( whatever you want to call it ) , i also love the resident evil and silent hill games . these ... lol , i'm not really depressed right now , but i'll share something i guess . like a lot of people i got ruthlessly bullied in elementary school , but probably my most horrifying elementary school ... i don't have kids , i think i might want to though , i don't think i'd care whether it's a boy or a girl , either way i imagine i'd have a lot of fun with them ^ _ ^ i'm 27 though , and i don't feel as ... i think the only person in the world who knew the real me at one point in time was my cousin jenn , our relationship has been through a lot , even though she doesn't know me anymore , she's still the ... wow , this is a great question , i usually don't think about this , but mentally i have a list in the back of my mind that i don't pay much attention to unless someone specifically hits one of my major ... i've learned to plant my feet when it comes to extremely assertive people , but for the most part i can put up a matching front and usually manipulate the situation to my liking . i think i've become ... 16290 hale kitler ! i mean ... this is my cat sammy ^ _ ^ 0 and that's my baby cousin in the background . my cat's very laid back and cool , he gets along great with the baby , and will just take most of ... i know that two and two make four - and should be glad to prove it too if i could - though i must say if by any sort of process i could convert 2 and 2 into five it would give me much greater ... i guess i must be something of an empath , i know i'm also very sensitive to spirits / ghosts , i don't know if that has anything to do with being an empath , but i tend to be very sensitive to a lot of ... dreams for the next twenty years ... hmmm , there's so many things i'd like to do ! i want to travel the world , i want to maybe have a kid , i'd like to help people , plant a seed that will hopefully grow ... hmmm ... i can try to , but i'm never successful , i have too many hobbies that clutter things , just looking around my room there's cameras , my graphics tablet , a sewing machine beside my desk , my bead ... i'm not too keen on hugs , though if you get enough alcohol in me i become extremely loveable and will give hugs as frequently as my staggering feet will allow , lol . i don't like being touched much by ... it can be pretty numbing to feel like nothing you do can ever make the difference you really would like it to . i know i go through similar depressions , you just have to trudge through these times and ... i relate a lot , though i've avoided college for the exact reasons you've stated , i'm afraid i'll do the same thing . i really don't know what to do , i love to learn , and i'm constantly doing things on ... huh , i think i really need to do the same thing , i'm often lost in my thoughts so much , but sometimes when i'm on break i'll sit in my car and look at the clouds and listen to the birds singing , it's ... i'm addicted to this song xd oh , i just ignore trolls , i don't let them bother me . o_o is it really so scary ? i don't think i have a real problem making friends . when i was in school , though , i could hardly talk to people , so i didn't have many friends . nowadays i can hold a conversation quite easily , but i ... my grandma's smile was beautiful . <3 beauty is whatever makes the eye tingle with joy . i don't really care about the plot changes either , there's so many different x-men comics with different plots that i just view it in the same light , i wasn't a huge fan of some of the things , but to ... i keep most of my conversations in my head , it just wont do to have people thinking i'm crazy when i already know i am . i am ! i don't care if everyone says it'll be bad , it's our job as fans to keep having hope that there'll be an awesome x-men movie ! i liked x-men origins it was pretty good , gambit could have been ... i'm with everyone saying clingy , i had every intention of answering with just that before i read the last few posts , i'm glad i'm not the only ones . i don't like guys who are potential stalkers , or ... i do xd i am kind of evil about it , but only to my siblings . i'm a very sarcastic person in general though , and a lot of people can't tell when i'm joking unfortunately . the most evil thing i ever ... you know , i was actually thinking that we should try to start something where we take our infp ideas and try to work together to make things happen , i think we could do a lot of good if we ... i just think it's going to take a lot of devastation and an absolute collapse of the many governments we have today to head anywhere positive . with that in mind and imagining a civilization trying to ... i don't think so ... my last relationship ended because i was tired of waiting for a damn proposal , you'd think after 5 years there'd be some sign of something , and i was tired of getting screwed on ... '