' from my experience this is very common with nfp women especially enfp women . the functional stack of the nfps is the naturally most rebelious in that it is not very accepting of societal standards , ... when typing yourself remember that mbti is not about how good you are at using a function . mbti only indicates which function you prefer . also prefering a function should never be associated with a ... where did i do that . the general consensus is that types who don't share any letter like isfj and entp or infj and estp get along best , which is a load of horseshit if you look who gets along best . i ... from how i perceive conversations and relationships there is a clear pattern for both perceivers and judgers . perceivers get along best with other perceiving types especially those who prefer the ... i'd say intp , infj and enfp . i like to logically analyze things but prefer to make value based desicions in the end . infj is my unvalued type so i sometimes fall into typical infj behaviours . when ... because mbti is about preference . everyone has a preference for a certain type . this is who we want to be . we may slip into other types ( using functions other than the dominant or auxilliary ) but ... love your posts and couldn't agree more . my romantic life is pretty much non-existent . i'd love to have one , but the way to get there is not really for me . to me dating is very appaling . before i ... by looking at the difference between high te and high ti . i think you generally try to asociate function with behaviour and that's the problem with your hypothesis . you're an estp and you have tertiary fe . this is probably where your understanding of fe ... cersei is most definetely not a dominant fe user . fe is about creating harmony with the environment . cersei desires power and doesn't care about others opinion much . showing off is more of a se than ... why should that be idiotic ? it could simply mean that house mormont has a bigger role to play in the events of season 7 . this could be related to both lyanna mormont or jorah mormont . good point . he could also just be using his ni . i also remember reading in tyrion ii a game of thrones , that jon askes tyrion what he is reading and tyrion answers that he is reading about dragons ... just because jon doesn't read doesn't necessarily make him an se type . i think this comes mainly from what we see of him in the show . jon is pretty much a badass who is always right in the action ... i think typing luna as an intp is completely wrong . like fdt said , she shows no real signs of deductive logic . luna , in my eyes , is definetely an ne dom type . yes she actually doesn't come of as a ... i think she was trying to use her fe more to fullfill an internal vision of becoming queen rather than making things stay the way they are . i could be very wrong . but margaery loves to show herself ... i actually think the extp typing fits margaery very well . she is clearly using fe over te in my eyes . since extp types have tertiary fe they might be very good at it but use it more as a tool ... vivi from final fantasy ix is the only fictional character i'm 100 % sure is an infp . he is pretty much the definitive infp . he has the internal struggles of who am i ? , what is my purpose ? , where do i ... i'm an infp and i'm an atheist . i never made the observation you had . i think the idea of a god is absolutely ridiculous . yeah , ygritte is definetely esfp . she is clearly fi-te and not ti-fe . fi-te types tend to identify themselves as more indipendent than ti-fe types . doesn't mean that they actually are . ygritte does ... isfp is the type , that is quite common according to the mbti system but in reality seems to be very rare . i don't know anyone who i would personally type as isfp . from their description they seem to ... typ no 1 : be with those people who don't find you annoying . as an esfj you probably get along well with other sj types . since sjs make up up to 50 % of the population you shouldn't have many problems ... there is not ' the one right way ' to put types in temperaments . i think keirsey is right with saying that nf nt sp and sjs are about what they focus on . nts focus on being rational , nfs on values , ... not correct . even though they value si they only value it as a stress / defense function . they want to explore the world through ne and feel caged by people who try to push them into their inferior si ... from my experience the third link is the most accurate . isfjs and istjs are very common , but i've never met anybody who even closely resembles an infj . falling foxes as an intuitive you will ... 1 . i generally agree with you , especially on the part that descriptions of sensing types are boring and dull ( especially sjs ) . i bet that many intuitive types are actually sensors , especially nj ... well there are 3 reasons that stick out to me why he didn't make a move . 1 . he simply is not interested in you , period . but i think that's unlikely from what you explained . 2 . he is attracted ... shoe definetely yes ! i prefer when a woman makes the first move . that doesn't mean i'm uncapable of doing the first move as well . it's just less prefered . if i notice a girl likes me i may consider asking ... they could work very well together due to their fi . esfps tend to have a side to them of deep feelings like the infp but they are much more likely to ignore this in a certain moment . the problem ... of course why shouldn't it be . if they are too focused on their dominant function or are in a dominant tertiary loop they might not be outgoing at all . infjs are known to spend a lot of time in a ... some isjs definetely do . esjs are more open to external ideas . isjs can often be so focused on their si view of the world that they completely supress ne . that's the case with the inferior function ... i am 100 % sure i'm infp . i tested as infj first but when reading the description i discovered that infp fits me much better . when i learned about the functions i was even more certain i'm infp ... i just don't know what to do with all that : just get out of your home and start living life advice . ok i got outside , now what am i supposed to do ? there's not a lot i see of worth , no job i want ... my personal theory is that communication is easiest with our extravert / introvert cousin type . so infps have a very easy time communicating with enfps and vice versa . the reason for this is probably ... never thought about olenna's type , but entj seems reasonable . when she was talking to margeary she has much more of ni than si i guess cercei is an estj i don't think that's actually the problem . there is no reason why they shouldn't notice each other . the problem is that the infp will most likely feel repressed by the estjs te , si . te si wants to ... most people . it's pretty difficult to type somebody . everybody is a multi layered personality and it's close to impossible to type someone based on superficial conversation . it amazes me how some ... thanks for the explanation . i see now where you're coming from and i understand your point . however , this is a matter of debate . i'd say that while enfjs and enfps are both people oriented enfjs are ... why should an entp take advantage of people ? i know it's a stereotype that entps can be very manipulative and insensitive . but personality types shouldn't be treated this way . not every entp takes ... i definetely prefer nj / np over nt / nf . an enfp has more in common with an entp than an enfj . j / p describes your attitude towards the outside world and is in my opinion the most important letter in the ... entj and infp are often considered to compliment each other very well and be one of the best type combinations for relationships . how do you see entj women : i don't know . seriously . entj is one of ... enjoy the silence - depeche mode it's just one of the few songs that never get boring . not many songs accomplish this . there are lots of others ... fi and ti are both internal judgement functions . fi is a value judgement which means it perceives external information ( either se or ne ) and judges it by asking itself , has this any value to me ? ... j-ness and p-ness don't exist in the way you think they do . you can be a p and like to make to-do list . i do them too . p and j is just about how you perceive and make decisions . j don't necesarilly ... my sadness can appear when i hear or see something that hurts me or i perceive as bad . these thoughts then stick in my hand and could eventually lead into anger . but this again happens in a burst and ... i have tendencies to both but they appear differently . sadness is something that creeps more into my head and likes to stay there for a while and then leave again . anger appears much more sudden ... stop giving a shit about it . girls are not better than you . they are people too who have their own problems and worry a lot just like you . always have the mindset : if a girl doesn't want me , it's ... in the stereotypical sense it's probably i / esfj . they are the most common types among females . but i don't like to think in the terms of most masculine / most feminine because you will always go back ... if you're attracted to him , just approach him and chat him up . if you're not the commitment type , that's fine . nothing wrong with that . but you need to be honest and upfront , that you are not ... well infps tend to type as 4s and saying infps are sjs is like saying enfjs are sps . just because they have the same functions in their valued functional stack doesn't mean they are similar . quite ... '