' okay , you are forgiven :) you are asking me why i am in love with a girl ? i can't control that , i just am and i want her ! =) yes , she is well over the age of consent :P lol that's not nice to say , actually thats pretty hurtful :( please dont say stuff like that anymore :( :( i was really looking for some advice here . i hope you understand =) i work in a grocery store , and every now and then this girl comes by . i've seen her with her friends and ... i asked a co-worker if he knew her name and he did , so i found her profile on facebook , to ... i always fall in love with the esfj girls . i have little in common with them . i do music mostly , and you know , i'm infp .. shy , sweet and creative . do esfj girls really like me ? how can i get in ... amen . thank you all infp women , for those wonderful posts ! awww := ) i'm wondering about the same thing me being an introvert and at the time struggeling with low self-esteem , i never dared to tell him i needed space . the problem was nothing more than that i was tired of his extroverted babbling - to ... once in high school when i was 17 i was living in an apartment with two other dudes .. one was probably istj and the orher was probably a enfj i told my enfj friend i was tired of him and needed a ... hey guys . so nice too hear i'm not alone . : blushed : what you were telling me sound so much like me . i'm 21 now and it has become much better . i suffered generalized social anxiety .. first i had ... arguing ! and giving critique are the entjs specialities . i hate it ! intolerance of being wrong , though these are not true to all entj ofcourse .. i could be wrong .. but i got two famiy members that ... sucks .. how can she control diseases .. it would spread .. worms .. doctor bills .. and food .. how would they all get along .. its not nice : angry : you know those people that they say have a lot of cats ... hehe .. more than three .. three or more .. cats .. there is this guy in our place that has like .. 10 cats , and he feds them like 10 lbs of ... i wanna get a lynx . and a dog . and a cat . ( maybe just two of them ) and hope they all three get along .. hehe : happy : im a cat man . had a cat since i was little , want a big one . like a lynx you may be right <--- i'm the retard on the avatar but by some unknown reason i wanna see how you others look like , hiding behind your avatars . so upload pictures if you dare ... its a dare : crazy :: mellow : ! when i get stressed out or loose my temper i .. hurt people more easily i guess .. i throw out my feelings and say things i shouldnt .. get kind of pissed off and really angry ... i suddently dont think ... if someone should tell me some bad news , i could sense it .. my body will tell me . i think i generally also understand quickly what someone want or mean before they are finished speaking , somehow .. do you like animals a lot ? do you feel you connect better with animals than others ? cats cats cats cats cats ... what personality you think billy has ? he's strong on feeling - i think thats his strongest and he's a perceiving type - i think because , he quit before graduating , was a rebel , bad boy , no rules ... true that bernard has a lot of feelings .. yeah guess he's a feeler good music is beautiful  ben is defidently an introvert and defidently a no-feeler but isnt he kind of psyched into rules and punishment , judging ? ixtj intj ? e 50 % n 40 % t 50 % j 40 % bernard the elderly guy ? take him as a istp , because he strikes me more as a regular working man if i should say so , than the imaginative , creative type .. but i havent studied him too much . yeah ben ... my flaw : my feelings sometimes control me and blind me to to actions i dont understand the consecquenses of untill later my greatest strenght is : independent as i am , i dont lose focus under ... atually i feel it lost a little of itself after the revealation of the rescuing . so season 4 wasnt as entartaining as the two first . they were power ! .. but im a blood-fan so ill keep it going till ... hey guys . billy joel has been my long time favourite . i sing and play piano and harmonica , played piano man for an audience when i was 16 - with harmonica . i had all of his albums . but went on ... i take a shower every day im at school / work , but in the summer holiday , if im not to much around people other than my pals , i can not shower for 5 days . but when im feeling stressed - showering is my ... i completed the four . there will only be six . ( and the last episode will be a big reevelation , has the producer promised as in an interview , you'll find it if ya search . ) sawyer is a funny guy , ... norway norway i had a very loyal childhood friend . think he was istx i like lost . my favourite character is desmond hume .. see you in the next life brotha . he's so idealistic , rule-free , positive and dreaming .. and he is killer perceving . also a loner i guess . i ... songwriter well , i think it like this : i am limited to what i find interesting .. and i just dont care about simple everyday things rather not talk at all would you go down the cellar and fetch me your friends home-brewed ale ? i prefer it with the yeast still in . thank you the smell was discusting , but when i first tasted it is was heaven . ever since it has been my dope sure .. you go go to some place north of the city trondheim . cold , lots of forrest .. freezing .. lots of snow , ice .. dark thick forrests . or if you want it like hell cold and really isolated . , you ... guess i can be more assertive . i know my friend can be . he's too passive . we were sitting around the table playing some cards .. six of us .. and without me recognizing it i had been slowly drained . i wanted to rund home and sleep .. but i went out to the porch and took some ... i'm norwegian . i have lived here all my life .. the winter is depressing .. wouldnt recomend it if you dont like darkness .. but oh my , its beutiful in all year .. the nature is perfect but suriviving ... welcome . take the test so well know who you are .. hoping youre an infp like me : cool : i gotta start doing that .. i gotta friend and he's like he never says when its enough .. people come to him , and he really wants to throw them out cause he wants peace .. and hes very popular , so he's ... i can't disconnect like you just by not showing interrest , if i understand you correctly . seems like you can just take of your ears .. i cant hehe .. it's a tought life ain't it ? .. i love the sundays ... waking up and im always playing sunday morning coming down by kris kristofferson .. then making a good breakfast , having a cup of ... i could not agree more . i have this friend .. and he can't stop babbling , i can respond do 10-30 % of it , but over that , i cannot take the shit . so i have explained to him that i dont like to talk ... comic way to say unloading .. makes me think of a cataoult or a gun , or someone taking a shit on us drama , thriller , off-limits humour not : action , romance , family shawshank redemption - great friendship between the two main chr the point about going in on ear and out the other is so right . and i guess a lot of ideas really never get out .. i dont like small talk . i can sit next to someone without sayin anything at all .. and ... '