' extroversion and introversion labels don't even matter for most people . if you're not clearly one or the other then don't label yourself as either . it'd be a pointless descriptor when applied to ... i went through massive depression after breaking up with my first ever real girlfriend . i barely ate because i just wasn't hungry , how could i be when i felt sick anytime i thought of her , and i ... it's clear to me . i just don't care about traditional views of success or anything . i'd rather be an astrophysicist paid 30k a year , than a banker paid 120k a year ( i pulled those numbers out ... i'm male and my friend preference is probably male . both have their pro's and con's . male friendships are more likely to be full of banter and humour , but lack emotional support . female ... i don't understand how 0.999 ... can = 1 . it's like saying you have to walk 1/2 the distance each time towards something . so first i walk 50 % of the way . next i walk 25 % of the way ... i'd never ... this may mean i've mistyped myself , but , i definitely think in language . sometimes i will even speak out loud to help me concentrate and understand the question . maybe i'm actually an enfp ... i'm not curious . i'm wrong . logic ? who needs it when i can answer everything with god ? i am a nice person in general . i don't believe animal euthanasia is moral , not if we wouldn't do the same for a human . a human gets cancer and doctors fight everyday to try and fix it or keep the ... what are you talking about ? are you saying that everyone should follow your beliefs ? what are the reasonable standards you speak of if not your personal beliefs ? < < < genuinely want to know . don't ... i barely have over 200 posts since signing up in 2013 or something . along with this i know i didn't always identify as an entp . i've switched a few times at least . ( this was part of the learning ... nevermind i figured it out aha interesting . it predicts i'm inf maybe i got my type wrong ? = s i doubt it , but , who knows ? yeah i have this girl who keeps quoting me and replying . she just wont let the conversation die . i'm kidding ! i'm kidding ! i have a good friend ( girl in the picture ) who i used to feel was ... oh no , don't get me wrong . i'm totally dealing with this situation too . some people wont let the friendship die ! ! ! the key thing for me is i need my freedom . i don't maintain long-term relationships because they usually take a way from my freedom , and i have no attachment to the person . i make new friends ... the problem i'm experiencing happens when i try to make a word bold or something ( anything not plain text ) now i know i'm not your favourite person , but , i'm surely not the only person dealing ... well , well , well . what do we have here ? looks like we have a case of inter-type-breeding . we don't take too kindly to that around here . you take your sinful thoughts and you get on outta here . you ... wellsy seriously , what is your iq ? it must be like 175 at least . - - - i've never thought about meritocracies before . i agree with you , we totally don't live ... i don't know why they have to be elemental , but , other than that , i like it . i would be water sub-type . water is my favourite element and my favourite pokemon type . squirtle . i know you we're ... people assume i'm stupider than i am , because of my own doing . i have no inferiority complex about my intelligence so i don't feel the need to use words that make me look like a dick . honestly , ... itselly honestly , i skim read everything you posted originally . there's just too much for me to take in , or focus on reading . i've thought of a way around this problem ... you think you're ... please translate this into dumbass english for me and any other peasants , who're not blessed with minds that understand genius jibberenglish . i'm pretty sure i get the point , but , my puny mind ... it bothers me more than it should that it says ragrets and not regrets . anyway , i regret that i've seen and heard the word regret too many times and now the word doesn't look right . my mom is almost definitely an estp . she's not a sporty person at all though , so if that knocks her chances of being estp i don't know what else she is . my dad is harder to type . i think an intj ... bacon isn't even that good * flinches and waits * only expressing popular opinions should be allowed ( disregarding the above ) * flinches and waits * can't believe the whole rape thing is still being debated ahaha . i have a new question to rack your minds : is it still rape if they consent to having sex and then you drug them to make them ... ninjaws hmmm ... tough one . infp ? ( i really couldn't type that picture ) so it's agreed . i'm the champion of this debate . =P seriously , i can tell you've gotten emotional over this , because of your kick and scream remark . calm down . this doesn't matter . what does ... i disagree . unless you can back up your assertion that my claims are false then at best neither claim is valid . take the god debate , for example : if i say god exists and you ask for evidence , then ... it's not up for debate that a woman wearing sexy clothes creates a stronger impulse in a man to have sex . that much i thought would be agreed upon at least . i'm not even willing to keep arguing for ... at the end of the day it's my current opinion on the matter , that nobody yet has been able to change . you don't answer any of my questions and instead insult me and my arguments without giving ... i've already dealt with all these counter arguments , but , i can reiterate them one last time . firstly , this is my opinion based on my own logic and understanding . remember this . if information ... are you seriously not understanding what a hypothetical is ? ahaha . not only that but i put the hypothetical in your favour . ahahaha even if it's because of an ad in the street , if the ad in the ... nice ! i see how you attacked my arguments to lower their perceived merit , while not being able to refute anything i've said . it's true that i haven't gone and researched statistics about this ... see now we're talking ! it's probably true that even if they'd have worn a suit of armour , the rapist would have still acted upon his impulse . however , i don't think it can be debated that someone ... well i'm not able to name the exact disorder that causes people to rape . however , i can tell you an example of impaired ability to filter and control impulses . adhd . am i saying adhd people are ... unfortunately you've fell into my trap . there's no getting out . firstly ; i never mentioned anything to do with people who get raped who didn't wear revealing clothing - - - so that's thrown away ... 1 ) if you wear revealing clothing and then get raped , you kinda brought it on yourself . 2 ) agnostics have the only currently right position on god or lack there of . 3 ) it should be socially ... this post is insane and funny and true . 10/10 . everybody needs to understand 2 things : 1 ) there is no real right answer . if you claim your answer is the divine holy answer that everyone should choose , then you're wrong . both answers have ... well i'm not certain about specific type like entp or anything but i'm certain you're an e - from what you've said at least . i was very shy as a kid and teenager . i would still be very shy if i ... all i know is that i want to marry you right now . i would guess you're a shy extrovert and not an introvert . for what it's worth , there are a lot of things you mention that sound like me ( or ... it's possible you're shy rather than introverted . ( shy extrovert ) it's possible you're shy and introverted . it's possible you're not shy at all and just introverted . for me , i grew up as a shy ... definitely extrovert . if you think xntp then she / he ( i don't remember and cba to check ) is definitely an entp . sounds a lot like me - if that further confirms it for you . only thing i see ... some of you guys are hilarious . jagdpanther - your answer is the funniest so far ( i know this isn't a comedy test but you're winning anyway ) . yesterday i wondered what i would do if i removed all internet , tv , phones , laptops ... anything that i usually use to keep myself busy , from my life . i made a rule . i was allowed to use the ... i haven't gone through and made note of this kind of thing yet , but , i did notice infp's and isfp's seem to save the guy . haven't noticed an ixfp leaving him to die yet ( may have missed it though ) . ... i have some commitment issues . i want a lasting relationship , but , i need my freedom . i've dropped work , college , friends , girlfriends ... anything that smothered me and took away too much of my ... i would love to try and understand everyone who saved the guy . it's surely an irrational move to save this man's life , unless of course you're going to make use of him somehow like hikikomori ... the situation : there is a dying man lying in front of you . you have a miracle drug that would totally save his life . you only have 1 ( at least at this moment in time . maybe you can get more , ... i love to debate . i will debate things even when i don't believe what i'm saying . i've been in a debate with someone and while i'm beating them , i've been chipping in with ways that i'd beat my ... '