' i said zero flexibility and little time for dating . going around sifting through dates to find one that clicks isn't going to be as viable . that has nothing to do with maintaining a relationship i ... how you've come to the conclusion i have nothing to offer merely because i am busy is beyond me . no not really . again , more made up stuff . okay , this isn't cool . you're specifically looking to get into a relationship because you're about to enter a life phase where you will not have any resources to give to a relationship ? that is ... i do take it slow ( that's why i'm still single ) , but i'm not interested in making friends . i have friends . enough for my liking . i'm interested in going on dates with the intent of entering a ... absolutely not for me . i find the idea repugnant , actually . people could have been polite . maybe average is a more conservative bet . and i'm not claiming i'm a social butterfly . i'm just a normal guy who is introverted but not a social doofus . i don't ... i'm probably giving up the online thing here when my next subscription runs out . after that i really don't know where to look . bars are a definite no . i don't understand where people meet their ... i've tried both ways , actually . the last few women i have gone out with have gotten really weird and / or ignored my backhanded compliments . i don't know what to do anymore . seems i get screwed either ... i'm actually pretty healthy . sorry you feel that way . not sure which ones you met , but assholes exist everywhere . the number isn't anywhere near 99 % though . if anything i err on the side of being indifferent . definitely not overeager . yeah my close friends don't live near me anymore . the issue is that i have been meeting people , a good amount , and nothing works . i want to know why it is that deformed , infirm , mentally unstable , ... my friends are in worse positions than i am . asking them isn't going to help . as far as feedback , not really because that seems like an extraordinarily awkward thing to ask someone you barely ... so , i'm a 26 year old male who has been striking out time and time again when it comes to relationships . i've been in one relationship my entire life that lasted like 1.5 years and ended when i was ... i don't think this sort of dating method is very reasonable , and at best , it is counterproductive . being friends first just throws a wrench in what is normally a smooth dating process . when you fear ... never was a kiss . i appreciate the feedback . i think i'm just going to tell her we shouldn't hang out unless she can dedicate a decent amount of time to it . what is happening right now is dragging things out and ... i don't know . after thinking more , i'm on the verge of giving up . it has nothing to do with seeing her infrequently , or not making it official or what have you . it's that she keeps things ... i don't know . i'm not a model or anything but i'm decent looking . she's drop dead gorgeous and nice and smart . guys are always after her it seems . but i'm also smarter and have better career ... i like your answer , but maybe i'm just being optimistic . it is basically , what i've been doing . i can't shake the feeling that she wouldn't be giving me any of her time if she weren't interested and ... how am i supposed to know if an infj just wants to be friends ? things have been very weird with an infj i've been seeing . i've been very upfront about my intentions and she essentially told me she ... interesting . i find it unusual infjs are known for taking forever to open up and trust people yet all the responses so far have indicated kissing in 3 or fewer dates ... my infj friend has been with an intj , and i don't want to bust your confidence but even though she liked him at first , she soon found out that he was putting her down and felt caged . i can see that ... enlighten us infjs . also indicate your gender and if you initiated . well there was more than that . she also said she was basically trying to figure out if i'm trustworthy and decent . those two things seem at odds . how can you be simultaneously not saying things that need to be said but also being proactively aggressive ? pretty much yeah . women just do not enjoy my company on any level . i'm in the same situation . never had any female friends , dated one person in my life and it lasted a little less than two years . the ... i don't think that is going to help me dig myself out of the very clingy seeming hole i dug myself . i basically asked her if she knew i was romantically interested and she responded of course lol ... i should have just let things proceed at a natural pace . pretty pissed at myself . about zero chance she speaks to me again . i read through most of that thread . from what i can tell i never did anything egregious . good chance she lost interest after my bluntness though lol . i broke that off shortly after my post . i felt like a slime ball . i only did it because people were telling me she's a lost cause and i should see other people . btw i have a very well developed ... update on this . told her i liked her and got no reassurance she liked me or even that she wasn't interested . those who said she was ambivalent were right . i'm pretty much calling it off at this point ... yeah so i told her and didn't get an affirmation she liked me nor that she didn't . she basically said she had known for a while i like her . pretty much what i expected . probably going to call it ... is the crystal ball reference supposed to mean your guess is as good as mine or what ? edit : guess not :p so i've gone on six or so dates with an infj over a 3 month period ( she's pretty busy , and me too ) and recently i feel like progress has been a little glacial . for a bit i thought she was warming up ... she hates texting . and yeah , she told me how picky she was about people recently and that normally she wouldn't give anyone the time of day . you would literally have to have an autism spectrum disorder . i would know . not to mention you don't tell someone who is just friends how much you like them . that would be more than bizarre . it's kind of hard to get to the point of officially dating when you have no idea what is going on in her head . for all i know an attempt to kiss her would result in abject horror and assault ... spoke to her last night , she essentially said she likes me a lot and would normally never make any time for people unless she was obligated to . but she also indirectly used the word friend but it ... so i met an infj female a while back , and we've been out like five or so times on a date . they go well , we get along , everything seems nice . i find her very attractive and we have quite a bit in ... ' i don't know , i kind of have a rule that i don't compliment a female on her appearance until she trusts me . i did compliment her personality a few times . she is extremely cautious from what i ... well , now i have a new question . went on a second date a few days ago and it went well and she said she wanted to meet up again . the problem is , there hasn't been an ounce of flirting or touching ... she started initiating with me and asked if i'm free soon . - _ - if there is anything to be learned it is don't play the analysis game . you will lose . expectations of ... ? i don't know . i can't really fault a strong introvert for being wary about someone she doesn't really know . number 2 is cruel , but it is how modern dating works . pretty sure this isn't the ... i don't know . i can't really fault a strong introvert for being wary about someone she doesn't really know . number 2 is cruel , but it is how modern dating works . pretty sure this isn't the ... thanks , option 1 seems most likely . it seems whenever i finally get her to open up there is like a cascade of good conversation that finally ensues , but it is like pulling teeth initially . then i ... i'm socially retarded and would know that if a random stranger asked for my contact info then asked me out for drinks or lunch then the person probably isn't interested in just being friends . so i shouldn't be deterred by the fact she doesn't really ever reach out to me ? i don't enjoy appearing like someone who can't take a hint or who puts someone else in an awkward situation . i worry ... no this seems to fit her pretty well . thanks for the advice everyone . i appreciate your taking the time to respond . '