' doing stuff alone is absolutely lovely ! but so is doing stuff with people i love . let's see , the best way i can put it is ... when doing stuff alone , i feel inside of me a bliss going from the inside ... hello to all ! so , i figured all of the combined wisdom here at personality café could help me out in my predicament by providing me with some lovely advice . i was an active member at around the ... i've been realizing more and more that nearly everything i enjoy doing involves me being by myself . even with the activities that can involve others , i enjoy them more when i'm by myself . how selfish ... i have been dreaming of being a parent since i was a young child . i am secretly a housewife / supermommy in the guise of a male body . seriously though , i would love to have kids . of course , i'm only ... state radio holds a very special and deep spot in my heart . their music is meaningful and beautiful . naturally , the two qualities complement each other ... food , explore , laptop . or lazy , dream , loreenamckennitt i think i posted in this thread way long ago , when my major was different . i have changed and added since then , haha . i am currently double majoring in french & francophone studies ( francophone ... that movie is very special :) . i love it . well , i watched toy story 3 tonight . it was beautifully done , was filled with creativity , and was extremely moving . i've noticed that the best way to heal something like not being able to forgive yourself is to try your best to never do it again . make up for it by doing the opposite--comfort , help , and love ... hello everybody :) so , i ’ ll try to explain this as best as i can … i may ramble , so be warned , haha . well , this past year or so , i have taken more notice to my anger . i wouldn ’ t call it bad at ... i know how you feel :( . i wish you lots of luck , hopefully it won't be too bad , though . me ? i mix of a bunch of things . uninspired and lazy , but hopeful yet scared for next week to come . more ... hmmm , i don't really mind it at all , honestly . maybe it's because weather ( and nature ) in general really interests me , so i enjoy talking about it . however , i also don't seem to mind most small talk ... oooh i bet that's so exciting , and relieving , too ! congrats to you ! that is a great accomplishment :p roud : . sorry is undoubtedly one of my most used words . however , i know that i use it in two different ways , at the very least . - the first way i use it is to apologize . there's no denying that i do ... that's a good point you bring up , snail . i never looked at it that broadly . still , though , in the overall scheme of things , i think there are more positives than negatives that come from it . thinking ... oh my gawwwd i love this song so much . it is perfect . the voice , the instruments ... aaah ! ! - - sorry , i somehow posted this in the wrong thread . > . > there are many things i can do , but there is one underlying theme throughout each of these ... ~ do not let myself think ! if i can distract my mind , i will start feeling better in most cases ... if i remember right , i'll be taking ... - french conversation - french literature - ge english - contemporary mathematics - sociology ( of altruism & compassion ) - - - super excited for this one ! - gay ... sexual orientation doesn't relate at all to mcdonald's ( as far as i'm aware ) , but that isn't really important . if you pay attention to commercials , the majority of them nowadays don't even relate to ... i'm allergic to cats , but i cannot resist petting them . i don't usually regret it , but every so often , the fluffy long-furred cats get to me and i end up regretting ever petting them . this is a tricky question , so i'll try to answer as best as i can ... there are two types of physical attraction for me : shallow physical attraction and deep physical attraction . when i am truly ... i'm currently in a relationship with an infp and i've never felt this happy before . it's only been 9 months , but it has only become stronger and stronger . we balance each other out very well , in ... it'd be fun to come , but that's unfortunately a few days after i leave southern cali to go back up north . boo ! ah well ... hope you guys have fun :) . i thought he was an infj while reading the book . such a great book . right , i'm aware of that , sorry if it seemed like i was saying that's the cause of homelessness . what i was trying to say was that drugs are extremely prevalent here , so there's a pretty high chance ... sometimes yes , sometimes no . i'm not going to lie to myself to make myself seem like a better person than i am . every time i pass a homeless person , my heart aches deeply ; ideally , i'd like to give ... lately , extreme extroverts have been getting to me . well , to be more accurate , super loud people . i love them , but sometimes , the energy level is just ... too ... much ! i am a meat lover , but decided to give up eating all meat eight months ago . it has been extremely hard at times , but it's worth it . i can't lie , meat still tempts me just as much as it used to , but ... i'm 19 . seems to be a common age around here . i absolutely love languages . i know i'm not the best , but i seem to be pretty skilled at learning them . i plan on majoring in french and have taken 4 years of spanish ; i can hold mediocre ... haha , not really ... i don't have a very good sense of smell . :( but , i think even though i can't usually smell peoples ' scents , they do have different effects on me and cause me to feel different ... possibly , she does have a boyfriend , but i don't know how serious of a relationship it is . and no , i really don't think she's homophobic , she wouldn't have called me her best friend in the past if ... congrats ... queen ? leaves ? queen of leaves ? leafy ? : s anyways yes , regardless of what you'd like to be called , congrats ! * hugs * after rustling in bed for about 2 hours trying to fall asleep , i have finally succumbed to my non-sleepiness and come on here in hopes of getting sleepy . :p roud : i told one of my best friends back home that i had a boyfriend . how'd it go ? well , she's been ignoring my calls and only responding to a few of my messages . one of the main reasons i came down to san ... i will remain calm and argue my point , but if the person i'm arguing with continues to attack me and not see the other side , my emotions come out in full force : my lip quivers , tears linger in my ... being a lazybutt browsing the forums in bed . i am happy and anxious - about 23 more hours till i get to be beck at my heart's home . :p roud : aw , thanks for the compliment : 3 . yup yup , you're also right . i have been able to do small things , but i feel like i always regress back to square one . i guess i need some more determination , it's ... thanks for the response , queen : 3 . you're right , i do need to just do it . that's actually what i've been trying , but i get scared mid-track . i think i'm so afraid of just being myself because , not ... for my entire life , i ’ ve had terrible self-confidence . i am a self-stunted flower afraid to fully bloom . my reinforced petals are curled inward , shrouding my core and protecting me from anything that ... gosh yes , i hate it . although , i must say , i have gotten better at sticking up for myself . usually when i do , though , someone gets shocked at my out of character behavior and can't actually focus ... people have called me selfless quite a lot . ... that always make me laugh , it's so damn far from the truth . well , my question was in the last sentence ... i'll reword it : how can i avoid unintentionally hurting others ? edit : hehe , that's funny ! a wiki article on it ! hello , so , first off , take out the image of what you see me as out of your head . replace it with a hedgehog : small , docile , and conflicted ... studying , what i do best . i love the names shiloh and autumn . if i had to guess , i'd say intj . reading can be fun , but it's hard for me to focus . i have other things i'd rather do , making reading a seemingly impossible task sometimes . there have been some books i absolutely love , but i prefer ... i am , for lack of a better word , an agnotheist ... as in i don't really know what the heck god is , but i believe in some form of a god or gods . it could be energy , it could be a spirit , it could be a ... '