' edit : i forgot what board this was on . i am currently reading ' artemis fowl : the eternity code ' by eoin colfer and ' the shepherd's crown ' by terry pratchett and ' snow blind ' by christopher golden hi all , if you've got some spare time and why else would you be on spam world , can you vote on this please more talent in my little finger frenemy face off who is more of a creative genius , simon ... babymetal are the best band of this decade banned for being a fire hazard . a win would be nice about now . you can't really get on with other things tho because you have to keep an eye or an ear out for your number to be called . plus you have to put up with all the annoyingness of the ear ache that is the ... lately i've been reading a lot of graphic novels 347026 as an esfp i need books to be fast paced . if there's a slow start or a lull in the action , i end up doing something else . like reading ... are we rough ? we certainly can be . have a look at prison stats . i think you'll find a higher percentage of sps in there , relative to our percentage out here . ... do you agree ? do you think the school system affects sps in a negative way ? yes freedom to not answer that many questions ! prone to self destruction in ways that hurt the people around her . in other words i self destruct by doing / saying things that push people away . is why my long term friends are just the people who can ... this is just a note to myself to let me know i've updated my results table to this point . 5 ' 11 and i was 21 when i grew that last inch . i know , that's the worrying thing ! you have the attention span of a moth amongst fireflies . i think really what it means is acceptable vs unacceptable . or even weird vs normal . the term personality disorder was almost certainly thought up by an stj . thanks for letting me know about the broken link , here try this personality disorder test before anyone says anything , i know the similar minds test isn't very serious and makes everyone seem crazy when in fact most people do not have a real personality disorder . this thread is about personality types and personality disorders ... take this test paranoid my score : 67 % internet average : 50 % schizoid | ... some symptoms of histrionic personality disorder be uncomfortable unless he or she is the center of attention dress provocatively and / or exhibit inappropriately seductive or flirtatious behavior ... esfp negative traits may be seen by others as unnecessarily coarse in their behaviour and life choices . may be unable to value or may ignore the preferences and needs of others . may perceive ... not really weird . firstly the mods would crack down on any real hate . secondly us esfps are all about the drama . in other words we make mountains out of mole-hills . thanks for all the replies both past and future . this is really quite fascinating . is there any real difference between the negative traits of an esfp personality type and histrionic personality disorder ? sit on my face and tell me that you love me ... - monty python banned for spouting nonsense . usually the original version of a song is best but sometimes just sometimes the cover is better than the original . here is a place to post amazing covers that beat the originals . ... in contrast to the above : when people are humourless tumblr-escapee social justice warriors .  yeah i'm usually the creepy one but sometimes someone surprises me . i knew it would . banned for inhaling when you said you didn't . banned because i'm english and that's all you're getting regarding my geographical location . banned for caring where she lives , stalker ! it's everyone else who's bonkers ! - kate winslet as juliet hulme in ' heavenly creatures ' . love that movie sooo much ! is there a correlation between mbti type and religious belief ? i would think that there is . my assumptions would be that nts are the most likely to be atheists . sjs are most likely to have the same ... * agrees * you're going to take the whole country with you ? this i must see . are you a super villain ? this thread : fat bozo improving relationships is a good answer . i think my girlfriend and i understand each other better now that we know that i'm an esfp and she's an intj . mostly because she now ... when have you ever used mbti for a practical purpose ? i know you're just having a laugh but it's fun to pretend you're being serious so ... 1 . silly lies 2 . more silly lies 3 . ever heard of scotland ? 4 . guns are bad m'kay . 5 . i'm a witch and i'm ... ai.tran . 75 for being a spiffy human being . fat bozo for being perc's answer to homer simpson . pancaketreehouse for being both a flirt and a gentleman . probably for having a pretty avatar . ... not sure what happened to the mycroft pictures 1st 2nd ... best sherlock 1st place 2nd place ... banned for reminding me of this awesomeness rofl , if you expect that from an esfp , you don't know what an esfp is . substantial , not fallacious . lol stop please stop . are you offering any financial incentive for these miracles you're ... '