' public speaking is my nightmare i always feel like an outsider . i just like to talk with just one person . if another person joins our conversation , i'll become quieter and awkward . just tell her the truth , and say that you don't want to hurt her feelings well , we're actually good friend , but this time i can't talk to her , because she always critics me . i think she's mad at me and i asked her , she said no , but she ignores me since then . it's really ... i most of them , but sometimes they're too social i can be aggressive if someone hurt someone that i love . or you took my freedom away . just asking , how actually to make you guys happy around us ( isfps ) ? enfp because they're so caring i know one estj , he doesn't agree with everything i said . he pissed me off most of the times . estj and entj , estj confuse me most of the time thanks ! ! ! i love your personality too ! you guys are so caring , and helped me a lot ! how do you guys read people soo well ? ? all esfjs i met read other people really good . not only just people's motive but thoughts too . 15 i think i can . i can sense someone hiding something from me . my dream is to be a director of films or a designer . but i really want to be a director . hello :) i really want to be an enfp , but that's impossible for me . but now i accept who i really am . yes ! ! ! i thought i'm the only one :D the piano guys ! they're really cool :) yes , i believe in god . he's the most important for me . i only know one istj , he's a boring person and too structure for me . i never met any other istj , so i can't judge a personality with only just one person . but you can give it a go . art is the only way to runaway without leaving home twyla tharp i like singing , but i have the worst voice in the world . i can really singing if someone teach me , like in choir ( i was in choir once ) . basically i sing to entertain myself . why i don't have a boyfriend ? dear anonymous , i know that you're hiding something , why don't you just open to me ? me i just curios with what you guys think of isfp . answer honestly :) i'm really bad at public speaking . i often get stage fright and shaking like a chihuahua are you guys ever experienced this too ? do you guys like performing ? i love performing like dancing and acting . and you ? i like dancing . i had a ballet course when i was little , i actually like it even though i'm consider not so good at it . i have to stop it because i have asthma every time the course finish . i danced ... honestly i can't answer this question . exfx personalities . sometimes yeah , because i'm really different than any other of my friends . i'm good in math , but not handling with money . to be honest i don't like math . i thought i'm the only one who have this problem . yes , i'm sensitive but also depends with who i'm with . i would if no one want to start a conversation . i kinda hate awkward moments . no , it's like you feel it and you know the answers but something holds your tongue . don't worry you're not the only one . it happens to me too :) , i'm pretty sure that i'm an isfp . we can't divide our personalities exactly , because every human is different than the others . eating made me smile today :) i have an esfj classmate . i think he likes me ( i often heard some joke that he likes me , winks at me ( more than one time ) , sometimes he's a bit flirty and he acts a bit weird around me ) . but he ... i'm sorry but i don't think it works . i have an estj classmate , he always annoy me . but if you want to try , it's ok . semoga sukses :) i love enfp personality . many of my classmates are enfp , they're fun , loving , warm , kind , always there for you and always bring the best of others . i always show it with actions . i'm a really bad speaker . people always think that i'm hiding something from them . i like listening , but depends if i like the person . dear infp and enfp , thank you for being with others when they needed it . with love , isfp dear estj , you're the most intelligent and logical of all . everyone in the world aren't the same as you , not think like you and some have a really sensitive feelings . could you just be quiet if ... dear esfj , i like your personality . you are charming , sensible , smart , kind and cool . but just only one thing : could you think before you speak , please ? you can hurt people if you're not aware of ... as a child i got bullied , i see people quite differently now ( negative way ) . when i was a child i was really loud , i hurt people ( verbally ) and lost some friends . i'm became really quite now than i ... i'm a flexible person . i can adapt to most situations . my friends call me a really nice person . i don't take sides . people say that i'm a really creative person . '