' i try to have a uniform . for work , i have nice skirt suits and shirts , all neutral colors . nothing too overtly feminine , i find it annoying . especially when the same women wearing a pink polka ... what i analyze most : how weird people must think i am all the ways i am unlike esfjs how much i want to tell esfjs to shut up patriarchal societies different religions how to make the most ... this is my dream guy . this is exactly how i would like to handle all of my arguments . beautiful . i grew up with two intj parents , so i never really witnessed emotional arguing in public . more ... to all infps ... males especially . i am dating an amazinggg infp . everything is going fabulously . we have not had a fight yet . i am terrified to know what will happen when we do have a fight . i am ... i have been very open about how i express my feeling side with him - and how i am self conscious about coming off as cold or too blunt . also how sometimes i get upset and i have no idea why , or ... i'm interested in your perspective : how do you think the entp / infp dynamic would change if its a female entp and male infp ? strange combo i know , as both types are rare . but i find myself in a ... see , that's what i'm afraid of ... don't play the player hahaha find an entp girl . they are the most introverted of e types , and they find you to be sooo amazing . as an entp girl , i always try to find nice guys . i have never been attracted to the asshole , ... all my intp ex-boyfriend used to listen to was bruce springsteen . bruceee ! ! ! i often use the word irrelevant . i find many shallow people to not be worth my time . but then i realize how evil this sounds ... i firmly believe that i should be loving everyone , regardless of ... she's fucking awesome when she's not actively passively aggressively trying to push you away . i think i have said several ex-boyfriends say this ... maybe you are right ... :) are infj guys players ? i just went out with this guy and realized he was definitely dating around and it really turned me off . he just got divorced so i am guessing he is just having a little ... first , hear her side of the story out . entj women want you to know their side of things , and they expect their side of things to be acknowledged and fully understood first . i am guessing that her ... someone who isn't afraid of conflict , and makes me feel safe . why does this entp seem to withdraw in skype-text after a fun day together ? i get exhausted after being around someone for a long time . i need to relax and process and get my thoughts together , ... when you put it that way ... i am a 7w8 all the way . this is confusing . my female boss is an istj and we get along so well ! it's funny , because we are total opposites ( i love the gray vs . black & white comparison ) . we clicked instantly . she is straight and to the point , ... brilliant . love you infjs . i / e by how they look at other people s / n is hard ! but if they are in conversation i can spot intuitives because they are more in their head and they smile to themselves a lot . you can tell there ... the thats illogical variant - continuous questioning of the other person to gather info - then disregards the other person's feelings and morals as illogical i identify with this the most . i am ... sometimes i like to obsessively clean . or ... cook a five course steak dinner , explore a city , stay up all night researching space , come up with 20 different business plans , create reading lists so ... yes , exactly . the only problem i have encountered with guys with se physicality is that they never seem to have the level of intuition to have great conversation ... and i don't find s humor very ... i have different zones for different things . i have an artistic zone when i paint - which is probably the closest thing to mania that i experience . i get this crazy high feeling and feverishly ... i don't have kids , but i definitely am the friend that tells my other girl friends to toughen up and stand up for themselves in bad relationships , job interviews , etc . ( actually , i tell the same ... who seems like they are hiding more ? the intp sitting alone at home finishing off a case of beer and watching snl reruns , analyzing the text they sent to a girl last week . or the entp with a ... warning : initially the most open , fun , and exciting person you will ever meet . will establish intimacy and intrigue stronger than you have ever had before with another person . then one day they will ... i am having this exact same dilemma . i thinkkk i am a 8w7 . i am sx / so / sp . i am playful and witty but deep down i am very serious and intentional . i have very strong values and i am very bothered by ... hi ! i am an entp female too ! let's chat ! intelligent guys are usually intimidated by me ... or maybe i am not attracted to them because they have always relied on their intelligence and not their physical dominance - and i am really into ... i would like to think he is an entp ... he is an entp in his existential / minimalist philosophies that are definitely not sensing characteristics . he is very big picture in whatever he does ... : happy : self-improvement is masturbation . tyler durden - fight club x93there are two kinds of pain . the sort of pain that makes you strong , or useless pain . the sort of pain thatx 92s only suffering . i have ... i just finished grad school - that led to an awesome career in business . i liked school , but that was because i focused on the classes and learning methods i enjoyed ( case studies , debates , theory , ... thank you for your insight ! your son sounds like a great kid . get him involved in sports and he will be an excellent leader from his dedication and enthusiasm ! i am also a very physical , sporty ... i absolutely do not think that intuitive people are smarter than sensors ( not really wanting to get into that debate ) . in fact , i am very jealous of sensors , which is one of the reasons why i ... haha yes , old thread . and yes , the loyalty really is attractive . trust is never easy for me so i think that ride-or-die commitment is a must in whoever i date - as i am a bit afraid of commitment ... this sounds exactly my my relationship with an estp guy . pros : we are totally partners in crime , goofy , ambitious , fun and adventure-seeking . he brings me more into the moment and reminds me not ... well ... about 3 weeks into hanging out with this isfp guy . i have been having tons of fun in a friend kind of way , casually flirting here and there ( which i do with everyone ) , and then i find out ... i am a female entp and i am majorly into this isfp guy that i just met . he is sooo sweet . the word that instantly came to mind was adorable , but in a sexy masculine way . he actually listens to me ... this could not be more accurate ! ! ! my boyfriend is an estp ( im an entp ) and this describes him exactly . we have a great friendship , love exploring new things , meeting new people , and playing sports ... '