' with what you already know about her and the info attached , how would you type salma hayek ? looking it up may alter your judgement so trust your own thinking . ... thanks for pointing that out . i didn't notice that it mentioned infps giving ingenuine compliments and about the phone calls . i as well try to avoid the phone as much as possible and if i compliment , ... this is one of the most accurate descriptions of myself that i've seen . i wonder if it just best describes me or the majority of infps . please let me know what you think . infp - the dreamer what if most people in my life hurt me ? now i'm beginning to see it as my own issue . my own misunderstanding . i've leaned that asking them why they did so and so doesn't work . and i feel fortunate ... it's a secret ... only both our minds can understand i will do all i can to enjoy , experience , and understand life better . why not take advantage of all the wonders the world has given us ? you may enjoy this documentary . ... aww poor little kitty . i want to kiss it . loosing loved ones . never finding my person who understands me and loves me for who i am . not being able to protect my loved ones . not being able to show my loved ones how how much they mean to me ... forgiving eccentric deep authentic moral protective mysterious spontaneous loving creative first , i want to tell you that you sound very intelligent . i would never have guessed you are only 15 . maybe the struggles you've been going through made you grow that much as a person . i'm curious ... beautiful things ? attractive woman ? what do you find attractive and beautiful ? 6553165532 6553365534 65536 ype = 2 & theater 65512 65514 6551565516 ype = 3 & theater iamorangetoday and everyone else i can very much relate to your experiences . as a teen , i felt like everyone was playing a game of which the rules were not explained to me . to this day , i feel ... welcome to our world of curiosity and self expression ! i looked up the definition of the word debate . it's a discussion where people reason with opposing view points . this is definitely something that i enjoy doing . it's doesn't matter if i'm right or ... you just seem to be a more concrete / superficial thinker rather than an abstract / deep thinker . it's just my opinion from a few posts so filling out the questionnaire may be more accurate . pm me ? sorry don't know what that means . if you what help figuring out your type , fill out this questionnaire , and i will give you my best evolution . ... haha i know what you meant . even figuratively , you can never act like an enfp if you are an infp just because you don't sit in the corner quietly all the time . enfps act completely different in every ... many introverts function like this . they can even loose the quietness around certain personalities even if they are strangers . introversion doesn't necessarily mean quietness or calmness ... most would say that your way is an intelligent way of handling social situation because through this , you make it easier for yourself instead of dealing with conflict . i personally just do not ... thought that infp porn could use some of ... 64470 64468 64469 it's like you taken the words out of my mouth with this whole post . and we always seem to find the paradox in everything right ? the deciding fast whether i like a person in minutes have had it's ... i don't have a problem throwing away things that i did not have for long or do not have a connection with , but i do instantaneously assume that many objects are alive . i need a new car , but cannot ... forgot to mention howl's moving castle is a good example of infp and intj relationship . i felt most intense magnetic pull towards intjs than any other type . i met 5 through my life . you both know it's a connection at first sight . as it has already been mentioned a few times , they are ... this comment made me smile . first , i know a few intj's pretty well in real life . i haven't read the book , but what i retained from the film depicts him an intj . keep in mind that howl's ... howl from howls moving castle it's a great but a difficult question . personally , i would be deeply hurt if my love became emotionally close with another woman strangely , it would not be as painful if it was another man because , ... 1 . eternal sunshine of spotless mind 2 . the incredibles 3 . a beautiful mind 4 . a christmas story 5 . howl's moving clastle thank you for explaining . it is very fortunate that you can move on so easy , and it's great that you choose not to focus on the negative things . from my experience with intj , they can be very ...  i'm disappointed by this threads so far . coming from the daydreamers ? really ? to me sex can be many different things . of course all have to be with a very special person . always , i want to ... i wouldn't know what other type i'd rather be . thus far i have been satisfyingly successful but naturally do want more . with this being said , i wouldn't say life is extremely difficult but not ... i think this is very interesting because meeting someone so much like you is quite enlightening . for the longest time , i did not realize how many infps i knew . even though , the personality type is ... if you're not drawing , maybe you shouldn't be drawing ? what do you spend most of your time doing ? hate . injustice . violence . misunderstanding . manipulation for selfish gain ( usually it's incredibly polite and most seem to be oblivious to it ) . unfaithfulness . slander . revenge ... your posts stand out for some reason . i would appreciate if you elaborated . do intjs not enjoy hearty debates or was there something that you didn't like about the debate with the intj ? or was it ... mirrorghost is right about being very careful who you are honest with . it's all about figuring out who can handle it and who cannot . although i find it difficult to judge that . sometimes intuition ... i had these thoughts many times . i want to be open / honest with people , because i expect them same from them . openness and honesty supposed to help with the understanding between one another . however , ... idntknw most go through this sooner or later . it's nothing more than a phase . like sai said it could possibly be an evolution of your mind as it moves into a new level . it maybe a sign that you ... first , socionics provide no data that dual partners have most fluent communication in comparison to other types . there are many ways in which my dual roommate and i do not understand one another ... & defiant ... that sounds interesting . can you elaborate ? from observing relationships around me and thinking about my previous ones , i've leaned that partners will always have factors ... one of my roommates is estj , my dual according socionics . we get along fine . although we are both helpers / givers so we encounter odd situations with that . additionally our passions lie else where so ... i'm sorry that you had such a difficult time with your boss and that you only had negatives to share . why won't you just go work for someone else if you feel that you are much competent than her ? ... even with what you said about a switch that happens , complete opposites do not make sense either . don't you think it's best if you have some common ground in your personality ? and yes i am % 100 ... please do share , i'm very curious ... i would never beg for money . it's difficult to believe that another infp would . i do have a close intj friend that sound a lot like you . same paranoia about ... '