' if your humorless sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk i'll take any fxck ups that trump does and trust me there will be a lot of them . haha . over what hillary was capable of doing her agenda was way worse , probably would've sent us to war to be honest ... infjs know the impact of words whether it be good or bad , i'm sure he called you beautiful because he meant it ... otherwise he would've said your pretty or something more subtle . i'm sure he does ... i think infjs have just a genuine interest in others , just as much as they can see people's character flaws they recognize their strengths . they only point out the flaws of people that they're close ... i really don't think the joker is a p because he has a sequence to everything he does and it all falls in accordance to his plans . he always seems to be one step ahead of everyone even batman being ... indecisiveness is the infjs number one most hated expression . they take things serious and are very loyal when committed . unfortunately they are very reluctant to make a move or expose their ... i think infjs just like intjs make solid decisions on who they'd consider a friend and a potential partner . but will have strong feelings for those close to them so it would be hard for some of them ... although esfp can exhaust your se they are a little accommodating i'm sure an infj will take the lead in this relationship in my opinion it would be a good match unlike thinking types you guys will ... i always laugh at my own jokes and think to myself man i'm hilarious ! [ emoji 23 ] sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk the whole win the mind then the heart cliche hahaha so by win her mind should i like try to impress her by unloading a ton of information that most people dont care to know like , albert ... thanks for the honest advice [ emoji 4 ] sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk no i haven't really , i've refrained from asking / saying certain questions that might expose my feelings but only because intjs can be harsh at times and not even notice . i forgot to mention from the ... i can relate that is what i experienced with one of my exs but i think i was the one acting irrational = its the lack of trust and insecurities that break up relationships . sent from my ... i have to agree with you , good insight . sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk had this been an enfp it would've been resolved a long time ago . i probably wouldn't have even had to say much before i opened my mouth an enfp would've decided for me . hahaha * just kidding * ... it's that akwardness that will probably push us away or cause tension . and it's my dignity that i've strongly preserved throughout this time that i have to lose . anyone that says they wouldnt get ... ainfj males can stubborn by nature and even though we don't like to admit it we feel intensely , especially when we become interested in someone . you probably didn't know but he was probably ... any one of those questions i'd be scared to ask ... intj woman i feel have a little more sense of humor she'll probably laugh before answering any one of those if she gives me an answer at all ... intj vs infj battle looks a little something like this haha sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk if the kiss she gave you meaned anything then she will fear losing you . but your right all judgeing types need closure wether it be good or bad . otherwise it's the kind of thing that keeps us up at ... im 24 she's about to turn 23 we are both not currently going to school but do plan on going back . i can tell she feels comfortable around me but i don't think it's enough to validate anything . i ... that was the problem you put him 2nd and lost his trust . infjs are known to hold grudges for long periods of time so who knows if he's willing to give you another chance ? give him space i'm sure he ... for the most part i'm sure i've done most of what you suggested already . she definitely trust me and shows me consideration but i cant tell if she sees me as a friend or potential partner . and ... no matter how smart she is i fear she lacks maturity . i suggest you don't show frustration and hangout with her less . she needs to know that your world doesn't revolve around her . it sounds like she ... for those that are oblivious to how the other person may feel about them . which is kinda hard to tell with both these types to begin with . it can change the chemistry or just make it awkward . things ... i guess your right ... i cant argue with an intjs logic for the most part they are usually right and have know exactly what they want . haha and infjs are usually very understanding . both can be ... i feel like intjs are quick to get over things . when my intj ex girlfriend broke up with me it was because logically she knew that it wasn't going to work out . had the circumstances been different ... if i get rejected i just fear i'll take it against her ... it hurts but i'm more mature now . you really can force someone to like you if they don't in that way . i will probably get upset but will ... ouii mate throw another shrimp on the barbie . hahaha jk again i don't know if any of what your saying is helpful to me ... i don't understand or chose to understand a damn thing your saying ... on another note your right about mental stimulation . wether it be sharing interesting ideas and opinions or just humour the exchange in conversation has to be mutual . small talk is just a big waste ... i guess the whole point of my questions is more for comfort rather than advice . there is no doubt that both infjs and intjs find one another intriguing and attract each other naturally . we are the ... i know what you mean it's more the walls we set up we both have intellectual conversations . i feel like the only one that match me is an intk or enfj but i have no idea really if she's into me ... huh ? i stopped reading half way on 2nd thought its tooo much trouble hahaha sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk the infj paradox is the mysterious and confusing aloofness that ni portrays yet the strong feelings and warmth that fe provides . an infj cares very much about anyone they've made a connection with in ... i'm an infj male and i have the utmost patience and understanding , but intj's are hard to read to begin with even for an infj it can be stressful at times . i suspect that my intj female friend is ... haha it's seems like that , they only get intrigued at times . sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk thanks man im still new to this thing would i be able to just forward it ? sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk i'm an infj male and i have the utmost patience and understanding , but intj's are hard to read to begin with even for an infj it can be stressful at times . i suspect that my intj female friend is ... sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk for the most part yeah they are haha . they just aren't as empathetic as other types would like them to be . i actually have a couple of intj friends i still hangout with girl and guy . they are fun to ... i imagine as a feeler it's hard for you too not let things get to you or affect your character . i'm also a diplomat sometimes our feelings get the best of us and drive us . but piece of advice don't ... i'm curious on knowing what's your type ? sent from my samsung-sm-g 360az using tapatalk i dated a couple of intj girls and it's stressful we really are just amused by each other in the beginning but i found myself bumping heads with them either male or female they are strong minded , ... yeah not being typist but they can be . i have a isfp friend that also had a intj bf he broke it off with her recently and she's been obsessed with getting back with him . the worst part is he had ... an infj would probably be more open or willing than an intj in trying new things . fe tends to be more accommodating , usually infjs take relationships serious and want to satisfy their partners , ... also intps are awesome ! very smart and funny . they are also very honest and trustworthy . my brother is a intp and he could be the only person i trust . so stay awesome . sent from my ... i only know what i see and experience and i've never been in a relationship with an isfp . also a male isfp could be very different can't say , i don't think ive ever met a male isfp i only know a few ... i'm interested in knowing what intjs think of infjs ? i think they can become arch enemies at times but still intrigue one another in some weird way . like the joker and batman kind of way . haha ... '