' the difference is one is an enfp and one is an entp . stuff like ' ' emotional sensitivity ' ' won't help you any because people's emotional states are variable based on upbringing , culture , life ... this mostly applies to immature enfps . i'm seeing an enfp boy right now and none of these apply to him . - - - things that irk me about enfps : - - sanctimonious , easily offended crybabies who ... warning : communicates primarily via hyperbole and sarcasm . [ this would be mostly for my own sake , because i'm sick to death of being ' ' corrected ' ' by people when i was exaggerating and being silly ... 1 ) do you ever make plans about your future ? yes . 2 ) how do you perceive other people ? irritating , mostly . 3 ) what do you think about society ? yes . when i was little , between the ages of 5 and 7 , i had a recurring dream . not a whole lot happened in it ; i was simply paralyzed in the middle of a road , and a car was bearing down on me . i always ... i don't like the science but the science likes me am polyamorous also . have i mentioned sex or looks or any variation thereof anywhere in this thread ? ' ' emotional needs ' ' are in constant flux along with one's mental health . a chronically mistreated , stressed and unhappy intp is going to have higher need for emotional support than a happy and stable ... intps are judgement dominant [ ti ] and entps are perception dominant [ ne ] that's the definitive difference , and it's quite a big one . they speak a similar language , but the way they approach the ... he is no entp . i don't see ne-ti in his thinking . ' ' regardless of gender , feelers prefer making decisions with their heart , and are naturally more sensitive , empathetic , warm and communal . asking for promotions or putting themselves first ain't ... yes , we already know that birds and insects and fish can see spectrums of light that we can't . also , colour blindness is more complex than simply being unable to perceive colour . i'm pretty sure that's the entire driving force of scientific enquiry . i'm saying they generally have some level of self respect . and then they eat you alive . stay out of the long grass . i see you missed the ' ' rare and exotic creature ' ' part of my post and the suggestion they don't like that . they're the ones walking off because you talk about them like they're a rare and exotic creature you want to add to your weirdo collection . forget him . you deserve better . your sleep schedule isn't related to your type . this is an overly simplistic description of fe . fe is not sheeplike . you can gauge the moral consensus around you and still disagree with it . the primary aspect of fe is that it * looks outward * , ... all of those can be traits of enfps . they're pretty broad enp traits . he's not ' ' slightly ' ' , he's ' ' very ' ' . dude is fi out the wazoo - he goes bonkers if he can't stay in line with his ethical ... he's an enfp . his wife is the entp . what lol . i can't think of anything that would function as a clarion call for entps . maybe free cheesecake . certainly not ethics . he sure does . turn on : money turn off : no money they're probably mistyped . and / or stubbornly refusing to acknowledge they are actually infps . i think in order to really , truly focus on something an ne dom has to ' ' suspend ' ' ne and switch to ti , or somehow curtail their ne with ti . ti is laser-focused and unstoppable when you're on a roll ... i wrote something once about how the joker was ' ' ne squared ' ' . and not just because of his randomness / chaotic nature , but his entire mindset , and the whole ' ' super sanity ' ' concept grant morrison ... good food early spring days when the temperature is just right genuinely kind people the smell of coffee baby animals the click / rush of euphoria when you suddenly understand something i used to zone out terribly in social situations and got picked on for it a lot . i've gotten better at focusing though . it was mostly due to stress / anxiety . i kind of cracked up when she talked about being ' ' wired ' ' because a tj's concept of ' ' wired ' ' is nothing like a tp's ntj : jamie hyneman ntp : adam savage ntj : the brain ntp : pinkie ntj : dr bunsen ntp : beaker how hard is it to stay out of a thread if you have no interest in the subject at hand ? my 9th grade science teacher told us this story once about how he was camping out in the bush , and he awoke in the middle of the night and knew he had to leave or something terrible would happen . he ... this one time i was hanging out with some friends on a sofa bed . there was maybe 3 or 4 of us just chillin ' . then , at the exact same moment , we all screeched and dived under the covers . ' ' did you ... thanx bro his justfications for his actions are all very very fe based . whether or not he's being honest or dishonest or spoon fed or whatever doesn't change that ... i have no idea what point you're trying to make tbf . i would rather eat my own face than work in a call center . those set me off pretty bad . oh well i guess the matter is closed , because you know one racist isfj . oh , god . all three of these things can make me borderline homicidal . yes ? how you process the world [ ie your cognitive functions ] informs your mindset ? what's the issue ? yep i definitely do this . i also imagine myself speaking to an audience sometimes instead of 2 people arguing . i did this a while ago and i'm too lazy to redo it lol , but i'm definitely left-libertarian like apparently every other nt here . perhaps we should start some kind of lefty syndicate . morons . unearned authority . sanctimonious people . yes ... ? not sure what your point is . you seriously think a person's chosen career doesn't reflect their philsophy and personality ? ok . what on earth do you think cognitive functions are if they don't reflect a particular mindset ? ... '