' confusion . someone just showed me his inner feelings and now he ignores me ( because of that ? ) . me not noticing that someone is taking a picture , in my own little world :   i've told you everything about me but i don't really know that much about you .  i'm also from finland och jag kan också tala svenska . nice to notice that i'm not the only finn here . :) enfp's rock because they shine and make others shine too . i feel lost and numb . this feeling of nothingness scares the hell out of me . the cutest creatures alive : here's another psychology major . spss , numbers , confusion . i'm definitely drawn to people whose souls are older than mine . they make me feel that i can learn a lot from them , that they can help me to grow . i love being around people who make me want to ... i can't say that i like my body or that i'm proud of it . it just is . i really wish i could love my body . and i'm sure i will . someday .  happiness is contagious . full of love . maybe that's the reason why i like these colors so much . i love avocados ! right now these are my favorite colors : theodoros stamos - untitled ( 1971-72 ) i love these : dancer in the dark ( 2000 ) the hours ( 2002 ) spring , summer , fall , winterx 85 and spring ( 2003 )  theodoros stamos - deseret joan mitchell - hudson river day line when i'm really upset i close my eyes and think of waterfalls . that calms me down . these : this is exactly why the phrase hold that thought doesn't make any sense to me . i did this game too ( but i won't post my answers , because they are in my lovely mother tongue ) . apparently : i have a very small , fast changing ego but i am extremely easy to read . i have ... well said ! i totally agree . i couldn't fall in love with a guy / girl , who has blank eyes . thank you . : blushed : and i'm sure you would look absolutely gorgeous with a shaved head . you have such a beautiful face ! i feel the same way about her . : happy : but she could be an infp . aren't her reactions quite infp-ish ?  my best friend ( who is also my sister ) is an isfj . she's amazing : understanding , caring , kind , patient , sweet ... when i'm with her i can be myself , because i know that she accepts me for who i am ... thank you . : happy : i really like your eyes too . they are so piercing and deep . i hate that i'm so afraid of the people i love the most . i'm afraid of them , because i'm afraid of love . i'm not afraid to love , but to receive love . a couple of years ago i shaved my head because i wanted to start a new , better period in my life . it was like a fresh start to me . sitting on a balcony , drinking tea and watching the sunrise / sunset . i ( infp ) have been in a relationship with an enfp , and i think our relationship was built on this idealistic connection . we could talk for hours about anything and nothing , existence and ... i took the childlike qualities test too and got : somewhat adultlike you scored 79 % trust 63 % spontaneity , and 11 % worldliness an adult with the heart of a child . a nice person - people ... why don't you even try to understand me ? ! if i would have to describe my sexual orientation , i would say that i'm bisexual . fortunately , i have also had a chance to date both men and women . :) i got the same results . yeah , sure . just buy me a ticket and i'll be on my way . : laughing : i like mark rothko's paintings . i also like the name rothko because it's powerful and odd . oh , thanks ! : blushed : i used to hate them . i even cut them short when i was a child . fortunately they grew back . this is me ... '