' so strange that i relate to this entirely . i have thought about this many times and it is exactly the same : i would only feel comfortable with only a child ( no preference of gender , though ) , or only ... then stop . you're embarrassing yourself . even if you have friends ( hey , even if you have many ) from different heritages , you very clearly showcase elitist or supremacist views about your own ... i'm curious as to how she feels about other ethnic groups now , particularly those that are even further phenotypically from anglo-saxons than jews . : mellow : the rest of the world ? you delude ... jesus christ , esxjs . this is exactly the type of mentality that makes me lose faith in human interpersonal relations . are you aware of the logic you're using here ? that if a woman's children aren't ... i'm 19 , and i agree with psychosmurf and trainwreck . i think i'll put a picture up too . need to find that usb though ... : frustrating : an interesting point . i too have insomnia ; i'm also certifiably narcoleptic . needless to say , i rock the ... how about the star wars prequels ? i'd go on about how terrible they are , but perhaps mr . plinkett would better achieve that . cool thread . eyes : i don't know about the size ( perhaps large ) , but they do stand out since they're sleepy with permanent dark circles . nose : long , but average in profile . lips : full bottom lip , ... i have heard it . amnorvend's got it . ji and je are also used similarly . i haven't heard it used in a long time , so no guarantee of being correct on this , but i believe to be pe-dom , the ... i prefer the reading . however , hands-on learning can serve to better explain things . if ever i don't quite understand how a process works by study , i may attempt to demonstrate it via experiment ... i thought the same . that is what i and a few others i have spoken to seem to gather . the nf connection makes sense superficially because music is often an expression of deep emotion . the e thing , i figure , is mainly ... i am sure singing isn't just an extrovert / nf thing , as the stereotype would hold . do you enjoy it ? why / why not ? if so , how much ? ( for an audience , even ? or just by your lonesome ? ) how good are you at ... i've observed this exact phenomenon in me since i was about 11 . : mellow : i spend all summer happily by myself with almost no socialization . then i go back to school and i am totally awkward with ... i think of both as intps . particularly sagan ; i do not see enfj . elaborate ? ... and indiscriminate with the people whom you correct ? regardless of the position they're in ( boss , parent , social superior ) relative to you ? did you get in trouble with parents or authority figures ... one i introduced to the mbti ( and she subsequently took a test ) , the other claims to be intp by self-assessment ( and she is pretty similar to me , now that i think about it ) . i am here . : laughing : i do know at least two intps in real life . and both i met in real life , too ( in high school , no less ) . i can relate to both the new and old spock , although i think i can relate to the 2009 spock a little more . i can believe that the alternate reality-spock is an intp . ( i'm just not sure about tos's ... qui-gon , i've never really thought about but ... he could be . or an infp . i haven't watched phantom menace in a long time though . as for l vs . light , no way . if anything at all , it is yagami light ... spongebob - enfj squidward - istj barack - enfj , possibly also enfp michelle - ixtj marilyn - esfp helga - ? zuko - probably intj , though i don't actually watch that show . shaggy - esfp butters ? - ... 31 to 40 points ( 32 ) others see you as sensible , cautious , careful and practical . they see you as clever , giften or talented , but modest . not a person who makes friends too quickly or easily , ... no ( or rarely ) tears , but i know what you mean . thinking about some of the great times behind me sometimes makes me want to return to them , at least in my head . it used to be really , bad though . some ... when a product / service is less than satisfactory , do you ever complain ? how often ? of all my np friends , none of them do it and while i want to , i have never gotten up and complained . i know a couple ... at this point , i can only be certain that i am an intp . reading odd things like this and completely relating to them is no coincidence . i don't , but i would . i got a cactus for my birthday when i was a kid and ever since i've loved them . : laughing : might be a safety hazard , though ... i am becoming more and more convinced that it is indeed , despite the fact that i can't imagine living without the knowledge and understanding i have accumulated so far . is it possible that in some ... not all starfleet personnel are like that - - just the ixtjs , that i have noticed . but if we saw him dabbling in his hobbies more we would probably see something very reminiscent of an intp . and ... i have nightmares more than pleasant dreams , but i usually don't remember them anyway , i just wake up sore with a terrible sense of dread . last night i dreamt relatively pleasantly of a transhuman ... what do you intend by sci-fi sense vs real life ? i do not understand . why is it different whether he's real or a character in a fictional universe ? what i think you might mean is that as a real ... i skate and occasionally play tennis , and am interested in martial arts , but not currently active . i also used to run , but i am finding that i have less and less energy to do it anymore . i'm thin , ... while i don't play them religiously , i really like video games ( though not all - sports games and most hand-to-hand combat games like street fighter don't interest me at all ) . i find them more ... i see your point , and he might just have very poor fe , but even with my low feeling i'm not that uncompromising . whether or not he is sj-like because of his vulcan heritage or because of genetics is ... curious . i wonder why ? spock is an ixtj . he is definitely not an intp . his strict adherence to cold logic and only concrete evidence eliminates the possibility for being an intj ( ni dom , relies heavily on hunches ) , and ... as pretty much all intps enjoy intellectual stimulation and compounding knowledge , i thought it a great idea to create a place for us to take the vast information at our ready disposal ( the internet ... memento , pulp fiction , eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ... good films imo . doing stuff like this made me question my pness . : tongue : if this isn't a j trait , what is it ? i also do stuff like this and separate colored food snacks such as gummy bears and goldfish according ... i hate conversation , whether casual or formal . in real time , i don't feel like i have enough time to clear my thoughts or prepare them for translation . everything comes out so jumbled and messy ... for 32,35 % you are : personality b in lamens terms your personality name is “ the cheese hybrid ” a kind of “ the multifarious observer ” your genius level : ( based on a scale of 1-10 ) you scored : ... gah ! yeah , wow . i rock back and forth a lot , i have to twitch my leg too , and i bite my lip and / or knuckles . i notice there's some brow-furrowing , too . i always look irritated to people . : mellow : ... mostly sums up my thoughts on it as well ... interesting . thanks . i'm eager to see the other responses now , too ( although , you have said quite a lot in just that post that will likely cover most ... i am curious : what are your opinions on pascal's gambit ? do you think it is a reasonable rationale for theism / do you abide by it ( for lack of a better word ) ? if not , what are your grounds for ... it is scary how applicable most of these are to me . 1 . you wake up in the middle of the night with a brilliant idea that is completely impractical and canx 92t get back to sleep until youx 92ve worked ... hey , thanks for commenting you guys . i wasn't expecting to get this much insight on the topic . :p roud : i'm so uncomfortable with my own ideas and thought processes that i could never share my ... right-handed / footed ( can't kick with my left foot , although i didn't realize this until seeing this thread ) , left-eye dominant . as for my hemispheric preference , i am well balanced with a slight ... pfff , nice catch ! : crazy : it must've been subconscious . itnp - slow burn makes sense . i'm very nostalgic . it used to be unhealthy ; i'd keep things that had absolutely no worth and surprised even my feeler friends with such tendencies . this made me feel rather irrational , since even my ... this . self-study / confirmation is probably the best method by far . these are some good descriptions for each type : ( intp ) intp profile , personality test - kiersey temperament website ( architects ) ... '