' i'm usually very polite like the other people on this thread have said they are , even when the other person is being kind of an ass-hat . but i think part of the reason why i'm able to be polite in ... my mom calls me the cat whisperer . i have two cats at home and i'm sometimes alarmed by how much i love them . misunderstandings yeah , i love drama . i'm ashamed of it and i try to stop myself when i feel myself getting drawn into it , but it's exciting . i've acted out of spite when i've been told what to do in the past , especially when the person telling me is an e type , but i'm usually very aware of it . still , i wouldn't say that i'm a spiteful ... that would be really unfortunate ( for me , not him ) . so , should i just tell them to back off a little ? we play video games , watch movies , and walk around , talking usually . we're in high school , so we see each other everyday but are usually alone once or twice a week . so , i've been dating an intp for 2 months now and he still hasn't kissed me . personally , i don't think that kissing is that big of a deal / milestone in a relationship , but the fact that he hasn't is a ... let's say you're in a room with a guy who claims he has got super powers ( telekinesis ) . then he moves a mug on a table in front of you . i would assume it's some kind of trick and not make a big ... the best way to have him reflect would to probably act as if nothing happened -> wait a few weeks -> talk about something you saw / read which talked about a drunk driving statistic and talk about your ... hephaestus for an istp ? i heard that drummers tend to be better at it than most people ooo i'm not sure why , but it seems like it has to do with having to play with each of your limbs separately . <- this is just from word ... in japanese there is no future tense for verbs . in english the verb for to be would be have been , am being , an will be in the 3 basic tenses , but , in japanese , it would be deshita , desu , and desu . i think i'd mostly let my students to themselves , after giving them some instruction and work to do . i probably wouldn't do much discipline and if there was a problem ( either with a student's ... ok not even in the slightest . i was referring to an earlier comment about tom cruise , who is an istp , but is known for talking a lot on set . ^ ^ thanks for the advice ^ ^ but i think that even while focusing on the technical aspect of music , your emotions and the style you develop over the years will still show through . nevertheless , ... sure ^ ^ but i have to wait until i can get home to take some pictures . most of it's in pencil , so it may be hard to see . the only one i have on my computer is from when i was working on clothing ... most of my friends are musicians too , if it weren't for them i probably would have quit a long time ago > < not because i don't like them but because they're time consuming . it's the same for ... all my talent is in music , but i can't do technical or mechanical stuff very well , the mechanic doesn't match me at all ^ ^ ' did you buy it online ? all the high-quality cameras i've seen are new ... same with me xd do you make music too ? a friend of mine who likes to work with audio tech . mixes too . ^ ^ i like taking pictures too , but i don't have enough money for a new camera . i always ... mostly drums and piano skiing and swimming and learning japanese ^ ^ how long have you been learning norwegian ? earworms dargj 2 thanks , but just posting that made me feel better ^ ^ i was talking about mbti actually , to different people over a span of time , and got that reaction . it's probably mostly my ... this seems to be one of the more feelsy-threads , so i hope i'm not being annoying as i gush out a bit here . i wish that my parents and friends would take more time to listen to me when i talk ... you have no idea how happy i am to know that i am not the only one that did this . i usually can't think beyond those insults when i'm that angry xd but there way one time that i flung coke at my sister ... your boyfriend , being a t rather than an f , would probably come off as being less understanding of your emotions simply because they are not what he uses to make decision , and while emotions are ... i had thought about making an anthology featuring each of the different personality types before and the simple overview he gave really helped me understand the opposite personality traits better ... it takes a lot to get me angry , but when it does happen i'll get very flustered at first and start shaking . if i'm still being pushed then i'll usually react verbally by systematically disproving ... same here haha ^ ^ i had been looking for nicknames besides the mechanic when i found this i didn't even think to see if the thread was still active ' xp so , i found this from typologycentral.com fictionals han solo ( star wars ) jango fett ( star wars ) boba fett ( star wars ) darth maul ( star wars ) darth bane ( star wars expanded universe ) spike ... i especially relate with the risk taker and the realist , but not the sneaky spy <- i can't hide my emotions or motives at all i'm not sure if this is for all istps , but at least for me : the things i find most attractive are , 1 ) just being able to be around / talk to you easily , i can be awkward and get easily stressed in ... i'm a 16 year old istp , and i believe that my brother's one as well , but all the other members of our family are about as far as you can get ( esfj ; entj ; i ? f ? ) am i the only istp who like social ... i am a very good drummer a slightly above average pianist and a beginning guitarist 1 . ) prefers fact over theories : it kind of depends , i think that theories are interesting to think and learn about , rather than facts , but facts have more practical values 2 . ) criminally insane : ... my little sister's esfj and she says it fits . i agree . seems a bit too energetic but istp , but i think it fits and this one seems a bit too emotional ... but i am an istp , but i still talk a lot . the i , introverted , part of the personality make up does tend to mean the person does not like to talk , but that is because of a focus inwards <- into their own ... 1 ) don't want to deal with hurt feelings ... subtly make suggestions and wait ? suck it up , buttercup ? suck it up , buttercup ! 2 ) if you didn't want to be with me you could have just told me ... this ... i've found my last relationship failed because of the different ideas of space . we didn't go to the same school , but still found ways to hang out almost every single weekend . he thought that this ... i agree , but would describe it as an almost , if i can handle it , why can't you ? attitude . but that probably has to do with the inferior extroverted fe , which is extremely simple and ... i'm istp myself and have two others for friends , a boy and a girl . before knowing the three of us shared the same personality type , i always admired them greatly , they always seemed so calm and ... the terrified appearance may be because he is not sure how to respond or not understanding some kind of social interaction playing out before him . it seems that i have that expression most of the ... as an istp i can agree with what seamaid said about the older the istp the more willing they'll be to have a serious relationship . i know when i got my first boyfriend , i wasn't really looking for ... you get easily annoyed with people who always need to rely on others you look sad what do you mean ? are you sure ? of course i'm sure , or else i wouldn't have said anything i'm tired ~ i'm ... not caring . i'm sad . i'm still not caring . it's ... thanks ^ ^ but he's kind of devilish ... like all the time <- < thanks ^ ^ i'm sure i will '