' welp , i think this is finally the week that i'm going to tell my manager that i'm done . i've paid off all of my debt , my secondary savings have hit the point where i can live off of that for the ... so , he avoided you over the weekend and now you plan on waiting for him to make the next move ? good luck with that . trying to explain computer related things to computer illiterate people is painful . i took the day off and asked someone in my section to run a couple of data mining reports that i have to run ... probably my favorite band of all time . the guy is a red-blooded human male . he was probably trying to impress you because he liked you and then you turned on him . you seemed to have taken the entj's word over his from the start and ... * pique i don't reply to texts saying i hope you had a good day or things of the sort either . you didn't say anything that warrants a conversation and you didn't ask a question requiring an answer . to ... i dabble in video games :  definitely ! words can't describe how much i dislike my current job and knowing that my escape plan is indeed a viable plan makes me a happy camper . so , i got accepted into the post-bacc computer science program i applied for ! my friends at work thought i was joking when i said i was done with my current job , but i was completely serious . ... . the last song i listened to in 2015  you should probably talk to someone about this unresolved resentment you seem to be suppressing . breakfast - cheesy grits with shredded chicken lunch - rice with baked shredded chicken dinner - cinnamon toast and ... small uninhabited island . i love seafood and the beach and i hate humans . seems perfect . :D full disclosure : i'm totally in love with the flute player . also , npr + good music = happy camper this is relevant to my interests . super mario rpg legend of zelda : a link to the past legend of zelda : link's awakening 3d dot game heroes trip world shadowrun ( genesis ) demon's souls ... when i encounter mindless conformity , my first reaction tends to be : - bowl of honey bunches of oats - turkey-burger - seasoned imitation crab meat - 2 pieces of tilapia more like this :  you look like a slightly happier version of aubrey plaza . so , care less then . #icouldn'tcareless seems like it would be pretty tough to stick an entire person in a magazine , let alone multiple people . i find this civilized life to be complete and utter bullshit . i'm all for people believing in what they want , but it really fucking annoys me when people come to my home and try to push their shit on me . just had some door to door salesmen come by and try to ... i don't know about appreciating the input , but i did read it and mull it over . we're not a monolith ( thankfully ) and i'm sure some will welcome and appreciate those comments , but i would fall ... i collect old video games and have acquired a couple of shelving units ' worth over the years , but it's all contained to one room and aside from that one room , my home is otherwise barren . i ... it bothers me that a lot of those posts are really just people looking at specific situations from their own perspectives and thinking that's how it should be . the posters are asking intjs to ... if she were looking at me like that and wanted to get down , there's really no amount of facial hair that would keep me from accomplishing the task at hand . <3 i have a serious weakness for women with dark hair and brown eyes , haha she's pretty amaze-balls . that stare of hers : blushed : so my favorite cashier at a local thrift shop was working today . she's pretty much my ideal woman and she opens up to me a little more each time we talk . today , she made a comment about a game i ... 10 years ago , i had trouble knowing when to walk away from or give up on someone i was crushing on . now , it almost seems like i drop people way too quickly , but i think my bullshit radar is just ... my new crack : ibeyi i love absurdities . it's probably why i love wes anderson movies so much . visually and aurally stimulating what's your major or degree in ? i'm at my calmest and happiest when i'm in complete control of my self and my environment and i'm at my absolute worst when i have lost control of one or both . i don't care whether or not i have ... yes . every last intj ever is / will be lactose intolerant . if milk doesn't make you crap your pants , you're not a real intj . i don't even wear shoes in my own home , so i completely understand people not wanting me to wear shoes in their home . you should stop approaching relationships and love like they're matches to be won or challenges to be toppled . people are irrational , emotional and ever changing and because of that , you're only ... . i just woke up out of the weirdest dream i've had in a while : i was at a small sports field ( like a high school track ) sitting on some bleachers with someone that i assume was my best friend . to ... '