' most people who become christians seem to be good people with low self-esteem , low enough to think that you're the servant of a greater entity . religion exists because life is chaos and that doesn't ... being adored by many is more accurate for me but not really the leadership bit i've had a handful , i am in to a lot of the theories , i read laberge's book . i go in and out of phases , i usually have better dreams when i do very little in the day . do any of you ever feel like you are constantly chasing things ; relationships , success , perfection , happiness ; in vain ( when you think about it ) ? i just thought about this , i get so desperate for ... i stopped looking for you i stopped waiting for you i stopped dying for you and i started dying for myself i aged rapidly i became fat in the face and soft in the gut and i forgot that i ’ d ... finally watched the film , gandhi last night after meaning to for a long time . first of all , it's a really good film and a good history lesson for anyone ( like me ) who doesn't know the full story ... well , hitler and ghandi ; both said to be infjs , clearly if that were the case they must have both felt compassion but i imagine hitler felt most of it for the indigenous german people whereas gandhi ... if the whole world was infj then many important things would be left undone , we'd spent a lot of time contemplating and discussing but no action . seeing another thread about parent-types , i thought i'd mention my parental difficulties . my dad is an esfp and we have never been emotionally close because of it . my dad tries to substitute ... bigotry - usually based on lack of compassion / empathy . selfishness realism - in general , i hate having to think about my mundane job , having to do mundane chores , it's usually all the sensors ... they sure do , even when i don't contribute much , they just seem to gravitate . i will have to start using my infj / counselling nature to consciously make friends and influence people a bit more . for one , i think threads like this are interesting even if they have no straight answer . esfjs , they deserve a mention , i can see how a relationship would be practical but that idea would seem to ... i wouldn't call it a rigid decision making process , or at least it isn't under the surface . i'd say what triggers me to act impulsively is something which triggers strong emotion . so if i met someone ... what they should remember is that we also give others a little lift and keep the peace ; we let others get the good stuff and we save most of the bad stuff for ourselves . i definitely know what you mean , we don't like to say sensitive things willy nilly . i am a bit of a songwriter and my enfp friend always asks me what my songs are about , i won't say exactly , i'll ... my friend who is enfp is great fun and good company but i think between partners a bit of j / p conflict may occur if you are two extremes . probably my favourite of the perceivers though ( pound for ... sounds like my enfp friend ( possibly the only enfp i know ) , head even further in the clouds than me , makes daft jokes a lot , pretty awful at meeting deadlines , quick to declare boredom . a good friend ... i have a question , are all entps this pragmatic ? i think if the infj in question knew you were mapping it out , she would be underwhelmed but that's not to say what you're doing is wrong . looking some of these up ; another site has joel barish as an isfp but i don't think so , i can see why they might think it but they weren't looking deep enough imo . neil young is definitely an ... same here . that's why i'm here . i'd say pound for pound and with a little experience , istp and infj clash a bit , we annoy the hell out of you and you frustrate the hell out of us . funny how you guys are called mechanics , the two ... i clash a bit with an istp in truth ; estps are okay with me because they get things of their chest , when / if we clash i can get the closure i want then . this istp gets wound up by my lack of ... shadow of a doubt ( a complex kid ) on damn the torpedoes 21243 here's some random drunk beardy guy . :P i usually ask them whether they'd like to stroke my beard and / or cat . i'm quite defensive , sometimes i speed up if i am wound up , this worries me but i am generally safer than many i know . technically i am pretty lacklustre , parallel parking is still a small gamble ... i gotta get me one of those enfjs it would seem . ;) wouldn't it be nice if dating was like ordering off amazon ? ( i'm not talking about trafficking btw >:o) i take exception to the vain idea that something like man created all this . i see just as much chance that i created all this and it's my dream but i won't go to town with that theory until there's ... ... one day you think you're genius then the next you're a talentless philistine . sigur ros - svefn-g-englar i can talk , i am very bored atm . that's fine as long as you do it behind closed doors . ;) good question , i'd like to know too , i'm at a bit of a loss as to how can get on the dating ladder any time soon . you want my address ? ;) i know what you mean , i would gravitate towards extroverts because i want someone draw me from my shell , i have too many awkward silences with other introverts which is ... - what were you like as a child , were you inherently charming ? did you immediately take a liking to strangers ? no i didn't like going out of my comfort zone , i hated having to meet new people and was ... why's that ? i would have thought an estj or an entj . i have a family full of fs ( me infj , mum isfj , brother and dad both esfp ) and it is f-f-f-f-frustrating : wink : we argue a lot and we lose sight of things , ... think by simon blackburn ; a kind of overview of philosophy . okay , i'm a guy but i'm open minded ;) and i'm sure i can contribute something here . personally i like someone else to do all the pushing as long as it isn't against my will , if someone says i'll ... that reminds me of the tom petty lyric ; and when she's dreamin ' sometimes she sings in french . i'm a bit of a hoarder , i can't get rid of things like bits of paper plastic bags because i always ... i am a lot like this i used to cry a fair bit as a kid but it was socialised out of me . no idea , over-thinking things as usual , just wanted to know if this is common , it probably is actually and thinking of it and my closest friend in my college life is what i suspect to to be an estj , ... i just wonder whether this is a common thing . what do you think he sounds like ? the character of joel barish in eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ; seems to hit all the major points , i always vainly thought that character resembled myself but maybe you don't see so many infjs ... i haven't been in a proper relationship but i imagine i would . i get worked up about potential relationships and can never be totally sure about the person , i would be heavily influenced by what ... just been on a long weekend on holiday with my best mate . i do wonder how we are such good friends despite being very different , personalities , yes but we also have many different interests , i'm a ... i'm posting this partially to query whether this is me using my new found infj status as a crutch or others may share experiences . i just find social situations challenging and dread them more ... greetings all , recently found out i'm one of the rarest group , wanted to find how others cope with certain things . i'm an eejit , i meant to type infj :P '