' i do this all the time . i also always sing about the thing i lost when i'm looking for something . it helps me stay focused on the task at hand i really thought i was the only person in the world who did things like this . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk great advice , i agree with this for myself . just knowing someone cares is enough . i would also add for me personally , i get more stressed out and could become resentful if someone keeps trying to ... all the time , and i am not the greatest with names . i've had some minor embarrassing moments because of it . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk i never wanted children , i liked enjoying me free time to myself , and even more so not having the responsibility when i wanted to back up and go on a random 2 day vocation . three years ago when ... dear office women at work , you may think you control my life but really i'm plotting against you . go a head schedule me to work 72 hours this week a and 68 next . i don't even care that i worked ... one of my best friends in collage , people would tell us we flirted and that we acted like an old married couple . i was never attracted to him romantically yet we did have a super strong connection as ... when you need a planner for work . you need it , to the point if you don't keep track of your hours you won't get paid . yet you still lose it at least once a week with not fail . sent from my ... ... when your base ball team just won a 14 inning game , and you are just so excited you wish you could scream and sing and hug everyone you know . but you're at work so you can't . at the same time ... and i have a high p score and lately i've been surrounded by js and it's starting to ware at me . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk don't try and manipulate her to stop . trying to manipulate one of us is the worst thing you could do to push us away . let her know that no matter what you will be there for her . and if you do ... dear co-worker can you please be on time for once . don't you understand i just got done a 10 + hour shift and just want to go sleep . sincerely , over worked enfp sent from my ... i grew up learning to shoot from my grandfather . i could shoot a bow and arrow and gun ( with some help ) before i could ride a bike . looking back i wouldn't change a thing . i was taught not to fear ... for me it has always been gifts . gifts because i enjoy knowing that i was thought of even when i wasn't around . i don't like big gifts just something small preferably cute or shinny or unique or ... you are welcome glad i could help . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk i feel like i'm invading but feel the need give you my view . i am and enfp and i will be the first to admit that i can be needy with my feelings . but having some amazing istj men in my life i have ... not sure if it is an enfp thing . the older i get the more i need and covet my alone time . i wouldn't say i an less social . i just don't need to socialize as often . i'm also more content with my life ... will you just stop .. sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk nope not shy at all . and i was a very outgoing kid always enjoyed to be around people and doing something . on the other hand i was very creative too , and when i was drawing writing creating ect ... i'm extremely guilty of this . it is never to be cruel or on purpose . i always have the best of intentions to follow through and text , call , or write back . most of the time i get sidetracked and ... first bit of advice i can give you is . be yourself . this is key . i personally can spot someone being genuinely themself or not , within the first few sentences of a conversation . and it is a very big ... this is me to a t sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk yes of course ! ! ! sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk are there absolutes not in my world . there is no right or wrong , black or whites . so yes i can answer it correctly for me . which may be a different answer for you . so i have a question for you ... i read . and i read a lot . i shut down . the crazyness in my head and enter a fantasy world when i read . but once i put the book down my mind starts back up . one dark period i had , i read 17 books in ... i'm not really a nurse just an aid sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk and i was at wegmans buying time before work and this little pig spoke to me . i bought her and buckled her in . now i have a buddy to drive to work with ... i would say 4-6 enjoy attention i'm not going to lie . i also enjoy my alone time just being me reading a book and hiding in my room by myself . i don't always need the acknowledgment for my ... i believe that . sometimes i'm unfocused . but it all depends on project and situation . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk don't feel alone , i am dyslexic as well . and i've never been diagnosed with add . people have joked with me about being add because of my randomness , those people are just stereotyping . i know for a ... ... i'm suppose to be sleeping , yet i'm wide awake . sleep is great but kind of boring . and you fine people are great as well , but not so much boring . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk when i was younger and more immature . i did choose love over my faith . looking back it was not real love . mostly lust and insecurity . by making my choice , i turned my back on my god and my faith . i ... dear infj friend , i don't want to hurt you . but sometimes i need my space . it angers me when you doubt my friendship . i know i have lots of friends aka acquaintances . but sometimes i think ... mother ( istj ) loving caring kind cruel ( my words can cut when i'm angry ) funnier then shit crazy ( silly ) i'll ask more people when i see them . my mom was just in the room as i was ... all the time sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk when you have this great idea to throw a surprise birthday party for your dad , you have all these ideas how awesome its going to be , you get everyone excited . then you realised what you did , now you ... enfps can i'm living proof . only when i feel it is necessary to help others understand my thought process on a giving issue and or situation . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk when i was a kid i got told to my inside voice all the time . i got confused because i thought i was . now i get this said to me all the time . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk very well said , i couldn't agree more . thank you , for giving me some food for thought and a starting point to weed out the negativity in my life . much appreciated sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 ... yes i understand completely what you are saying . i'm still struggling to know when enough is enough trying to help others . i want to see the good and it's hard for me to give up on people undeserving ... i'm an enfp . i can be obnoxious , sometimes i would run away from myself if i could . it doesn't mean i hate myself or another person for that matter . and another thing a this enfp would never even ... read at owe risk , and remember you asked for this . how do you act when you are nervous ? most people can't even tell that i'm nervous . my family and friends that i choose as my family are the ... where do you come up with the stuff ? are you all right in the head ? ( my aunt asked me this almost daily ) calm down ! ! ! i want whatever your on . just a few a heard today ! ! ! start small , but you need to start , in my experience feeling trapped and stuck in the mundane of life can be crippling . my advice for what it us worth is , find interpretation , do something creative , ... depends earlier today my biggest problem was forgetting where i put my keys . now its figuring out why i'm still awake . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 747 using tapatalk [ quote = ai.tran . 75 ; 4930522 ] do you have vivid dreams ? are you able to control your dreams ? and have you ever kept a journal ? vivid dreams - very can i control my dreams ? - no , but i can ... i am an enfp and when i was a kid i had a stuffed elephant named lewis , who slithered ( because he couldn't just walk around like every other stuffed elephant ) and lewis had his own theme song . at one ... i am a writer as well , and i give you thumbs up for being a good writer and trying to actually make realistic characters . and i'm an enfp so i got what you need . i just can't give it to you , at the ... honestly depending on the person it might freak me out . like the other feed back i saw i would prefer a drawing or some for of art . that being said i know music is a art form . if it was someone i ... 1 : enfp 2 : female 3 : youngest child 4 : hands-on 5 : f . everything 6 : moderate 7 : honestly i don't talk politics 8: do you prefer fantasy 9 : writer 10 : orange , yellow and purple '