' i had that problem most of my life until i was separated from my mother . she ingrained self consciousness and self doubt and anxiety into all of her children . i was a mommas girl and looked up to ... all the time . for example , when i'm at work decorating cakes all i'm thinking about ( besides actually working ) is what someone said and how i felt about it , how i feel about what i'm doing at the ... i thought i was infj at first , because i didn't study the letters enough . then i thought i was infp , and went through the struggle that so many people go through where i couldn't decide whether i was ... primary color : yellow yellows are the most fun-loving , free-spirited , energetic , and childlike personalities in the aura spectrum . yellows are wonderful , sensitive , optimistic beings , whose life ... i get the most intense feelings toward intjs , and introverted and / or thinking types . they make me feel cozy . isfj sounds like a good one too i dated what i thought was an esfp , and i believe one of my coworkers is an esfp . relationship wise it's easy to connect by doing activities , you both like doing things spur of the moment and living ... i got intp . i'm pretty surprised by that result ... i suppose . an infj i know gets on my nerves because it feels like he's always prying into my personal thoughts , he is way too nice , and it takes him so long to get his thoughts out it drives me crazy ... your scores 8 words of affirmation 8 quality time 6 receiving gifts 4 acts of service 4 physical touch we had another talk and he understood there were no romantic feelings and said my feelings might change later and that a break might help . i agreed . then i started wanting to be cuddly towards him ? ? ... my secret hideout : my room or my car , or shopping / stores activity : in my room : scrolling tumblr for inspiration , watching a movie , drawing , crafting , listening to music that puts me in a ... i typically have dreams about people in normal situations . by normal i mean , nothing extreme , even if it is weird . lucid dreaming is something that i am interested in but it would take a lot of ... i value people being honest about themselves as a person , not honesty in general . if someone honestly thinks something i'm wearing is hideous i don't want them to tell me , i'd rather them just not ... 1940 ( amplive remix ) station on pandora sagittarius rising cancer sun gemini moon i definitely identify with all of these . i feel my cancer sun makes me an overall sensitive homebody type of individual deep down . sagittarius rising ... i broke it off last night . i started nitpicking things and the more time i gave it the more time i felt like he wasn't for me . i've never been more comfortable with someone and we have a lot of ... ^ hahaha yes i started hanging with this infj guy . we are so similar in every aspect that it seems like it has to work between us . like if i gave up i'd be making a stupid mistake . we want all the same things in ... creative , confident , introverted , father like and comforting but not too easy to get , cares about how he looks and smells , manly looking , into taboo / alternative lifestyle aesthetic choices , likes to ... i've joined okcupid a few times and have met some great people as a result . i put everything about myself out and expect the other person to be completely honest as well . i've never been one to ... i do keep one that i write in maybe once a week or so , or when i remember to . i have bad memory of day to day details and it helps me remember things . i mainly have one because it's very interesting ... i'm a cake decorator at meijer . it's perfect for guiding my creativity , when the store isn't crazy . it is retail ... there are certain designs we should do in the book , but you can change up the ... i believe mine is 369 the mediator it's funny that you have a hard time with fi when most of the time that is how i live my life and make choices , by my feelings . i can see how it would be hard for someone who thinks rationally and ... i've never liked children . they make my anxiety go up , i get really angry when they don't listen , and they're just plain annoying and gross . especially when their parents don't teach them manners or ... sounds like my kind of guy i definitely want to look like a feminine girl , but i've had dreadlocks , a mohawk , piercings , i now have a pixie cut , i dress in mainly jeans and tennis shoes and a t shirt / hoodie and like ... i seem to be attracted to xsfj types , but intjs really seem to hit me hard . probably because of my enneagram 6 need for stability and authority hmm , that helped . i am definitely a 6 . i feel like i've never had the stability and comfort i needed and that the more i open myself up maybe the more extroverted i'd become . maybe as a sort of ... cooking and baking from scratch , bead embroidery , crochet , knitting , thrifting , some sewing , costuming , playing video games occasionally , decorating things , cosmetology , tumblr ... i think i may be a blossoming 6w7 . what made you sure you were a 6w7 ? when i get to thinking too deeply about idealism and morality i get really confused and i start to feel inner turmoil . everyone's perception is different , and everyone has a reason for what they do ... handy in the real world manipulation of objects and events , you are easily enthused by practical projects . you often ignore or conveniently forget rules and boundaries that limit your freedom . this ... i really appreciate people who are easy to talk to . and by that i mean extroverted warm funny people who can take you seriously and have some magical talent for making yours and everyone else's day . i hate to be a negative nancy , but you asked how i feel about this personality type and i'll answer . i appreciate and understand the good parts of infps , but every one that i've met rubs me the wrong ... have any of you isfps dated an esfj ? i'm really curious about this pairing . esfjs are welcome to chime in as well - one of your main goals is to find work where you can be creative and dress the way you want , and until you find a work environment like this you'll feel like something is missing from your life ... one i relate to : a cat . one i'd like to be : either a large bird or a large wild cat like a tiger or cheetah . i want to fly or be able to run really fast and feel wild and act on instinct without fear i like to entertain the idea of the possibility from time to time , but honestly i can't bring myself to believe in a higher power . would it be comforting to know there was something watching over me ... i'm a cancer sun with gemini moon and sagittarius rising i'm afraid of mannequins and dolls , death and old age , conflict , social get together type things , throwing up , small talk , ghosts ( if they exist ) , the dark i am overweight by about 20-30 pounds , i have lost 60 already . i blame my grandma for force feeding me all the time when i was around 4 and giving me bad eating habits . having a mother who never ... i'm curious about how this works out as well . esfjs seem like amazing people well , you can't blame her for not being interested anymore if you picked her up and acted like a nervous wreck who could barely talk to her . that doesn't make for a good first date / hangout / whatever ... read up on what each letter means and compare it to your real life reactions and values and decide from there which letters you relate to more . not every person of the same type is the same person ... to be honest my feelings drive me completely . i want to do well in life so that i can be appreciated and i want others to get passionate with me and share in my interests . a lot of the time i'm not ... i've only gotten that once and it was through text . i was being completely honest about my opinions and my humor was pretty easy to follow , i thought , and then they told me a few times i'm really ... a few years ago i got into paganism , but the older i get the less i can even fathom believing in a higher power . i still consider myself agnostic because i can't completely rule out the idea of it if ... my apologies for this dreadfully depressing post but i really want to type this up . my entire life up until about a year ago maybe was based off of idealism ( i recently turned 21 ) . i was a momma's ... one of my best friends is intp . we are both enneagram 9 . she is 9w8 and i am 9w1 which i think helps because she is more of the leader but we can still relate . and we have the same kind of self ... '