' toyama koichi announces his candidacy and victory of the us presidential election . i couldn't tell you for sure what type of personality rommel was , but i don't see his behavior in north africa as being out of line for an entj ... i've played a fair amount of risk in my time and ... this is a real politician named toyama koichi that ran for the prefectual governer of tokyo county . every politician is given equal airtime in japan to ...  why are there two of this thread ? ? anywho ...  lunch fhdjshfk before that i had a bagel . perogies with left over steak sliced into them and green beans trollin ... fox mulder ? you intjs are so predictable : tongue : it will be interesting to see how people of the different types respond to this question . once we have some data we should look at how they tend to answer . ... the good guys always winning ... is this really the right place for this thread ? hmm ... i guess i'm unusual then , as i don't look down on any of the types . why do you think people look down on enfps ? steak , salad , and sweet potatoes 1 . i'm good 2 . the type of stuff guys usually think about : cool : 3 . i feel a little tired cause it's been a long day do you like your personality type ? are you proud of it ? i take pride in the fact that i ( supposedly ) share charcteristics with bill gates and napoleon . do you like your type ? would you change ... i think there are qualities associated with the type that are worth being proud of . we are ( supposed to be ) smart , we make good leaders , and there have been a number notable people in history that ... well apparently i'm the shit ! i'm like ten posts in and i'm already thanked 4 times in a single 1 . i almost feel like you guys are patronizing me because of the typos . it's a good thing i can ... now i'm enjoying my baller , top poster of the day / 10 posts in the early morning status ! say what now ? i mean i'm pretty sure all the stuff you said about you applies to me before . i say pretty sure because i can't see my ass when it's in low rise jeans but i'm pretty sure it's spectacular . if i ... ugh : sad : : angry : greetings and felicitations children of technology ! ! people are strange when you're a stranger faces look ugly when you're alone women seem wicked when you're unwanted streets are uneven when ... you are what you eat . i guess that makes me at least part pizza atm ... arrrghhh now i'm suuuper frustrated because i can't make my thread ! it was a really important thread too ! ! i thought we were friends happy . i tried to tell you , but i couldn't write on your ... pizza a more important question at this point is ; what should i eat next ? right now i am trying to get to 15 posts on this forum . starting out is always the tough part ... the lord said , if as one people speaking the same language they have begun to do this , then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them . genesis 11-6 i'm not really a religious ... '