' just do it . if you look at me , i'm gonna speak to you . just do it . i don't debate with people for shits and giggles , i probe / push buttons to see what you respond to . i'm not toying with you , i'm ... i wish this statement rang true for the experiences i've had in my life . it's disgusting to see so many vocal christians so anal-retentive and accusing of people , and disrespect the shit out of ... in all honesty , it's quite depressing to have somebody discount you because you're not a godly person . and the people that mainly surround you , are very admirable , respectable , loving people . now ... i don't think his comments were meant to be taken in such a literal fashion , but very keen observation . * bows head * respect ! : laughing : well if you agree that faith is a personal journey what's wrong with just sharing your belief ? instead of attempting to convince someone because you irrationally fear for them as well as yourself ? as ... i feel as if i'm at # 5 , but i see where you're coming from . but where does the appreciation of difference actually exist , if those #1's assume i am a # 3 ? are you saying the disrespect is mutual ? or ... r . e . amemiya is not attacking you . he's mentioning something i believe is very valid , and the christian philosophy births the statement of do as i say , not as i do - at the end of the day there are ... i wouldn't call it bitterness , i feel rather confused that in a christian's eyes - everyone else is wrong if they don't believe as the christian believes . nobody is allowed to make their own ... back with another trend discovery . anyone notice that very religious people tend to be mightily coercive or control freaks ? edit : i believe it's incredibly ironic that they want to celebrate ... leave that up to those who know how to use their te . don't feel bad , i'm in the same boat as the rest of you . : laughing : i slept better before i met you , because a night alone seems like forever without you lunaticrabbits you dear , are insightful . yes . however , the end goal should never be to categorize people . that alienates people and disconnects you from them if everything doesn't match up ( to your liking ) . it's like when somebody you've ... a person relatively honestly with themselves can be typed . it doesn't matter that much because you're more likely to meet people suppressing their life experiences anyway . it takes a person genuinely ... glad i could contribute bro . and this is where i say get over yourself . the outside world probably could give less of a shit about who you are even doped up on exlax and milk of magnesia . you might just be more happy with your ... i do what the fuck i want and i love that shit , but an nt who can empathize is the scariest thing a docile human will ever encounter . geniusoverlord i don't like classifying myself to specific things , i just live my life the way i want to . sure i probably resemble some categories that might spark further investigation , but the ... hell's angels wildebeast edit : the same way you deal with everybody else . you let people be who they are . hard-headed people don't need convincing , they need experience ; a good dose of what life is supposed to give them anyway . i ... they tell a joke to you with a stone face , and then laugh hysterically when they're finished . gawd , it's funny . this video may be better suited for intp's , who probably care more about thinking and discussing trivialities . not one of my values anymore . this thread is to get a picture of the different types of entp's that exist in this thread , hell if you're not an entp feel free to respond as well ! [ rules ] list 3 of your favorite ... ientp the more assessments you take to quantify yourself , the further you become from understanding yourself . information is only as good as what you can manage of it . you'll find that the more ... the thing about odds is that the value of the experience rests purely in a heuristic sense . if a person only has one opportunity to experience something and is forced to make a segmented choice of ... cagnazzo for the titties : ninja : * salutes * can't tell if word play ... ? or just play on words ... style : constantly moving / changing ( physically & mentally ) execution : specific w / deadlines what : anything ^ with the above criteria me : aiming for project management -> good money + evolving ... geonerd as an entp , everything and everyone is in my way when i have to get something done . i don't look at packing as a puzzle , but i strive for efficiency in the smallest albeit reasonable ... i feel like it's good and it's natural , i perceive it to be an instinctual protective mechanism . we lie more often than not to protect ourselves , not necessarily those around us . i take pride in ... somebody who feels my pain . gah-lee . : frustrating : can't be an assumption if i've confessed feelings of any sort to you explicitly , unless you just weren't listening to begin with . people tend to need nt's to verbalize their emotions and when it ... i thought i finally got rid of the investigators in my life , but nope ! there's still you ... : laughing : ex . ) liking someone who is well aware that you like them , but that person enjoys their own ... : laughing : i love this ! what's emboldened is the only part i really understand from your inquisition , without prying for more details . personally , i have been guilty of wanting emotional intimacy from others without ... veggie for us , it's almost absurd to why we have commitment issues or fears of emotional intimacy , when its practically ingrained in an entp's personality to have a near-obsession with personal ... unconventional , witty , rambunctious , and rationally impulsive well since you're the brutally honest type , i'll first say that you're not one of my favorite people on here . you're second sentence makes you come across as somebody who needs everyone else to ... entj . but don't look too much into it . enjoy the ride yo . hahahahaha ! yeah man , i love it . we're the contradiction that almost didn't make sense . : exterminate : awakening entp . a child who feels isolated from their parents is more likely to isolate themselves from people naturally . and i believe that is the foundation of introversion . that behavior deprives ... drmiller 100 oh man , where was this story 2 years ago ! took the words right out of my mouth man . infp's have a very judgmental , defensively aggressive value system ; and basically if you're not on ... this reply was fucking gold ! amen ! : laughing : geonerd - - yes , don't disrespect my unadulterated green tea . being logical : a guide to good thinking by d . q . mcinery a mind for numbers by barbara oakley fear of knowledge by paul ... i literally laughed out loud and said , you're fucking crazy ! ... but then , i kept reading ... : th_woot : dad - esfj / mom - istp manipulative dad / conflict avoidant mom = lame but totally fucking cool , combative mediating sci-fi nerd ( me ) : laughing : i feel a little beside myself when my fe isn't appreciated , it's not often i show emotional regard i have for people in general . - for others , fe is all inclusive : compliments , concern for how ... i just want to make love to his voice . young lady in a philosophy club meeting last year . i really don't like analyzing people around me anymore in terms of mbti , but i still am a bit fascinated by the functions and the variable explanations that can be derived from them . being around ... the joker , heath ledger edition '