' thanks , those are some interesting features . what i'm afraid of is that many of them will make the app too complex . i really liked the idea of a deadline with a progress bar though , will have to ... thanks ! i'd be very interested in what you think those features should be ? is your app online ? i was just spending my friday evening explaining the cognitive functions for a friend when i remembered this place , and i got curious on how intjs would view something . i have built a webapp on the ... i have not in any way suggested that anyone should try to stop feeling empathy , nor have i suggested that it would be a waste of time to feel empathy . what i did state was that i feel like it's a ... on many occasions , especially when i'm writing music . my most notable flow is probably when i was writing regret . it felt like the piece was writing it self . being in the zone is one of those ... i have experienced that entps often say a lot of things , and often different things to different people or social groups even if they contradict them selves . this combined with their tendency to ... lack of focus . they seem to have a hard time following a given path , they want to do everything instead . hard to trust what they say . not very pragmatic in many cases . entps are pretty cool though , ... bach - very introspective music , it inspires me to better understand my self . stravinsky - full of life , fantastic for doing high tempo work . makes me feel more alive . shostakovich - also very ... wouldn't dogs be fe-users ? calling in life = ( potential as a person / ( determination - laziness ) ) * life expectancy . the best way to actually arrange a meet up would probably be to add our positions to some google maps service . but amusingly you gave enough fuck to tell us that you don't give a fuck :) theopendoor , arbitrator , @ wiarumas you should join login | facebook and put your competence profiles on that group as well . will be easier to find later . indeed ! i thought about otl as well . should be plenty of people who would want to use it and / or contribute to it ? it would also be beneficial to have an international network of different ... startups always take a lot more time and resources than you first anticipate . so my advice would be to do as much as you can without money before you ask you dad . this shows him that you are indeed ... that's one it's a good idea and i'll take it ! here's the group : login | facebook are you able to apply for membership ? perhaps , but i'm pretty sure my function order is in intj order . i've always strived to be more entjish , since way before i knew what mbti was . mostly as i saw it as something i needed to learn in ... what do i care , you guys have a competence network ; the intjs do not . what we really should do , is to create a joint ntj career network ! we can start a facebook group ( as a start ) , it could be ... ( i'm intj , but some people do seem to think i act like an entj , so i'll just let my self in to your entj-network . ) tobias wallin : contact : x95 tobias [ at ] apocrita [ dot ] net location : x95 ... i looked it up on wikipedia , seems nice ! i like the syntax . very concise . my relatively new found love is ruby on rails . i also like javascript with mootools . i've worked a lot with php in my past but i once you try other languages it's hard to go back :P . i'm about to ... no disrespect but ... that's a lot of blabbering . instead of answering your every statement , i will summarize my point . we are discussing whether or not one should help an individual who doesn't ... that sure is some white trash porn . now . this is what real porn looks like : i do understand your reasoning , but i wonder ; how could it possibly help the situation to force the kids to invite this person ? isn't that a shallow solution for a deeper problem ? how can you know all the consequences of your meddling and how can you be sure which one is the lesser evil ? evil in it self is a super subjective term which can't be objectively measured at all . so ... according to whom ? calling esfps stupid is extremely ignorant . they do indeed not have the preference for abstract and theoretical thinking like we do; but they have preference for other types if thinking patterns ... me and nidbild are working on set of system built to map out strategy , visions and processes in building companies . we call it otl ( organized thought language ) and it's basically four sets of rules ... x95 organize my everything i have to do in a map / plan of action x95 meditate x95 delegate as much as possible to other people basically i try to fix whatever is stressing me out whilst taking in ... ah , well that quiz doesn't work very well then because it's results are impossible according to mbti theory . function preference is more complex than just having different prioritizing . if you're a ... i'm confused , your profile says that you're an esfp ? esfp use fi , not fe . your third function would be te . if one has the need to lie , then that person has made an error in constructed his / her life and must thus correct the mistake . you have now summarized all my thoughts in a perfect way . thank you . now i can rest . people reach sexually maturity in very different ages , and just because society says that a 14 year old should be a kid doesn't mean the 14 year old feels that way . many 14 year olds are fully ... when things unfold as the plan foretells . and listening to j . s . bach thanks for wrapping up this discussion in a good way . i do however think it's a point to having these conversations even if they will never be fully solved , but as you said ; it all boils down to ... i disagree , we have to strive towards bettering the understanding of all people , not just our selves . you have your self written some very good articles on this forum explaining the interactions of ... ah yes i think grumpy communication makes every type an asshole once in a while :) , i know i can be ... i don't think it's futile at all , isn't the whole point of mbti to give us the tools to explore different thought patterns ? i'd rather that my friends tell me when i'm being a te asshole than to just ... well does he create conflict when that happens or does he ask you if your intent was to attack him ? my point was that lots of fe users don't seem to care about what the other person meant , only what ... i agree , but let's think of another example . say a strong te and a strong fe are having a discussion , the te is talking about the subject at hand whilst unknowingly says something which the fe feels ... lol fair enough ... but in my defense , i was trying to be overbearing with that particular sentence :P sure , but in my experience the fe users actually do create the conflict . they attack my person whilst i have been discussing a specific thing ( te versus fe i guess ) . but being able to explain it with ... this is a prime example of why i really don't like a lot of fe users , they take it upon them selves to make assumptions and create conflict based on their assumptions . no one should try to make ... how does this ni-ti loop work ? is it eight function theory ? this is a bit off topic , but : the ni-ti cooperation can be extremely rewarding if ni respects tis viewpoints and vice versa . i'm ... could you elaborate on what those correlations would be ? what is deemed to be limiting or in restraint is based on more than one dimension . being able to masturbate in all theoretical possibilities might feel very open and comfy for entps , but personally i ... why would you need a computer programmer on that island ? thanks for actually elaborating on my question , you also seem to have a healthy view on religion . my point was however that there are so many life philosophies , so why blindly follow only one ? why ... i like it , seems reasonable . lol ? '