' i've never minded nails on a chalkboard , but there is a sound that renders me absolutely non-functional . you know those plastic sheets with a hundred ridges that show one picture when viewed from a ... i wouldn't really recommend this as the best or certainly even an advisable reaction , but i had a major and very painful breakup a year ago . since then , i've dropped out of college and started ... so go drop it off , along with some chocolate =) i think it's normal . people doing little things wrong upset me just as much as people doing huge things wrong , if not even moreso . the reason is that what i value most is the thought ( or lack of ... because what's the point of life if someone's not out there making it fun and interesting ? he is really going to change the world for the better . if there's anybody on the planet who can clean up and re-establish the catholic church as a positive influence in society , it's him . all it ... now that's an enfp if i ever saw one . i had somebody tell me one of the most amazing things i've ever heard last spring . i wanted to put it in the you know you're an enfp when ... thread , but i felt this was too specific an instance for ... what really threw me off was walt's behavior at the very end . i don't understand why he spoiler alert - - - - - - - - - it isn't , but i agree =) enfp's on the surface seem like we're just always happy and following our fleeting desires . this is a very inaccurate stereotype because there is so much happening underneath that doesn't show ... cry , write songs trying to win her back , feel miserable and like i will never be happy again with anybody , think about killing myself , think about killing her new boyfriend , and inevitably ... try to ... i was raised catholic , decided when i was nine or ten that i didn't like just being handed a belief arbitrarily because my parents believed it , and became an atheist . i didn't buy into it . eventually ... i get that a lot too - people asking if i'm high when i'm not , or saying they can't imagine what i would be like drunk . i do not drink or smoke , so no one has ever seen me in either situation , but ... my favorite game is ( or was , before it got shut down ) city of heroes . it was an mmo where you play a superhero or supervillain . i always loved it because it had such a great team interface and the ... i can't really speak for the whole enfp community , but i get very irrational when i am angry . i even recognize this fact in the moment , but for some reason ... continuing on behaving that way just ... and as a matter of fact , i have always hated ln for just this reason . i normally don't care too much for characters in movies - especially teenage dramas - but i have always bonded / identified with and had a very strong sense of sympathy for duckie from pretty in pink ... it's not that they don't appreciate it so much as ... music is just a more popular / accessible genre nowadays . more people relate to songs than to poems , and writing songs is also perceived as ... wasn't sure whether i should post my home ; where i am now ; or where i'm going to be moving in a few months , so i tagged myself where i'd been living most recently . bonus points to whoever can find ... i'm an enfp and somewhere between lawful and chaotic good , but not neutral good ... if that makes sense . i say this because i am very strong in my beliefs and stand fast to my personal morals and enjoy ... i tend to be a fan of dramatic license for narrative purposes , which often involves exaggeration , but i always try to keep true to the original stories . i'll exaggerate where it makes the story more ... woops , tagged the wrong person . cudibloop . also , double-post ... sorry . you're right - there are certainly exceptions . i just greatly dislike it when a group of friends doesn't want to do anything when they meet up except for watch a movie . a lot of it comes down to the ... i definitely understand the situation , jeremiahpuppybeast . i often respond immaturely , by getting upset and reproving my friends for not giving me the emotional support they owe me , or i'll keep ... i don't have any problem sitting through a movie , but i hate watching movies with friends , just because hanging out with friends should be a social event , while watching a movie is a completely ... when i say i'm a writer , i mostly mean that i write music . i enjoy writing poetry , but i don't write to put all my works in a drawer somewhere ; i write to share . people tend to be more interested in ... there was another point when i was a little older ( nine or ten ) in which i was pretty convinced that i was a robot built to do everything exactly like a human , but with a few flaws that accounted for ... i guess doug was an enfp ? 6 creepy things you never noticed about famous kids cartoons | cracked.com i think i can answer both of these questions together . i could never choose one favorite place or adventure i've been on , but mongolia is surely at the top of the list . a couple summers ago , i spent ... this song is pretty cool , but i just have a hard time taking them seriously because of how the frontman looks . is that screwed up ? i mean , it should be about the music , right ? i don't know . it's ... you've got a great voice . it sounds like you've got some classical / opera-style influence based on you voice and your question , but based on the fact that you even ask the question , i'm guessing ... i had a similar situation . it wasn't really an irrational thought ( it was based on plenty of evidence as far as i was concerned ) , but maybe irrational behavior . growing up in a catholic family , i had ... yeah ? like , in more depth than just determining which parts of the brain are more active ? so , basically , you guys are gonna be the ones who figure out how to put dreams on youtube , right ? ;) i am a pre-med student unsure of what specialty to go into but have always been captivated by the concept of sleep and dreams . i have also always had trouble falling asleep ( that is , until i ... i don't know enough about the types to be able to identify one in another person , but i had the girl i've been mutually in love with since middle school take the test the other day . her response was ... i'm curious to see which personality types are more disposed to learning foreign languages , and in what way . for me ( enfp ) , the best way to learn a language by far is full immersion : living in that ... you know , you could just talk bs for hours on end , couldn't you ? hey [ enfp's name ] , how've you been ? ? - person enfp absolutely does not know you're full of it . there's no way these stories ... confession : whenever i put on my glasses for the first time in a while or see one of those magnification / killyourselfesteem mirrors , i always think geez , i'm ugly . not in a disappointed way ; more a ... it looks like this is where i differ from most enfps . i don't like the word clingy and prefer to see it as being loyal or dedicated ... because to me it's a great virtue and one of the most important ... i know that i've hurt a lot of people for this exact reason . we can take the ( superficial but easily-related-to ) example of facebook . i used to go through my friends list maybe twice a year and ... as a kid ? heck , i have those thoughts all the time . in any given fraction of a second , i think of a hundred different completely irrational things that i would never do , but i imagine myself doing ... don't let us forget how much you care about us . we will always make you feel loved , worthwhile , and beautiful no matter what ... but it is very very very nice when our partners makes us feel the same ... the nice part is that people giving me crap for that kind of stuff never really bothered me because ... well , i knew who / what i was / am and didn't / don't really care what other people thought / think ... i've had idiots call me gay , mostly deriving from my long hair , emotionality , enthusiastic optimism ( often to the point of perceived cheesiness ) , glam-metal-inspire fashion when i feel like dressing ... hey everybody , i'm ugga . i think it was towards the end of middle school that i took my first myers-briggs test , but since then i've done it a few more times and always gotten the same results : enfp ... '