' the beauty of mad love therex 92s a fire in my heart on my own i donx 92t have enough gasoline to let it flame and now the burn is starting to hurt with your help i know this flame can warm us both ... dear infj penpal , i feel like i can tell you this after three years in that there are two sides to me . the one side which i often show is the respectful of your boundaries , that cares about you , ... ladies , women , girls if you were born a boy would you live your life differently ? if so how ? anna from when marnie was there love is more than a feeling , it is a decision . what do you think about people who have little experience in relationships ( romantic ) at 29 ? you and the world at large i know an infj , but only online . if i'm honest it's really easy for us to idealize you folks because you leave so much to the imagination . getting glimpses of your ni visions is magic , i must say ... dear infj , i've been infatuated with you for three years , and i see no end . you are a mystery to me , an enigma , but i am enamoured . thank you for your kindness and compassion . i have the patience ... i want to feel things deeply to the furthest depths my ocean heart can go even if that means when the storm tides come , my world crashes onto the shoreline .. you met me by the meadow . you arrived in a white car . there was light , enough for me to see you . you got out of the car with your hair in a pony tail , in your jeans and comfy sweater . as i watched ... careful . i think that falls under serious more so than lighthearted eh living in obscurity is is a daily practice against ego . in that regard i think isfjs are the least ego driven ppl . naturally , i think we practice the tao without knowing it we don't like conflict . sounds to me he's acting passive aggressively towards you ( which we sometimes do to avoid conflict ) all i know is i really appreciate infj insights . how long has it been for you ? still fresh wounds for me :( the ability to see the big picture is what is most fascinating to a dominant si user , me . the intuitive element is so mystical , probably because it's my last function . interesting how intuitives find ... whereas infjs prefer to discuss feelings and thoughts about particular movies and / or stories ? sfj : so , i watched this a movie last nightx 85 ( the isfj watches at least two movies every night ) infj : * rolls eyes * here we go . isfj begins to give an in-depth x93summeryx94 ( entire plot line word for ... truth be told , sometimes i tape myself talking ( vlogging ) to get the thoughts out but also to observe how i am outside of myself . it fucks you up this girl there ’ s this girl she ’ s a complete enigma sometimes i ponder whether she ’ s real there ’ s this girl who comforts me just with her presence it's really easy to take advantage of me so , please don't . nice metaphor hello ! i was thinking about this pairing and contrary to everything that's been said in the forums and articles , it's a dream match . the isfj's underlying need is to be taken care of , and who better ... agree ^ ^ . as for what you can do if you really want this to work , i'd advise for you to show your loyalty and patience for her . give her time to grow in that direction ( she'll eventually get there ) samesiess awesome post aizar - thanks for sharing your story ! it boils down to intention . in this instance i don't think your moral compass is screwed . it's a skill and seems that you have a natural tact for it - a gift perhaps . the dynamic of human interaction is very interesting ! i like to compare it in older couples and younger couples . human complexities , namely our paradoxes i'll start - steampunk . a + you send a song to an online friend with tagline happy friday ! is it your intention to discretely let the person know something about you and your feelings toward the recipient or other ... ... bookstores , hiking , at home i see isfjs being optimistic about other people but that energy turned to ourselves , not as much as we should . i don't know how functions play into it , maybe fe when you skip your bus stop because there's too many people on the bus and you just don't want to bother pushing your way through because there's too much assertiveness required haha i did / do too lol i feel bad for what i said earlier . i was just mad at someone for doing the same thing to me . had they communicated their needs it would have been a lot better . so , talk to her . tell her exactly what ... just leave , she's better off without you . found this description to be spot on and is my favourite . maybe it's been posted , but i don't know .. isfj | prelude character analysis 1 . security , patience , kindness , communication 2 . devotion 3 . a long time , 2 years and possibly more if the situation called for it 4 . get a sense of what they need and then do it 5 . for ... i've dealt with an infj for two years and know all too well about the hot and cold behaviour . what worked for me because we're still kinda friends was to continue being myself , keep sharing , be ... no , never - i've been infatuated with an infj for two years now and even though it's slow going , the thought of abandoning my feelings for said person breaks my heart . and we're not even in a ... 1 . would you ever consider going bungee jumping / skydiving ? yes , but would probably chicken out in the moment . 2 . would you ever consider getting plastic surgery ? yes , if it was a medical ... 1 . love is complete acceptance 2 . find out their love language and do it with sincerity 3 . find out my love language and do it with sincerity an intp wondered why it was so hard to say what was on my mind . but i just disappeared without a trace . would you have done the same thing ? i contemplated discretely posting it on my instagram as my ... be direct but not pushy - let her know you like her but there's no pressure - you'd still be around to be her friend and she can take all the time she needs , if she needs to . stuff like that 88153 sorry for being extra with the photo lol .. do isfjs think about their past a lot ? like past relationships , past friendships , etc .. yes , all the time . important ones are more prominent . 2 . as an isfj , would you ever go back to an ... i can't remember my 21st but i can remember my 22nd . spent it at home with 2 of my best friends just eating , talking , opening presents . simple and low-key . maybe memorable for isfjs or introverts = ... '