' i use eye contact as a way to maintain authority . people have told me it's intimidating . intj : how was work ? esfj : work sucked . today sucks . what's up with you ? intj : not a lot , playing minecraft with my sister . esfj : nice . i've been trying not to murder my parents . intj : what did ... new aesthetic perfection ! song : antibody . i'm big into scifi and horror games , mass effect , dead space , amnesia etc . but all time favourite has to be pokemon , it's just such a nostalgic game for me now . my sex life is extremely private and , as other people have said , i'm not really interested in another persons sexuality unless i'm interested in them on that level . as for being called asexual , i'm ... don't apologies . they should apologies to you . unless you legitimately insulted their intelligence , there is no reason to be apologizing for doing something they asked you to do . best thing to do ... there could be a number of reasons for this . she could be feeling ' out of sight , out of mind . ' if she was around the death , she would have been more effected but since he's in the home country , she ... my teenage years in gifs : 13 ... same here . also intj . do you believe in destiny ? nope . i believe we make choices . do you enjoy flirting for its own sake ? i don't out right flirt . people often mistake my sarcasm and arguing for flirting , but i do ... lets share our spirit animals ! ! this made me crack up . i get asked this a lot . my automatic response is why ? at which point people get confused or offended . i have a couple of things . actually make plans with people that don't drive you nuts . the coworkers you get along with or can easily show for ten minutes and then leave . this way , it wont be ... watched rise of the guardians . i've been avoiding it for some time since cute movies don't really do it for me , but i did enjoy it . santa had tattoos , which was awesome . plus , bunny and jack had good ... i typically write science fiction , fantasy , or criminal drama . these are usually what i read , granted i read way more horror . i think i lack irrational fear , which is why i can't write straight up ... best occupational category you're an organizer keywords self-control , practical , self-contained , orderly , systematic , precise , and accurate these conservative appearing , plotting-types enjoy ... i get the text thing all the time . if it's urgent , they can call me . if not , they can wait until i feel like responding . i hate questions about my outward appearance . why ... ... narcissism 88 % unconventionality 83 % i think there are different levels of sentiment . i'll get rid of a lot of things to the point that people ask me why i'm getting rid of such an ' important ' part of my youth / life etc . but they're ... replaying god of war until i have money for new games ... when someone asks you if you're sorry , but you're not and you tell them so , yet they still expect a meaningless sorry . people that cry a lot . i think it's something you work towards . if you ask others , they'll say i'm confident , but i don't always feel that way . after a long time of pretending to be confident , it becomes true all ... the exact reason i deleted my facebook , can't handle twitter , throw up at the sight of tumblr and whatever the hell else has been cooked up with social media . seriously . i don't know how many ... some phrases i say a lot . i told you so . i'm making a point . are you an idiot ? i hate people . when someone tells you to be enthusiastic and you're unsure of how to be even more enthusiastic than you originally pretended to be . the last time i cried was when i found out something extremely horrifying that happened to my mother when she was a kid . it was sort of a cry / panic attack and it actually scared me to the point that ... i should be cleaning my room , doing dishes and throwing out trash ... oh , and packing for my trip in 9 hours . i'm going to bed .  it's karma . for real ? ! no offense . smile ! well that's different . i agree with you , though i'm intj . growing up , all my friends were male . if i had female friends , they were the girlfriends of my male friends . it's mostly because i was never interested in the same ...  ... i respect people that are willing to stand up to me . i have strong opinions and i can be wrong , though i don't often get told this because people are afraid to disagree with me . anyone that is ... i have a strong dislike for math . it's the most uninteresting subject i took in school with the most unappealing and equally uninteresting teachers . teachers never really liked me because i would ... i think it's just his way of telling you to leave the situation alone . he's telling you that she's not your friend so that this friends don't treat friends like this doesn't apply . though , he's ... now that i've gained a certain amount of popularity amongst my professors and students in my major , i miss the days that people would ignore me and say my name wrong . i make sure that my male ... top 3 qualities in a partner stability . must have a job , must be emotionally stable . motivation . goals ? a pursuit in life ? common sense . is not so common , but it's nice when the person can ... i'm a filmmaker so i think i'm at least a little bit creative . i'm huge into film technically and i've been told that i'm a good producer / director due to my organization . my strength is actually ... i'm not sure where you're at in your moving watching career , so i just picked some basics . i could seriously go on for ages . ... ... someone is expecting a thank you , but you don't feel like they did anything to warrant the effort of thanking them . ... you forget the names of everyone in your class ( that you've been in all ...  for most things , i read first and last sentences . if it doesn't make sense , then i read the paragraph . when reading things i'm interested in , i usually read the full thing unless i'm getting ... it can be a joke sometimes , but they often use it as a way to get revenge against me . if i don't agree with them on something because reason isn't on their side , they immediately think i can't ... you know you're an intj when you are repeatedly told that you have the answer for everything . this is either said 1 . sarcastically 2 . followed by a nasty glare 3 . nicely to you by someone that ... being called a robot by friends has always bothered me . it just shows how little my friends think of me in respect to the fact that i can be none biased during most situations . not only is it ironic ... - getting obsessed over certain topics . if i didn't care for it , i didn't put any effort into the subject . high school : - writing papers the night before to get a better grade than most people ... of mana i enjoy being able to interact with individuals which share ( or as close to sharing as possible ) my perception of the world as far as people and relationships go . i don't know anyone like that ... i'm an intj and i once tested as an istj . either my n / s is very close or the completely disagree / completely agree tests throws me off . '