' mbti and jungs theories are pretty accurate , but i have found some flaws i the system itself . one being that it doesnt build off any actual scientific data or proof , are there any typing systems ... just curious , are you infp females generally attracted to infp males when you first meet them ? when i meet infp girls who are cool , i could never tell . i appreciate it , but not enough to let it interfere infp and i use mostly cognitive functions but also the i-e . i generally have a picture of each type in my head and when trying to type people tend to fit people into one of those categories . i ... really good thought , probably should start another thread for it sorry to hear about your experience with that isfj . isfjs in general tend to make really good friends to infps , but cant exactly be in relationships with us . isfjs have trouble understanding infps ... ok but do u think the function test is more accurate ? or do u think they're both inaccurates very interesting , so u think that opposites types would attract sexually ? theres someone i know who i definitely thought was an enfj . the person took the mbti test and came out completely enfj . then that person took the cognitive functions test and got 100 percent te and ... interesting that people seem to be romantically attracted to their same type for the most part , as i figured that opposites attract haha fluoride in the water , couldn't agree more yes especially with developed tertiary and inferior function i dont think youre describing only one specific type but it sound to me more isfp or nfp than infj definitely , great example of the practical difference between fi and fe ! don't worry about it , we all have those days :) and i agree that it definitely depends on an fi users feeling towards the individual in question . if an fi has a problem with that person the fi ... assume that there were 16 different mbti types before you , who are all stereotypes of their own type . please post your type and if you are male or female which 3 stereotypes are you most ... of course fe users care ! youre misunderstanding my point ! of course fe users have deep feelings and empathy ! my point was that often when assessing a situation , fe users inner feelings tend to ... seems isfp or esfp , ive known isfps who tell their friends to ask people if they like them definitely the fi dominant types . fe types tend to be more organized and proactive , and therefore do a good job of providing the world with their objective sense of morality via law and religion , ... when the infp asks you to help him on a personal creative project of his , hes in love i think it does sometimes since a lot of people date for selfish reasons . for example , an introvert might want to date someone more introverted than he / she is to boost self confidence and make them ... infp ... because they're from different worlds themselves estj - that's really interesting means : that comment was so fucking stupid . 6 months ago i would've kicked the shit out of you for saying that , but after my last lawsuit , i am obliged to lie and ... everything ted - infj - especially in the earlier seasons where hes seen as a hopeless romantic type . the way he connects all the pieces of his life together in the story seem very ni . robin - istp - ... thanx so much ! its very infp the house was there but the bricks were gone turned the lamp off , but the light went on tried not to try with all my might tried to meditate , but dreamed of a fight had a good connection , but ... not the one that posted the blog but thx i agree i am not familiar with mbtis exact definition for extroversion ( if it's actually what ur link is ) , plus i subscribe more to jungs cognitive functions then i do to briggs theory as a whole ( as she was ... i do not think extravert means to merely gain energy from social situations , i might not be a extravert but i still gain energy from socializing . as long as one is not extremely introverted , i ... i shouldnt have said si , i meant that since he is telling his children a story he is more bound to mention some details from his past , you're right that he focuses in on so many details of his past ... ted is definitely an infj in the first few seasons . himym is a tv show so the characters personalities aren't that consistent . especially this season when ted basically became a stereotype of his ... i mostly see ifs as being called cute , i think fi , fe and si are generally cute innocent functions while te , and se are more sexy i watch tv mainly to relax my mind , so when i watch it im not looking for a good story really , i am just looking for something to enjoy ( this is different with movies as i like deeper indie type ... no problem , glad i could help ! so this is the e ... ( nuclear bomb explodes cant finish typing ) it sounds to me like youre an enfp who developed your te very well as you got older . nobody stays the same forever and it is common for people to behave differently as they grow older . however , i ... i didnt say that ... im not in the nba i would say for the most part they're all sps because you need that se to be that much aware of everything that is going on around you in the sport . its ridiculous how the schools teach ab personalities and not mbti . sure ab personality system is easy to understand but its also very simple and inconclusive . i identify with neither type a nor ... generally infps are caring and appreciate justice , but that isnt definitely their most infp like trait . i would say the most infp like trait is daydreaming . but thats just me as for losing your ... i will try to post tomorrow i gotta find my recordings i have written a lot of songs , not sure if i should post them here though ... i wrote mostly about non conformity , philosophical ideas , and the idea of utopia haha yeah i am ! i love neuroscience ! that is my ideal field ! but i'm a little afraid it will be too much work right now im majoring in psych and doing premed courses ya as infps once we get out of our heads sometimes , its surprising how much energy we actually have just curious whats ur major ? wow i am dealing with almost everything you just said . here is infps problem with careers - fear of failure so dont want to try anything new - no motivation to do anything ( life has no meaning , ... isfj : i'll pay your electric bill istj : i'll help you with your investments ! isfp : writes a song for the person istp : want some weed ? intj : smell this chloroform please intp : writes the girl ... isfj - did too much homework istj - fell asleep in class after following rules too intensely isfp - doodling during class istp - smoking weed ( obviously ) intp - reading philosophy in class intj - ... yes it really bothers me when people take the test and say oh this test is so inaccurate bc im nothing like what it says . i think one of the factors is that people have to be honest on these ... i intend to live forever , or die trying . ~ groucho this is the most i / entj quote ive ever seen ill go with entj '