' 59 of 100 . low mach . entp istj ... this is what i think of how a tzar's personality should be . entp i was wondering if studying medicine is satisfactory for me as an intj and 5w6 . i am very interested in pure sciences but i think studying medicine would be wiser . but i don't know if the theories ... only one . in the mirror . istx ... it's like some kind of name for a mission or a super secret spy operation . estj ... well , but i still don't know what kind of personality zombies have . wow , do you know farsi ? ritual : istj infp ... dreamy . as a student teachers always criticized me that i make simple facts complex to myself . and they advised me to relax and just think simple like other people do . thinking complicated about complex ... archery , and i like it.also i have practiced swimming since i was four . well , being aware of people's emotions doesn't prevent you to be intj . i consider myself an intj , my brain works like an intj and all the people around me admit that . and one of my favorite things to ... estp ... something manly . well i do the opposite . i always take the stupidest possibility of a behavior as the basic form so i can manage my works with the chaotic mode of society . infp very interesting : you are a scholar scholars are intellectuals that pay attention to fine details . they spend a lot of time in their mind investigating and exploring new ideas . they usually like ... i don't have a smartphone . actually mine is a very old cell phone and i really enjoy its hard and geeky look . : wink : i experience an unhealthy political atmosphere here in my country iran . but actually there is a little space for some political debates . but everyone avoid to go certainly for specific names or ... istj ... melkor , sauron , and all the nazgul . yeah , i like dangerous guys . jaqen h'ghar from game of thrones . valar morghulis ! a . if you could get away with one murder in your lifetime without any legal , social , or emotional repercussions , would you kill someone ? no . i am no master of other's lives . b . what is your ... estp ... something pragmatic . best hot scary evils ? very inviting . entp maybe entj ? isfp . i read short threads fully , but for long threads i choose random posts in each page . maybe istp . well when i watch a movie with them or something like that , i would like to focus on it while they just make statements on how they think or how they feel about the characters or the plot etc . that is ... i don't know why most of us agree on prim being f . i think a t type would be also suitable for prim . she is wise and very realistic to those things happen around her and in difficult situation she is ... i avoid small talks but if i don't then the small talk will be no more a small talk . it will be replaced with a critical conversation about sociology , politics ect . carteblanche : emm ... infj . katniss everdeen : isfj peeta mellark : enfp gale hawthorne : entj primrose everdeen : istp rue : infp i use these words when is needed . when someone deserves a thanks i will use this word for sure and if i done something wrong i would say sorry . no more or no less than what should it be.when it ... when you should obey your teacher no matter how illogical and irrational he thinks or act . and even worse when he makes you to confirm his ideas . it is me except this part nothing about anything else . actually , the whole school consider me as a huge dictionary and data processor . : - w behavioral ecology is about basis of animal behavior . niko tinbergen emerged it from ethology , the study of animals behavior under natural condition . it includes studies of competition behaviors like ... sherlock holmes from the crime drama sherlock . i'm going to teach behavioral and population ecology to my math teacher ! so i am focused on ecology , evolutionary biology and complex systems . i want to learn and i want to create + life is meaningless without fantasy :) greetings everyone ! age : 16 location : tehran , iran ( middle east ) job : teaching english to my grandmother :D relationship status : single hobbies : reading and writing , gaming , drawing , thinking ... '