' most definitely ! ... :) yesterday i went swimming directly after eating . today ... running with scissors ... i like living on the edge . mint chocolate chip , with homemade strawberry a close second .  thanks to everyone for all of your posts ! i do not respond or post much anymore , but it is nice to see this thread still alive , and to be introduced to new films and wonderful scenes . 1930 ' s carmina burana - carl orff ( not really an album , but ... ) 1940 ' s ? 1950 ' s : kind of blue - miles davis runner up : lady in satin - billie holiday ( her voice was gone , but she sang her heart ... i go through phases . in high school it was mostly heavy metal and classic rock ( some contemporary ) . iron maiden was my favorite at this stage , and i was also quite in to the tragically hip , the ... first celebrity crush ever : carrie fisher ( princess leia in star wars ) . later : audrey hepburn , barbara hershey , megan follows ( anne of green gables ) , alanis morissette , diane lane , linda ...  your personality type is : advocate ( infj-a ) mind this trait determines how we interact with our environment . 0 % extraverted ~ 100 % introverted energy this trait shows where we direct our ... i'd be a cat ... :) the rinpoche ( chökyi nyima ) at the shedra where i was studying at in nepal had two of these . beautiful creatures , but a bit scary . they stayed in the main hall , outside his ... while it is not my cup of tea , i do not begrudge those who enjoy it . pokemon was well after my time , so i am only vaguely aware of it , mostly thorugh my younger cousins who did play and enjoy the ... character generally typed as infj with whom i identify : luke skywalker , jane eyre , obi wan kenobi , the tinman ( the wizard of oz ) . other characters i identify with , but am uncertain of their type : ... this is something i would be interested in trying . i have also considered trying ayahuasca ( guided by a shaman ) . i had an amazing experience with mushrooms in mexico about three years ago . i took ... i do not spend much time gaming , though i have in the past . i also tend to play good characters . my characters tend to be of either the chaotic or lawful good variety , if you will forgive the ad & d ... absolutely . i an intensely introverted , and likewise have mixed feelings about my fellow homo sapien sapiens ( myself included ) . i fluctuate between an all-encompassing love and feeling of ...  mbti : infj enneagram : 9w1 , 4w5 , 5w4 instinctual variants : sp / sx socionic : ? horoscope : virgo chinese zodiac : ox oops ... didn't remember that that was all in my signature ... :) i , too , strive for balance . i try to live by my own personal code , and to act as much as possible with magnanimity and compassion , and to maintain my integrity . i try to help others when the ... hazel from watership down . i have tried psilocybin , though i have not had sex under its influence . i suspect that it would quite amazing , if somewhat intense . i think it might come down to how much the individuals involved ... jane eyre sabina ( the unbearable lightness of being ) princess leia organa ( star wars ) rogue ( x-men ) raistlin majere ( dragonlance ) valentine michael smith ( stranger in a strange land ) hazel ... i retook the test and got : i'd rather eat dirt . some of my relatives used to drag me to those church camp things , but i always became ill and had to return home . 1 . blonde on blonde - bob dylan 2 . pearl - janis joplin 3 . rumours - fleetwood mac 4 . rabbit songs - hem 5 . tie ... best of leonard cohen and ken burn's jazz : sarah vaughan ( both compilations , so a bit ... i have felt like this toward my mother . my father was bi-polar , and a violent , alcoholic and hard drug user , so it was easy to cut him off ( and he has been dead for quite some time ) . my mother ( istj ) ... just finished the walking dead season one this morning . even though i knew , more or less , the ending , it still packed quite an emotional punch . granted the writing is hit or miss throughout , mostly ... i do find that my inhibitions are much reduced when i drink . like you , a few drinks seems to enhance my se , and i have even had moments of clarity after drinking quite a bit , where i suddenly feel ... i do not play a great many video games currently , but have played a bit in the past . i haven't played any on your list , but have heard good things about journey . i have posted some of my favorites ... this is a bit belated , but congrats on your sleek , shiny , new robot self !  male : maybe a 6 . female : probably closer to a 2 . strive at first to meditate upon the sameness of yourself and others ; in joy and sorrow all are equal . be the guard of all , as of yourself . -8:90 so i will dispel the pain of others , since ... i don't believe in ghosts . congrats , stephen , and thanks for all that you do and have done for the community . i have always been a bit of a skeptic , and tend to question just about everything . i tend to dismiss “ supernatural ” phenomena and to quite actively refrain from magical thinking and superstition . i ... what is a dumb way you've hurt yourself ? a few years ago when i was first starting yoga i decided that i would master the scorpion pose . so ... instead of waiting patiently until i ( and my core ) was ... i went to galveston last month while i was in texas visiting my mother . it was just a day excursion to see my tibetan teacher and her husband ( who is from texas ) and father . lovely area , and really ... i had intended to spend a month or two camping in yosemite this summer , after finishing my first two semesters studying in kathmandu ( well , boudha ) , but the earthquake which happened just before ... what color is your underwear right now ( please be wearing something ... ) ? light gray , fruit of the looms cotton boxers . what's your favorite board game ( or similar ) ? when i was younger i ... 1.what is romance to you ? how would you define it ? if you'd prefer , you can post art , songs , quotes , poems etc . to convey the way you see it . feel free to share whatever you want in whatever way you ... it might help to study the cognitive functions a bit and see which are a better fit . infjs and infps do not share any of the same cognitive functions . also , reading up as many definitions of both ... joyce tenneson 343537 3435 45 343553 3435 61 343569 edmund dulac 343489 3434 97 343505 robert henri 343513 3435 21 '