darlingwildflower welcome to perc ! i'm not sure about my grandparents on either side of the family . mom - enfj dad - istj brother - enfp me - intj hello :) welcome back ! hi , avery ! welcome to perc from a fellow intj ! :) welcome centurion ! welcome ! that poem was so beautiful it almost brought me to tears . :P welcome to the forum ! hi sadie :) welcome to perc ! old prime - superpower wiki capabilities - the user has great status both mentally and physically despite their old age either from years of training or off the fly making their opponents often ... welcome to the forum socio 2365 ! perhaps you can try volunteering ( not sure if you do already ) ? that way you could feel like you're making a positive impact on the world . your aspie score : 66 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 153 of 200 you are very likely neurotypical welcome to personality cafe ! i had the opposite experience from you , i originally thought i was an intp but after researching more found out i was an intj . welcome to perc majenkatu ! human nature one side they fight for good on the other evil but for what are they truly fighting who is to say which side is correct or who is wrong ? left will argue right right argues left eagle 9615 ( michelle ) on deviantart my camera has been malfunctioning , so i haven't been able to upload any recent pictures . hello , welcome to the forum ! welcome to the forum ! i've always found highschool extremely boring , which is why i'm finishing senior year online . i understand where you're coming from with hating teachers that stand over your ... welcome to the forum ! i hope myers-briggs can continue to help you with your journey of self-discovery . :) florida popcorn . i went to see frozen . welcome to the forum ! and i agree , having the ability to shoot fire from my hand would be awesome . sent from my sony xperia z using tapatalk - you need to be more social ( said by my esfj friend ) - it's hard to tell what you are thinking - how can you not care ? ( one of my other friends trying to drag me into their drama ) - i can always ... welcome to the forum , philipsalido ! : happy : my aunt is one of those people . when people decide that what they want to say is more important than what i'm saying and talk over me . i live in a house full of extroverts , so this happens often . the hobbit : desolation of smaug . welcome to the forum ! :) good morning and welcome to the forum , fattreza ihsan ! :) yes , although i don't eat a lot of it . another intj born in may , here ! watching rent or buy . tests usually get my type right . occasionally they will type me as intp or istj . global 5 : sloan rloai ; sloan + | r | xoai ; primary reserved ; r ( 74 % ) l ( 52 % ) o ( 74 % ) a ( 58 % ) i ( 70 % ) reserved ( 6.1 % of women ; 9.3 % of men ) outsider , does not fit in most places , does not mind going days ... hello , welcome to the forum ! welcome to the forum , fellow floridian intj ! i don't remember it , but now i feel the need to go look it up youtube . edit : got ninja'd with the video link . welcome to the forum ! if it's a random person i'll ignore them . if i'm already arguing with someone and they start yelling , then i'll start yelling back . when i do get into an argument it's usually with my family , more ... welcome to the forum ! this cult of yours sounds interesting , do you perhaps have room for an intj member ? welcome to the forum ! i agree with you on the tests , you should use them as a starting point to figure out what type you might be and then do research on that type and others you may relate with . hello isaac , welcome to perc ! don't worry i understood your english just fine . :) if you're going to lead the rebellion , don't tell the people you're rebelling against . they will be suspicious of you before you get anything started . anyway , welcome to the forum ! english version of carolus rex by sabaton . welcome to perc ! yes i do . whenever someone calls i tend to get up and walk around the house while talking . according to that meme i'm an empress and i refuse to bow . now all we need to do is get all the non-intj's to bow before us . : cool : i'm a left-handed intj . welcome to the forum ! i also joined recently :) my mother is an enfj . welcome to perc ! i'm in 12th grade this year . i'm finishing high shcool online , but when i was in school my favorite class was physics . i'm fine with being an intj .