' i don't really care much about casual sex . if it happens then it happens , if it doesn't then i don't really care . some of the intj-like phrases i've used recently ... this is stupid fxxking stupid people , i hate stupid people , why um , hello , dis be city , no jungle , please be civilized . speak , don't ... yeah i guess that's why i said female , it's just a random remark . i have dated three entj's and two former close friends in which all of them encounters consist by all males . totally sorry for the lack of experience , i thought those were enough encounters . i'm a scorpio and an intj , my boyfriend is pisces and also an intj . whoever says that scorpios are sensor people are definitely not one ! ha . scorpio has been known to be one of the most intuitive ... . i'm a cynic but i think that's only realistic . i'm an optimist though . looking at past texts and conversations , and as misplacedelements had said , play-and-replaying scenarios . imagining what it would be like if they hadn't left . is this going to be some kind of divinatory reading or something ? calculate away ! date of birth : november 7th 1992 time of birth ( must be exact , within 5minutes ): 16:00 , gmt + 7 location of birth : ... sit down . go on facebook . lurk them on facebook . scroll until the beginning of time . go through all photos . being all freaky and shit . gender : female hair color : jet black hair style : straight , slightly above shoulder , side-swept bangs eye shape : natural cat-eye eye color : black ( well .. extremely dark shade of brown to the point ... x9610 . please get off my back . rawr . unless if i have a crush on you , please give me an 8 maybe like every other day for , say , 3 hours . fair enough ? shit . this . yes . because intelligence is sexy . being a photographer , i'm around male models a lot and i've seen a lot of their naked ripped body , where all the women in the room would be all giddy and sh * t ; but ... what can i say , they're the most efficient way to deliver the message as accurate as possible ... i do photography , and i'm not too sure if it really defines the artist ( i . e . me ) as an intj ... oops i forgot i posted on this thread before ! it may come off as abrupt if she doesn't think you guys are close enough for that to happen . as a guy i think it's safe for you to initiate affections :) i know it may come unnatural for intjs , but i ... i don't know , i become super loving and super serious at the same time when drunk . _ . i get conspicuously friendly whilst i'm just kind of quiet sober . this is a real question : how does this differ with an entj ? just curious . intj – whew , this is hard – – i even try to be more obviously flirting when i like someone , alas i'm too shy . smiling to them more than you usually smile to everyone in general – – i find myself to ... i don't know any female entjs , but those seem accurate . they're interesting people and they've got interesting things to say , but they can come off as big jerks if you disagree with them , and it's ... with tendency to be so confident and presumptuous , a lot of you come off that way . you're so into me though eeek . dear entjs , we're not easily offended and you know that and that's why you can joke explicitly with us – – but sometimes you have to realize you say some insensitive things :( ( my closest ... am i the only intj who had been fired for being too loud ? me and an enfj friend - - me : i miss you and i miss portland ! i'm so sentimental about it enfj : you have emotion ? just kidding , girl ! me : but i'm always an abundance of emotion ... enfj : ... me ... what i'd rather do is to not initiate any contact with him for around two-weeks , and i'd ask him directly afterwards if there's no contact by then . that sucks , but i guess i've been guilty for ... cece parekh in new girl series ha , what's it like dating an intj ? just curious as to what it's like to date myself . entjs ... ... yet i'm so drawn to them more so than any other types . entjs are huge douchebags , haha ! awmagad . : laughing :: kitteh : indonesia would be a type 2 . state your mbti – intj do you keep your promises ? – yes , unless the person is being pushy and wouldn't take no for an answer , that'd give me no choice and i'd just promise meaninglessly to get over ... intj x96 whew , this is hardx 96x96 i even try to be more obviously flirting when i like someone , alas i'm too shy . it's possible that i'd be feigning disinterest out of awkwardness , but i will always ... i've only dated entjs and istjs ( dunno why ) . with all being xxtj's , i think i'm pretty affectionate . yup yup . that would take me a while though , and i wouldn't be the first to initiate affection – – ... i think i mostly taunt people ( playfully ) . humor ? puns , wordplay , witty , sarcastic . 1 . approach different group of people in a bar / restaurant 2 . directly announce that you're looking for an intj ; say something like heeey so any of you is an intj ? 3 . endure shame and repeat till ... see bitches cry . jk . you have a confidant you rely on when it comes to decoding the person of your love interest because you are oblivious to whatever hint / flirtation your potential suitor is giving you . you screen ... wait what wait do's 1 . keep greetings short and simple whenever either one walks in – – hey would do . you don't need to ask how he's doing for the hell of it . 2 . be responsible about keeping the living room and ... yeah i know but it's not like that , it's just that ... excuses , excuses , excuses . why are you so negative ? you have to be positive towards people and stop being so skeptical x96 says my enfj ... i'm an intj but i've dated two entj men and both of them liked cuddling more than i do . i think mine would be slightly related to your case regarding to asking too many questions . the firing case was that they are making it look like i was fired because i got in late ( once , i am ... no ... i personally think that i prioritize on things that actually matter and i do have an efficient and practical workflow in lifex 96x96 thus i find whining about mundane things or unnecessary drama ... at home . binging on reading . thinking about why i have been so dateless for a long time * * . and then . i remember . that . i . don't . get . out . of . my room . for ... five days a week . lool . * if i'm out ... asking me out last minute on the first few dates . put some effort , bleh . heh , not all i think . my only intj look like crap ( sorry , i'm being honest ) . well-groomed and well-dressed , thoughx 96x96 i think they girls would tend to dress sharp instead of looking cutesy . for ... somehow entj's are drawn to me and would see me as ' on par ' compared to other people in their surroundings ( no passive-aggressively humble-bragging ) , but they still think that i'm too negative about ... '