' i found out that my favourite band everrr is coming to amsterdam soon . years of waiting and i'll finally get to see them . huh ! huuuh ! : unsure : a spoon in a sugarpot , a wet , licked spoon , ew jesus . dream theater is fantastic . : ) welcome . lovelovelove  i have my own weird lame systems behind it . it's not what i'd really like , but i've failed so many times trying to customize my desktop / icons to the point of ... the last couple of years whenever i actually made it to school i just slept through all the classes . before that i was a psycho nightmare . i liked crushing teacher's here rule i fantasies , whatever ... 1 . what mbti type are you ? infj 2 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is english / language arts in school ? 5 3 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is math in school ? 4 4 . how many musical instruments ... yehah , couple a years ago , i wouldn't even leave the house . for six months . : happy : i will never get on facebook . never . eugh . o hai , fellow estonian . i've seen hacked cams footage online before and i don't fancy becoming a star like that - my cam's always covered if i'm not using it . i found some tea ! i thought i was out of it and almost started panicking - i can't live without tea ! - but then i found a little jar full of teaaa . i have no idea what tea it is , but it tastes like ... fucking aaay to günther ! aaand .. : cool : hulk rage is well said , ahaha . i thought i was a psycho of some sort . i reaaally can't stand pussy by rammstein . it's not even that the song is so awful , it deserves no more than a shrug , but it's people who seem to worship it who make it worse for me . in every group ...  best game ever . : cool : back in the day i must've been around 5-6 , yet i remember actually finishing the game . and now i have trouble with ... making rice & curry for them little sisters . : ' ) copyright's already appropriated . shit luck . : mellow : going on something specified as a date would be weird and uncomfortable . i would fail so hardly it wouldn't matter whose ultimate dream it was , i would spend the time cracking my brains with ... skins true blood house criminal minds friends how i met your mother desperate housewives ugly betty nip / tuck family guy comforting . : laughing : oh , oh oh ! i remembered this thing called i-doser - brainwave synchronizer that emulates the use of a prescription drug . this kind of stuff gets me all hyped , even though last time i tried it , it ... i've watched everything there is to watch on harry potter dvd's , several times . seeeveral times . : unsure : usually i only watch bloopers . she * : ' ) i sound like a crazy cat lady , don't i . : d i had a cat who one moment was purring and rubbing herself against your legs and being all lovey-dovey cute & the next moment he would go totally loon , start screaming and bit you . go figure . i never ... i'm unable to say positive things about myself and truly mean them , feels weird . i tend to joke around like i'm overly confident , but i'm so not . : ( watching cnn . is iran building the bomb ? blarghh . i don't care much for music videos anymore , but that is funfunfuuun :  spotify : cool : i would never ever admit it to someone face-to-face , but it's really a delicate subject for me ahahahhahaa . and now i'm feeling even worse , because i can't answer to the question - i haven't even ... a veterinarian . death becomes her purely hilarious . wonder woman . baowaowaaoowww . i wisssh . i'm on the edge of snapping , i want one great night of sleep . now . i'm like fucking high , all this shit running through my head , but the ability to express myself is cut away . please , oh pleaaasee i ... i have no clue what should i do . goddamn no clue at all . voluntary work isn't much of a career or what ? i'd like to .. travel . bwaha . i don't know what to dooo . sobsob . i get oh noeezz don't give me that look : unsure : comments often . and i don't even know what they're talking about . : ' d another thing is puppy eyes , which means i wanna slap the person who gets ... when i was younger , i used to break bones for the sakes of it . every year i would have some part of me wrapped in a plaster cast for a month or two . now i've learned to stay out of kindergarten ... pretty much the same what spook said in her first sentence . i always need to look and be at my best and if the event is important for me , i'll plan everything ahead . if not , i care more about looking ... thanks . : ) i smell of sweet berries . sweeet . i don't like colours , i like black . and white . and gray . solid yay . and i'm kind of lying because i'm wearing a severe amount of purple right now , so i supppose i dig that too . youtube - lykke li - hanging high i do not believe in any kind of psychic powers , let alone admitting to have them myself . yet i do get intuitive feelings about people and their general motives , meaning i can tell if they're up for ... i used to be such a sucker for the sims , now i can't bother playing it at all . i recently installed the sims 3 agaaain , played it for 5 minutes and uninstalled it . : d but i do still enjoy making ... youtube - we fell to earth - the double i have a crappy memory in general & the most common thing to happen to me is that in need of something i take it from its usual whereabouts , get distracted for a second and baaang , i forgot where i ... '