' 7 months later ... i appreciate all y'alls responses . i'm trying to figure out how to have more than a superficial relationship . so far my strategy is : stare at person , gain attention , run far far ... admittedly , i have felt insulted before . my family used to call me cold-hearted or say that i had no sense of humor or that i was uptight . i felt insulted cause it seemed as though they were ... this is the opposite of an insult . i used to feel legitimately proud when kids playfully called me a nerd or vampire ( cause i never left my house durring daylight hours ) . it was nice that others ... yes . yes . yes . i very much dislike it , though i try to keep in mind the other persons intentions . it definitely feels belittling . sent from my vs985 4g using tapatalk hey , what are your relationship goals ? both realistic and nonrealistic . some of mine : - to be honest without offending - to trust someone - to find someone who actually likes to cook and clean . lol have you ever met an intp ? what was your perception of that individual ? what was the experience like ? i hate humans . like , we have so many insecurities . like , why can't we all agree to abide by social niceties in order to get things done ? why can't we see that our own personal opinions are not ... why you no more reply , people ? boring ? ... oh ... ok . : exterminate : i think very similarly . though i identify with the ili profile , i don't yet feel that i fully understand the system as a whole . thank you for the resource . :) i only know one xntj and , surprisingly , she approves of me . i mean , i definitely play to her tastes when around her , but , hey , after hearing so many intp vs xntj stories , i'm feeling pretty proud of ... so , over the years , while exploring the subject , i have noticed some distinct differences between myself and the average intp . many of which involve traits that are typically associated with my ... so , over the years , while exploring the subject , i have noticed some distinct differences between myself and the average intp . many of which involve traits that are typically associated with my ... congratz : rolleyes : probably : rolleyes : petty response to petty response well , ain't you a lucky one . ;) i don't know about others , but i've spent pretty much my entire life alone . most of the time , it doesn't bother me . but , sometimes , i get this tug a war which results ... when i was little , i was doing random research ( as i often did , lol ) , and i came across the definition of psychopathy . i didn't know the negative connotation at the time and so i happily brought the ... though i'm frustrated with the situation , i don't blame my brother for his opinion . i'm the way that i am and he is the way that he is . i only wish that there wasn't such a disconnect between us . preach sista . and it's ironic because we are so uninterested in infringing our own values on others in return . but then we would both be happy . lol i was under the impression that intps were one of the most independent types . i know , personally , i have trouble depending on others ( one of the many things that i apparently need to change about ... maybe people think they have the right to criticise because they know that we won't retaliate . perfect timing . yesterday my istj brother ( who basically raised me ) spent about 3 hours berating me about all of the aspects of myself that i need to change . i respect his opinion so this was ... lol . story of my life . i wonder if this is a typical result for many , or if it just seems to happen with intps . perhaps it has something to do with our propensity to over-analyze this stuff . did you ever figure your type out ? on the other hand , i get along particularly well with istjs and intjs ... i tend to enjoy their no-bs personality and thick skin . i can actually say what i think and they don't take it personally ... i've gotten into screaming matches / visibly upset with two different esfps before . this mostly happened as a young teen , but i did resort to arguing once as an adult . i don't regret the outburst ... absolutely nothing and it is blissful . :p roud : i have to admit that i am slave to that stereotypucal intp fe push / pull effect . i want to feel emotional connection but then again ... i don't . with your higher fe , was that something that you had to ... mark r's 452825 4528 17 you're right about having a higher fe . nature or nurture ? insight amongst the memes . : wink : would you be creeped out if i turned your results into a chart as well ? for comparison ? i gave into my whims and turned my results into a chart . lol . ( i used the chart feature on microsoft word , chose stacked bar , and then prtsc it . ) 452025 looking at it like this , i definitely ... i'm interested in seeing the make-up of other intps cognitive functions . i took the similarminds test , and these were my results . although , it was an interesting quiz , i felt that it more ... read . diversely and frequently . i've only recently discovered that i have a particularly well developed ne , but looking back i believe that reading a wide variety of books is what gave me this ... i'm disappointed that i didn't get more replies ... a year later , and only 1 reply . lol i was hoping to find more media outlets to obsess over . to be honest , i've never actually felt this amount of dislike for something without having a logical reason . in fact , i don't really consider there to even be a logical reason to dislike someone . i ... ugh . so , my roommate asked me to explain intp to him since i've referenced it before while trying to decern his type . i tried to explain that i considered an intp to be someone who's goal is to ... eh ! i say almost all of these . lol . but these reminded me of a few more : so ? which i use as a dismissive why does that even matter ? how do you mean ? , can you be more specific ? , how ... thank you for your response :p roud : i found it very informative and helpful and i'm looking forward to anything else that you might add . you're spot on about their characteristics so far and ... overcome procrastination . but if i couldn't have that , i would like to stop over thinking things . it takes me 3 times as long to analyse a topic because i have to approach it from every angle ... hey there , as an intp , i seem to find myself using key phrases and words that i've learned will help others better understand where i am coming from . it occurred to me that other intps might be ... i'm not listening to anything impressive enough to post . : rolleyes : : wink : i posted a description of some people that i very much dislike and want to understand better . i'm hoping to figure out if they are a specific type and how best to handle them . here is the link to ... so i spent tonight with my roommate yet again . he seemed to be preoccupied with a desire to convince me that his job is the worst job and that it treats him unfairly . i normally don't participate in ... i was afraid of that . i'm just trying to figure out what the hell to do now . : frustrating : this whole thing turned out to be mostly a venting session ... sorry . i bolded the important stuff though , so hopefully that helps . so i have come across three people in my life that have had ... '