' oh and i'm definitely right-brained i'm more comfortable with approximations than intj's , and i have thought about being an infj because i do feel very deeply ... but i think this is just a contrast to my esfp friend who's emotions are ... people tell me my driving is reckless and frightening . i don't get that ... i don't take any risks , i just ... go fast ... i usually keep my energy up by picking a rather unnoticed looking corner that is in the perfect spot - not creepy and loner , but not social butterfly . that way , most people who walk over i actually ... does any entj have any experience romantically with an entj and how did that turn out ? very true . although sometimes the t / f balanced types throw me for a loop . the methods i use are slightly different , i've found that a fellow n is much easier to label than an s . my rule has become , when in doubt , s . and i've almost always been right . for t / f ... i ... i used to have that problem with roads . i still describe them with landmarks instead of primarily with names . i have that automatic intj tendency to leave my shoes , purse , keys etc in the same place ... i like dressing up too ... actually i usually stick out slightly because i dress pretty boho . i can't help it . everyone else wears the most ridiculous things . need . i am eternally grateful to my mother for not allowing me to eat what i wanted to eat for breakfast at six ( something involving a bucket of sugar per scoop ) , instead she gave me what i needed ... i test as intj / intp too , but i figured out that its because among my dominant p friends i've learned to chill out and just have fun . left on my own or with slightly j or x friends i take a more ... ... i must admit that sounds like an excellent beer , and particularly intj suited . but , you get my point . i used to have a few of those friends . hey man what are you doing tonight ? ... ... would you really want a grown man drunk at 1 in the afternoon to be your friend ? the most intelligent conversation you could have would be swapping favorite beers and their flavors . thats very true ... i realized this as i profiled my distant great aunt or somesuch a few minutes ago . conversation went smoothly . when a guy walks up to you in a public place and asks you on a date and you just stare blankly , measuring his features , which are obviously perfect , but you fail to be physically attracted ( there is , ... if someone asks what you are thinking about you come up with a completely different topic of discussion just so you can avoid the hour long explanation that would accompany . when you give them the ... i'm actually a student worker in the library . my majors are philosophy and history ... i just really wish i was a professional assassin . at least for a day . hahahaha ... oh well in that case i own about a dozen . sweet . i even have one that warns people away on my unsociable days . i'm a professional assassin / bounty hunter . its hard work , but weeding out the lesser of the human race is a noble enough profession . i would second the eye of providence idea if it weren't for those damned freemasons . i certainly wouldn't want them taking the credit . hmmm . awww ... its cute how your need for attention is fulfilled in this forum . however , i'm afraid i have a very short fuse for people like you . have fun critiquing . it is at least amusing . same with the idea of needing a logo by the way . ... so what you're saying here is no one in this post who desires a logo can be intj ? you're ridiculous . that's alright though . forums ... haha ... you're using helpful member as cover for being a complete ass . and as far as you're using a blatant declaration of an arbitrary personality type as a substitute for actually having a ... well i guess because you say so i must not be an intj . after all , its impossible for a female intj , to desire a t-shirt that displays her type . i guess they'll go off the market soon , since real ... hey now . i had no idea there was an intj shirt . or shirts if you please . omygod i'm buying one of those shirts she was female ... with a lot of security issues and affirmation needs ... we are no longer friends ... i can relate to you on the confidence issue . i never thought i exuded confidence at all , but several people have told me i exude confidence to the point of coming off extremely arrogant . after some ... i get that all the goddamn time . i've even been called a lesbian ( jokingly by a preppy target ad ) . i dress very bohemian-esque and tend to show only my t side . i do not look butch at all , so that ... yeah i definitely don't relate to the description i think i'm more intj but occasionaly ixtj hahha . thats hilarious . i've had similar experiences with people , one of which comes to mind was quite recent . my exfj friend wanted to come over to show me her car , only i know it won't be to show ... well i'm a student worker in a library hah , definitely not a career . yes , more or less you find a lot of weirdos and s's in the library . i'm 90 % sure my boss is an esfj . how funny . i had an intj female friend who asked me nearly the same thing when i quoted statistics that intj women were rarest , then infj men . she got very defensive and irrational . maybe this is ... yes but i can stifle them . most times i acknowledge them and measure their rationality . feign sickness . you can explain when you know them better that it was to save any hope you held for a future relationship with them . hahah ... when i have too much social contact and i'm extremely ... when i'm ready for another social situation , i'll either make it known or take people up on the offers of the past few days . haha . most of my friends have begun to understand my warning signs of ... i think for a young intj i have an especially deep but introverted f function . such as , harmony is extremely important to me , and unfriendly conflict ( v . healthy debates / arguments ) stress me to no ... socal unfortunately haha ... well i know a few istjs and they are coincidentally all involved with law enforcement . hm . i tend to drive like a crazy person ( because i'm usually thinking about something else ) and break , ... i regularly break too many laws to be an istj no i don't think so . but i was just reading through the istj profile and it actually really annoys me ... i'm twenty and have similar difficulty in relationships . for me it got worse ... but i also became more introverted and t , sooo ... i would say there's the occasional doomed female intj . but ... is there any dependable sure fire way to tell if you are intj v . istj i was certain i was an intj , but some recent occurrences have been causing me to rethink and a personality test even pointed ... oh okay makes sense . yeah , good point . the root of my question comes from looking up the symptoms and observing that a lot of those occur in my life , although most of them not to the extreme extent ... definitely not what i'm saying . i'm not saying intj's have bpd inherently , i'm asking if there seems to be a predisposition . comments are very much appreciated , as is constructive criticism ... well my aim is to determine ( as far as i can ) whether the disorder seems to show up more with the intj because of their extreme personality ( such as : an intj not exactly taught to handle emotion ... do you ( fellow intj's or people who have known or know intj's ) find that borderline personality disorder is more common with this type than others ( personal experiences appreciated ) , or not so ? ahaha ... have a friend esfp ... well ... friend until she went off the wall and became such a complete f that nothing coming out of her mouth relates to the english language . i found out earlier our family has a genetic disposition on both sides . lovely . i can happily report as far as getting out that wil be happening next month , and provide a needed reprieve from my ... that would have been nice . if i would have mentioned masturbation at the table they would probably crap their pants . or tell me its unladylike . it would help to mention they are both extremely ... '