' getting money is my favourite kind of compliment . <3 and i see you even brought ginger juice to hydrate us . :) what a good way to end the date . thank you . i had a wonderful time . amazing ! you delivered ! through the magic of imaginary internet dates , we transition to this number and perform it flawlessly . as the night ... hm . i have a hard time relating to other people's feelings , in that it's difficult for me to put myself in their shoes sometimes , and i've been known to forget to take people's feelings into account ... it was an intermediate class , so it was quite challenging for me as a beginner . i was actually pretty impressed at my ability to keep up . i was pleasantly surprised to find my body remembering to ... oh , cool . i like many of those things too ! i quite like dancing and tried some hip-hop lessons recently . do you dance at your cafe ? how does one dance to jazz music ? i live somewhere in north ... i'm confident that you've done more impressive things in your life than that . i loved hearing your description of that cafe , for example . that was impressive . is that actually a real place that you ... oh , i meant , i don't know what the term abs means . : tongue : you're doing great . i'd love to go to this funky cafe that you love . it sounds awesome , and on top of that , i'm excited to see you ... abs ? aw , i would love to do that with you ! i prefer anime that's humorous and doesn't take itself too seriously . i love shows with a lot of character depth , even moreso than a good story . what ... ha ! my opinion is the opposite . there are so many styles of board games out there , and a range of qualities no less - game design theory is a big thing . i love the fact that they give me an avenue to ... i'll bite . 677738 cheers , my unicorn rainbow friend . what are we watching ? what kinds of board games do you guys like ? i haven't written one in ages , but i remember liking it . i'm all about backing up my arguments with supporting evidence / sources . there are all sorts of apps out there for helping organize sources ... i'm picturing you as the kind of person who shows up with a fresh tray of hot , delicious cookies ... and then takes it away and says , but they're not for you . :P unfortunately , testimonials are the best evidence that i can offer right now ! i'm glad it was good for you , though . :) still thinking small for me . i'm talking state secrets at the very least , ... that's not what i meant , but thanks . ;) with pleasure . i asked some ex-boyfriends for testimonials and they responded promptly : you're a fantastic kisser . good technique and enthusiastic ! you're such a great kisser and the way you ... speak for yourself . my kisses are much more valuable than that . : love_heart : also ... 677034 6770 42 i asked a probable entj guy out like eight months ago . he said no . i carved some space for myself , excised the crush , started interacting with him again when i felt like i could truly be his friend , ... i think you're being perfect exactly the way you are . yup ! i'm on the ask him boat as well . i get that there's a hump of awkwardness to climb over , but it will be so worth it to know for sure . coffee basically , lol spending quality time with friends , making lists , getting things done ( even little things ) , a good outfit , taking a bath , meditation , being in a clean environment , working ... thanks for being gracious in response to feedback , alexlw ! it sounds like you're on the right track . hm . well , i can see myers-briggs maybe being useful here on the level of recognizing that you guys have different personalities , which can make it hard to understand each other . on top of that , ... probably slytherin . if not , hufflepuff , because i like the idea of being physically close to the kitchen & a house that prioritizes self-care . ribs . mmmm . when i'm gone by anna kendrick also the awesome cup dance is awesome . this made me legit cry with laughter . my current alcoholic thing is hot red wine with beef bone broth . it's very comforting . sweet ! high five to you ! thanks for listening . i enjoyed talking with you ! i totally get and relate to this . it's definitely easy to get mesmerized and sucked into all of it . it's a multi-billion dollar industry , so you're not alone . it also makes perfect sense that you'd ... articuno . 667377 a cleaning person . ahahahaha . yeah , i've read personality type : an owner's manual by lenore thompson , which is my favourite , as well as parts of please understand me by david kiersey and marilyn bates , was that really me ? by ... nope ! ha ha ha . i've dated a bunch . they can be great . i could buy entp . your thread title says you're doubtful . why ? i'm going with estp . i like the arguments presented in this article : donald trump personality type | estp i love old black-and-white screwball romantic comedies . tinder is pretty straightforward . for me , it's not even about being polite . it's a way of communicating that i understand that i did something wrong / hurtful . in my experience , people appreciate the acknowledgment , even if i can't ... you can't know for sure . it's not supposed to be an exact science . in the end , it's your own choice . you just pick something that rings true for you . that i'm direct . if it helps you get along better with people , sure , as long as you remember that personality type is a sometimes helpful construct , but doesn't represent the entirety of someone . yeah ! i never pursued it in university , but it was my favourite subject in high school . i got lucky and had the opportunity to take the official test and talk with a certified practitioner to figure out my true type . but even then , the choice was ultimately mine to make . the official ... apple pie , which i do not have . thanks a lot for evoking the thought , thread . raw tuna chopped fine with lemon juice and parsley . '