' i have only fallen in love once . i married her and even after we divorced 7 years ago , no matter how much i try to stop loving her , i still love her as much as i did when i married her . well you may have met one of us . we're not these wild , gonzo people all the time . if i see someone sitting off on their own , i'll go socialize with them just so they don't feel left out . i can see ... i would just like to interject that for some extroverts , like myself , it's not always roses . i do enjoy entertaining and just being myself ... i find making people laugh to be a great joy . but , there ... here is my porn that i love when i'm already feeling upbeat and this takes it even higher : as i said in another post ... i am anything that i want to be . if i set my mind to learning something i can and will learn to do it very well . i think the tv show the pretender was about an enfp i went to therapy right after i was divorced . it really helped me to see the pitfalls of how i look at the world and how to avoid them . i left still with issues , but then i knew how to deal with ... the very premise of this excerpt is a fallacious argument . he asserts that any genetic modification is negative and can only lead to the decrease of intelligence . if this was true and genetic change ... physiology =/ = genetics . i believe you're the one that has a very limited understanding of what biology is . it has nothing to do with how the mother feels ... though it has been shown that increased ... wow , what the hell is this thread ? the place for intjs to not do their research and spout meaningless garbage ? there are physiological differences between gay and non-gay people , there are some ... yup , it's like having a child that when it turns twenty and comes back home tells you , geez dad / mom , you're fucked i was being a weee bit sarcastic :P but yeah , god created us and we caught him by surprise and made him change ... only fair , dontcha think ? and the truly funky part ... god evolved with his creation : kitteh : wow , just uhm wow . i've seen worse trolls out of enfps ... this is a conjectural statement with poor facts , invalid data , suppositions and circular arguments . i truly find it hard to believe that ... i've had my many and varied arguments with god but i find he's always there for me . when i don't find him or i feel disconnected from him , it's usually because i've done something that i feel guilty ... yeah , i know these feelings very well . i can pretty much guarantee that you feel you were betrayed by someone that you opened your actual inner gooey emotional bits to . cause this is how i felt for ... as i said , if you don't believe in equivalent exchange in a relationship then you should rethink that relationship . it's not a boost my self esteem for sex thing , it's a we both have personality ... i know intjs do not operate in the same way . however , that being said , any relationship involves both give and take . usually , each person has to change to adapt to the other person and if you do not ... i am sooo stealing that for my signature ! i love it ! well i just figured that a movie about your mind being completely taken over and subjugated might actually be a horribly terrifying thing for an intj : kitteh : cetanu , i would say you're looking at it wrong . we do not enjoy vulnerability . when we talk about emotional unavailabilty it usually means the following : 1 ) we know you have emotions , we know ... to be honest i would't blame him . in my relationships i only accept physical contact when i'm 100 % sure it's what my partner wants . if you're doing it simply to please me but you don't feel like ... interesting . it goes to show how varied and subjective horror is . i found the movie only mildly entertaining and not horror based at all . i actually find it difficult to find a good horror film , ... i understand what you mean but the belief in the truth has become one of my core values . i'm in sales and i have been relegated to governmental sales where all of my sales are based on ... i agree . this kind of crap needs to be stopped . there is absolutely zero place for this behaviour in any society . i hereby post the following and agree 100 % with it's message : 76734 i love a good horror movie , that being said ... the only good horror film i have seen lately is drag me to hell . i especially love harry's review of it at : harry begs , ' drag me to hell again mr ... i must acknowledge where things are as part of the data set to try and find a way to change things to being more suitable . now ... my problem is i'm friggin great at coming up with master plan ... i learned that i'm not awkward in social situations when i learned to just be myself and not try and be what everyone expects of me . i don't care what they think anymore and i'm just happy and free ... good evil intj ! ty for validating my entire existence .. now i shall go out and bestow the world with flowers , candy and rainbows ! all of which incidentally shoot out of my arse ! the truth is outside of the halls of science at universities ( and even some of them are suspect ) there is very little understanding of science . i swear the next time i hear someone say it's just ... awww , i feels left out of the thanks ... now i must go cry in my corner :P i've read his book and the strategies are such that it would work on quite a broad range of personality types . and since a lot of what he does is designed to bypass logical thought and go straight ... he may have problems , but unfortunately for women , his methods are actually quite effective from a psychological point of view . i put this in this thread mainly to show the women here what they are ... part of it is the dating culture ... just check out : roosh v and just so you know i do not advocate this kind of stuff . i'm an enfp and very good at reading emotions and if i wanted to i could ... actually i rely on my intuition quite a bit to make illogical leaps and get at information that i didn't know was there . it has rarely failed me and through reading here at perc , i'm beginning to ... yeah , even i see the logical fallacies in the show and to be honest , i became emotionally detached when they killed his wife and now cannot stand the series . i do inner monologue a lot differently ... i wish i could of have known about emotional unavailability in my relationship with my intj . i accused her of having a low libido and offering to get her help for that . as you can imagine , that ... well it depends if you're talking relationship quality time or self quality time . hell , i love a good book for quality time for myself ( yes ... i'm an enfp that reads books <gasp> ) well i'm actually starting to feel finding this website was the catharsis for getting me out of my corner . it wasn't just the relationship but living in a society ( malta ) where the societal norm is ... i ask because i'm going to try and connect some logical points that we nfs kinda do naturally . when you have had a pet , have you scratched the pet behind the ears or something similar , not because ... and one last thing evilarchitect , i may currently be arguing from an nf's point of view currently but i'd like to help you with this entire situation and that involves not only assessing things from ... i never suck . i may lick and nibble ... but sucking never ... sorry about that sam ... it seems indeed that the response has become excessive to a comment designed solely to facilitate insight into my point . :d ry : my only reply to it was meant as a joke and ... you can try swimming at the great barrier reef with steaks strapped to your feet , at the least you should be able to manage bursts of swimming to match olympic caliber . feeling unappreciated is a big one for us . let me see if i can put it into a context that can be understood . do you now or have you ever had a pet ? well bed time for me , i'll see your answer ... the debilitation doesn't make you unique , you make you unique . i know with asperger's that the defining traits are predominately mental / emotional but that still doesn't define you . let me give ... hello , kinda new here but i'm an enfp , little different than your infj .. but i had a 6 year marriage with someone that i really feel was an intj . when we feelers get into relationships with ... which is probably where your fear comes from that keeps you from indulging in your extroversion . if you were an enfp i would advise you to simply use your disability as a tool for furtherance of ... how do you leave the building when the building is built of everything you value ? just in deciding to try and find another relationship i've already abandoned a large number of beliefs that i hold ... try again using super glue in the gripping hand ? : wink : thanks leif , i stole ... i mean borrowed ... it from a friend of mine many years ago and have made it mine ! :P sometimes i end up just staring at it and getting lost in thought . '