' no worries ! : wink : the things you said were also quite spot on with me , too . 100290 yankee candles , winter wonderland : it reminds me of a winter that was full of excitement , positive feelings , and exploration . it's a popular candle in my family , especially in the colder ... my verbal speech is littered with words such as like , um , uhh . i've also been told that when i talk , my voice sometimes fades out at the end of a sentence . not sure if that's related at all , ... cold and tired . somebodys got a case of the mondays . only when my heart and mind have been truly , truly touched can i be a romantic . it takes a lot for this to happen . and my standards of what a true , genuine love should be are quite high . when ... my signature , to be exact . also : i only desire the things that end up destroying me in the end . these are my feelings exactly . fear of loss . i find myself only really being jealous when i feel like the attention given to me is compromised by someone else . not family members , or guy ... i don't think it is always unhealthy behavior to door slam ... for me , it is a last resort , and only reserved for those that i sincerely feel i would be better off not being involved with . ... i can't buy into the ideal mate . any two people who genuinely care for each other and want to be together can make it work . there are some personality traits that are attractive to me about certain ... when i really care about someone .. a dear friend , a partner .. romantic interest , whatever . i often feel like i suffocate them . it's just because i love so so deeply . i get emotionally addicted to ... getting hunches about things ... a gut feeling , i think everyone experiences this on some level . prophetic ? nah , don't think so . tons of the personality descriptions , as someone else said , are ... i need that mug . and i could not have said that better myself . i can't find my keys . for me .. if i am not really feeling someone , or just know it won't work regardless .. i can tend to give the cold shoulder and seem rather stone-faced when they shower me with attention . it's ... blueberries . iei . most definitely . early fall .. before it gets too cold . i also love spring . however these also seem to be the two shortest seasons for me . where i live , there's almost never a legit fall or winter . it always changes ... i mean that , not always , but a lot of the time people who postpone college and start working simply put college off even longer than originally planned . they get used to the workforce , making money ... hmmm . love easy , be easy to love . :) i read something once . it said don't try to understand women . women understand women , that's why they hate each other . mostly just making light of the situation there . i don't think it has ... i have never been able to wear a watch . the batteries always die within 2 days . no matter how cheap or expensive . hate takes a lot of energy that i could use elsewhere . i have felt immense amounts of dislike towards certain people , however . i may even say i hate them in an anger-filled rant , but i truly ... do not pospone your education . people who do this have a great chance of simply not going . don't do it . additionally , you do not need plastic surgery . i have seen a photo that you posted on ... yes , i find this annoying . along with obvs ( for obviously ) . in general , i don't think it's laziness , but a form of trying to fit in . if you're using it in a conversation , someone is likely ... a smell that reminds you of a very fond memory . arby's junior roast beef sandwich 80858 someone sent me this song a while ago . it's one of the most beautiful i've ever heard . this thread makes me smile . i need that today :) desperation .  sooo beautiful . i have a hard time accepting compliments , usually . if i feel it's a genuine compliment - i am generally flattered . sometimes i get embarrassed , though . especially if it's an obscure compliment . 25 ... 26 in september . silver linings playbook ... incredible . a near perfect movie in my opinion . i also cried at the end of the notebook . again . stuck an old washer and / or dryer that is no longer functioning . edit : sorry , wrong photo ! i'm such a newbie at this . can't figure out how to get this goofy picture i sent to my love off of here ! ! lol . either way , wrong photo ! but .. damage is done i suppose , ... i wouldn't consider myself an abused child , but i know i had to see and go through a lot of things a child shouldn't . fuel to ensure my future children do not go through the same . oh dear . lets see here .. agreeing with you on fake laughter . fake smiles . like when you see someone and you look at each other in passing and they flash a quick , half smile acknowledging you . i ... eudaimonia . it's a generalization . at the end of the day , while i enjoy connecting with other infj's ... we are all different . there is a lot of putting people in boxes in pretty much all mbti communities . i ... the number one compliment i have received on my physical appearance has always been something about my eyes . they are rather large , i think . it's not always from guys trying to make an advance , ... lots of rambling .. trying to convey feelings that are generally running way too deep to properly convey in any form , really . oh , and some metaphors for good measure . at least one . i live in kentucky . according to a map i recently looked at , we're the only state that actually says you all . i hear ya'll a lot , though . the internet , obviously . a handful of cajun trail mix sliced cucumbers '