' yes ! you are spectacular ! your infpness gives you an amazing glow ! are you tired of reading infp descriptions that have negative undertones ? have you noticed that most of them do because they were probably written by other types that don't get us ? well check ... jd_ mushr 00m thank you ! this helped a ton ! i was really having a hard time grasping the differences . : happy : hi everyone , i'm really trying my best to grasp the functions . i did notice that we have the same functions as enfps yet we are very different in my opinion . why is that ? is it because although ... i hate the cold ! ! ! heat ! ! ! hot and steamy sounds like a good time to me : wink : good luck because lovable hugs is my superpower * hug * : ninja : i completely get that about infj . i'm just saying i can intuitively sense the judgement and although it is harmless i don't like the feeling . that's my personal experience though i know many infps ... ya i love my ntj friends too ! my xsfx are cool too just communication doesn't go as smoothly sometimes . ya the infjs i know are admirable but i often feel like they think they have me figured out ... i think you've explained my 5 years of singledom so eloquently . i seriously was going to type all of this ! i kid you not ! tall , into fashion dated an infj briefly very similar reasons why it didnt ... my bestest best soulmate friends are nfps . however i've realized most of my friends are nts , ntjs to be exact . i realize that's what i attract mostly . i have nt friends are far as the eye can ... thanks for that explanation ! i don't get why functions confuse me so much . i need more videos like this to break it down . i guess me being a visual learner is the main reason . i always wondered why infjs appeared to be more put together than infps . also a bit more reserved and eloquent in speech . this video was a definite light bulb moment for me this morning . ... best video ever ! ! ! i can't stop laughing : laughing : so good ! this . i always feel sooo different from other infps especially in this part of the forum . i also mistyped myself as 4w5 for quite some time because i thought 4w3 made me out to be too vain and ... hi everyone ! : happy : haven't been in these parts for quite some time . was curious to know if there is any other infp 4w3s ? i've been reading on other forums that many infps don't claim it ... me . seriously ? ! ahahahaha ! point me in that threads direction , thanks ! too funny ! you guys are making me question my infp-ness because a lot of these topics i would definitely participate in . mainly because i find it interesting as well as humorous ... : ninja : hmmm . i don't know if it's we're nice or if we are smart . anything you post on the internet is pretty much there forever and if i have an evil plan i think it is best to keep it locked away in my ... i love it when it's something constructive and coming from someone i admire . otherwise , screw off :d ry : my apartment . i have cookies * evil grin * i'm an enigma ! hear me roar ! : kitteh : aren't charismatic leaders usually enigmas though ? i come off as one i'm told but that is solely based on first impressions . then when they get to know me they realize not so much haha ! count me in ! i've been here for a few years and love it ! haha ! yay chi-town ! i want to do a meetup with perc people already ! ! ! promiscuous woman here and happy about it ! i enjoy it and will continue to do so . it's a great stress reliever and keeps me in good spirits especially since i found someone who is mature about it ... i like dogs . love . fear . passion . so i read your whole post . interesting read . i personally think they like you . i myself noticed how many more messages i was getting for the dating site i frequent after the new year . it made ... everything you stated plus ... lots and lots of laughs . play fights are a must ! consistent communication to the point that we wouldn't mind staying on the phone all day and night . wanting to be ... haha ! like the unicorn ! yayyy ! ! ! that's it ? ! i thought it was some magical secret ! awww man ! * kicks dirt * and all this time i thought you had magical powers . : ninja : rarely unless i care about you a lot to the point of being in love . thats when i'm hanging on your every word and certain things will get under my skin . however overall i'm extremely easy going ... i think so : unsure : actually , yes ! yes i do ! ! ! : crazy : i'm going to go with the unanimous vote and say too critical and self conscious . i would of accomplished so much more in life if it wasn't for those two annoyances . those little voices hold me ... yes and no . i'm pretty sporadic and tend to start journaling and start to think oh my , this will be wonderful ! i'll be able to look back on memories of every day ! but then i get distracted or ... yay ! ! ! thank you ! ! ! double post double post yayyy ! ! ! thank you ! ! ! enfp's are welcoming me with open arms ! i'll gladly just be the cousin that keeps visiting at the most awkward times then ! : kitteh : i see ! thanks ! yay ! ! ! am i ? : unsure : no one told me anything ... let me go check . i hope your not pulling my leg ! : kitteh : haha ! fun ! i enjoy your interpretations of my images . you should make a thread dedicated to this ! the all knowing all in twilight will read your photos ! step right up ! :p roud : lol ! wrong picture to put up haha ! oh dear ! ok how about this one ? 59178 i usually score infp but many times i get enfp . so i figured i should crash your party and see what you all think . can you interpret a type through a photo ? if so , have at it ! : crazy : 59177 i would think any type could be a thug if that's all they know . especially if it is their only means to survive . i mean there are many people who are raised in families where everyone is gang ... pisses me the flip off ! i just dated a guy like this . it is sooo annoying but yet i tend to attract men that fall into this category ! no one is upfront ! i prefer upfront open and honest people ... the title of this thread made me smile ad giggle . :) that is all , carry on . wow 1000 ! what's your secret ? '