' i tend to connect actions with each other . if i am bored by a task even though it's important , the way i make it a priority is by connecting to something i already have as a high priority . let's say ... flying isn't so bad , it's airports that i can't stand . i'm a big fan of traveling . i've been to 25 of the states in the us , i've been to israel , i've been to switzerland , and i'm going to ecuador and the galapagos in 5 months . so my question is , do other ... i'm a good cook . i love experimenting with flavors and odd ingredients . there's a famous store called jungle jim's about 40minutes from where i live that sells tons of foreign food , so i'll draw a ... words are quite a lot like currency . their value can be strongly affected by both their quantity and their historic reliability . use too many words and you flood the market . people need to sit ... i'm not easy on the eyes . i am 5 ' 10 tall , 230 lbs , and have a moderate gap between my two front teeth . i used to weigh 340 around 8th grade , but i have dropped a lot of weight . the problem is that ... i may or may not have threatened to light her car on fire if i ever saw her again . i currently have a restraining order against her . once i got in the face of someone twice my size , and threatened them so scarily that the dude broke down and cried . there was a time when a girl cheated on me and i called her something quite ... one of the all time greats . i am reading dirk gentley's right now , and it's phenomenal . play by your own rules man . i am involved with an entp gal right now , and i can say that so long as you can find a way to engage them and build a connection , then your lack of immediate flirtation ... money is power because money talks . that said , freedom and happiness is far more important to me . i can say that the 200k would be lovely , but if i felt far more satisfied and content with the 30k ... make a note that i have an acid issue . solve the acid issue . assuming that this scenario actually occurs , i'd shake the dude's hand , toss him a fiver and ask him to kindly knock me into a slightly ... i5 3570k 3.8 ghz ( 4.2 overclocked ) asrock z77 pro 4 mother board gtx 770 ( pny triple fan version ) 8gb hyper x red ram 120 gb kingston ssd 2tb seagate barracuda hdd peripherals / case include cm ... i've always had an obsession with rocks . so much so that i want to be a geology major for my under grad . though my collection is primarily devonian invertebrate fossils , mostly because that's all i ... i know exactly how you feel man . i'll be 18 in less than a month and i very nearly flunked out of my school this year . had it not been for the threat of having to go back to a school where i would ... entp . in recent months i've become a lot more comfortable in social situations than i ever have been . i also try to emulate some of the stereotypical entp charisma . fake it till you make right ? well , ... i have really eclectic tastes . i like rock , reggae , electronica , jazz , and a little bit of pop and country . i like music theory and noticing the different and similar tones in different genres . that ... in that case , it's simply a judgement call . there are rare occasions when someone else just seems to be worth it . failure is always quite possible , hence the reason it took 4 years for me to make the ... update from the intp nudnick who almost asked out an entp gal by playing piano and singing . anywho , i did something very sweet and low key to ask her to prom . she accepted and we had a great time ... not necessarily . i'm a male intp involved with a female entp , and frankly , after getting the guts to finally make a move , things went flawlessly . there was a huge intimidation factor . entp's are very ... i usually go hiking or swimming with my closest friends and then go out for dinner . it's enjoyable , low key , i get a good meal out of it , and i actually enjoy spending time with these people , so it ... the best teacher i've ever had , hands down , was an entp . she was absolutely nuts , but in the best way possible . 65 year old lady , played halo with us , is a stunt pilot , and skydives every weekend ... i enjoy looking for fossils , playing video games , practicing piano , annoying the neighbors by playing the piano , going to reptile shows , and volunteering at the native raptor and mammal rescue near ... i've always been a quality snob . i hate buying something that's almost what i want . my parents always nag me for not being happy about buying the cheaper thing . it's not that the cheaper thing is ... can manage vs , holding a conversation are two very different things . frankly , numbers , slicha , and ani lo daber ivrit are enough to survive with . i know some other vocab , and a few verbs , but i can't ... native english speaker , i am proficient in spanish ( say 4th year spanish course in high school ) and could manage my way around israel and japan with my hebrew and japanese skills . age : 17 ( 1 month shy of being 18 ) occupation : student / aspiring vertebrate paleontologist ethnic background : whiter than a pedophile's candy van / american / jewish / of ukranian , german , irish , welsh , ... it really depends on who i'm talking to . i've always considered it disrespectful to argue with my parents or elders , but sometimes , people just don't get it . sometimes people need to have someone ... me : wow , that is a really good arrangement , that said , i think the c minor chord with the added 9th was a stupid choice . ( continues conversation with myself in my head ) well , that may be , but if i ... i know a number of intp's who are millionaires , or at least very well off . none of them did it through stock , at least not at first . while a long term and well developed stock portfolio is a great ... i'm not all that keen on wrist watches , especially if they're middle of the road / mediocre makes . that said , i do love a good pocket watch . not all that intrusive , and they make for a good ... if i know someone really , really well i can deal with it , but if i just tolerate someone / don't really know them all that well , i have a mini panic attack . it just freaks me out . the only thing worse ... my ideas , feelings ( once processed over roughly an eternity or two ) , and desires are as complex as any other human's . we're pretty complicated things us humans . that said , all i really want / need is ... on the rare occasion that someone has been intimate with me , even as a planned part of a musical or something , i lose it . my composure flies out the window and i curl up into a ball of emotional ... literally thousands of rocks and fossils . it's a bit of a problem . i also have a thing for americana , trading cards , video games , old tech / steam punk , and anything i see as odd or interesting . yeah , ... yeah , i know i tend to fret quite frequently over texts i've sent . i always get nervous about people misunderstanding a text because of a lack of inflection or a delay in my or their response . part ... snake breeding never gets old . each species and individual with varying personalities and temperaments , thousands upon thousands of genetic color and pattern mutations to play with , going to reptile ... 78 % green party 77 % democrats 75 % libertarians 68 % constitution party 60 % conservative party 58 % republicans 43 % socialists . i'm a slightly left leaning centrist according to this study ... i had a part time job lined up , a couple months back . it was during a musical rehearsal , so i sent an email to the stage manager letting him know i wouldn't be there on that day because i had my ... if i had to label myself , i am jewish . though to be honest , i feel that i am jewish because of the culture and community . i am somewhat agnostic , by which i mean , i think there has to be something ... i worked with a snake breeder for a while last year , very rewarding , lots of fun , many snake bites and much feces to deal with , but no job's perfect . anyways , for the interview , focus on an aspect of ... what format ? vocaroo link ? yeah , i'll go with that one . ( never mind , my microphone is busted ) extreme frustration , anger , and confusion . i hate not knowing . i also have a somewhat low pain ceiling . i tend to act unusually bashful , sometimes allow myself to get caught staring , and after a very long time will awkwardly attempt to talk to the person . usually it ends up being a flood of fun facts , ... hey , everyone , i'm the fool who asked about playing the piano to ask an entp girl out . anyways , to give you a quick update , i did something far more low key to ask her to prom tonight , and she said ... 1 . bae 2 . the phrase , because i said so 3 . eustreptospondylus ( it's impossible to spell and is far more boring than it's name makes it out to be . ) those dang disabled , homosexual , mexican , democrats are stealing all our jobs ! ( / facetious comment ) sure thing , here's my thoughts in brief the most likely root of his problem is a combination of a bad experience , people in his environment sharing negative opinions of white people , and his ... sorry it's taken so long to reply , anyways here's what i meant . people's minds operate on two levels . you have the highly developed neo-cortex of the brain . it's where language , logic , and other ... ( not my comment and not this guy's response , but i have some insight here . ) often times internalized prejudice comes from environmental stimuli . by which i mean , they likely heard a lot of negative ... '