' that , and also the fact that you can zoom in at will means that space is infinitely fine - but not infinitely large . ( typing this , it occurs to me that this is a fine distinction with large ... i'm not sure the establishment of human rights developed quite the way you say . i would spontaneously put it the following way : at some point in time , some people demanded certain rights from the ... first of all , thanks simulatedworld for this excellent map through the jung-le : wink : of typology . suffice to say i like the model better now . i always liked focusing on motivations more than on ... maybe typology is just the dream of some freakish jungian monster , and in reality we're all acting exactly the same all of the time . addendum : that's of course not the only way to prompt deep processing or good retention of statements ; another one is putting the statement into a context . oh wait ... intps do that too ! ahahaha ! did you know that soft statements lke it is believed that ... , one might say ... , research indicates ... etc are remembered a lot better than absolute statements ? that's because they ... ... when you collect fun contradictions like others collect stamps . things like yea i have testosterone . i grew a breast hair yesterday . and i was so proud of it , i went and gave it a perm . not ... your mannerisms / demeanor are pretty much like i imagined them from your posts haha very nice . one major point that was making this discussion difficult was that kate does or did a fair amount of stuff that looks like other functions , e . g . scheduling for the kids . thinking about ... not necessarily . as far as i can tell , the 4 functions that are not included in the definition of a type ( for infp those would be fe , ni , se , ti ) might be anywhere strength-wise in an individual ... i realize i'm entering this discussion somewhat belated , but ... how was it for you when you were a child ? as children , our emotions are as strong and clear as they get . how do you remember the ... lol , reminds me of me ... i would say that i have that tendency , maybe sometimes in an f kind of way , but mostly in a t way , like with points of contention that arose in a discussion .  ... bear in mind that you will have a fair amount of t in the mix , which other feelers may not have . :) i would say you're nearest to infp . but after you said that just didn't fit , i kinda stopped thinking it made any sense to pin you down onto a single type . that's why i told you about the ... sympathy / fe is broader and can apply more easily to more situations without directly feeling the emotions in question , but doesn't have the same degree of emotional depth as fi . [ / quote ] sorry ... makes sense . just to clarify , i was definitely not saying that fi users can't / don't want to empathize much , rather that not being able to help oneself from empathizing is something i would expect ... hm , i would've thought this was more fe , and that fi users would be more likely to be able to distance themselves from a specific person ( though it seems to me that infps are the masters of a kind of ... see , if you were an intp , you probably wouldn't have typed that up , but rather a referral to an earlier post of yours . maybe containing just the slightest hint of sarcasm . : wink : not quite serious ummm ... lol . if you want feedback , start your own thread titled if you can convince me that i'm not an enfp , you're a genius . haha ... nice one . but i think the problem is rather that kate is so in between types ... for every result , there seem to be things that are explained well by it and others that just don't fit , ... yea - you fit the other textbook :) lol ... i'm kinda starting to wonder if the verbal play in my alias is apparent ... diphenhydramine did a function sorter test did you see that diphenhydramine guy ? te > ni > se > fi > ti > ne > si > fe looks textbook , just not the textbook you mentioned interesting comments about house . he may well be entp . probly either that or xntp , i . e . ambivert . and thanks for your response to my stuff . as far as the percentages thing goes , i couldn't be ... i bought a pair of shoes i liked that i came across more or less in passing-by , and which i knew i wouldn't wear for at least a year because my current ones are still in one piece ( and why wear more ... i think i my understanding of how reverse psychology came into play in this situation may be different than yours , sumi ... it wasn't meant that the intp consciously or even instinctively uses ... that's ... just beautiful . never was there a more endearing reason for being pissed off ^ . ^ yeah , but bruce lee is one of the most fun , because if he begs to differ , that might just be synonymous with he'll beat you to a pulp bruce lee would beg to differ ;) but i get your point . radio is overrated . this is great ... how often do intps usually get to try and bring two people together ? :p roud : i would enjoy hearing what examples you have in mind when you say this , if you have the leisure . not that i don't have any of my own in mind , or that you haven't already given some . i'm just curious . the thing about intps losing interest quickly doesn't apply to someone they have formed a bond with , i would say . when it's a friendship bond also , but especially a romantic one . i think it's highly ... i dunno if this has been said yet , i only read until page 4 . interjection : i agree with entjwillruletheworld that this analysis is of limited use and there are a truckload of phenomena that cannot ... you forgot infj and enfp . thank you nonetheless : wink : * hand-clapping * : happy : something being wrong with you isn't a prerequisite for self-pity ... something being wrong with your life does just fine . in any case , your statement was consistent with my statement , as your ... you may be an intp if your self-pity doesn't last very long hehe hm ... i can get pretty enthusiastic about something ( usually something new that i want to learn ) , but reality mostly curbs or downright squashes that enthusiasm . it's not always other people that ... thanks hehe the x in house's xntp has me a little stumped . you make a good point that he is entp , but his e / i preference must be weak either way . by which i don't mean to imply that your husband ... interesting ... so your ti-ne combo is almost as strong as your ni-te ? sounds like a cool place to be : cool : you're right . the comparison was flawed , because if the mbti were to claim scientific validity , it would be the existence of the functions that would be unproven , not the causal relationship between ... are you sure ? if you talk about jungian functions ( also unproven concepts , if i'm not mistaken ) , isn't that saying this person acts this and this way because he is using his cognitive functions in ... although i've made my thoughts on this subject , i'll give a definition i heard from a neuroscience expert in the opening speech of a 2009 symposium on intelligence and creativity ( that i have on ... hmm , an attractive method ... i gotta try that - but first , i need a bigger floor . love that expression . ... when you start listening to psych lectures while doing housework so as to stop hating those chores . oh yes , definitely need that clothes chair ( or equivalent surface ) . as others have also posted , it's not necessarily that intps don't have emotion , but that often it is very closely connected to thought , thus making it seem like there is no emotion . maybe being ... a sense of tragedy befell me on reading that ... i guess intps would become like overly composed in that sort of situation as a survival mechanism , rather than cry their eyes out about it ... ... wow ... that gave me goosebumps ! i can't verify the ( actual ) death , and spirituality , hm , i have thought about it and do have a potential projection surface for spirituality , but i haven't yet ... '