' i think that a great thing about being an infp is that we care to know and comprehend ourselves , in a way that most people never do , so , keeping that in mind , we should remember that many of those ... thank you very much for your answer x3 and , yes , it has helped me a lot talking about all of these changes , i've found great people here , such as yourself =D i think you are completely right , ... hello everyone =D i've been going through some major changes in my life , separations , the death of my dad , and a lot of learning new things . last time i checked the test , i came out as an esfj ; ... i appreciate you . and many people do , you just have to pay attention to what they're not saying with words x3 hahahahaha x3 : o how rude ... xd i have an idea of what you're going through ; i lost my very best friend when i was 21 , and it was very hard for me , too . every loss is unique , though , so i hope you can get better as soon as sadness ... i think that it s a very positive thing that you realize this ; you are on your way to a better life . focus on the positive thing about being an infp , like loyalty and creativity , and remember that ... of course we're cute ! ! ! x3 me too x3 thanks :D thank you very much for your answer :D hello :D well , after sometime , i guess , the goddess herself put one of you guys on my ways ( thanks a lot x3 ) , but i'd like to know your opinion on the subject . i met this guy when he was ... you mean that not everybody starts wandering about when all of sudden you are not in a store anymore but in a market where you can buy dragon's breath and unicorn hair ? no , really , people don't do ... thanks for both your answers :D i think it would be a very nice thing to happen to me , but knowing that infp's and isfj's are in our own worlds , i guess it will be difficult for us to meet . ... i think that you could also make a list of all your good pints ( you have many , i assure you ) , and then know yourself for that list of good pints . do you want a person that good finding herself in ... on the other hand , i am too close to 50 in all of them , should i be concerned ? xd hello :D this is specially for the flamboyant isfj around x3 how would a relationship between an infp guy and an isfj guy work out ? do you think it would be nice ? and then , where can i find ... so , this is one of the tests where i am an infj , but i don't really feel like one , anyway ... actualized type : infj ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 58.82 % ... aries , chinese tiger x3 you are lovely most of the time , anyway :D you're a blessing to this world , dear cousins x3 yeap , i've been doing that for the last 6 months or so ; i've been changing many points of view while trying my best to stay true to myself . i'm 36 , and yeap , i've done a lot of growing up in the ... thank you very much . you are the first person that lets me see that ; i've been so immerse in the feeling of losing that i forget to be thankful for those 8 years . i think i should stop doing ... thank you very much :D some days ago a very wise old woman told me : if you let a shadow enter a room full of light , it is not noticeable ; but if you light a match in a pitch black room , what happens ? . our faith and ideals ... how's life in your sight ? does it change a lot ? hehehehe , i think that we are not shy , but we are very subtle , and we really think that all the people around us is as subtle as we are , which is not the case . well , if you know any enfj boy that ... we should make it self-acceptance-fueled x3 i think that seeing yourself and giving value to what you are , accepting the good points and forgiving the mistakes is what you need , more than the love you could get from outside , focus on the love ... yeap , to put our feet back on the ground ... in a loving way , please x3 i think that there are some differences between young and old infp's , but the basic view of the world stays the same ; i have always expected the almost magical best from the world , i have always felt ... so , thanks to all that love us x3 you can be sure we love you back , even if we shouldn't xd thanks for your answers :D so , let's keep them coming xd trusting the ones we shouldn't is really a big flaw . i've learn that i can love from a distance , though , and it seems to work , but then again , i don't want to become ... i'd just like to mention that beauty is a stereotype , just as skinny girls were beautiful and they are not nowadays , or chubby women were beautiful back in ancient greece . beauty comes from ... i just noticed that all my avatars in the last weeks are my pic ; i've been trying to find myself again , so that's a good sign , i guess x3 hahahahahaha , hello , my name's albion ... and i smell books ... xd i think we infp would make good clerics ( healers ) or illusionists x3 thanks for all your ansewrs :D they really made me think , and i will have to balance ideals and reality , which hopefully will be a good thing to do :D so just by going out of my comfort zone i am to expect rewards ? it has happened in the past , so i would say it's true , but then it's sooo scary ... xd that happens , also . many times i'm just not enough ... so , i was on the bus , thinking about ... nothing , really , and then , it hit me ... do we , infp , idealists , idealize ourselves ? am i not as cool as i think i am ? am i not such a good person ? not as ... someone told me once that we all manipulate , that we all are good and bad , and i think that's right , and important to remember , so we can evaluate ourselves and then improve . and , yes , ... i completely agree ... compassion , peace , love , respect , loyalty , family , friendship , honesty , joy , evolution , self , acceptance , faith , forgiveness , harmony , freedom ... i think :D i'm 36 , but surprisingly i have so much to learn and mature yet x3 hopefully :D just beautiful . thanks a lot :D i'm sendig invites right away :D great insight . thank you very much :D '