i loved toys . i liked playing with puzzles , lincoln logs , legos .. i loved monopoly , chess , checkers , and word games . most of the time i made my own games . probably get random toys and built a city , ... to generalize all women because of one female friend is pretty extreme . i , for one , value loyalty also . i get frustrated by people that decide to leave after a little distance apart also , but then , ... i mistyped as infj . 1 . i'm definitely not comfortable with being touched . sure , i'll shake hands or hug someone out of courtesy , but if it's not expected , i jump a bit and get annoyed . but if i trust the person , i ... hm . i'd mostly spend time to myself , reading , playing games , or drawing . i especially loved playing chess with my stepdad , i can't remember exactly when he taught me . my favorite book was an optical ... - i wish it was easier for me to connect with people at times . i'm very picky , but it seems the people i do like , it's hard for me to get to know them . hm . i have a tumblr , but it's private . i don't really share it , but my friends know of it . i usually just reblog things i like , and if others like it , then * shrugs * they can follow ( i don't know how ... intj : imagining and creating plans to impact the world , but can't remember to wash the dishes . i agree with this . a glass of lemonade . i feel stunted , and i desire some type of power . i work for my goals , and yet they're not meeting what a want , leaving me greatly disappointed , but hey , i'm patient . maybe power isn't the right ... this is basically what i do , except it also depends on whether or not i really care about my outfit at the moment . but regardless , i at least try to make my outfit clean and matching . abraxas 5-3- 9 abx 9-5- 3 action potential 1w9 , 4w5 , 6w5 ( sp / so ) amaterasu 5w6 - 3w4 - 1w2 antiant 5-9- 3 axe ... i'm average . i don't sit and watch every carb i eat , but i do make sure i don't eat over a certain amount of junk food , or that i'm at a healthy weight , otherwise it messes with me mentally , making ... i have an esfj mother and an estj sister . unfortunately , i never knew my father . we have our problems , but overall i try to get along with them . i like my mother's quiet , bubbly personality , ... an intj is like the ocean . others think they have us figured out when in actuality , there's so much left to discover . i'm not too sure .. on functions , i use both ne and ni almost equally , and ni was higher by 3 % . ti and te were also pretty equal , though ti is higher . after that is fi , and se . sometimes it'd switch around , and the fi ... hi , i am trying to figure out if i'm mistyped . when taking personality tests , i usually get either infp , infj or intj . when i begin to settle for any one of these profiles , i second guess myself , and ...