' as much as i wish i could , i really don't . hey everyone so i know i've been gone forever but i was thinking about this thing i do and it sparked my curiosity as to whether anyone else does it as well . here it is ... before i talk to anyone , i ... 65035 you guys what's wrong with me i've finally confirmed that i do in fact want to change my major . i am quite interested in psychology , the study of it at least , but i can't see myself making a career that i enjoy out of it . my ... 56736 merry christmas or whatever . why does this holiday have to come u200bevery year ? 1 . happy are you ? 5 . it varies from day to day . 2 . socially skilled are you ? 5 . not the best , not awful . 3 . lazy are you ? 8 . pretty damn lazy . 4 . emotional are you ? what do you think of advice ? do you ask for advice ? do you take that advice ? do you give advice ? i am curious because i tend to ask for advice but never actually take it . i just like asking for ... off the top of my head : hula-hoops , paint pens , tarot cards ... books ? picked up a compiled book of all poe this morning . i'll be reading it for a while . i am not sure why this happens ... but i have the same problem every time i purposefully try to meditate . throughout the day , i am very calm and calculating . i have a decent attention span and focus ... i used to use marijuana regularly , and i still associate with friends who do , but i don't see it in the same light anymore . i initially quit because i am applying for a job with the county who tests , ... 1 . what is your sexual orientation ? heterosexual . 2 . do you regularly do drugs ? ( for the purposes of this survey , i'll include alcohol . ) alcohol is the only drug i use . i'd say i use it regularly , ... i squirrel walks up to a tree and says i forgot to store acorns for winter and now i am dead . it's funny because the squirrel gets dead . 55793 first five syllables yes then seven syllables and then back to five i try to appear busy , and when they ask how i am doing i emphasize that i am busy . if that doesn't work and they still stick around , be engaged in something else while they are talking to you . 3-3- 11 pattern ? i kind of like it , it has a nice ring to it wake up late so my fate is to forget important things while rushing i usually ask for money or gift cards . i don't even know what i want , might as well have options . however this year in particular i asked for a car wash and new brake pads . i agree with narcotic , don't write a letter . this sort of discussion is much more effective in person . if part of your incentive to write a letter ( i'm not sure if it is , i'm just making a connection ... the last one before bed my love clint eastwood soon we will be together in my dreams tonight when you have to pee be a civilized person go to the toilet unrelated ... homework incomplete at least i will get a b high test scores are key yes ! she's my spirit animal ! i recommend finding a chair at a party that you can station yourself in because it's also a very powerful move at any social function to be the one that stays in one place that people come to . it ... i enjoy her style of humor . she is relatively relaxed and speaks in a neutral tone , unlike a lot of other comedians who are too loud and chaotic for my ... i said the same thing before i read your post . i'm picking up on a pattern here ... i never really was associated with any stereotype , to my knowledge . people usually just perceived me as the sarcastic girl who could help you out in math class . i only really hung out with one ... in elementary school i wasn't out for good grades , i just didn't have many other interests so i had a lot of time to devote to school . i never really participated in any extra-curricular activities , ... procrastination 60 paragraphs i have to write by midnight tonight you are unaware one usually leads to two or more , ask richard anything can be unisex ... i think . except those boots in particular were a little big on me . well the boots actually belong to the guy to the left of me , so i'm not sure where to get them . i know the brand is demonia though . thank you though . :) ermahgerd fershern ! haikus i have missed of our intp-ness look i made a joke naive and anxious damn extroverted feeling please just go away i tried to write once everything distracted me and that is the end precisely . although 2 is leaning toward please don't take a pic at all , do i have a choice , oh well , shit they took it . how fantastic ! they're a lot of fun with the zippers . yeah , some lady on the street stopped and asked if she could take a picture of us haha . thank you . so i was torn between whether to post this in the art section or the health and fitness section but i ultimately decided on here as flow arts involve expression through creative movement . i was ... entj so one time , my best friend who happens to be an entj and happened to be drunk at the time walked up to a pool table , moved his arm across it quickly to scatter the balls everywhere , and yelled ... 55566 so i thought this was interesting ... isfp , intp ( self ) , esfj , esfp , infp . note the isfp attempting to look sophisticated , the intp not knowing how to smile , the esfj looking bored , the esfp ... 55561 super profound . i'm moving to the san francisco bay area with an entj friend this summer . hooray for getting out of the area i've lived all my life . intp aries with moon in aquarius . not the same sun sign , but still a fire sign . i am an intp aries . boom ! when i up , down and touch the ground it puts me in the mood up , down and touch the ground in the mood for food i am stout , round and i have found ... on a weekday ... school , homework , shower , sleep . on a weekend ... homework , drink , sleep . i read the tao te ching every day . it reminds me to keep it simple . i am independent and private . if a person cannot understand that i need space it will never work . i shudder at clingy , over-involved people ... i find most of what she says witty and amusing . i'm not sure if she would be an intp or intj though . i am perfectly accepting of varied opinions , but if you insult my taste in music , literature , art , or anything really ... be prepared . it's not even that i value my opinion above others , it's that i ... this is really bad , but i crush hard on harry styles . i'm generally not even involved in pop culture , but for some reason i find him irresistible . perhaps it's the seemingly blissful and carefree ... '