' i've been a mother for four years and in my good moments i feel this way too . i'd probably characterize my experience as : most of the time : tedious chore - picking up toys , laundry , making ... i work for a big engineering company . a few tips : my favorite detail delegatees are intjs - capable enough of outside the box thinking to understand my directions . if the work involves having ... you misunderstand . if we were all the same temperament - balanced , not bad at anything but also not great anything , our ingenuity as a species would decrease dramatically . i wonder if you're really so confident in your silliness , or if its just bravado as a distraction .. the renaissance wasnt great because everyone was the same .. it was great because everyone was ... my last interview : no , you don't understand .. my working part time really isn't going to be a problem for your project . i'll be as good as three full time employees . ( doh ! that sounded arrogant .. ) ... this is one of the most enfp posts i've ever read . someone's got some well developed fi .. exactly .. unless the stuff you're trying to learn has to do with social graces or relationship harmony ( or disharmony ) fe is just going to limit the info your ni has at its disposal . i pretty much get along with everybody .. i know i can make most types uncomfortable at times , but i think it adds spice to a conversation . there are some types that i'm often frustrated with : ... ' getting stuff ' easily is more attributable to ni than fe .. this sounds very un-entp ish .. lashing out in anger over not cleaning your plate ? understanding your moms actual type could go a long way toward helping your relationship . my best guess would be ... yeah , i'd say from experience infps can be one of my most difficult types ( my mom ) .. it's the ti versus fi . a balanced infp can be great , but anyone using fi as a crutch i basically have to handle ... i have two , a baby and a preschooler . the bad - the kind of impact i think i'm capable of making on the world is epic . my visions of grandeur usually involve solving world hunger or at least ... ah .. the table , and it all becomes clear . so .. it's essentially mbti with one dichotomy added to account for emotional stability . i wonder if an scuei and sluei have notably different cognitive ... um , i know next to nothing about the big 5 .. i just took it and these are my results . where does the scuei come from ? i think my results are misleading . i answered based on my internal thought ... i'm reading through this thread as i'm at a crossroads in my career , trying to decide if i should take on a leadership position ... but i had to stop - i dont think the 4 necessarily map to one of the ... just for kicks , i think that the fact that you consider the mbti , administered by an expert , completely useless as evidence of ones type .. when in reality research shows that such tests have around ... ha , i actually thought ebullients comments about my type were yours - hard to tell what's going on sometimes when i'm on the iphone .. so you weren't quite as obnoxious as i first thought . and darnt if ... wow arkigos .. you're kind of a belligerent little thing aren't you ? lol .. i could appreciate such passion if i was attacking your core beliefs but we're talking about some rockstar's type .. it might ... actually jung himself thought he was a ti , ni .. and while i'm obviously not positive of my preference of te over ti , never having been hooked up to eeg , i think it's possible . regardless - additional ... adam levine is an entp . he's so drawn to uniqueness , he's a non-conformist , he's overly confident , quirky , intelligent , outgoing and eloquent while still thoughtful .. the list goes on and on . he's ... awesome ill take you up on that . are you by any chance single ? :) does the book talk at all about marrying someone of a similar temperament ? because i'm afraid she would just use it to continue justifying her se choices .. what about infps who are very critical of others ? my mom is an infp , single and actively dating . most guys never get beyond the first date because they're just not attractive getting older ... i think you hit the nail on the head here - i often sense that the dissapointment she's brooding over is only the tip of the iceberg . still , i dont know what to do in these situations ... like ... i would love to resurrect this this thread .. i'm an ne t ( entp ) and my infp mother seems to live this uber pessimistic , divorced from reality life . i'd like to be close to her , but i feel like every ... hey ben , if you click on the link it goes into a decent amount of detail on the study .. ' mostly the same preferences ' is closest . similarity on n / s is the most important . xnfx reported highest ... this is getting completely off topic , but much of what you say doesnt actually make sense .. myers and briggs based their work on jungx 92s cognitive processes with only a couple minor ... lol , it's bucky again . this is the second time in as many days you havent actually read my post : hey raich , you should look into the study - xstps and nts are sort of exceptions .. better with fs than other ts .. isfps would be a nicer fit for you ( if not for them , lol ) i wish i could find the actual thread with links to the research ( anybody else know where it is ? ? ) but the official mbti test alone actually types someone's primary function and attitude accurately ... couldnt agree more . socionics is ridiculous ... to be completely clear , the study claims that type correlates to ‘ effective communication ’ and ‘ relationship satisfaction ’ . there certainly may be differences of opinion on this , but i think those ... lol , most ts i know like facts .. and ns and js and ps and fs for that matter .. i didnt know facts were solely the domain of ss :) most cognitive preference geeks i know have become pretty good at it though . i personally dont tend to settle on a person's type until i've spent quite a bit of time with them - and my personal ... the prevalent opinion seems to be that mbti and other frameworks for understanding temperament / cognitive preferences should not be used in choosing a life partner . i've seen too many friends and ... nice .. also , hypocritcal , considering .. let me be very clear . i am passionate about this subject . i've seen too many friends and family members in horrible relationships .. peoples ' ... um .. i think you got a little prematurely excited there bucky .. did you read my post . i definitely did date based on type ( happily married now ) and i definitely advocate dating based on type .  ... arent enfp ’ s supposed to be the best at typing people ? do you need for them to have it tattooed on their foreheads ? i ’ d think a conversation would suffice .. you ‘ think ’ common values , but ... well , yes , that's axiomatic .. however , are you arguing that no two people are alike in any way ? you cant be , because that's just silly . people are alike in lots of ways .. i have brown hair , and my ... lol , what does that even mean ? happycamper pinkrasputin firedell myexplodingcat just to name a few .. i know this thread has been dead a while , but i stumbled across it and cant help myself .. dont use temperament as a main ... that's a big statement with nothing factual to back it up .. where does this flawed ideology come from ? it seems to be the prevalent opinion , and it just couldnt be more wrong . i really like my two close intj friends . i love to hang with them . we have some ... antichrist i think you mean anecdotally . here's another anecdote - i'm an ne dom and dated an intj and it was an epic failure . he was far too insular , and my desire to be constantly out adventuring ... antichrist are you trying to say you think an intj and an enfp are a good match ? might i suggest you exercise your t and think about that one a bit before suggesting people with legitimate ... antichrist are you trying to say you think an intj and an enfp are a good match ? might i suggest you exercise your t and think about that one a bit before suggesting people with legitimate ... * patiently waiting for werewolf wannabe * hahaha this surprises me . i would have expected strong links on all four dimensions ... we're all strong ns . we score between 80 and 100 % on most tests . we're also all strong es except my mother ..  ... yeah , you guys could do all this .. or just not date intjs . talk about incompatible , lol if he's an se i'm a monkey's uncle . he cant see the trees for the forest . '