' my degree is in political science . i consider politics a necessary evil that must be understood . there is no escaping it . even not caring is a political choice , because you give away the power to ... i am curious why you consider innocent with a coping mechanism as another way of saying dumb . admiting that you are vulnerable is not a sign of weakness . it is the only way to build true ... as you , i have studied political science and wanted to continue with a phd but couldn't due to funding issues . partly my own fault since i chose house and family at an early stage and with those came ... sounds like a depression . as intj he probably don't want to see himself as weak , but depression could rather be the result of being strong for too long . the stressfullness of house , kids , bills ... this is why we need tolerance in society . it means that we respect and can appreciate each other even if we think the other person is engaging in something that is wrong or disturbing . it is not ... now you are asking for extremly much ... you mean people should actually manage to have more than one perspective at the same time in their minds in order to understand you ? =) actually , this ... i had a conversation with an intp friend who in his own opinion is good at planning and structuring things . the question that solved the case was do you plan ahead when going on vacation ? his ... that would be great ! if the universe is an illusion it must work eiter as a virtual computer running from within an even greater universe , or it must be based on abstract logical operations that ... indeed a fine tool that boils down to the simplest explanation is usually the correct one . but usually does not translate into always . while the burden of proof certainly becomes larger for ... i think there is some confusion between logical and reasonable . i also think that it is reasonable that the creator makes himself known , but it is only one of several logically possible options ... apparently you have great distaste for the issue , but this illogical feeling of yours does not convince me . i agree so far that claiming that the universe needs a creator is illogical . other options ... i think you are on a good thinking path here , and i share your amazement of how many atheist seem unable to grasp things beyond physical evidence when it comes to discussions about god's existence . ... what exactly does judging mean ? do i form an opition on their thrustworthiness and character ? yes . and if found lacking i put them in the social quarantine zone . do i openly condemn their ... ok , some advice from a father of 3 ... about abortion . when i watched the first ultrasound photos of my children , only a few weeks old , it changed the entire issue of abortions from a philosofical ... don't worry so much about the feeling part . i would rather describe love as an intuitive knowledge that you and the other person belong together . the feelings of love come and go with varying ... tragedy of the commons ... someone must have children , otherwise the human race will perish . but by letting someone else handle that part you get plenty of extra time and resources for yourself which ... read this thread instead . it contains a lot more useful answers relevant to your question than what has been written here . nope , i wouldn't . i would hope that you can hold it inside you until it goes away . failing that , i would distance myself extremly quickly , probably even find another job . not because i blame you for ... i recognise the feeling of wanting to belong somewhere . i think it is a basic human need . you want to be among people where you feel understood and safe and can be yourself while contributing to a ... i have a theory about this problem . to be able to communicate abstractly you must know the abstract and theoretical concepts necessary to dress your intuitive thoughts into words . for me , this ... my observation is in line with what has been already said . when some people make a promise this is not a commitment that they will actually make it happen , it is an expression of their feeling that , ... see the the human being , not the potential girlfriend - that will only make you nervous and feeling stupid since you feel the pressure to make an impression instead of just being yourself . the key to ... no fear of death for my own sake . but like sirdave above i am thinking about my family and loved ones who will miss me . dying at this stage in life would be a failure in peforming my duties to be ... empathy just is . some experience it easier , to others it comes harder . but i don't see how it can be neither logical nor illogical . no point in taking the evolutionary perspective on this . just ... there is actually such a thing as too objective : tongue : decissions about having children shouldn't need to be motivated by obligation to higher moral goals . its enough to follow nature and ... i might have skipped a few steps in the thought process to get to the point , so it might not be 100 % clear even to me =) anyway , thanks for clarifying you philospohical point of view . i think that ... i will try to challenge your statement with objective arguments , namely that i think it is self defeating . 1 ) to even think of actions in moral terms , there must be human life . if reproducing ... this is an interesting argument . is it morally unacceptable for you under your current circumstances , or does it apply to everyone always ? the problem with the question is that you can not possibly answer it with the knowledge and experience that such a question requires , until you actually have reproduced . regardless of your opinions ... yes , and it is really entertaining ! so the fact that god would have found a way because he is god indicates that there is no god , since we are obviously not convinced that there is a god . sounds ... if i ever become a boss / manager somewhere i would be careful not to get too close to those under me . the same way i am careful not to become too friendly with my boss . after all , the boss is the ... good point there . if you find something in a book , you must make sure that it is in the book because it is true , not assume or be told that it is true because it is in the book . clear ... i am stating a hypothesis that if something is out there (= teism ) , then it is resonable to believe that if this being gives us insights , this information comes through intuition . a little bit like ... don't feel like an idiot for too long . suppose you are god or some other random omnipotent being who sits on the truth about the universe and purpose of life etc . now you would like to transfer ... i just remembered reading or hearing somewhere about different kinds of intelligence . the point was that some people need to move to be able to think . if i remember correctrly , it was about a dancer ... when i am training martial arts i usually have to understand the movement involved in a technique , which is done by thinking and trying untill i get it right but not necessarily fast . my brain must ... i am not familiar with what it means to be a quaker . is there for example some specific rule that forbids him to date or marry non-quakers ? what exactly is this religious incompatibility about ? also , ... i recently had the unwelcome experience of observing a divorce that involved a nf and noted the following difference between him and a nt . when he makes a promise he uses words like i will never do ... good intj-imitation =) when you put it that way , it seems that we actually do agree on the matter . then it is the act of buying the book that is problematic - to what degree is still a matter of ... yes , your point gets through . expo and its connections to left wing extremists are not a pretty sight . i agree with your resentment towards this . i also see that you , as an idealist , are trying to ... interesting observation =) i am originally from sweden and wouldn't have come to that conclusion . in my experience , the rest of sweden is as un-intj compared to me as in other places in the world . it ... i can't argue with that - it is the logical way to see it assuming you don't care much about society and count on being able to provide for yourself long into old age even when social security ... do the math again and consider what happens when you get old and need someone to take care of you ( unless you plan to jump from a cliff at some point ) and produce everything that you need to live a ... confidence is an inner state of mind . how it communicates to the outer world is another matter . if people percieve you to find obvious pleasure in making a point of the fact that you do or know ... trust is a complicated thing , especially since human nature itself is not especially trustworthy . i don't trust myself . i always question my motifs , my thoughts and my feelings . so with another ... a quick thought about the subject ... there is a third element to love , i believe . that is an act of will . yes , you feel good - but feelings come and go as they please . yes , you need to rationalise ... the trouble with x94religionx94 is that it can be several things at once ... - a set of personal beliefs about reality , including the belief thar reality exists outside my own mind . in this respect , ... the feeling of superiority is familiar , but i think it comes from the fact that i of course value the aspects of a situation that i am good at understanding . someone else might feel superior in ... hehe ... that explains it . life is too large to be mastered and controlled without having ones head explode . better to settle for a more reasonable approach , like being able to understand everything ... i can understand what you mean , although it doesn't affect my feeling of confidence . as a space whale concluded above : it's the same for everyone and i can only do the best i can to prepare for ... '