' gender : male hair color : red ( natural ) hair style : short eye shape : not sure what to say eye color : green glasses : yes , although i tend to use contacts more often than glasses personal ... what about a beautiful mind ? it's a film about the life of john nash , a nobel prize winning mathematician who spent a large portion of his life fighting schizophrenia . john nash is portrayed as a ... 107818 the picture was taken one year ago , but acceptable pictures of me are in short supply . the entj , because i have a feeling that he / she would object to the brilliant plan of the intp to upload our consciousness to a computer that's sitting on board of a satellite in orbit around the ... people usually think that i'm very serious , which is true i guess until i get more comfortable with them . some people also get the impression that i'm smart , even when they have no real way of ... intp's aren't all the same of course , but from my own experience i know that if i've gotten over someone , that's more or less it . if someone gives me a clear and direct signal ( like breaking up would ... there is another point that is worth mentioning as well . maybe it is computer code follows the equations from sting theory and not the other way around . binary code after all is just a representation ... i'm not sure how to interpret it . it seems too abstract to me to really say anything about what the holographic principle implies for the real world . all i know is that this hypothesis ( it's not been ... i doubt that online dating would work for me ( as if dating in general would heh ) . i don't know why , but i find conversations in real life easier , and certainly more interesting . yeah , i have many of the same problems when it comes to studying . i am more disciplined and structured now than i used to be , but i still lose my concentration too often and start thinking about all ... i don't cry very often , and when i do it's usually out of sadness . when a close family member dies for example . i also cried when my cat died a couple of years back . back when i was struggling with ... your theorem is good , however it lacks quantitative predictions ! let me suggest a simple way of fixing this : first we need to measure the level of attractiveness of both you and a potential date ... no , what we need is an entire sub-forum dedicated to this topic ! i've been playing banished for a few days now . strangely compelling game actually , which can be damn punishing . space fascinates me i guess , but i'm not sure if i want to go to space , not yet at least . algebra , although i don't mind geometry either , but as an economist i don't use geometry too often . i'm currently taking a master's degree in economics , and if you include lectures and seminars , i'm spending 30-35 hours on studying every week . some weeks can be more busy than others of course . ... complex economics : individual and collective rationality by alan kirman well , if someone didn't pay me back , the microscopic fine-print in our contract would allow me to crank the interest on the loan up to ludicrous levels . depends on which country you look at as well . here in norway where the average height is something like 1.82 m , and 1.71 is on the short side here i guess . but if you look at the link in the op , ... bruce lee was 1.71 m , and i'm pretty sure he could intimidate most people lol . i wasn't really aware that heightism was a thing until a year ago or so . i'm glad it haven't affected me even tough i ... just started reading how rich countries got rich and why poor countries stay poor by erik reinert the full name of a protein called titin . it is in fact so underused that i haven't seen anyone use it here . i mean it's just 189 819 letters : ( ps : i took away roughly 90 % of the letters to avoid ... you can always do both by taking college education , and then reading deeper into the subjects you like . but if you can only do one of the two , i would choose college education . of course you can ... welthaupstadt germania no but seriously , i think that rome would be a good choice even if it's just for nostalgic reasons . you still have much to learn young man i don't smoke . why ? because for one thing i have had problems with asthma ( when i was younger ) and i don't want to take any chances . i also exercise regularly and smoking wouldn't exactly help in that ... i think it's real , but i've never listened to what the politicians have to say on the subject . i don't think that global warming is as one sided and predictable as people think . for example , most ... i got over mean comments and insults gradually over time by being exposed to them fairly regularly . eventually i reached the point were i just shrug my shoulders at anyone who tries to insult me . if ... showering ? if i started showering someone might actually want to get within 10 meters of me , which would be annoying as hell . the flies that circle around me is much better company than all of those ... i usually get up around 7am , even on weekends . i never need an alarm either , it's almost like my brain has an alarm clock built in which is set to 7am . there aren't many things that truly scares me , but loneliness is definitely one of the things that does . i just know too well what it can do to me . uncertainty used to scare me , but i've learned ... sometimes i think in terms of pictures and some type of abstract patterns or figures ( difficult to explain ) . when i think with words , i think in english more often than norwegian , despite being ... i think i can relate to your situation . i used to have trouble coping with stress and new responsibilities when i went to university for the first time . it was quite a change to live on my own and ... i used to be quite good at doing hitler impressions . not sure if i should be proud of that or not , but at least me friends liked it . i haven't really tried to do other impersonations before tough . i like showering and usually do it once a day . i feel more comfortable and relaxed when i'm clean . it's also a good place to day dream , so i often end up taking longer showers than i actually need . exercising helped me a lot when i was recovering from depression in the past . i'm still exercising at least a few times every week , and i definitely won't stop . real men eat raw meat off the bone not a good idea if you ask me for the last few weeks i've been feeling somewhat empty and slightly depressed , something which i haven't felt for several months . i think that part of the feeling comes from wanting to get a few ... i remember my first gaming experience very well . it was super mario world on snes 18 years ago . i must have played that game to death , along with the donkey kong platformers for snes . a few years ... i do care about looks to some degree but i'm not very picky about it . since i really don't know how attractive i am myself i would rather avoid going for someone out of my league . i can be ... on the pc i'm using right now i have 197 863 085 007 bytes free with 552 288 862 208 bytes being used . can't check my other pc atm , but it definitely has more free space . i played a lot of chess when i was younger , but i don't consider myself good at it . my main problem when playing chess is that i too often figure out a series of clever moves , only to realize that i ... my opinion on her videos is that i honestly don't think that the problems she points out are very important . i get the feeling that she is trying too hard to find these misogynistic portrayals of ... hmm sex with myself sounds ... interesting : crazy : and if someone thinks that's weird , i'll just say that i only have sex with people i love kerbal space program i also discovered that the best way of overcoming fears and nervousness is to step out of your comfort zone . when you are anxious and nervous your comfort zone is very small , but to get comfortable ... no , even when i'm not thinking i'm thinking that i'm not thinking . the question is , does chicken's eat crows ? there is only one way to find out * grabs a shotgun * '