' i know i'm not the only one that feels this way .. but when i see any kind of animal--whether it be a house pet or wild animal--looking at itself in a mirror , i feel sorry about the poor thing because ... it should make you feel like pledging ! this is a really good idea ! * heart sizzles * you definitely have that infp look ! especially with those big o adorable eyes of yours ! on another note , here's meh ! 492217 like bruce willis in armageddon ; self-sacrificing my self on a highly potential earth-ending asteroid , for the good of mankind . self sacrifice would be a favourable way that i would like to die . scruff mcgruff , in the houuuse ! ! 474154 x-men : apocalypse , definitely ! as a kid , i always thought it was cool that apocalypse grows in size whenever he is damaged by someone . the filters on ds take too long ! why can't the filters load as quick as swiping left or right ? ! anyways .. here is my ds masterpiece if i may .. 465234 and jesus said , may the faith be with you ! ! as he swung his light saber ha-cha ! ! 464746 keanu reeves is a perc member ? ! hi-yooo ! does anybody else have times of delayed laughter because of analyzing the humor to the core ? i really want a trim but i like my hair all fluffy and crazy .. 463706 i like to browse all of the different faces and judge which ones i would either hook up with , would want to date , could see myself marrying , or would want to impregnant and start a family . for ... play roulette and bet it all on black ! ftw ! ! edit : i had to make the meme ... 462474 super cereal . i'm a 4w3 and that's fairly uninfpish ! the best example i can give is when i was in my 3rd high school ( junior and senior year ) , you would've never guessed that i was an introvert because i put ... 460890 i recently made a new fb account since my meds help me not to be so obsessive , pessimistic , and creepy . i'm up to 50 friends . this isfp girl that i'm good friends with fr me and her boyfriend / my old ... have you ever started up a scenario in your mind while falling asleep and this scenario turns into some obsurd thing that makes you stop and think how did i get to thinking about this ? what was i ... the punisher ! he has no super powers . he is just a bad ass guy , like liam in the taken triology . 458993 maybe we're all living in a place that is haunted , but the ghost ( s ) just decide not to be disruptive and let their presence be known ! i don't believe in god * drops mic * i didn't choose the healer life . the healer life chose me . : kitteh : your smile and porcelain doll complexionnn ! my heart sends you a wink , you doll , you ! : happy : i like this saying ... 458090 ah jeez .. i had the biggest crush on this girl named jill.since the first time i layed eyes on her , the fantasizing never ended . i was in second grade when i met her . she's always been a strong ... this is my niece and myself . i am highly confident that she is and will be infp 457617 it is possible that my intuition is so sensitive that it is picking up all of the different emotions which can cause anxiety ( according to my life path number ) there should be no concern for other persons ' beliefs , opinions , and / or feelings . all the static in this thread makes me feel uneasy ! ah , man .. it must be my infp characteristics kicking in ! i'm glad you've decided to make the dreaded decision to reveal yourself so that i can tell you how much i love it :p roud : you're really pretty , hun ! keep being pretty : wink : if i [ had ] to choose , i would switch to enfp because i like the idea of gaining my energy from conversation . and in return , she received a wonderful comment ! :p roud : yeah , i tried looking up this astrology thing and the description for aries is way off when describing me . i am more into life path numbers , when you add each number in your full birthdate and reduce ... you have the flu , yet you still look b-e-a-yewteeful ! i can't get over it ! lil shweaty after shoveling the slush out front ! 454722 i see myself as a sidekick amongst those type of extroverts ; i don't play much of a role but i am there to support ( support means listening to the extrovert ( s ) talk ) beh yes . yes ! oh , lawd , yes ! ! 449426 i feel like a mutant from x-men when my contacts are in ... 444098 4351 13 thisss is my crazy estp sister and my self ... 433826 lol no , its the actual meaning silence is golden while at the theater , i saw the phrase on the screen and thought that it would be a great username . making the username is actual the reason why ... are those your real eyes ? are you possessed ? are you coming for my soul ? do they serve beer in hell ? lol i'm joking .. only the first question is pretty much the only response that i get . i've posted my brown contacts but here are my green ones ! 426490 my willingness all depends on my self esteem . if i feel confident enough , i'll try my best to get my point across . adrenaline doesn't work well in my body . my natural instinct is to find a way out , ... poop flavored popsicle , huh ? inchurrsting ... edit : i misread the question lol .. when you hate to see someone or a team lose even though you were against them in the first place , but you just hate to witness a loser lose . can't we all just .. get a draw ? ? : kitteh : not at all . i was wide awake . it just came to me about how i was hearing voices in my head last night while trying to fall asleep . they weren't like demonic voices or anything crazy . it would be one voice at a time that would say ... '