' dave franco & dylan o'brien . those two are my total man crushes . my avatar is of the fabulous and beautiful audrey hepburn . i picked it because i audrey is my idol it describes who i want to be . i want to be someone who people look up to . i love / hate change , but mostly love . change can be a wonderful thing . it's scary , but generally , if you do it for the right reason . it will be the best decision of your life . haha i liked that video ! it was funny :) and at the same time , i feel very flattered by what he said hah :) i absolutely hate it when someone doesn't stay organzied . i like things to be at least looking nice . but when i go somewhere and things are all over . i just cringe and want to run over to it and fix ... personally , i would love to be a stay at home mom . but , that could only work out if i have a husband who makes enough money , so , in the case that i do not find that type of husband , i want to be an ... i like to think of myself as elegant . i'm not if it's an enfj trait , though . there is when it comes to my ex-boyfriend hah mambo italiano by dean martin mack the knife by bobby darin ( about mack the knife , frank sinatra & louis armstrong also sang this song . so if you ... she's so cute ! oh my . i'm sorry about your break up happy valentines day everyone ! what are your plans ? i don't have a valentine but i'm perfectly happy relaxing by myself today :) i go to great school . the top school in my state , actually . so i'm very well educated . i'm going to college and i'm going to be a great women and a great wife . the strange looks are the worst . but i've just gotten use to it . they have their views , and i have mine . i'm not going to change my views just to impress others . and if you want to believe in these ... today , i saw my ex-boyfriend from years ago . luckily , i was able to stay mature and not slap him in the face for what he did to me . to explain . we dated over the summer and i thought things were ... if your friend is passionate about becoming a scientist , then tell her not to give up . there have been many very successful psychologist / scientists that are also enfjs how do you know i was referring to you ? :p i'd be able to look past our hell belief differences so i think we'd be fine hah :) goodness , you pretty much think the same exact way that i do . the only difference is that i don't believe in hell . i believe that god accepts everyone into heaven because we are all his children . and ... i don't think that i wear a mask.the way that i act around my friends , classmates , and other people . is the same way i act around my family . i get along with everyone . i may not have similar interests with other people , but there's always going to be something to talk about with someone else . i don't know about enfj men , but i feel ... haha i do love my black & white photos ! :) i came on here initially for my english class . we were taking the quiz to see what our personality type was . when i got home that day i came on here again to check it out and decided that i would ... it's no secret that i have old-fashioned values . meaning , i believe in ; pampering myself ( keeping my face clean , dressing nice , etc ) , waiting till i find my husband to have sex , ' catering ' to my ... i have no talent when it comes to music . but i do love listening to music ! i generally listen to older music . frank sinatra , dion & the belmonts , ray charles , bobby darin , etc . the parties thrown by your church friends sounds wonderful ! those are the kind of parties i love to throw / go to . it's a lot more personal , and , like you , i'm not exactly a fan of those loud parties ... i am roman catholic and i do consider myself religious . i don't go to church as often as i would like but i don't think that church is the only possible way to get ' close ' to god . i believe that if ... i don't believe that telling someone else that they shouldn't look up to their role model is really appropriate . if mother teresa helps her be a good person , then let her continue looking up to her . young people can make up their own mind . like i said in my previous post , i look up to audrey hepburn . i do tend to do things the way i feel audrey would do but i've never been ' brainwashed ' to do ... definition of role model : a person whose behavior , example , or success is or can be emulated by others , especially by younger people anyone can be a role model . including celebrities . one of the things that i've noticed about enfj's is that we seem to like to throw / go to get-togethers . i personally rarely throw get-togethers myself since i am 18 . but my parents have thrown some ... yay ! :) hahaha sorry :p i usually go to the library after school and do my homework / studying there since i get a lot more done when i don't have to worry about getting distracted . i don't really have a study method , i just ... i know / talk to a lot of people but i really only hang out with 5 of them . i prefer having a few close friends rather than a whole bunch of acquaintances hahaha :) hahaha well i guess audrey just has that power . and that is why i look up to her ! hah :) hahah i knew you were joking , don't worry i'll be sure to do that . i only live in good old michigan so it's not very far haha and i have no idea what you look like either ! hah haha i have no idea yet , but i'll be sure to plan something :) yay for old fashioned views ! :) i want you as well haha in my classes i often talk too fast and my teachers will just stare at me and tell me to slow it down and breathe in between sentences haha and also , pushing the boundaries of people understanding doesn't have to scientific . audrey has changed my understanding of how to act , how to treat myself ( eating healthy , looking nice , etc ) and ... audrey hepburn did great things while she was alive . not only was she a great actress but she was also a great person who liked to help people and make a difference . i do try to shape my life ... i'm curious as to who enfj's look up . are they also enfj's or are they different ? mine is audrey hepburn . she's just so classy & perfect ! 61902 i mean , look at her , she's perfect ! so , which ... woo ! :D it's a very interesting topic ! i also feel a lot energetic now that i'm eating healthier . i've always been healthy , but i never really ate vegetables , but now i do and it's sooo much ... oh gosh . i'm very bad at telling people about myself haha but i'll try ! my name is sophie , i'm 18 ( senior in high school ) , i talk / laugh a lot . i have one older brother . i love researching topics ... haha thank you ! audrey hepburn is someone that i greatly aspire to be like . she was always so classy . woo ! men waiting for a wife seem to be very rare lately , so it's very nice to find one ! :) suburbs get togethers are the best ! especially gatherings of people from your neighborhood i'm 18 and i'm a virgin . not ashamed of it at all . it's not that i'm waiting till marriage , i'm just waiting for the right person . i mean , i can only be a virgin once so why just give it away to ... '