' i don't necessarily have a fascination with evil itself , but more the dark and mysterious inner workings of the mind that orchestrated the evil . i find human behavior , and the core schemata within ... yep . totally agree . it's really hard for me to open up to people about certain aspects of myself , but i am more than willing to process what is going on with others on a deep level . our ... of course . :) there are always anomalies . and much of what determines awesome lovemaking is subjective , or hinges on the emotional and physical chemistry between the pair in question . i actually ... i relate really strongly to everything you just wrote . i've also found that , while i'm intensely passionate internally , within the confines of my own mind , i am inhibited in revealing this ... my fiance and i just took the four temperament test as part of our premarital counseling classes . i'm an infj , and my results showed that i was primarily a perfect melancholy type , secondarily a ... agreed . manipulation gets a bad rep . we all manipulate , in negative but also in positive ways . it's part of altruism . it's even part of the golden rule ( do unto others as you would have others do ... as an infj , i'd agree that i am sensitive to manipulation , in so far as sensing it in others and using it myself . the reason i so often suspect it in others is that i so easily play out in my ... - interesting about taylor momsen . she sounds like a talented , purposeful person , which is refreshing and inspiring . i haven't gotten into jack white's solo work quite as much , but i ... - i didn't like the bullet for my valentine song as it first began . i thought it was going to sound punk-like . but as i listened to it more , i liked it more . and the guitarist who ... endlessnameless : forgot to mention , stone sour has some new stuff out that i like . what do you think ? sorry it took me a while to answer ! i've been super tied down with assignments . yes , i know what you mean about liking shinedown's older material better . same for me . 45 is great , and i really like ... haha thank you for understanding ! :) and no spoilers , i promise . what i said about jon's lineage is just speculation , based off of my wild imagination , paired with very subtle hints given from the ... endlessnameless - hahaha , that's funny . that sounds like something he would say , with a sly smile . i love the books . i've read the first four , and plan on reading the fifth when it comes out in ... that is amazing you got to see pearl jam live . i've always wanted to do that , but have never had the chance ! did you hear them perform black ? for some reason , that one is my favorite . i love this ... hey friend ! :) i have to admit , i've always loved eddie too . he seems like such a beautiful , soulful man . the way he puts his entire existence into his lyrics , and the passionate way he rages and ... maximus - alice in chains is one of my all-time favorites , along with pearl jam , audioslave , stp , and many other long-forgotten 90s rock bands . have you heard their new song stone ? not quite their ... haha , yes . despite being very motivated and indefinitely busy , i find that i'm often inefficient with time management . when i sit down to write a paper , it takes me perhaps twice as long as it would ... haha , yes , i have . i am a very intense person , so it is no surprise that i have a propensity to obsess over the object of my attraction and fascination . it's not something i'm particularly vocal ... i have totally thought of this too . except with mine , it was 32 people , different genders for each type ( you could of course expand this number to 48 or 64 , etc . , depending on how many gender ... i worry about potential situations leading to my death without being close to death , and i already care way too much ( it's called generalized anxiety disorder ) , so i can't imagine what i'm going to ... well . i'm in this graduate program that is attempting to take over my life and make it extremely difficult for me to maintain a balance of healthy self-care and productivity . so , while i wanted to do ... hahahaha . i love this . this sounds exactly like something my boyfriend would say , and he doesn't know if he's an istp or an intp , so he concluded that he was an awesome . that's his type . i think that ... coincidentally or not , i'm pretty good at this too . i have this zeal for getting to the bottom of what makes people tick , and whenever i learn someone's birthday , i immediately associate that ... i have not read enough plato and aristotle , unfortunately , to be able to voice my opinions on this matter with confidence . however , based off of the limited information provided in that picture , i ... because i know , that i'll be coming home soon , with a soldier's eyes , with a soldier's eyes . i think it's a very spiritual song , where home is heaven , and we all see ... i think i know what you mean here . it doesn't happen often , but if i see authority being abused , or if i see some type of inexcusable injustice , i get livid enough to see red . it's like the event ... i wouldn't call it arrogance . i'll see things from others ' perspectives very readily . i'd just call it conviction . you've got to stand for something , and you've got to have a purpose . usually i'm ... me too . as aaron beck once said , anger turned inward often manifests itself in depression ( and anxiety , in my opinion ) . i too struggle with guilt if i externalize any of my anger onto someone else , ... this is interesting . i have found that it is easier for me to relate to and get to know men . i've done a great deal of thinking about why that may be . is it attraction that compels me to engage more ... i don't know if this is very much an infj thing , but i'm an infj and it's very much a me thing , so i'd say between the two of us there is a pattern ! seriously , these two things are very relevant ... dylio i can't help but say , that is quite the avatar you have there . hahaha . to answer the question : provided that i have enough money , i'll never drive anything but an suv . i could even go for ... yes ! cheers . ( clink ) . i was raised very traditional christian , so i am still strongly influenced by christian values . however , as i grew older and became aware of hateful judgment shown by so many christians on certain ... 1 . if you know the answer to something , why do you always have to shout it out before giving the other person a chance to think and respond ? hmm . not me . it usually takes me a while to process what i ... hi istp friend :) 1 . love your avatar . haha . the love you and your dog feel for each other is beautiful . 2 . i think whether or not an infj's feelings are completely obvious to them depends on ... i agree with this . the difficulty with a pseudoscience like psychology ( and subsets of psychology , such as personality ) is that everything within it operates on some kind of dimension without clear ... agreed . in my limited experience dabbling within the intj forums , i've noticed that intjs choose to pay attention to theoretical patterns , while infjs choose to pay attention to motivational ones . i ... our perception is our reality . just so , since infjs usually experience abstract perceptions rather than concrete ones , our reality may seem to others more figurative than literal , or more ... true . i didn't consider that aspect of ethicality , but you're right . persons pushing the button ( especially with premorbid mental disorders ) may have suffered a great deal afterwards . i need to learn ... hello . infj infiltrating an intj thread . ( sheepish grin ) . ever heard of the 1960s milgram experiment ? in short , it was an [ now unethical ] experiment that measured level of blind obedience to an ... yes ! you can totally argue how a , b , or c could be contributing factors , and unless there have been statistics in repetitive studies that have proven one has a larger effect than the others , there is ... my strong suit has always been my writing . thus , i can ace an essay / short answer test , but i have historically had more difficulty performing well on multiple choice tests . my problem is that i ... hey there , bear :) i work at a suicide hotline , and one of the questions that we're required to ask people that call in is , do you want to die , or do you just want to be out of pain ? the ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? infj . 2 : what's your gender ? female . 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? eldest . 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? ... sun : libra rising : capricorn moon : aquarius mercury : scorpio venus : scorpio mars : aquarius i suppose i could say ... my capricorn rising explains my crappy deadpan humor and the impression that ... i had a very similar experience with a former manager , while working part-time during school . he was overbearing , micromanaging , and ( not that i would know , but ) he seemed like he was constantly on ... haha , yay ! i heart you for hearting me . haha , gotta love our diarrhea of the mouth ! :P haha , i know ! it's awesome . i find myself quoting it all the time . for example , if there's ever an awkward moment during conversation ( which , for me , happens daily ) i've gotten to the point where ... haha , and oh yes , how could i forget this :  i love monty python . it's in my top three . '