( i miss you , darling . ) i stumbled backwards into a darkening night the throb of blood beat in my veins the red that flowed along frightened me and the white that flashed behind my lids ... for me , my worst is when i become extremely close-minded , cynical , accusatory , and demanding . i get pessimistic , sarcastic , and snide with others around me . i completely make sure that they're aware ... i have never really known an xntp who was concerned with truth in a necessarily altruistic or noble or otherwise what-could-possibly-be-called-heroic-by-most-people way ... myself included . that seems ... well , even i find that the more beautiful a person is , shall we say , internally , the more i am inclined to pursue some sort of relationship with them , while an internally ugly person completely ... personal - name : sarah . - any nicknames ? a few , yes . - male / female / trans ? female . - if you could get up and go anywhere in the world at the present moment , where would you go and why ? travelling ... i would trust the doctor ... who ... oh , wait . i'll just ... leave now . exit's this way , i guess ... sorry for my late reply , and my use of ellipses . actually , those all of what you've said seems to be true , but the above particularly . what i've seen is that they can start pranks because of a ... ah , you don't think that i ever made her aware of this , do ... i mean ... what are you saying ? why , of course it was always her idea ! i was just ... lending my constructive support ! ( honestly , ... ah , how i love censorship ! : laughing : what is on my desk that i am currently reading ( because listing all of the books that are on my desk would take a while ): greek grammar , the logic of scientific discovery , on physics and ... it's true what's been said about intps being able to think up a mischievous plot and have another carry it out . my ixtj roommate and i kind of became infamous for the pranks we played while in ... esfp , i would say . maybe a well-developed thinking function of sorts . you sound lovely . ' irregardless ' is not a word . cheers . good luck on trying to figure out intps , there . i've been trying to figure myself out for the past twenty years ... anyhow . how much experience in relationships do you have ? not much , admittedly ... many isfps whom i've known have had self-esteem issues at one point . eventually they tend to grow out of it themselves . if not , a loyal , loving friend--to whom they vent and be comforted--always seem ... for now , i second the man from nowhere ( 아저씨 ) . a film like this doesn't receive seven ( if i remember the number aright ) awards for nothing . it's the best film i've seen all year , hands down . i'm having a hard time getting past the title of this post ... ' see ' sarcasm ? is that possible ... without hearing it ? which makes me wonder how much of sarcasm is actually seen in the face rather than ... do you wear a lot of makeup ? i almost never wear makeup . the only times that i have worn it have been times when ( a ) i was required to present myself in a certain way ( i . e . socially respectable , for ... entps are probably my favourite type of ... well , i've never had a romantic relationship with one yet , but ... friend , anyway . i've had an entp friend for ten years , more or less , and we can still sit ... i'm a vegan , but only because i have never liked meat or eggs , and i am allergic to dairy . i think that it works out quite nicely in that regard . anyway , to me , vegan food tastes so much better . she always seemed to me to be rather more like an infp or other nf type , but , then , i haven't read the book in years . i must protest ! ( doth i protest too much ? ) that's not a question ! what ( or who ) is your favourite subject ( of whatever country , and , if so , proper nouns only , please ) ? one of the problems i foresee with your trying to ... what ? bond socially ? if that's what you're trying to do ... is that you continue to refer to other human beings as ' sheeple ' . i recall having these ... i'm fairly allergic to dairy and i have no taste for eggs or meat ( i never have ) , which is why i decided to become a practicing vegan . of course , i have considered the ethics and the environmental ... can the intp play ? please ? you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! official messages from omegle will not be sent with the label ' stranger : ' . strangers claiming to represent omegle ... like many intps , apparently , as a child and teenager i was often told to ' smile more ' and my erstwhile expression was often one of furrowed brow and drooping mouth . as an adult , i've since focussed ... yep yep . i haven't showered or slept well or eaten a full meal or exercised in a few days . i would have used the only good excuse with which i came up , namely , that it's college finals time--but then ... i've only cried twice while reading , at least that i can remember . once , when reading hamlet's soliloquy ( ' to be or not to be'--i've been there ) , and another while reading fahrenheit 451 , whenever ... observe mine , below : ( heh , who knows how true it is , though ? ) you seem to be going through a little bit of depression , or at the very least , soul-searching . i think that must be normal for enfps at some point . my mum had depression and hatred for herself for a ... exactly . i've been called ' sweet ' and ' kind ' by mere acquaintances , but i get ' cold ' or ' harsh ' from my family and close friends . i'm very polite to those whom i don't know well but have a feeling ... you sound just like an isfp i know . actually , almost exactly like ... how odd . what makes me angry ? really , truly angry ? dishonesty in people ( under this falls lies , going behind my back , manipulation , theft , withholding important information ) and someone's ( not my own ) hair in ... fun boy three . the lunatics have taken over the asylum . the meaning behind t . s . eliot's poems slavery in cuba from c . 1500 to 1886 learning scottish gaelic ( gàidhlig ) learning welsh ( cymraeg ) philosophy , especially descartes and singer ... : sad : i don't believe it . i am not a cold , hard rock . i can be kind and warm inside , too . ( actually , inside , i'm about as warm as 37 ° c . ) i would , hesitantly , say that you're an ixtp . you seem to be somewhat like me , although not completely like , admittedly . meh . i don't really know . perhaps you should , if you haven't , look into intp ... ashes to ashes . not as good as life on mars , but it's all right , i suppose . i had one when i was about thirteen , but she was more of a joke than anything . she was an elf called elwyn . she liked tire swings . i made her play with my cousins . they were amused . i ate a whole box of licorice today ... but then i got a stomachache , so i don't suppose that counts . oh , right . i woke up . being alive is good . i'm the eldest daughter . i have an older brother , but he's much older , and a younger sister , but she's not much younger . i love how only males have posted so far . i used to be quite into weaponry of all sorts , but especially medieval . i don't remember much of what i read , since i was much younger , but i do recall ... chasing butterflies all day in beautiful open fields of flowers , catching them and stuffing them into jars , and , later , at night , when all is dark and still , laughing evilly as i stab their bellies ... i'm a native english speaker . i've learnt a little bit of latin , french , german , spanish , italian , welsh , scots gaelic , sindarin and quenya ( ha ! ) , though i'm not really fluent in any of them . i'm ... like a carrot , or ... ? going insane . that is , losing control of my mind . clove . complex and slightly bitter , yet slightly sweet . for the woman . sorry , was that ambiguous ? shame on me . er , sometimes ... i've almost been in accidents because of my day-dreaming , though , admittedly . we don't need a team of intps , because one of us would get much more done than a team of intjs would . oh , yes , they're so charming ! not to gush , but have you ever seen them war dance ? it's amazing . i don't understand the prejudice against ferrets . and , no , it's funny , but whenever anyone enters my ...