' there just isn't much good . sorry to say . life is demoralizing . fast forward to 2012 - a day to remember except it should rewind ria .. hmm addictions , laziness , distracting myself , lack of sleep , procrastination , everything ... haha yeah , i understand that much . and i did it . i have a terrible habit of not turning work i did , in . i know why she's doing it . but she's possibly the only one i know who can irritate me that much , any ... rip mitch lucker and god give me the strength to do , what you created me to do-miles away by memphis may fire and survive by rise against 1 . ) is there something that you've always wanted to do or have been interested in ? broadly , specifically , a journey , creation , vocation , etc ? i've always wanted to be some form of scientist and ... so , i'm in high school . it's officially almost the end of my junior year , and i'm failing one class , have a d - in another a bunch of b's and c's andd an a + in engineering . i'm proud of that one . my ... i wouldn't know . started driftin around this past year . but i like it here . its homey . a and i take criticism quite well ... depending on who it is that's criticizing . my fury is usually spent in a pretty okay manner recently namely punching bag proud to be the first guy to post ! huzzah . well , personally , ( if my future girlfriend / fiance was to agree and want this ) i would want a completely amazing out of the box all out random wedding . with ... i voted for quality time and physical affection . i'm terrible at letting people know how i feel with words , and i like spending time with people i want to be close to . ( in both romantic and friend ... personally , i need my friends . i go crazy if left on my own for more than a day or two . truly , i'd love to be snowboarding right now . first off , i love my mom , but at the same time , she gets on my nerves . its weird , because we are similar , but she freaks on the smallest things . see , she walks in the door , and bam , its like anyone ... i'm not sure exactly , but from experience , i'd pretty much say it's because ... i think too much . also , i end up causing my own anxiety ( something i need to work on ) but having had major depression for ... i'm almost never assertive , in fact , for most of the past 16 years of my life , i haven't really said a word . except for when i was depressed . unfortunately , now it's flipped , so i enjoy making people ... hmm , i have two different types of writing , and therefore two different ways of doing said writing . a ) when i'm writing my story , i just ... write . b ) if i want to write a song or a poem , i wait ... don't know why i think this fits infps , but austin carlisle ( the unclean vocals , or screams for those uneducated ) , wrote this about his mother . i'm no help , other than i was going to try to go into game design / programming ... which is maybekindasortascience . but i'm in an engineering class , so ... just because i felt like posting today for the first time in forever ... its clothes . though personally the only clothes i wear that say much anything are my band tshirts . which is weird when i wore an ... quote from a conversation between me and my friend ( who just happens to be a very famous online walkthrough gamer comedian on youtube ... not saying who .. ever . ) throw me in a box , and i'll light ... personally , its a little weird to me , but that's because i like to be honest ... but by all means be a pretend girl . * sings * i'm proud to be an american , where i have water for seven planntss ! lets see my friends : lets go do something ! lets plan something ! me : i wonder ... my cousin : i'm so fucking ripped right now ... ( that was a joke ... mostly ) how do you respond to authority figures in your life ? do you generally question authority or are you pretty submissive ? why , i question all of authority ! read my mood . and this fact about me has ... my dad is an extrovert , and i don't know him enough to really type him well . anyways , he ended up teaching me how to at least order food , which i could not do , because my voice would shake and i ... i don't currently have a job , and i know whatever i will pick now will be something i hate until i can make it through college and hopefully find something i like to do . and i'm a major mooch , ... i'm no where near an addiction at this point , but i could be quite soon . well , drinking anyways . with a major history of alcoholism and addictions ( great grandfather was an alcoholic , and a couple ... slow but if i'm with my friends i'm hyped up unless its one on one time then its mellowww just to throw this whole place off i know exactly ... none of you ! so i pair myself with myself greatest . relationship . ever . its never let me down ! except at night . night sucks . unless you're ... i can write poetry and lyrics sometimes , if i'm feeling like it . the thing i have trouble with is speaking out loud . i have a million ideas that , as said before , have yet to meet the english ... wow , i , for once in my life , am speechless . but here goes . you are right in your assumption , that if they were truly friends , they wouldn't have left . and , if you feel that you do have a curse , ... define therapist . i've played that role a thousand times . also , i was in the mood to make a joke . maybe it will cheer someone up , hmm ? laughter is good therapy , is it not ? i'm in the middle . before high school nobody in high school nobody , unless i have a friend in the class , then i am me . the funny me . i am nearly 16 . until june , pedobear can creep on me . although maybe , it should have been pedosantorum . also , how age seems to work 1-13 . you grow up . 14 - onward , you ... is that good , or bad ? fair judgement rim . however , self pity seems to be the norm her , so sherlock , go solve a different case , and please , thanks for the opinion , but , shush . that is , an epic wedding . though my girlfriend had an extremely funny dream about me and her getting married ... and she's adopting her sister's kid ... life's odd . what made me happy , was the perfect ... hmm .. how to explain my emotions in a post without sounding like a crackpot ... alright . are we worth the trouble ... depends on the day . self-perception is just a flat no . because having some ... i may have mentioned it before , but i can turn off the helping , but its not really under my control . i try to be there for everyone , so it might just be that . i say ole chap . you dream of freddie mercury ? the one thing i will mention is my friends dream . its a song what doesn't kill you makes you stronger ! the chorus of that song . on repeat . i poke fun ... maybe we need an international infp conference . that'd be pretty fun , wouldn't it ? and failing school seems to be what i excel at . i don't seem to belong in any form of group . * ahem * not bragging ... finally , i'm not alone in that one ! if it wasn't obvious before , that's what i have . do you hate it , or do you like it ? that's the real question i suppose say someone helped you with work , then you felt really good about knowing whatever it was that you learned , and you taught someone else . there's a link to emotion , is there not ? if you flip between logic and emotion , all you end up with is a jumbled mess . stick with logic , but never analyze emotions with logic . you'll just hurt yourself thinking to hard . hmm , always feel like being a hero . i've tried to be the hero , and i've failed more often than not . its really quite stupid , but addictive . thats pretty close to what i feel . ( adhd man , that's probably all my friends ) i constantly flick between need to talk , need help , need , need , need . to sorry , not interested . and then theres the ... i've had depression since ... about 12 or 13 . ( nearly 16 now ) that actually might be a possibility though . depends on the day really . i'm super fun and excited one second , usually with certain friends and then two seconds later i'm a depressed mess . plus , i do want to help them , and i know i can't but ... i'm actually 15 right now , and i didn't start writing until the beginning of this year . creativity is so very different for everyone , but once you find something you're good at , you'll slap yourself ... '