' for once , i do not actually agree with the majority of advice in this thread , with the exception of one poster : cmouse 79 we enfps overthink things easily and read between the lines , especially if ... kissing is like a ' quick ' way to show you are affectionate to your partner . it feels nice . it feels even nicer if you kiss your partner the right way and they get a big grin or smile on their ... i must admit i did not read all of the posts in this thread , but here's my two pieces of pastry : whenever one of my intj friends overstepped themselves and hurt me or my feelings or offended me , i ... a few things intjs like to hear , according to my experience : 1 ) any form of sincere gratitude : ' thank you , <insert-name-here> ! ' , or ' this is a big help , thanks <insert-name-here> ! ' . especially ... currently working in the software development field , but branching out in a more managerial direction within that field . as long as i can use my social skills and assets , along with my practical ... exactly this ! i just shift my attention from one set of friends to another . i think it is healthy enough behavior . you don't want to be floating around the same people all the time , anyway . so i ... one of the hardest things in college to do , for some individuals , is getting out of their own shell and learn to meet new people . see if people from your classes seem agreeable enough to get along ... the way we have it set up is that we get a room , en-suite , and we can indicate preferences about the type of house-mates we have regarding student accommodation . see if something kind of like that is ... your logic is interesting , but it does not add up . especially on the drunk part . people are not as likely to suppress certain actions when they drink , unlike when they do not drink . the concept is ... i always keep mine in check regularly , without much stimulus required ( such as reading , games etc ) . though if i have access to stimuli of choice , i'll listen to music . i find music to be the most ... equilibrium - rise again only have the instrumental video on yt , but it will do ... it's wonderful to listen to if you love your metal ! better internet , and for the next month to pass by . so many big things happening in my life at the moment . lot's of big changes . it is kind of tricky to deal with it all . but after next month , ... what you have to realize is that even the most introvert of individuals still require social contact . it's a fact . you are no exception to this rule . it is important for you to surround yourself ... let's ignore the fact that the story is very scripted with no room for budging the situation as described , for arguments sake . if you were on the receiving end , would you really want a person to ... this concept takes a while to get your head around , but maye is absolutely correct . don't go doing things you'll regret just because a relationship did not work out . you made a good decision to ... i never said not to be a feminist or a career woman . nor did i say that men feel threatened by it . :| i clearly stated you can have your own career , but don't let that be the primary focus . the ... i think what cybersloth 81 was trying to say is that if any form of feminism , even the vibe of it is portrayed on your dating profile , it can turn some people away . because your profile is meant to ... excellent news ! except for the competition part . in what respect is there competition ? a few more details would be useful if you want our advice on that . i am glad that the date went well . make ... mmmm . delicious . love devin townsend . this is what happened for me . i was insured through the driving school which was included in the overall fee for it . just do it through a driving school , it avoids a lot of hassle , imo . my sister is actually a sensory type . i have not , to my knowledge , met anyone else who happens to be a sensory type . so i cannot really answer that question effectively . spending time with my sister ... quite often . i look around me , at the people who are apparently happy and successful in life . feeling like they are all that , and then there's me . these kinds of thoughts are upsetting . they keep ... exactly what this one here said . if i don't get intellectual stimulation once in a while , i feel like it's been a wasted day . that's probably why i am attracted to people who thrive in ... exactly what this guy said . he owes you a certain degree of consideration when he is in a relationship with you , i think . you have to respect your partner , and they have to respect you . i think it ... what this post tells me is that you carry a lot of uncertainty within yourself . the solution is relatively straight forward , and i'd like to explain it my way . the first thing i want to say , is ... based on the ( limited ) information and the responses people have given , it most likely is a case of a bad first impression either through profile picture , or possibly information on the profile ... i'm not really the right person to ask . i don't really go out there looking for them . maybe i * should * , but i don't at the moment . they are meant to be quite rare however , according to some results ... opposites attract , and there's just enough common ground to learn and grow from one another with intj and enfp . :) that said , i find myself stupidly attracted to intjs . apparently infjs are a good ... not really sure how to feel . i have been in a feeling limbo for a while . lots of transitions happening in my life , the majority which really f * cking suck beyond description . unsure how i will ... sunless rise - eidolon certainly a thing for those who like more melody in their heavier metal . here is a question for you ( or to any of the enfps out there ) , a question of a more serious nature . how do you , as an enfp , handle people who do not treat you with equal respect in any kind of ... it most likely is a case of desperation from the guys . i am willing to bet you are not the only lady that they approach in this fashion on that site . you are most likely just another target to ... my results : gender : male age : 16-26 intelligence : above-average idea adoption : conservative mbti personality profile : isfp closest alternative we found : istp imo , i would purchase laptops from the msi or asus brand . they have a slightly better rep than hp or dell . the specs that were suggested by people are on point , and 15 inches on the screen is ... i would not really label myself as the bubbly personality either , though my intj friend has slapped the nickname glitterz on me . i have no idea why ! lol ... :P having said that , i just tend to be ... i like it , but i don't love it . 1 ) i do software development . 2 ) studied for 4 years , personally learning more in the workplace than i do at college . 3 ) i can create anything ! i am planning ... i think that depends on the maturity of the infj themselves . they do care about making the world a better place , but i found that locke has behavioral patterns to show he cares . like at the start ... yep . all the time . i find it ultimately falls down on the fact that people are happy to point out flaws in someone . i don't think it matters if you are an enfp or not , but since this is an enfp ... i don't think i'd want that much control , to be honest ... but if i did , i would probably create a world where people would be more brave in general . and throw in the odd mythical creature here and ... i'd estimate him at an infj , though it's a tough guess . brilliant book series though , absolutely worth the read . one of the best fantasy series out there today , no doubt about it . i would personally enjoy it if my so showed forms of affection . i would not go overboard with it myself , though . holding hands , maybe the odd small kiss here and there , my arm over her shoulder , that ... enfps are very friendly by nature to pretty much anyone . if we can resolve a situation with a smile , that's what we will do . if we can do that and make friends on the way , even better . if he is ... we enfps still have to self-reflect by introverting away from people . and the amount we have to do that depends on the friend . some people are more mentally or socially exhausting . now , don't take ... i did chuckle a bit at this stuff , i won't lie . because the behavioural and mental thinking patterns are so atypical of intjs . what ’ s the best course of action ? ( before , during and after ) ... count on it that he's distracted , based on the information that you've given , because : 1 ) he lives in a nearby city . guaranteed it costs time and money to travel from the one city to another ... that's the best part about intjs . they balance us out when it comes to pure logic and organizing things . we need our healthy batch of intjs ! * gives poizon soda and a bro-fist * :D i've been called over-analytical because i like digging into details of things . it's for my own understanding and to really get a good grasp of said thing , whatever that may be . lately been called ... 1 ) words of affirmation go the longest mile for me . anyone can be a liar , but the words hold true if the feeling behind them are true as well . it's like an open declaration which sends out a firm ... you can actually ask an enfp out without making it too awkward . we actually love simple things , and if you ask him out in a very simple fashion and just have a nice time , it gives you the perfect ... it might have been said before . but personally in my chosen circle of friends , if you do not put an effort forward to try and maintain some form of contact with me , you automatically fall of my i ... '