' no i can understand . i'm so used to being alone at times , i miss it when i'm out with friends . then again , if i'm holed up in my apt for too long ( like 24-48 hrs over the weekend if i have no plans ) , ... this made me incredibly sad . :( some of the responses in here made me sad to know there are amazing people in here feeling lonely . ( i appreciate the honest , i may feel alone but never lonely as ... i used to frequent another forum years ago and just find forums to be compiled of introverts . perhaps some esfjs don't have the time or patience to be active on a forum . i go through my moments when ... oh yeah for family .. hm . take her to a favorite restaurant of hers . if you know she's into something like birds , or zombies , or flowers ( i have no idea what your aunt is into and i'm being random ... could not agree more ! hm , i am an internet nerd . memes ? seen it all . thank you instagram . maybe i developed adult add but its a bad habit of always checking my phone on some social media outlet : either fb , instagram , or ... yes ! i don't know what it is .. some of my best friends growing up used to say oh , you know where to find scyllla at a party - look for the quietest , shyest guy and she will be right there next to ... omg this is the best question ever ! seriously , good work . now , expect a novel .. ;) all joking aside , some ways to show appreciation from my experience ( and keep in mind i'm currently dating an ... i always feel like we are hated , so its nice to meet someone who appreciates us ! thank you ! i take the mbti test every few months to make sure i am maybe not some other esxx type . always esfj . yay ! you are my forum twin ! esfj here , dating an intp for past 1.5 and you couldn't have worded it better : best person i know . we've had our ups and downs ( and downs aren't even really ' down ' like ... you couldn't have explained it any better . i swear you could write a book about this pairing and i'd buy and read it all the time . i finally ( after much obvious realizations and going from living ... curious what happened ( if you don't mind me asking ) . very similiar situation i'm in and we have known and dated each other for over a year ( took awhile for us to be like ' ok we are together right ? ... the intp i'm dating ( and have observed over the past year and half ) is so much like this . i'm an esfj and the op sounds a bit like me honestly . my intp has friendships from when he was in hs and ... as someone not new to this forum , or intps , this is all hilarious . i think i'd be annoyed too if i were an intp to be coming across thread after thread on how do i know if intp loves me ? . :) lol i follow that author , heidi priebe on fb - she's awesome ! a few times she has even replied back in a comment ! ! and yes , i needed to read that . so true . thank you ! couldn't agree more , mollusk . as much as i always kind of wanted an outgoing exxx type , i now know after meeting different types of people , i just feel more myself and love my surroundings when ... yes , so true ! so far , the best match ( lately as i grow older ) has been intp i've been seeing on / off for 16 mos now ( things seem to be back ' on ' ) . the reassurance i get from is whenever he spends ... all of this yes ! ! ! i can seriously read anything and everything you write . its amazing . okay , that being said , everything you described puts my intp into more i than e . i think because i'm ' in ' he just feels so ... man , sorry to hear this . i sometimes feel my assertive , sometimes ' over the top teasing ' ways with my intp could lead to damaging him but he knows he can always talk to me if there were any problems ... getting past the skinny dipping part ( we've all messed up at some point , so i get it ) , but if she's still talking to you and hanging out , she may be just feeling you out and putting you on some weird ... no . i help without ever thinking they would help me , or rely on them helping me in the future . i'm not sure if this is a combination of people disappointing me over the years ( i've built up a lot of ... i re-read this like , 3 times . this is so eloquently put , i had my intp guy / friend ( whatever we are ) read it and laugh uncomfortably . ( i know that's his way of agreeing non verbally ) i honestly ... yeah i kind of feel this way to be honest . i may be jam packed on a saturday but then i need sunday to just be lazy and not leave the house and chill in my pjs . sometimes i come across guys who seem ... sounds like you've been with or maybe currently with an esfj ? you hit the nail on the head here and described why i keep appreciating the intp in my life . i can't explain it well , but it's just so ... the intp i know would never ( intentionally ) hurt anyone or thing . passive , lover not a fighter types . but , yes there are times where he hurts me emotionally , not realizing how much i do adore him ... if i can meet an entp interested in me irl , i'd definitely love to know more ! seems most of them are intx honestly , or taken by someone else lol . i will definitely keep an eye out for this type bc i ... yeah , you are wording it well in regards to the intp i know . in recent events , i found out this intp loves me , so it explains his very ( surprisingly ) affectionate , cuddling ways with me . i have ... it could be - i am pretty laid back / easy going . from other stories i've read on esfj ( women ) and intp ( men ) , it's almost horrendous stories of how demanding for attention we are , how much we don't ... yeah , most of my male friends are intjs to be honest , and they are like the brothers i never wanted . i love them sure , but after awhile they piss me off and i need some distance / few days away from ... i have read that article several times when i had the intp living with me and i was helping him explore his sexual side ( he was a 26 yr old virgin that i uh , deflowered - is that what the kids are ... yes ! this all sounds too true for me ( as of last few years ) . one thing's for sure - - if i ever came across any isxx's , i'd be sure to sink my claws of curiosity in them ! just glad i'm not ... i tend to gravitate towards introverts more ... when i find someone extroverted , it causes me to be the introvert and let them do their outgoing thing . maybe i like to be ( since i'm used to it ) the ... well hi friend ! yes , i do agree with this , but i seem to try to follow their lead ( i can be bit guarded too because of being burned in past ) . so if they're eager , i am too . who knows though . i have yet to meet any isxx ... :( i am always looking for various types ! thanks though ! i won't get into much details , but just curious if any other esfjs having a hard time connecting with someone to have a meaningful relationship in their early 30s ? i would think our type has the ... i hate people . ( as much of a people person i am , sometimes i just don't want to deal with them , but you'd never hear me posting about hating people because no one would believe me due to how social ... i have a very positive story with an intp . i'm definitely an esfj ( i seriously take the test every 6 mos to see if it changes , nope - - and my friend has taken it and complete intp so its relatable ) ... i don't think that's necessarily the case . guess it depends on the situation . at first , if someone is starting to be rude to me ( i'm trying to be helpful , and they're being condescending or too ... since i didn't read correctly the first time ... and i understand you accidentally shot your best friend .. maybe i've been watching too much walking dead or scandal , but i'd dig that bullet out of ... i constantly get told i'm so nice or one of the nicest people they know .. or ' too nice ' .. but honestly , maybe i keep my ' mean girls ' attitude in check and hidden , but i find myself being mean to ... 2w1 here . i am the youngest . almost an only child in a sense as my brother is 13 yrs older and was never around growing up ( i recall him moving out when i was 4-5 ) . so nice to meet many like ... intps are wonderful ( so far ... ) i have read enough about them as i'm currently kind of dating one ( he's very shy and in his mid / late 20s im his first girl encounter lets say ) but so far its been ... i couldn't agree more . as i grow older ( ugh i turn another year in 2 weeks too ) , i have found myself more upset by someone going against their word and flaking out then when i was in my early 20s . i ... i'm currently seeing an intp and before him i believe most of my partners were inxx to some degree . not sure about the rest of you esxx in here , but do you notice if someone is more extraverted ... i just saw the last hobbit flick last night and thought about bilbo's part in the whole group and which one i would be ( oddly enough - thankfully you have this random thread ! ) as much as i admire ... you could not have described it so perfectly for me than that . i've been typed an esfj for awhile , but knowing i'm currently looking into taking a major career break in a few years to travel the ... yeah it seems on one site i get more of esfp result , but over the years and watching youtube videos explaining esfjs more , it seems i'm more of that type - i seem to get off ( in a non-sexual but ... thanks guys ! i've been on forums before ( more so 2005-2010 ) and meeting new people online from across the states and even globe has been so beneficial . what i like most about perc from my ... thanks ! merry christmas to you too ! i keep forgetting its the holidays because i live about 1000 miles from my parents and more / less spend this season to myself ( bit of a hermit crab oddly enough ... '