' a tangerine . thank you . i also found out there's a thief stealing packages in our area ... so i canceled all of the orders ( oh right , i said bought ? silly me ) . not even going to bother picking them up instead ... amazon . i probably mistyped myself as intj and now i'm just gonna leave it there to save me from the public embarassment via the internet . fml . i even bought a bunch of books about isfps just today . argh . isfp . of course he appears extroverted in his videos ... do you think he'd be # 1 on youtube being all quiet like ? holy shit ... wow . welp , either way i enjoyed the video . thank you . i was merely just saying . you sure do remind me of my mother who's an estj ... hmm .. you could try doing some research and come up with a strategy on how to win this enfp over . maybe ... tell him what you really think and don't trick him into anything he wouldn't like , especially for the long run . ... you consider yourself a good driver while others say you're a f * * * ing reckless driver . estj : heartless , not human , raised son gone bad ... yeah it's my mother . infp : egotist , obnoxious , not okay , crazy , kid , weird enfj : depressed , down , soft ? istp : gay ( ' cause i didn't give in to ... as with food , as with people - the legend of zhen hua ( drama ) grab the ppsspp app ( psp emulator ) for your android smartphone , load tons of games you'd like on it . or if you already own a playstation portable , bring that ... and many many games . it feels so good when my istp friend ( who is awesome ) listens to my orders . secretly , i highly admire the guy and he's much older than me . i believe ~ well , i'm inspired somewhat lol . hit me up too , intj gurlz . lol jk or am i ... hi . entj here , trying to recruit you . hahah . working with a rich entj . boom and here you are . welcome . do you like entjs ? hello . hahaha hang on ... as i sharpen my claws . feimto ( entj ) and gir ( intp ) the next tina fey . how delicious . i'm exactly the same as griffith ( entj ) from berserk . griffith - berserk wiki - berserk manga and anime what would you indicate about me ? eat flesh and drink blood . seeing humans die . welcome to perc , child . yeah , i remember . it's alright , and apology accepted . how delicious ... i feel it all over ... love ... hate . ultimate pleasure . ultimate pain . life and death . all here to enjoy before my very eyes . a true nature of man is here and now . * enters the thread * everyone ... hold your rounds of applause . hello , i'm doing magical , thank you for asking . my name is feimtom and i'm an entj . i'm sure you'll learn more than you could imagine . welcome to the forum . we'd probably want to kill each other ... welcome . it's a comforting idea i suppose ... however , it either won't exist / be available within this poor guy's life span . none of you will live forever anyway . if it ends up being just a near-death experience , it's quite the experience . i think intj . take it lightly as i'm still a young entj . meow ~ just my child regina doing her thing as per usual . this is one of her darker songs . beautiful scenes . however ... actual heads exploding . kings from the castle in the sky . haha , by that i meant ready to not get slapped at all . xd nevermind . i wasn't here .  welcome ~ ! uwaaah aah a ah aaahh uuuh uhuuhuhhh they made a statue of us the sculptorrr came to see us our noses are off , you can't do thisss ! alululululululululu ... idk , but i like seeing people's heads explode with blood gushing out all over the place . don't think many can relate to that alone . uhh hello ? studio ghibli > disney . apres moi [ chorus :] be afraid of the lame they'll inherit your legs be afraid of the old they'll inherit your souls be afraid of the cold they'll inherit your blood apres moi , le deluge listening to this all damn , f * * * ing day . '