' - do you find it easy to forgive ? very much so , i have better things to do with my time . do you find yourself forgiving the same mistakes over and over ? depends on the magnitude of the mistake , ... we infjs are all metal . you guys have the same problem enfps do , no one takes you seriously enough to be offended at your lies . :P all types lie for their own reasons . but seriously it's absurd that estps are winning ... i think lad said it best . infjs seem to be high on the ulterior motive type list not necessarily because they're evil and conniving , more because the intuition lets them see the added benefit and ... teddy roosevelt , fdr , and jfk to name a few . outside of the us you have winston churchill . all were estps . all of these individuals are very respected even among those who disagree with them . give ... i don't like calling it cold and calculating though i see what they're getting at , but honestly i'm not sure what to call it . i think nichya had it closest with her comment on fi being string ...  in theory or in practice ? everything ! “ when i was a boy of 14 , my father was so ignorant i could hardly stand to have the old man around . but when i got to be 21 , i was astonished at how much the old man had learned in ... that's awesome ! it's like the progressive version of idocracy . i can see it now ! they need to make a movie where the two future societies go to war . i think the main problem with sjws is that they don't seem to stop a consider the fact that the changes in society they want are going to take a long time to come to fruition . they want results now ... all of them ! i'm very curious of what people see through eyes that aren't mine , i wish i could bounce around . i'd be willing to hear to you out , though i encourage you to post them publicly . yes , you get to be the oppressor of my people . if you've read dune , i'm the barron and you're the beast rabban , now get to work . lmfao , you're a genius ! i've been toying with an idea , and i'll admit it's probably wrong but it's an interesting thought none the less . that we are born with the preference for our top 4 functions and the order is ... agreed on both accounts . perhaps for the sake of fairness we should agree to split ireland ? we can think of it as the new west / east germany . deal on both accounts . good call on the women too , though i have to admit i am a sucker for the blonde and blue eyed aryan beauties . ( hitler joke intended ) had to deal with this totally waste of time thing called studying . i think given my response i get to be hitler :D ooooh tough one ... i'll take the northern hemisphere with your pledge of undying cooperation . absolutely ! and we're not alone , many have walked the same path with great results ! robespierre , lenin , stalin , mao , pol pot , cromwell ... a whole host of outstanding figures ! hey now i have a very strong value system . and i highly value a fat paycheck . : tongue : funny , i was planning on ruling the world myself ... perhaps we can come to an agreement .. ? my biggest problem is that there was never a decent proposal made . so i follow you and ... what exactly am i following ? other than some sort of sentiment that rich people suck ? sorry i have better ... aside from the glaringly obvious retort i could make to that comment . bear in mind that personalty has nothing to do with personal value systems and even perspectives very . hitler was socially ... why should i support your dream when i think my dream is better ? or is it ? or do we have the same dream ? also i would definitely call elon musk one of the rich and powerful and yet he seems to ... on the subject of dark / unhealthy ni : lyrics in description they're alright , i think the issue most people have with them is communication . whether you like it or not you're going to have to communicate on their terms ( like entjs ) , and they do also respect ... it's not a song , but read dune by frank herbert . it's pretty much a full novel of nothing but ni perception , it's exaggerated and dramatized for the sake of the story , but the essence is there . not ... i think one thing important to bear in mind is that the mbti generally focuses more on how the individual interacts with the environment rather than what's going on in their head . so to the ... my two favorite modern infj rock stars : marilyn manson and till lindemann .  there was a question just like this in my logic design class final . coincidentally it was given under the same conditions you gave , meaning never seen it before and not given a clue on how to solve ... and for those of you in love with intjs so yeah , if you ideologize infjs check out creature feature's song bad blood if you're partial to intjs ... a warning to all of you how meet an unhealthy infj . he does bring up an interesting point though . i think it's not so much that ti users in general don't understand te , but that it just doesn't interest them . i think most if not all ti users would ... i never looked at it that way yeah , now that you mention it it does seem like that people ( at work ) don't actually say this , but i can tell : i really appreciate how punctual you are ... in high school i smoked a lot of weed . i stopped the week after i graduated , and i cut my hair . how does alcohol affect me , well i do get more energetic and talkative , same as most people . ... the beatles are very much overrated , but i enjoy sgt . peppers . the diagrams in general represent n , it's the nature and objective of the diagrams that differentiate them . in my opinion . yes yes , your quote and intuition itself ultimately relates to a person's ability to understand the various factors and variables that are playing behind the sensory scene . for example you see a ... going on what windblownhair said : estjs ( and entjs ) value competence above most else , and they really do respect an inquiring and open mind . the trick is to use the fe powers to communicate on ... the spider web visualization is ne . ni looks more like a flow chart . now of course flow charts and spider webs do look similar but one focuses on the expansion and interconnections of the present ... 20 , but many of them were a mild / slight yes . one thing to consider is that coping with unpleasant situations gets easier as you get older simply because life forces you to . it's very much a sink ... question 1 : all areas really . i think one of the most significant differences between our types is that you guys are better at debate while we're better at diplomacy . if you hear an idiot speaking ... well you could always walk up to him when in public and give him a big kiss ... that's got to be high on the list of how to give an istj a heart attack . well yeah it's annoying but i think it's kind of a knee jerk reaction for them . also we're not exactly the best at initiating either , only difference between us and istjs is that we make it ... acidosis the time traveler do you guys sometimes accidentally , or on purpose i suppose , find yourself pushing said person away ? or behaving too uninterested ? perhaps as an attempted to appear ... '