' dogs ! ! ! they really are mans best friend :) 5 gig free on a 64gig ssd ... my hard drives which i used to store stuff died and i have been too lazy to get new ones . it has actually been kind of nice because before i would just have so much crap ... i have to be physically attracted to them or it just wont work or feel right for me . i'm not really picky though , and it is kind of like a sliding scale , where the nicer / better personality the person ... ughhh i'm always up late at night . i do like the night , but at the same time on those rare occasions that i'm in a good early morning routine with an early night sleep i do end up enjoying it ... not at all . : o willing to bet that the average intp is much worse off . sounds cool . so are they like picking people soon with intent on training them over the next 10 years or what ? and surely they would want some people with already nice qualifications , i mean ... i much prefer to do speeches over essays . part of the reason is probably because i can bullshit easier in a speech where people don't have time to pick apart everything like the do when reading on ... link to test please :) oh myyy , its meant to be . i put my head on your drawing , and now you are an aries like me . the stars are aligning . wow : o lol and as expected in the results , no correlation . how can we enlighten you with no background ? they are mid ground for me from what i have experienced , above all sj's for sure but i can still think of at least 6 other types i get a long with better . haha , watched a few of these episodes , they are kinda fun just to think ' what if ' but they don't propose any solid evidence or facts , its mere baseless speculation . beware : once you click play you wont be able to stop , it will put you in a trance lol :P oohhh man the first like 6 months of any new relationship are the best . then it just gets kind of ... well ... stable ? ... my last two relationships were exactly like that cool movie ' 500 days of ... always liked those sticky name tags . they always got my name right i am a sucker for pony tails . you love everyone ? ... even me naww :D :D 67359 take responsibility , playing the blame game for your bosses or other people for your mishaps is the fastest way to failure . doesn't matter what anyone has done to you , take responsibility or you ... 67354 if only i could draw =( they do , but the key word is much more . estps are jokesters like all types , but entps are relentless at it . they are also the king of the trolls , always trolling people for even no purpose at all ... because he is a cookie cutter entp , there are no ifs or buts typing him really . some think estp but that doesn't work because he is a complete jokester , troll , goofing around , cocky , witty , etc which ... 100 % entp you flick a switch and become an entp at work my opinion . maybe you should * sigh * and relax about it . and i bet you all didn't notice it until after you finished high school as it was easy to keep in touch when you constantly saw each other every day and had the same classes . when i went off to ... i cant take this person seriously with all the caps and grey text . probably a mistyped infp , clearly wants to be different . never get emotionally stressed . mental stress i usually get when finishing work that i have put off , ( i always put off work ) ... but i must say that usually it helps me to work better and faster . i ... just testing to see if mine does so as well . nope ... must be only you . :( there is a really cool book on memory called moon walking with einstein by joshua foer . was a pretty interesting read on memory and how to improve it . i can now remember a shuffled deck of cards , ... your interpretation skills are pathetic . - planes did fly into the building , planes were hijacked ... i never said anything about this . - where did i say who did it ? - i don't believe the us gov ... no point arguing with a person who just has the media mind . i had the exact same stance as you a year ago . research into it if you want . good luck little lamb . thatoneweirdguy one of the lies has already leaked , united 93 did not crash , it was shot down . what else did they lie about ? . do some research and you will be surprised , or you can just be ignorant ... have not seen moving forward , but i did watch the original zeitgeist and really enjoyed it , it made me look into more about 911 and i do believe now that there was certainly a controlled demolition ... i have no strong preference . if the girl i like wants to get married then ill do it , if she doesn't then im all for that too . 1 . do you think it's possible to time travel ? as some people have mentioned to the future is most certainly possible if we could move at near the speed of light , however its still not a form of ... it's hard to let go , but it has to be done if they are in pain . the worst thing you can do is let it go too long . if she seems happy and pain free then by all means keep moving forward . however i ... im well aware , its the one area that still gets used is for human height and sometimes in building applications feet may also be used , but a side from that its all metric and its goood :) 5 ' 9 76kg ~ 170lbs ps : hurry up and get on the metric system you americans are so out dated ! big animal lover . i always make an attempt to catch any bug that has found its way inside and put it back outside . if ants happen to get in on a left out plate or something i wont wash them off but i ... i just think of making some cool slime to play with misstheground is pretty cute , but god damn i had to mute you every time you played your guitar lol . you have had this feeling for 4 - 5 years . that is a long time to the point of i feel like it is unlikely you are going to be able to sort this out on your own , however if you truly think you can and ... this is exactly how i feel ... guess i better stop procrastinating now and get back to this research essay :( two polar opposite types . just going off the basic stereotype i think i speak for all intp males in that we would not like being with an estj female , for me honestly it would be near the bottom of ... do you prefer to do theoretical assignments such as a research essay , or do you prefer the practical assignments that are more problem solving based for example ? . perhaps some reasons ? . ty ty :) i think most intuitive types seem to do pretty well . forget about sj's . i like tupac , and i also like a decent amount of eminem songs . although he has missed the mark on a few as well . only if there is something to gain . '