' friends - extroverts , usually feelers . romantic / sexual - introverts , usually feelers . workplace / team - thinkers ( neither introvert nor extrovert preferred ) , i like variety , so i can utilize ... congrats , jack ! like his reaction when i told him i was pregnant ? yea , definitely youtube worthy but he's a private person so i didn't record it or anything . was just a great momen between the two of us . we had ... i have an unhealthy istj father ( misogynist ) and an unhealthy enfj mother ( feminist - albeit with some conservative views ) . i think in a world where sexism is rampant , an entj girl would do well ... 100 % agree . we've actually started this when he was about 2 or 3 months old . we started with milk . so far we have / are doing : - milk * - diaper * - bath * - mom - dad - sleep - all done rofl while i was pregnant , no . frankly , it didn't quite hit me that i was having a child until i was pushing him out . i would say it's more of a mother's intuition than instinct . i've always wanted to ... what's this abbreviation ? i am not with the times . : tongue : are you expecting ? if so , congrats ! ! well , entjs are good at presenting information after research . if there is something you feel ... i've been away from perc for a while . life with a baby is pretty busy but thought i'd dip my toe back in . baby is 6 months old now . i can answer questions and stuff . don't really have time to browse ... i'm not up to speed lol . trying to get a footing on this parenting thing first . i'm around-ish . i don't read anything but it's my phone home page so i get notifications . : laughing : welcome ! well , it's been a long time since i made this post and i have a better understanding of mbti and enneagram . i'm actually an entj 8w9 / 3w2 / 6w5 aka the justice fighter , social variant ... the pregnancy affects both of us . we're a team . so we are pregnant as much as i am pregnant . i could say i'm clearing my debt , which is just as accurate as we are clearing our debt . it's going to ... thanks . it's alright . we're pregnant again , i'm 4 months along this time . :) our pregnancy announcement . i'm an earlish bird . i get up at 8 , so by my standards , not enough to qualify as early . if left to my own devices , i get up at 9 or 10 ( any later an i feel like i'm wasting my day ) . when i do wake ... i don't think i'm a narcissist . some of these questions just seem like what someone with a healthy self-esteem and good confidence would answer . your total : 27 authority : 6.00 ... to simplify , te helps to streamline processes so that one may understand ideas and concepts . being organized , structured and clear gets everyone on the same page quickly . te personified would be the ... work on your what can build your self-esteem and self-worth . i think with many entjs , we like having skills in areas relevant to us . perhaps for our types , there is value in being more of jack of all trades and being able to synthesize and utilize the ... te , ni , se functions seem quite productive to me .  ... i paid $ 3000 for my giant custom side-piece for an artist that is now off the grid and only has celebrity clientele . it was a 12 hour job and the money was well spent . i had another tiny piece ... i originally had myself down as so / sx , i'm still undecided between that and sp . it could be possible my sx and sp are similar percentages . but i'm pretty sure i'm so dominant . eta : but while we're ... um , totally off rofl . i am female , 30 , no opinion on my own intelligence although above-average seems accurate . i think i have both liberal and conservative values . and i'm an entj . lol gender : ... hahah that's hilarious 40 % social ( so ) your dominant instinctual variant is likely social . the so instinct searches for community and ... entj - idunno ... i miscarried recently and was quite distraught over it . we had been trying to conceive for a long time . when i found out i was losing the baby , i first went through the denial / hopeful phase when ... - understand the purpose of a debate is to widen and deepen understanding . whether or not you are able to convince the other party , being open to multiple perspectives can either strengthen your ... i enjoy travelling , but it all depends on the purpose . to relax , i'd like to be catered to , service the utmost priority , no less than 5 star . if i'm going to learn about culture , i like to do ... do you think catherine avery is an entj ? and that richard webber is an infp ? i got estj rofl . i don't think i'm weird . that's why it sent me that way . if i picked weird , i would've ended up as entp or entj ( because i am efficient to maximize my lazy-time ) . oh boy , that sucks . i'm sorry . so since my miscarriage , i've been really anxious about history repeating itself . everyone says you can't prevent one but i'll be darned if i don't try some things differently . anyway , when my ... he doesn't want anything serious . he's probably seeing other people on the side . he's just not that into you . i'm an entj , and if i want something , i'll make time for it and prioritize it . he's ... i think it also depends on the age group . i would approach it similarly , i would gamble with a set budget in mind going in . i'd expect to lose all of it . i don't generally enjoy gambling and ... * points to signature * have you considered biology of some sort ? or health sciences ? you seem to be fascinated by life , death and everything in between , and you don't fear it , nor will you need to temper your empathy . ... what direction have you decided to go with ? are you in any post-secondary studies ? i'm seeing this as a great opportunity . firstly , since you don't actually feel bad about it , perhaps you lack that empathy . it still doesn't necessarily mean you won't be pro-social . in the last thread , you wanted to play with dead ... oh god . i would try if my child is an entp . : laughing : alright , let's try this again . last month we had a miscarriage . it's been 40 days and i'm pregnant again ! obviously it's not something i'll be announcing to family and friends until 12 weeks , ... irene adler ( sherlock )  ... dr . cristina yang ( grey's anatomy ) ... princess jasmine ( aladdin ) ... tohsaka rin ( fate stay night )  ... anyone caught up and finished season 2 ? mbtis for agent carter and dottie ? '