' i feel happy for no obvious reason . i'm a four and i do think that everyone and everything sucks and before i take the test i read this list and i understood that i'm a 4 ! so true it is ... and i know a lot of people who are thinking ... i think the reaction differs amongst each type for example for me as an absolute 4 , it was clear that i couldn't be anything but a 4 because as it's mentioned in 4s ' describtion we , the fours , spend ... i feel like there's something that burns me deep inside , that thing is loneliness , and i know i'll end up to ashes ... i wish i could kill myself and then i'm sure that noone would ever notice . i'm ... i always ask these questions from myself that why people just don't understand loneliness is much better than being with people you don't like ? why loneliness is not an alternative for them and why ... first i wanted to become an astronomer who works for nasa ! then i wanted to become a physician like einstein . and now i'm 20 and i want to become a famous writer ^ _ ^ sounds like a cool thread ! english is not my first language and i'm really afraid of being misunderstood because of my mistakes . so i've got just two friends and my wall is empty as my life ^ _ ^ yes yes yes yes i think it's not because of our personality type ( question number 2 is an exception : i think it's because of our type ) i don't like happy endings at all cause i think they'll never happen in real life and if they do , then the world won't be this attractive ! i think happy ending stories are too shallow ! and i'll be ... ignore all of my tears write short stories try not to think of anybody read books check twitter ( i do this one every five minutes ) try not to listen to sad musics cause they bring me to tears ... i know it ´ s so simple but the simpler it is , the more you can fill it with your dreams . it ´ s just a place that my dreams will take place in it and those tennis shoes make me feel i ´ m the one who is ... evanescence within temptation apocalyptica marylin manson coldplay archive nightwish therion after forever we are the fallen hufflepuff forrest gump from the film forrest gump ! there's no explains for that . i just feel like him ! ... i don't know if he's an infp or not . but he's an i for sure . but i feel i'm actually like sylar ... when you look at a picture and then you can ´ t stop dreaming about being in that picture ! especially pictures like this one : when you find yourself spending hours and hours on planning dialouges that would never ever happen in the real world ... sensors sensors and sensors piss me off . in fact the only people that can piss me off in this world are sensors ! they think i'm a fool because of my point of view and they don't understand me at all ... talee'eh means sunrise and it's my real name . and e_e or e_e looks like an anime face with huge eyes ^ _ ^ when you create an all new imaginary world whenever you're listening to music ! fuck yeah . sometimes i feel completely disconnected from what ppl are saying cause i'm observing their body and facial language and most of times i can realize when they're lying or pretending but i ... i'm so thankful for your way of thinking and i wish there were more people who are thinking like you . i don't agree with our government's politics though , it's shamefull . but i'm still proud of ... it brings warmth to my heart when i see you know about our culture ! i'm so happy :) we have so many ancient sites that are still unknown to the world like ziggurat ( ziggurat - wikipedia , the free ... i'm persian , i'm from iran . please don't judge me for my nationality , i'm an infp too and i love you guys so much and we're not that bad after all ^ _ ^ i'll be forever alone cause i know if i love somebody then he'll love someone else ( anyone but me ) and if someone loves me , i wont be able to love him too , it's just the way we are . so i'm sure that ... j . r . r . tolkien j . k . rowling when on snowy days you feel that you're flying up instead of snow falling down ! dear oh_no_she_didnt have you ever imagined a world without time in wich everything is frozen , like a huge painting ? sincerely , crazy / dreamy infp dear estp , i wish i could tell you how much i love you , but i can't cause i hate you as much as i love you . and no matter how much does it hurt me but i'll forgive your betrayal . and now you're in ... when you talk to a little light in your room and think that it might be a little fairy just because you can't prove that it's not ! you're on earth . there's no cure for that . - samuel beckett i can't go on , i'll go on . - samuel beckett the only sin is the sin of being born - samuel beckett the tears of the world are ... i was wandering how the world would look like if popularity of infp people was more than % 2 ? ! i think for hours in the shower and then i make my decisions at night , in my bed ! you're so lovely but i don't love you you're so cute why can't you just forget about him ? put that book away , you've got lots of work to do ! stop being so pessimist i'm the oldest child . my brother is 3 years younger ! lord of the rings and silmarilion by j . r . r . tolkien were the best fantasy books i've ever read ! i'm wondering why i can't let people come closer to me and if they do , i'll find them boring and then i'll hate them . but still i'm afraid of loneliness too ... when you apologize in all of your posts because of your bad english ' cause you're afraid of being funny ! lost in paradise-evanescence im so angry ' cause my closest friends betrayed me and im going to do nothing cause im afraid of disturbing my nice and kind picture in their fuckin ' minds ... my english is not good , forgive me ... dreams come true ? hello , i'm new here too , i've joined this site from yesterday but i think i'm addicted to it in this short time . actually i'm really amazed that i see this many people are thinking and behaving just ... you know you're an infp when you fall in love with an imaginary character in a fantasy book ! '