' completing my fifteenth post so i can start a thread ! another for infj : how is this meaningful , and how can i make it more meaningful ? can you explain what you mean by function dysfunctionality ? are you asking if certain cognitive functions precipitate jealousy ? i think fear can lead to fight or flight , not just cowering . it's not particularly accurate or precise , but a passage from frank herbert's dune about the protagonist ( intj ) seems very ni to me : without even the safety valve of dreaming , he focused his ... three syllables : chipotle i learned recently something interesting about the multiverse theory ... that many theoretical physicists and mathematicians don't really like it . their argument is that it's metaphysics , so it's ... if you like thoughtful / creative games , i'd recommend : journey the unfinished swan kentucky route zero portal the talos principle that fry vid is the best ! fairer skin is actually thinner ( ask any nurse you know ) , and it tends to wrinkle more quickly , both because of uv damage and because of the thinness . slow saturday mornings with coffee listening to my istj friend tell me a ) that she tried magic : the gathering and b ) she actually liked it being known making 15 posts quickly so i can start a thread about let's plays hey cyber pals , just wanted to briefly explain that i decided to retire the channel . it's felt like more of a crutch than a contribution to me for the last several months . and with the google ... i got to chat with intj josh today about communication styles , ministry / faith , learning styles , and other ideas ...  i shared your names with several friends :) . so oddly enough , now that i'm not in academia , i'm not allowed to say much about specifics . it can be frustrating at times . but basically , we're engineering new glucose lowering agents . and we're ... i started a job six months ago working on diabetes research , coming at it from a protein engineering perspective . so far , so good ! yes , epigenetics is a very hot topic . and it's a wide open space . we have no idea what will end up being important for heritability that isn't encoded in the actual dna . 2 . it's tricky because where do you draw the cancer line ? most of the cells we grow in petri dishes are ' immortalized ' . but not all of them came from cancers . some have been selected for for ... ack , i don't . i do know that it was a highly sought-after attribute among women way back when , to the point that they'd ingest toxins that caused this dilation . i also know that it can be a sign of ... i am certainly not cutting edge up to date on homosexuality research , so if anyone has more immediate info to share , please do so . i have not read any studies that identify genes or groups of genes , ... thanks a bunch for participating . and yes , enfjs are rough to find for these things , so i may ring your doorbell in the future . i hate my voice too ! let's start a club :) . i got to have an nf group chat ( infj enfj enfp infp ) today with , bprett ( youtube ) , and . there were a lot of smarties in the virtual room , and i really enjoyed it . ... psst ... any infps free this weekend for an nf chat ? interestingly , my thoughts have shifted a bit from when i first made this thread a year and a half ago ... i've come across some sensor research scientists who are very good at what they do . so i'd ... haha . i wouldn't have predicted that i'd have a harder time with enfjs than all the other nfs ... well , actually , you all are about as into this as the infps , so it's a tie there :) . but thanks for ... this weekend , i got to chat with my intj friend dan , who's studying to become a therapist , about mbti and culture , faith , and therapy . ... i got to chat with infj leoki 34 ( youtube ) today about mbti and enneagram within different cultures . sooo ... interested in doing more than watching ? ;) yes maybe i can find some takers there . thanks for the info ! pleeease ... yesterday , i got to chat fast-paced with the lovely entj dear sigmund . :)  heya ... the vids are still happening ! right now , i'm coordinating some group chats where i don't need another infj . but i'll keep you in mind for the future , and in the meantime , a lot of the ... hey there fellow gooey-centers , i want to do an nf group chat ( infj , enfj , infp , enfp ) . the format would be similar to the following : hey there fellow gooey-centers , i want to do an nf group chat ( infj , enfj , infp , enfp ) . the format would be similar to the following : ooh , great idea ! i got to have an ni-user chat today with rachel ( intj , servicer ) , j ( entj ) , and ronald ( enfj ) . here it is ...  hey guys , i wanna extend the invitation once more ... any enfjs over the age of 25 , please get in touch if you'd like to be a part of this series ! i already have an ni-user chat scheduled for ... i chatted with three other introverted intuitives this afternoon ... doctorjuice 1 ( intp ) , kendrafarber ( infp ) , and jemsters 1 ( intj ):  first off , i would * love * to see a bunch of enfjs in a video ! i hope you guys do this ! ok , i've narrowed the scheduling down for this ni interaction video , and it looks like saturday 7/20 late ... hey there compatriots , i want to get a group of ni users ( infj , intj , enfj , entj ) together for a chat . the format would be similar to the following : please let ... 1000x yes . i see it the same way . so what are your reasons for loving picard ;) ? i find these two types to be very similar looking , until you really get to know the person . adverseaffects , your message gave me lots of brain food for thought ! regarding your btw 1 , i can see what you mean . yes , that could feel inauthentic if the writer was hyper-aware of the ... ( tenacity , tenacity . ) any female entjs want to take an intuitive romp with me in an interaction video ? hello you sweet souls , i'm looking for a volunteer to do an inxx interaction video ( infj , infp , intj , intp ) . for an example of my first group chat , see below . it'll probably be something ... '