thanks in advance alette please huh this is still alive she kicks ass hehehe nyn ! welcome to perc . the little miles is all grown up though congrats ! fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination . they never stuck together because summer felt free food . so they had to find fast food in hitler's restaurant . stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue ... fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination . they never stuck together because summer felt free food . so they had to find fast food in hitler's restaurant . stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue ... fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination . they never stuck together because summer felt free food . so they had to find fast food in hitler's restaurant . stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue ... fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination . they never stuck together because summer felt free food . so they had to find fast food in hitler's restaurant . stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue ... fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination . they never stuck together because summer felt free food . so they had to find fast food in hitler's restaurant . stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue ... fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination . they never stuck together because summer felt free food . so they had to find fast food in hitler's restaurant . stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue ... fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination . they never stuck together because summer felt free food . so they had to find fast food in hitler's restaurant . stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue ... fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination . they never stuck together because summer felt free food . so they had to find fast food in hitler's restaurant . stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue ... fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination . they never stuck together because summer felt free food . so they had to find fast food in hitler's restaurant . stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue ... first day of class after a gap year will be nice . i would suggest telling them your boundaries , much like others are saying . hassling you on that sort of crosses a line at some point . boooo btw seen the notebook lately : ninja : also one time i was at walgreen's and spotted an apple flavored fanta drink and was like who drinks that . i'm hard to kill ! : ninja : gia agrees with me and nice to meet you . sprite makes apple last longer : shocked : i also never liked guacamole which has avocado in it : unsure : avocado never looked appetizing to me . movie and ice cream would be nice entp 9w8 sx / so here and i think it's rare i don't think liz has visited that section so far i'm glad you didn't make the same mistake as seph and go to the spam forum also this isn't pg 13 like dm i wonder how she lured you though welcome ! glad you are joining my game . 9 more posts , oh then your time zone is perfect since we have euro's on our site . the states and texas to be specific the mafia community is also pretty cozy here i think my favorite sections are enneagram and mafia . spam is third and doesn't give you a higher post count i agree because it grows a bit more each time i log in . random convo's go on here with us mafia players welcome ! glad , you are joining us . thissiteisterrible glad , i met you and i think your funny and awesome . earthious i love our late night chats . can't wait to hang out some day . schema b since skype i feel like we are getting ... how do you describe fi's stubbornness ? occams chainsaw : tongue : hi hi : kitteh : lol ... : typingneko :: welcome :: penguin :: brocoli : : crazy : we love you laaaiiinnneeeyyy where do you guys usually meet friends ? i don't think a childfree lifestyle is bad at all . it works for some people and not for others . i have met individual that do have a childfree lifestyle and they seem just fine . congrats lily !