' pretty much the same : - stuff i've forgot to do or have been procrastinating too long - a song that's playing in my head on repeat very loudly , especially if i don't remember all the lyrics and ... for me is black and white . if i can do it right away , i must do it right away . otherwise , i end up procrastinating until the last minute and then i have to do it in a hurry ( which i hate ) plus get a ... it depends on the energy of the situation . if i get the feeling that the person is being talkative but kind and doesn't invade my personal space , then it's fine and i'm comfortable with it . it's ... do you sometimes think you've sent someone a text message or had a conversation because you think it in your head and actually haven't sent it / had it ? yes , definitely . it's sometimes a little ... you might be walking a little dangerous road here . it's just , questions like did you miss me ? or do you still love me ? get us easily off-balance ( don't know if you do this ) . those kind of ... sorry for being such an isfp but i don't understand the question here :) how would you like her to talk about her feelings ? just like uncertain said , we are non-verbal . so all the cuddling and ... 1 . importance of music : 8 2 . lyrics vs . melody : 6 . lyrics are important , because i want to know what the song is about . but a great song has also good melody / skillfully played instruments . 3 ... ... good point there . if being sociable means social skills , for example being friendly , dealing with all kinds of people or solving conflicts successfully , it has nothing to do with being extrovert or ... yes . this . :p roud : when i started to study mbti , i thought i was an extrovert , probably esfp . the esfp descriptions never suited me that well but i thought that's because those are rough ... i can definitely relate this point across with confidence - part . like the sonderer said , it's very different situation when i'm with people who i know well . with them , i'm relaxed and rather ... this quite old topic caught my eye because i feel that i'm definitely idealistic . i feel very strongly about human and animal rights and environmental issues . i've become very critical when it comes ... this happens for me too . i also may start avoiding those people because i don't want to face them knowing they know too much . it's just too awkward . bees . i'm convinced that i'm allergic and if a bee stings me i'm going to die . that has never happened , obviously , because i'm still alive . yeah , i know ... : crazy : if this is the case , i wouldn't want my partner to bring my motives to the run into a discussion . i mean , if it's just a thought that passes . but if that male friend really starts bother the partner , ... i was just about to start a thread : is it typical for isfps to sense common awkwardness like it's electricity in social settings ? because i recently went to the party where i didn't know ... i somehow managed to miss this interesting conversation but here's my thoughts : i'm not an artist but this is true for me in every aspect of creative work . i find photography to be my ... my thoughts exactly . on the video he claims several times that isfps should turn to their friends for advice how to behave appropriate at social situations . well ... i can be polite and hold my ... you are such a cold and cruel person . that's what my mom said to me about 15 years ago after we had a fight about some teenage stuff . yes i remember that still . maybe it's the ideals for me too . it feels like completely waste of life to stay in an environment that doesn't match with my ideals . exactly . i'm very loyal for those that i love and value . ... i have this tendency to disappear without an decent explanation when situation turns out to be uncomfortable . it's very difficult for me to tell other people how i'd like the situation to be ... i'm really not sure but i think my mom is fe-dom ( probably esfj ) and my dad si-dom ( probably istj ) . we had troubled times with my mom when i was a teenager . i was quite rebellious and very ... i'm not infp but i've been reading this topic and for some reason i caught up thinking about your situation a lot . so hope you don't mind if i share my thoughts a little . so he thinks that in a ... maybe you should first find out what your dominant cognitive function is . isfp and infp share the same dominant function which is introverted feeling ( fi ) . esfj's dominant function is extraverted ... i know that it might seem that i'm not interested in people or that i dislike them . sometimes that's true but especially with new acquaintances i want to stay a little distant first and observe the ... i feel comfortable around here . maybe it's the isfp communication style that i feel is accepting and friendly . some other types have so straightforward or sarcastic communication style that it makes ... i make plans at some level but i'm not interested in details . i see my plans as options to choose from along the way . and if it's necessary , there's always room for improvising ! : wink : when i'm ... i feel slightly embarrassed but here we go ... - i'm preschool teacher and i can relate to this . at least this is my ideal . so you really can and you should be proud of that ! i'm sure that kids ... your power comes from an ability to sense how things might be and to proclaim this possibility with a great force and willingness to act . you have a tendency to be romantic , and can be an idealist ... i can also relate . i met my husband when i was 19 . i think it was relatively easy for me to let him be part of my life . maybe it was the age , we practically grew up adults together . or maybe it was ... i'm isfp , and i believe my mom is esfj and dad istj . my parents have been married for 35 years and i think they are quite happy together . my relationship with my mom has been a rollercoaster ride ... i'm scared when someone pushes me to talk when i feel i have nothing to say . in that kind of situation i feel very uncomfortable and insecure and try to leave as soon as i can . i might get hurt if ... this seems to be very accurate with me and my istp husband . i think some level of restriction is inevitable in a relationship . another thing is when it becomes an issue . i mean , you can't expect that you can live like you were single when you are married . and ... hah , you're funny guy ! : laughing : i've been married for 2 years after 10 years of dating and 8 years of living together . for a long time my husband and i agreed not to get married at all , but we ... hmm . my pride issues are more like sticking to my guns when debating and not be able to admit until the next day that the other person's point of view might be better than mine ... or if i have ... personal ( ity ) name ? boogel male / female / trans ? female * what is your myers-briggs personality type and for how long have you been reading on personality theory ? not sure about my type ... hah , i just joined perc and believe i probably am esfp so at least one of us is away from having fun and checking out the stats ! :D seriously , i think that this forum is great because i thought i ... hah , i just joined perc and believe i probably am esfp ! :) so at least one of us is by a computer checking out the stats ! seriously , this forum is great because i think i might be isfp instead but ... thanks for the link ! yes it's quite extreme but i definitely can relate to it . i do have a tendency to go into my head and have these thoughts that seem ridiculous the next day when i talk about them ... i'd use some help to determine my type . mbti tests keep giving me esfp as a result . it seems quite ok but i'm not feeling so extrovert that esfps are said to be . that's why i've been thinking if ... '