' i really liked it , i thought conceptually it was really cool , i mean the whole storm of chaos story was bs : archaon is about to win but he gets headbutted by an orc and its game over baby ... sorry for delayed response i've been busy dismantling my life ... basically we talk about sport . opinions on the end times and the personality types ? malekith : intj teclis : intp archaon : extj tyrion : ixxp and that's me done . personally i really enjoyed it , whether aos will be worth ... intps are magical goat people who provide wisdom through their electronic flavoured farts . sounds pretty liberal to me ... :P i'm pretty sure you're a liberal , that makes you a heathen . i'm pretty sure there are those in other much further right groups who would disagree with you . people can be republicans due to the whole government came and took my baaaby silly libertarian is ... welcome to the party . have fun . but that has almost never been the case with anything . we'd have homogeneous opinions and shit yo first it was a guess but the more i think about it the more it fits . you're clearly driven to be a perfectionist and see the outside world around you change for the better ( your comments about ... you aren't an 8 . you're a 1 . this might just be me or whatever but : stop saying does this type do this , because i do this ! 1 . bears shit in the woods . 2 . i took a shit in the woods . - - - c . i ... i would bang a sheep whilst on heroin . asking for 100 % certainty seems an impossible task . you're all infj's why not ? girlfriend : esfj closest friends : intp istp intj intj no worries i'm never particularly clear when i post here , because well screw that . mbti demonstrates how your brain processes information , nothing else . it doesn't demonstrate how well you ... type and intelligence are probably not related . in fact i'm going to push the boat out and say are for sure not related . in no order ( asides from being a top 5 ) 1 . red cliff ( not american edit ) 2 . foxcatcher 3 . the possession 4 . master and commander 5 . dr strangelove think you've gone and jumped on the misunderstand the mbti and assume sensors aren't as good as intuitives . methinks you are a dingus . people may process love differently but that doesn't mean ... i'm a reform jew , and my faith is not enough , but that doesn't mean it isn't there . i am driven to learn as much about my belief as i possibly can , be it through conversations with my rabbi , ... my enormous wang . depends who it is . we're people not robots . beepbeep ... dingus . a person can be a republican without being homophobic . dingus . she sounds like xnfp 1 . i am clumsy ( which isn't very se ) 2 . i can't draw 3 . this is the one that relates to the question . i honestly didn't want to be a sensor for all the hate they get . it isn't direct but the people ... don't really know , it's taken me nearly half a decade to work out what my type is . i'll get back to you in like four years when i've had enough time to really reflect on it / see the results of knowing ... stop worrying about things , it'll be alright . in two years you won't care about any of these people , stop trying so hard - focus on your work . philosophy is fun but don't study it . it's not ... how are the continental thinkers still going strong ? ( out of curiosity , i always had an interest in continental thought , never studied it enough beyond nietzsche really . it's a pragmatism of sorts , but i wouldn't consider it related to rorty , it is an interesting trend in modern philosophy , regardless of background the only tenable positions seem to be pragmatic ... this study idea is stupid . good way of looking at nietzsche . see this is where i find skepticism so difficult , how do you sustain beliefs of any kind , as is the greek adage , how do you not walk off the edge of cliffs or ... so you wouldn't consider nietzsche a metaphysician ? i think his entire enterprise is metaphysics by the back door . his attack on metaphysics is more generally an attack on metaphysicians ... i disagree on your interpretation of god is dead i see it as the destruction of the idea that sustains objectivity , i think my favourite is either thus spoke zarathustra or human all too human ... how close to solipsism are you tracking ? also , nietzsche's relationship to skepticism is very interesting , after all if god is dead objective truth is impossible which casts doubt on the world ... what are you studying for your masters specifically , i wrote my thesis on carnap and logical form . brad jones ( cinema snob ) intj spoony intp linkara dweeb xntp's have too much patience for puzzles . napoleon was actually average height ... learn to history . types have no correlation to physical build i'm pretty certain i'm an intj and i'm 6 ' 3 and 210 lbs of rugby playing masculinity not ... members of perc i crave your judgement . all bow before science ! shut up richard dawkins . again mendi , you seem to be the only person who ever fights on the side of rationality on these threads ... i do wish people would stop treating types other than themselves as cursed . people ... 140025 the amazing atheist called someone whiny ? holy shit the grand whiner of whinington and whingeville ? continuing with you would hurt it would hurt too much you said you loved me you lied , did i ever mean anything to you ? oh well , the scars will heal . your hymen won't ... you're an esfp . congratulations . burtmun nunu nunu nunu nu nu nu burtmun , burtmun burtmun i saw the font size and was too embarrassed for you to read on . i'm sorry . also for tzara : 139361 welcome . it's a party in here . i'm as valuable as any other philosophy graduate ... oh shit isfj . '