done and done someone give me a dare we git a thing goin on we bof know its wrong 2 stronk 2 let go this brings me joy should've made this a public poll so people could all feel awkward about it ps rip im bleeding right now as we speak been home alone most of the day and its nice also couldn't poo , i went 17 days w / o # 2 . thought i was gonna die the only time i peed in front of someone was in jail 716322 crimson chin up in this bitch 716314 orgy . 715697 u gotta have a burner phone 4 da dope man : smilies 3 :: smilies 3 :: smilies 3 : one of them penguins is backards why do brown people always assume that because you're white your family is / was wealthy or had slaves ? i mean my mom's family is from tennessee and yeah , they've been in the military as far back as ... i think we should burn it to the ground tbpfhwy how's the dope in nawlins tbh i'm bored because i didn't get a call back for the asst manager retail job lmao kms johari window - describe jholtzm the nohari window - describe houltz do it if u have the bowls :d istant : sat your mother . then he took it out of her butt 2 put in vaganr ( w / o cleaning ) ur dad's balls have you traveled around the country or do u just stick to ur downtown west chester pennsylvania studio apt i'm speshol you can find food anywhere if u learn skills why does the gvt help you but they won't help me go to school you both suck . problem solved , moving on . boy - benjamin , julian girl - johanna , rowan smoke some meth that'll extrovert ya it happened while i was in school . fourth grade . they turned the news on in the classroom , we went home early , dad and his brother were watching it on tv , everyone was concerned . i didn't know what ... spam world is a place . not really tho . be someone else . because they're weak . everyone says that op . they also tend to be wrong . u200bhard pass the latter not really . i might . probably . hahahaha nooo i disagree i wish i was heart more . according to that i'm all gray area i guess . good and evil aren't real things . i don't like feeling anger . they say unpleasant things without realizing or caring about the other person does my avatar fit who i am inside or no . time to u200bdie not automatically but if u asked me about what color january is i would say blue and november is brown .