' just resurrecting this thread to see who else loves their job . you can consider yourself fortunate for not eating cheese . cow dairy is actually bad for you and not meant to be eaten by humans . there are numerous studies to support this , but you can start with ... but i must . i don't want to build up any unrealistic expectations for my perspective employer . some fights as a kid . but as an adult ... it just proves one's barbarism . interviewer : are you a people person ? me : not really . interviewer : are you detail oriented ? me : no . interviewer : describe a scenario where you went above and beyond when dealing with a ... utopia , if it can exist in a pure form dry or humid ? wouldn't kill . in my mind , if i would choose a person to kill , chances are , there would be someone more deserving of it that i'm unaware of . it's already hard for me to decide which socks to wear for ... apath ... robin hood or alexander the great i've found other things since i started this post : - international travel - it's really fun , kind of adventurous , and makes you appreciate home . - getting married - i didn't think it would be this ... wow . we have some awesome dreams . we might make other types envious : tongues : mine happened when i was maybe 9 or 10 . i was in the dark , suddenly being chased by a fierce glowing lion ( hmm , hence my avatar ? ? ? ) . terrified , i ran as fast as my feet could carry me without looking ... new kids on the block germany or japan ? i once was lost in darkest night yet thought i knew the way the sin that promised joy and life had led me to the grave cancer , easier to cure obese or anorexic ? my first thought is that there's something in their underwear tickling their genitalia . when we first discovered our type , it was likely through reading a description of ourselves via the internet or a book . while these characterizations of an infp are eye-opening , they can be a bit ... nightwish , because even though i have no clue what it means , it sounds cool . helping others first , or helping yourself first ? thanks for sharing . i was raised in a catholic household . having spanish roots , my whole extended family practiced catholicism , as did pretty much the entire town i was raised in . never liked ... physically : - not consuming caffeine ( it energizes for the short-term but ruins your adrenal glands long-term ) - not consuming sugar ( similar to above but wrecks other parts of your body too ) ... that's a good point . i can't believe how blatantly obvious it is that the other politicians and especially the mainstream media hate him to no end . especially given the fact that the other ... at least as bad as the other presidential candidates . or nearly as frightening as hillary clinton . i kind of like music , i kind of like comedy , and i kind of like editing videos , hence : i dated one , but since i was more sensitive than she , she attempted to rip apart my vulnerabilities from their core , leaving me clinging insecurely to the remaining fragments of my identity . after ... : laughing : that really echoes my own past . i think i'm over 30 jobs now , which includes everything from performing a stage show at disney to volunteering in japan . i crave new experiences , but i like ... my bad , but my post still applies to anyone who would rather point fingers and accuse others of their own misfortunes , or expect things to land in their laps without taking action . and this is usually what lazy poor people say in a capitalist society when they have illusions of grandeur . the op stated that he wants a lot of stuff but doesn't want to work for it . that's what ... i think you pretty much answered your own question . if you feel awkward all the time , it's going to show . perhaps you can train yourself to appear less awkward outwardly , even if you feel awkward ... you're too immature / feel your entitled . go live in a country like china and discover you have to struggle every day just to survive . come back here , and you'll better appreciate what you have , and ... does anyone here feel like they're 2nd or 3rd choice when it comes to your friends ? or maybe your friends just seem to hang out with you when they need you for a particular reason ( ie . to tell you ... thanks for sharing . that's an awesome way of looking at it ! i think many of us are not money motivated , which makes it difficult to enjoy any job . furthermore , we like change . * * sigh * * what a ... i really need to internalize that philosophy . i have taken and quit so many jobs , mostly because i can find a reason for any industry to conflict with my values , and i fear never getting out of the ... whatever his personality , it's better than hillary's ... she scares the bejeezus out of me ! one thing to note , is that it gets easier ! i've talked to people who felt like their children would never grow up ... and as soon as the parents started really warming up to their kids , they leave ... .. sent you a pm i love work from home opportunities . right now , my wife and i are selling vitamins to overseas customers . in the past i sold event tickets online , did some freelance web design , ... wow , i give you lots of credit . i've heard that the military is a pretty tough place for us . just like you , i think i'd feel my values greatly challenged by having to absolutely conform to specific ... i'd be more terrified to die thinking there is something after death , and i'd be on the wrong side of it . i've been married 4 years and just had a child . marriage has been great . infj wife . we give each other the space we need yet , we've been together every single day ( work together ) . now with our ... this sounds quite infp and i've thought of doing this type of work before , but my heart would break too much to get involved with the needy . i completely understand the avoiding co-workers ... what do / did you do ? how did / didn't it suit you ? don't listen to all this new philosophy of don't give a f * * * you really should give a f * * * otherwise your life will suck . well , you are on the right track with the whole meaning of life thing . the bible does say that the devil is the current ruler of this world . lifedrawnbadly.com if you could make a living off it , what would you choose to do ? personality cafe . reddit is too mainstream for me . don quixote or the adventures of huck finn ? just thought i'd start a thread where we can make a list of things we'd like to have done by next week ; that way you can refer back to your post and see how much you accomplished . - draw at least ... corruption , lies , un-kept promise ... the list goes on and on ... i have a kid now . and it wasn't easy to come up with a name , but with the help of my wife ( who is chinese [ i am latino ] ) we settled on antonio-han . if it was a girl , it would have been fe ( fay ) . ... life is avoidance . avoiding pain , avoiding tears , avoiding heartbreak , avoiding fear . but just because i hate them doesn't mean that i could just dismiss them . because , in fact , politics influence many aspects of my ( and my family's ) life . so i struggle between being apathetic , ... i kind of agree with this , however , think of other types that might counter our difficulty , namely the infj / enfj . they are great sympathizers , and they appreciate our feelings , they're loyal , and not ... '