' i remember thinking i was an enfj when i joined this forum , then i thought i was an esfj and i eventually realized that i've been an entj my entire life . i also agree with you typing yourself as ... i couldn't have put this in better words myself . great post dude . best wishes , chris ferguson the title of this thread might give you the idea that i'm posting just to raise my post count but if you think that , you're wrong ; i care about the quality of my posts and not the quantity . i've ... i'm an entj , and i find that i have the coolest friendships with entp's and isfp's and find girls of those types to be the most sexually attractive . best wishes , chris ferguson based off what i've read on personalitypage.com , i would say esfj's . best wishes , chris ferguson mbti is nothing but dividing body language and tone of voices into 16 personality types . that's the way i see it at least . no one told me that ; i figured it out after knowing about mbti for 2 + ... you can't put mbti personality types into words . you just have to learn to pay attention to people's body language and their tones if you expect to get anything out of mbti . it's sickening how ... i see mbti as a useful personality assessment . the thing that bugs me about it is that there are so many contradictions when it comes to the free information available about it online . i've ... i've been an entj my entire life . just reading posts i've made on this forum before i knew what my real type was makes me feel extremely embarrassed . a friend of mine who's an intj identified ... type 3w4 - entj / entj type 9w1 - entp / entp can anyone explain to me the relationship compatibility between these two types ? i read a lot on this forum before making this post and i appreciate all ... i've already done all that stuff . it seems like i use ti the most , se the second most , then ni , and finally fe . i've done some reflecting on my life overall from elementary school to today ... those ... here's what i know for a fact i understand well on a deep level . the personality page - everything about an istp here describes me to a perfect t here . perhaps , i'm taking this website too ... please explain more . it sounds interesting what you're saying and no worries about disappointing me . :) yesterday when i was at the lynx bus station in downtown orlando , i realized i'm actually an istp and not an esfj . it just hit me out of the clear blue when i started thinking about how much ... my father is an infj . welcome to the forums . :D nah , i don't and i could make a google + account just for the interaction or we can do it over skype . :) for sure but i don't have a google + account anymore . by the way , i have plently of male esfj friends outside this forum while some are online and some are in person friends . :) i have mixed experiences with nt's . you . handsome . i see you're a female esfj . interesting . i've always wondered how different female esfj's are from male esfj's . :) 4 years . personally , i'm not a fan of gossiping but i am very picky about the people i trust and choose to be close to . the stuff i say to people's faces is the same as the stuff i say when they're not around . me : esfj older brother : intp father : infj mother : entp my brother and i never got along well until the past year really . it was really bad when we were younger . my father definitely has more ... my brother is an intp . my mother is an entp . my father is an infj . sometimes , my mother talks and thinks too fast for my father and i . also , she is quick to notice when people have things ... i read somewhere on this forum that james roday is an entp . my first guess for his type is istp because i get the feeling that introverted thinking is his first mbti function and the fact that i'm an ... stuff like that is why i quit personal social media earlier this week . i just can't stand to be in a community with people who do stuff like that . honestly , i think you're too down on yourself about ... now that i think about it , i'm the same way actually . also , i don't like talking to people that i know will judge you for things that are trivial . a lot of people think i'm really creative . :D i wonder if you still like meteorogly but you're tired of it at the moment . that reply to me made me really happy . :D i've always known that a lot of stuff i say to myself in my head only makes sense to me . well , i've skimmed some of the posts in this thread to try to understand what's going on . it sounds like you're really smart with complicated subjects but you're terrified of socializing with people ... i'm an esfj too and i think the person above you is correct . judging on your forum posts , you're way more talkative than i am . :D i don't understand the strongly linked to the compulsive personality on the famous esfj page , strongly linked to the histrionic personality on the famous esfp page , and stuff like that . are you ... well , the infp's i know outside of this forum are really good at knowing what other people's intentions are without discussing them . from what i understand , they all seem to really like esfj's a lot ... isfp - extremely good with creating emotional outlets for themselves . esfp - extremely entertaining fun-loving people . intp - able to think more thoroughly than other types . infj - able to ... not surprised because it relates to giving positive affirmation to photos they like . :) i've never used pinterest and it doesn't look a site i'd want to use . :) well , i'm an esfj and i deleted myself from facebook / twitter / youtube / etc . was a hard decision but it needed to be done and i really don't like socializing with people on the internet much . this is a public message board and not a college class . i have a lot of respect for your english skills that come in handy but i think you need to have more respect for other people's ... that's a great response to what i posted above and welcome to the forum ... i see you only have 3 posts . :) first off , what is his mbti type and do you suspect he has npd or hpd ? what do other people you know think of this guy ? i see you're an intj and two of my closest internet friends are also intj's ... it depends on what your peers are trying to do . if your peers are trying to view whore aka make money off being a trend follower , it's definitely not a viable career choice but can be a good ... haha ... i visit that website all the time now .. i enjoy it . :D lately , i've been a lot happier with youtube ... for the longest time ... i didn't have jobs outside the internet but recently ... i got hired somewhere and i'm working with one person who replied to a ... to me ... that forum was created by an intp who thought they were an intj at first ... the intp spent a lot of money on vbulletin and clearly wants the forum to look impressive with that ... omg ... i'm an esfj too and i've had bad experiences with esfp's as well but i've learned to respect them more recently . :) i care more about pleasing myself than other people and try not to change how i am too much to please others but at the same time , i'm really good at acting appreciate in social situations . i really ... i'm an esfj and the mbti theory is more interesting to me than most things i read about online ... i read and learn new stuff about mbti all the time ... i have dyslexia - i have to reread about things ... '