' there may be a point to that , as recall , extraverted functions are also considered “ conscious ” while introverted functions are “ unconscious ” conscious / unconscious likewise refers to s / n . extraverted ... should point out that s as “ spatial ” awareness differs from what's called “ visual and spatial logic ” , which is connected with the “ right brain ” of the “ p ” preference ( peji ) , and is mentioned in ... the attitude of the function is not so much about sharing or not . te will end up seeming to be imposed on the outside word because it's about the environment ( and they'll often say whether you ... the extraverted function deals in the “ environment ” , and the introverted function is filtered through the “ individual ” . thinking deals in the impersonal ( mechanical ) assessment of “ how things work ” ... growing up with the old archies , before a virtual reboot beginning in the late 80 ' s , some of the characters were notably different depending on the different artists . betty and veronica were very ... pretty good ! some thoughts on various points : pretty trivial , but i use right / wrong as the neutral for either t or f . if you put down a false answer on a test , then it gets marked what else ... the stack is based on complexes . the products of functions are present at any time ( e . g . we can always see , touch , remember , etc . ) but the differentiated forms ( which are what the stack is about ) ... in five temperament theory , the phlegmatic with his calm disposition is said to be the best at handling the choleric . the entj is the purest choleric , and most intp's are phlegmatic-choleric . the ... ( got these backwards , in the rush whenever i was posting this . : blushed : for an extravert , all the extraverted functions would be carried by the hero , tertiary , senex and demonic personality , and for ... it doesn't work this way . these are not gears , where it's a matter of using one or the other ( so what happens if you use this particular combination of them ? ) . the products of all eight ... i think it will work is both parties are mature , where they are ready to have their dominant perspectives contradicted , and it can be a disaster if they are not mature and not willing to grow , ... i came up with the theories on that page of how type and temperament correspond , but yes , that's my page . wow ; that's so interesting ! while dopamine is i believe what's said to be what stimulates introversion and extraversion ( which is the old factor of expressiveness ) , i had been thinking that ... yes , n would cover deeper meaning , while s was simply the aesthetic of it . i had never mentioned kant as far as creative tendency ; just perception of beauty . ( this site : ... a mature fi sometimes does end up in practice being meek and submissive , because it tries to accommodate others ( the difference from fe is that fe goes by what the others want directly , while fi ... beebe's new book reveals that the demonic personality complex “ is an image of undermining pathological narcissism , which would further explain his so-called fe-use as a te dom . in terms of what ... the thing is , is that this isn't working . you see the code briefly flash , and then it becomes the formatted text again . is shockwave what causes the problem , or are you saying removing it causes the problem ? ( i don't seem to have it now , but i'm not sure ) . it defaults to the wysiwyg editor , and it's hard to even switch it to source mode . this is with chrome on windows 10 . is there a problem with that system ? it was also hard to reply with quote or ... don't know if this one's been discussed , and i just spend so much time trying to edit a post ( and another one , last week sometime ) , that i don't have time to look through this thread . but this ... classic temperament was originally based on expressiveness and responsiveness ( as i think you realize ) . perception scales were altogether different , and managed to pair together the opposites . kant ... wow , where did you get that term from ? googling it , all i can find on it are your post in the enfj counterpart to this thread , and your tv tropes post . ( i have a whole story regarding that , here : ... wow ; i've been discussing this for years , and never noticed that there were these separate quiz result discussions for several types . but the theory is , that classic temperament blend maps ... even though you have unknown ' for type , i see for socionics you have ile , which is entp , so the type fits too . it's really : sj : melancholic nf : phlegmatic ( or fifth temperament , supine , which ... you might be melancholy-supine , then . supine is a fifth temperament ... probably melancholy ( from the sj ) . since those function positions are all determined by ego-states ( archetypal complexes ) , then it depends on the constellation of the puer , which is the tertiary archetype . the hero , which is the ... considering that the function stack is determined by the typ'e ego-states ( archetypal complexes ) , i would say the ni-ti would not come out like that for an infj . ti is tertiary or the child , and it ... that still isn't necessarily f . for one thing , what i meant by goal is that this was what the faux-feeling was based on , rather than the other way around . that the whole best for germany was ... f is emotional instability ? ( also , based on people is something that can easily be feigned . looked to me that he was ultimately based on goals / tasks / objects [ i . e . impersonal ] , the way he carried ... i go by classic temperament , and a choleric can do all those things ( be personable , etc . part of which is the e ) , but it's a tactic with a goal in mind ( especially when the person is unhealthy ) ... and stuff like the caring about the people of the nation i mentioned , are the so-called cues people go by . but what i'm saying , is that they are not necessarily cues , and anyway , fe use treats ... if it seemed like a twisted nf fantasy , that's more evidence that it was not his real temperament , but a shallow mimicry . that stuff isn't necessarily nf anyway , but probably just n in general . ... when i said good cause , i was appealing to others ' arguments , about how he was just caring about the people of the nation or trying to bring unity , or whatever . those sound like f motivations , ... to me , it's not simply being a villain ; it's the impersonal goal orientation that defines t . so he was impersonal , which seems t , and yet he appealed to personal / interpersonal concerns , which ... f is not lack of emotional stability . if anything , since the f perspective pays more attenion to emotions , and t is the one that might try to suppress them , t's are the ones for whom it might erupt , ... if an nfp gets melancholy in a four temperament test , then perhaps the fifth temperament , supine ? temperament : supine in inclusion ( which looks like melancholy in being very reserved , but would be ... interesting take on it . for s's , it works that way . for n's , it's i / e + j / p ( replace f with p , and t with j ) . sanguine is social on the affective level ( interaction styles ; get things going : esf / enp ) , but sj / sp is conative , and not about social skills . so when you read about sj social needs , you have to ... again , there's no such thing as no thinker would ... these are divisions of reality that are present in everyone , and every thinker has a suppressed feeling side that [ all the more ] comes up ... you really cannot go by would not have said . anyone can say anything . everyone has both thinking ( correct / incorrect ) and feeling ( like / dislike ) capabilities , for both views are implicit in every ... to me , it's not about being a hardened , by the book military type ; it's being so fundamentally impersonal , in regarding people as objects to be destroyed . so then all the apparent personal ... it's a very similar combination . the two pairs of types have the same tefi cognitive arms , and differ only in the perceptive ( irrational ) spines . they also have the same interactions styles ( chart ... john beebe himself said he was an si dom . ( with demonic ni ) , though i haven't seen where he elaborates why ( and what the aux is . i wonder if he would say fe , putting isfj on the table.some out there ... for enfj , x93cholericx94 is the interaction style ( also known as x93in chargex 94 or x93initiatorx94 ) , and represented by the e and [ n ] j part . this is basically the x93social stylex 94 you present on the surface . ... what i'm finding , is the best way to begin is to have a simpler description of what exactly the functions are , to begin with . here i've recently discussed this for all the functions ... people are going by surface behaviors such as he was a loner , he was irrational he had / used feelings and he was friendly . this does not equal i or f ! at least , not any conscious variation . he ... i believe it's really dom . te looking for efficiency ( which includes posing as an fe / ti type for the whole image ) , and this would be backed up by an oppositional ti ; and even spoke of te becoming ... no ; it wasn't an intp ; both the person i'm thinking of , and the person she's referring to claim infj ( at this point , not sure if it's the same person ) . the politics ( at least of the person i'm ... '