' my baby is a bmw m3 convertible . itx 92s awesome to get out on a twisty mountain road on a sunny day . itx 92s not just about top speed but acceleration and handling . i love taking sharp curves at 2-3 times ... meh ... there was a point to all this ? or the adventures of the boy who stayed home the phrase i take responsibility for my actions especially celebrities after getting caught . if you truly take responsibility for your actions , you donx 92t have to tell people , itx 92s self-evident . recently at work i went ballistic on a guy . i manage a small team and was on a conference call with two of my best people and this fairly new guy from another department . the guy was being critical ... the concept goal setting has never worked for me . i heard a goal defined as a dream with a date on it . well putting a date on something is a good way to get me to procrastinate and not do it . i think ... these make me laugh  i got a 23 . my therapist has suggested i could have a touch of aspergerx 92s and i have a nephew who is high functioning autistic . ix92ve been working on my social anxiety issues for a few years now ... ditto ... i think something like 500,000 people attended woodstockx 85 couldnx 92t have been infpx 92s there just are not that many of us . i may be a bit of an idealistic slob but i am no hippiex 85 i've never ... all the timex 85 as a kid mom would ask if i was sad or dad would want to know what i am thinking aboutx 85 x93ix92m finex 94 and x93not thinking about anythingx 94 never would appease them . of course what i was ... dear 12 year old self .. when susan ’ s mom calls to talk to your mom to see if you can go roller skating with susan , tell her you would love too . yes she is asking because you are new in town and ... rapid acceleration and curvy roads at high speed is my vice . when i was younger 100mph + seemed like no big deal but with age ix92ve gone for skill and control over just how fast can i go . i find it ... i suppose itx 92s not even so much about being alone as emotional isolation . may also be about prime numbers more than just the odd onesx 85 what you do mean by x93not very developedx 94 ? non-existent or lacking maturity ? i donx 92t fully understand the whole shadow functions idea , but could a person due to emotional abuse be so forced ... snicker snickerx 85 donx 92t judgex 85 : happy : open your mind ... this is similar to the original plan of the american pilgrims . they would all work together and those who can work more , will work more and we will all share the harvestx 85 they almost all starvedx 85 ... ok , ix92ll bite .. the bill and melinda gates foundation has given away billions . how can you give what you do not have ? interestingx 85 so even a martyr could be motivated by a twisted sense of self-gain over a x91purerx92 motivation for a greater cause or the greater good . but do you think there are different degrees ... hmmmx 85 itx 92s always been my understanding that at a basic level narcissists have a lack of empathy and an inflated sense of self-importance . not that they enjoy hurting others , they just canx 92t grasp ... this sums up how i feel about romance these days . not sure why exactly , but it evokes the same feelings , i feel when i think about it . couple of thoughts , infp males often remain single and even though we know its self-inflicted it doesnx 92t seem like itx 92s by our choice . encouragement is required , however , if he falls for you too , he ... thatx 92s may depend on where you are from . i grew up in iowa and kansas and making eye contact with people walking down the street was the norm . however , i did learn in nyc & chicago , it can result in ... ah ... now i see .. make that three ... yuppersx 85 it keeps coming back to the same conclusion , either its everyone else in the world or itx 92s mex 85 so it must be mex 85 .. no offence , but the more i think about it , this kind of pisses me ... that underscores the frustration of it all . when you complain about being alone , sooner or later someone suggests that you find a group to be a part of and if there isnx 92t one , then start onex 85 welpx 85 ... well cat's aren't so bad either ... 27143 does that mean there is an option to not join ? i am the organizer for a local social anxiety support group . i did not start the group , i become organizer when the original founder moved away ... i wrote a research paper on dysthymia in college . i kept thinking yep , this is me , this is what i havex 85 . i hope the professor will say somethingx 85 the grad student who actually graded it , just said , ... i feel much the same . before i even ask someone out i want to know we will live happily ever after . i know of course it doesnx 92t work that way . i keep thinking if family life is what i grew up with , ... i have a pill for that … tho technically it ’ s a reuptake inhibitor as far as i am concerned democrats and republicans are two sides of the same coin . each is for what the other is against . democrats think republicans are evil and republicans think democrats are ... maybe he ’ s been raptured and we are all screwed . i agree with this , as i understand it , at the time , salt was not only a x91spicex92 but also a primary preservative . i think that anything good can be perverted . thus too much salt is over powering and ... now tell us how you really feel ... : wink : i think you are asking some valid questions and that ’ s a good thing . for what it ’ s worth , my dad was a preacher and i was raised in the church . one of my ... to me leadership is not really the same as management . good management starts with good leaders , but a lot of people who choose to x91be the bossx 92 are terrible leaders . an important quality of a ... my imagination . i tend to withdraw into my x91imaginary worldx 92 as a protection against being hyperaware of others . ix92ve been learning to trust my read on people but sometimes i just get overwhelmed by ... as a general rule for infp ’ s , ask then listen . to that end , when my father died a few months ago , after the funeral and all and normalcy started to settle in , one of the most meaningful gestures ... i think you are getting an answer but itx 92s not being expressed in terms you understand . this also underscores the frustration many of us have with non-fx 92s . feelings are not always expressible in ... wellx 85 actually i am a pretty mediocre musicianx 85 i was in my college marching band but compared to some friends of mine ( enfpx 92s i think ) who have master degrees and made a stab at being professional ... ix92m a software development manager and have been a programmer for almost 25 years . first , it has to do with logical thought not really mathematics . 2nd , musicians tend to make really good ... drained … really drained … i spent the last couple of days with people on a work project . tomorrow i ’ ll be in some big meetings with even more people . i wanted to be alone most of the day yet now that ... i think feeling different , especially from fellow infpx 92s may very well be an infp thing . we feel like we are different from others , even those a lot like us . ix92ve never been an emo ... the test only refers to mentally healthy , non-disordered humans . so trying to type someone like hitler , who was out of his mind , does not work . one of the primary factors of the mb is ... he was a psychopath . when it comes to metal disorders there is no accounting for type . i have problems with anxiety which lead to depression . anxiety takes lots of energy and can be exhausting and thus depressing . i do better when i embrace how i am different than those around me . i ... i would rather not say ix92ve never put much stock in being psychic , just intuitive . however , shortly before my fatherx 92s death a few months ago , i had several dreams about him , one involving a funeral . another was four days ... when i was in the 3rd grade i was put in the special ed class . nobody told me why . we moved in the middle of my 4th grade year , the new school tested me and put me in the gifted class . all i wanted ... i ’ m 44 you whippersnapper : happy : i had not considered an add aspect . ix92ve noticed sometimes i become so deep in thought or overwhelmed by a rush of ideas , that i ignore outside stimuli almost as if part of my brain shut down to ... '