' thinking fast and slow . it helped me understand a lot more about people and why they are the way they are than anything else i've come across . double-posted . i'm so genius i just decided to declare it twice . accidentally . i know this question . it's a trick question . the true genius would say that he is not a genius even though he has some accomplishments , he is well aware of what he lacks and therefore cannot in good ... i've been going on a scorpion binge lately and while it's a crap and stupid show about purported geniuses who do pretty stupid things and come up with pretty stupid solutions to problems , some of it ... the encyclopedia . it tells the story of the world as we ( the western part of the world anyway ) know it . this . and personally , yes i've gone with my intuition / gut feeling about people and have correct way too often . there are really only handful of times i have been wrong and once or twice it has ... only every time i come into these forums and read what others say . either i'm not an intj , or there's some other stuff that's messed up in me and i'm not functioning much like one . either way , ... yes . if yes , then there are remaining questions : 2 ] how does ni , se and fi work in you ? others have answered better , and i don't really know the functions well enough to comment . 3 ] what is ... and that just means you don't understand , doesn't mean it's automatically wrong and you're automatically right . your attitude of preferring to just come right out and claim we are all lunatics and ... you must be confused or just incapable of reading properly . at no point did i place any medical or psychological labels on x or diagnose x as having any mental condition . read again . means someone looks capable and ready to handle the situation ( s ) because of self-awareness and mastery of the appropriate and requisite skills and knowledge and experience . looks like he / she is able ... yea i'm asian too . out cycling over the weekend , took a shot of my neutral face . 533666 i did . but not sure if that added to your experiences and memories in any way . now that you've mentioned he felt superior to everyone , i'm more convinced of what i said . and based on that , he ... i think that's pretty much the character of the internet - absolutely and always correct in things they know nothing about . i offer insights . i group their experiences and bits of their story together and offer why they are where they are and the main leverage points they can focus on if they want to improve their ... was sick yesterday and didn't turn up at work and am back today . first colleague who saw me : hey ! where were you yesterday ? were you at work ... ? second colleague who saw me : were you sick ... first thought : what's this doing in intj forum ? does op think that intjs would be better at deciphering x or that at identifying with x ? heh . my take : he treated you as someone he saw as a friend ... i don't want to feel them because they confuse me . by not knowing what to do , i meant i don't know how to just process them so they end or so that they don't end . i feel joy when i see someone i ... yea agreed . the question on a hypothetical person that i would want to bring back . there isn't any person i would want to bring back that i can think of right now . and so i say hypothetically if i ... well yea of course , duh . if it becomes too troublesome or if my plan for the dead person falls through , or if i don't want to revive him anymore . but you asked about whether we would revive someone ... you're assuming i have any person i would want to bring back alive ( as opposed to a pet or ... some extinct species of animal ) . update : that said , if i had to bring someone back , someone who had ... oh yea then clearly they would not be a monstrosity . yea i would do it , no it's not wrong though i am aware there will be people who say it is , so i'm going to pretend that nothing happened , and the ... interesting topic and questions , but i find it hard to answer them without you being more precise about what you're asking about . so would you ever ? depends on what state the person / thing would ... not sure if i'm on topic because while this is a something that's about my gooey insides , it's also something that i run through my brain a lot . well no surprise i suppose . anyway , most of my ... and get pissed if someone's indecisiveness or lack of thought caused you to miss the optimal window for these tasks , thus throwing everything else into disarray , meaning you have to now think of a ... hey everyone . 33 year old male from singapore . i was on this forum a few years back , when i was an istp . or at least i thought so ... i'll explain . i grew up with very low self-esteem and a ... haha . my first response reading that was to raise my quizzical eyebrows and just say what the hell ? and then try to find the point of this . street cop by day , get frustrated with the legal system , go by the book , see assholes get away , fail to protect innocent , drown in paperwork , watch people sucking up to bosses for god-knows-what , ... what everyone said . people assume i'm not happy . i say i'm ok . they don't believe me . they ask again . i say i'm really ok . someone else comes alone and say i look unhappy or mad and ask if i'm ok . ... wait wait ... are we talking michael scofield here ? that would be pretty awesome . i wish i can keep a shaved head as well as you . hair is just too troublesome ... yes , things that really could potentially get me killed or maimed rouse my interest instantly . i've been meaning to go visit mount hua in china . ... interesting . do you just mean you notice more or do you also mean that you are generally more sensitive to what people say and do ? i . e . get upset easier or see / infer things that aren't there . i'm ... mk's graphics were never really anything to rave about sadly . think it was mk4 that really look like total shit ? well anyway i still liked them all . even liked the movie . this friday , i ended up ... can relate to this very well . humour was a shield i used to hide the fact that i thought i was broken . one of the things i'm appreciating is that now i know better what some of my flaws are and ... aye ... i'm still revelling in the fact that i understand myself better than i have ever before but yes , i think i need to start being aware of what my weaknesses are and work my life around my ... i did not even know that that's something common to istps . i just thought i was really a late bloomer . i mean i did alright in school throughout but in university i suddenly became a phenom . of ... i was full of self-doubt , lacked confidence because i believed that i was sub-par in discipline and willpower . i keep thinking about my motivations and actions over and over cos i didn't know why i ... unlikely , unless this was a dormant account that he activated . he had another after being sniperpanda and that got banned too . lol . i agree with the decent haircut thing . i never got one , still ... yea but she's the irrational one who doesn't make sense . i'm perfect . : tongue : yup yup . in my case , we were married less than a year . she left me , saying i was not interesting etc . frankly , i was more angry that after working hard and not giving up at an obviously mismatched ... haha ... prevent ? what do you mean prevent ? tell me how to do it ! haven't gone drifting but i've been in a drunk guy's car and he was taking sharp corners at 50mph . been in another drunk ... reading the back posts and so many ... sooo many remind me of me . not just the behaviour , but the attitude and everything . ha ... this reminded me of the time i locked myself out of my house ... i need to get my driving license soon . and then somehow afford a car . because i've always imagined this is exactly what i'll do whenever i'm bored . just drive around to nowhere ... fast . i got my ps3 really late in the game , literally less than year ago . and then i wondered what took me so long . and now all the new games i'm looking at are for next-gen consoles . fuuu ... ... democracy is a sham . and really , if anyone can't see why , i don't really want to take the time to explain it . it's just self-evident how democracy is a very poorly-implemented system . like even more ... hear , hear . even at the best of times , i encouraged my still-legally-married-to-me wife ( who will be my ex-wife in a couple of years ) to take trips on her own just so i could have some time to ... asian guy ain't combobreaker either ! woo hoo ! arno , you look pretty suave . so many ... disappointments ... starcraft : ghost . freaky . i'm shopping for sushi right now for dinner . you are my people ! '