' san francisco marry : entp kiss : esfj bed : isfp intp , intj , infj raven seems like a good fit . right now my major is management information systems , which is a business administration degree . i've thought about changing my major to computer science , economics , or mechanical engineering ... i think eyes and eyebrows are the main thing people read off of me as well . everything else i do with my body hardly makes sense , even to me . : frustrating : - 2 medium-size sweet potato pancakes - maple syrup - 2 eggs ( scrambled ) - a few strips of bacon - melted turkey and swiss sandwich on gluten-free bread - blackberries - carrots with red pepper ... i've always been a comfort-based dresser , and thankfully this still works for me because i'm a college student . my wardrobe primarily consists of : - t-shirts ( white / black / grey / blue ) - jeans - ... intj here , i can relate to : entj when i'm in business-y mode . this side of my personality is unlocked whenever i'm managing or directing people . esfp when i'm feeling relaxed and ... - reading about something interesting - listening to music - playing any type of video game - going for a walk ( especially at night ) - watching a tv show or movie - grocery store shopping - ... it doesn't really sound like he's interested in you anymore . imo : continuing to go after this guy who is unavailable & uninterested in a relationship with you is only going to make you crazier ... - lotsa water - iced tea - baked pesto chicken wrapped in bacon - mashed potatoes - zucchini , squash , green beans , cherry tomatoes - gluten-free sourdough french toast ( was amazing ) - more ... i've been teased about being a robot in the past but i don't take it to heart . i usually just laugh along with comments like these because i find them funny . i might do a little bit of research . if they felt compelled to tell me this information , then maybe they think they really relate to their type . personally speaking , i'd probably never bring up mbti ... sweet ! arabica bean coffee gluten-free pancakes grade a dark amber maple syrup lots of small chicken-apple sausages triple cheeseburger wrapped in lettuce with tomato thousand island dressing fries ... i think it's a good sign that he's feeling increasingly comfortable around you which may or may not indicate romantic interest . at the very least , he's letting you in a little bit more . ... i do project a specific self-image , but i feel like part of it is conscious and part of it isn't . obviously i knowingly select things such as the clothing i wear , where i spend my time , and the ... - spinach / cheese stuffed sirloin - roasted new potatoes - asparagus ( not raw ! ) - lettuce-wrapped cheeseburger - fries - lots of water - strawberry shake - dr pepper - gluten-free toast w / ... 1 . hybrid cars ? not especially 2 . classical music ? i enjoy it from time to time 3 . tea ? big fan 4 . cats ? i don't have one right now . i think i could do pretty well with just about any type assuming we have good chemistry . i'd rather spend time evaluating someone's lifestyle , interests , and ... i prefer the city but sometimes getting out of town is very necessary . i bought some at $ 33 for funzies and sold at $ 41 . you think it has some strong long-term potential ? i have been considering re-entry but most of the players that i know have been holding since ... for sure . 2016 was still an extremely successful year for me , despite losing out on btc . i bought a new car and stashed away more than enough to pay for my education . it's important to try to be ... from january-july 2016 i accumulated around 85 btc at roughly ~ $ 600 - $ 700 per coin . i sold most of my holding when btc dipped back down to around the $ 600 mark , and sadly , i never ended up rebuying . ... ping : 3 ms down : 127.61 mbps up : 143.53 mbps 699937 6983 62 it depends on the concert for me , but generally speaking , not that much . it can be fun to watch the performance and interact with people , but i feel overwhelmed after a while usually . more like they have problems trying to find out anything about said intj . i could really care less about a character sleeping around or having casual sex . if the show or movie is enjoyable as a whole , then it's good enough for me . in real life , i do lack respect for ... i didn't take the photo with that idea in mind , kinda just came up with that description afterwards . i see what you mean though . hmm , i think my face normally has a calm , almost rbf look to it . i don't think the neutral face photo appears as neutral as i usually am , it's close though . i'm pretty confident about being ... kiss : isfj marry : estj bed : esfj next : infp , estp , infj i've heard that i should use it more , people rarely catch me with a face like that . : laughing : - member photos & videos - myers briggs forum - enneagram personality theory forum ( 9 ) - member polls - general psychology - sex and relationships this may come as a surprise to many of you , but i'm an intj and i like wolves . fun setup : large log cabin style home on the water in malibu , bc . i've been there and it is definitely a place i will never forget . realistic setup : a nice , spacious suburban home in a warm ... it's a funky one , i'll give ' em that ... i suppose you could talk to friends / people and ask them to objectively rate your appearance . the only issue with this is that people generally don't want to be perceived as rude / mean or make others ... there seems to be a skunk infestation in my neighborhood i currently alternate between head & shoulders and patene . my personal favorite is teatree though . i feel like my writing is usually kind of choppy and direct , it doesn't always have the best flow . i love it when my sentence / paragraph format looks neat and tidy , it is very pleasing to look at ... i'd say yes and no . for me , it seems to greatly depend on the person , regardless of their gender . some girls can make me feel awkward and uncomfortable , but certain types of guys do as well . ... i think i have a good mixture of both , maybe leaning a little more heavily on the book smart side . having a fairly balanced combination is by far the most optimal setup . an extremely shy and conflict-avoidant person , of any type . personally , i wouldn't recommend making degree ( and ultimately career ) decisions based off of your mbti type . people of the same type can have varying interests , you'll find that mbti is actually a ... i don't know ... i've never been anything else . i guess in summary i feel like a bunch of contradictions . i can be : confident and doubtful logical and emotional quiet and energetic ... intj how surprising ... '