' i would even love to lead a life far away from society into the woods , explore nature . i don't care if it is explored already , it won't be explored by me and that's what matter to me . i love ... i really can't stand out society . i'm depressed as hell . i just don't like people . they're just plain , rude and have obsolute ideals and values . i just don't like most people . i won't ever be ... why don't we just recognize north-korea as a nuclear power . problem solved . peace can return , and if we open our borders and trade again with north-korea , maybe they will have a less sceptist ... i'm now playing a game where germany won the first world war , and where a syndicalist ( left-wing ) revolution broke out in france and spread to britain . the king , his family , right-wing sympathists ... hurricane maria is now one of the ten strongest hurricanes on record . wow . she even has lower air pressure now than irma had . the 2017 season is the second one ( after the disastreous 2005 season ) to ... it doesn't look like hurricane maria will hit the united states of america , and even if it did so , not on max intensity . jose's path is still unsure , but that will most likely be more rainfall ( and ... what a monster storm ...  even the prime minister had to be rescued . this island will be wiped ... not good ... the eye wall with dangerous winds that rapidly developed did hit the most populous part of dominica . i think this was the worst case ... pff , hurricane maria is now a strong category 5 hurricane and is about to batter the island of dominica in an hour . this is not looking good . maria is now a category 4 hurricane , but the likelihood of it being a category 5 hurricane is quite big . some even said that this hurricane will potentially be bigger than ... the eye of maria is super small , or miniscule , and it does remind me of hurricane wilma , the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the atlantic basin ( in the 2005 season ) , and of hurricane patricia ... neil degrasse tysonu 200f said we should abandon the coasts because they are increasingly becoming inhospitable . wildlife is already retreating , so should we ! ...  the prediction for jose . ... oh no ! ! ! more models are now agreeing jose will turn westwards , make a loop and slowly approach new england , new york and new jersey . expect lots of rain and wind ! ! ! ... today i saw a documentary on television about a real vampire in antwerp . are they real ? tbh , people nowadays wouldn't become famous for paintings either . i don't know any painter of the 20th and 21st century . wow something unexpected happened . it was predicted that jose would steer towards europe , but now the models are agreeing jose will make a loop , increasing the threat of a us landfall , more ... a new hurricane is forming in the atlantic . it looks like it will be heading to the northern antilles ( again ) , puerto rico , then the bahama's , and than finally the us eastern coast . it will be a ... this is so me . : blushed : this night , i ran a lot again . i must be one of the best infp runners in the world ! i have a lot of energy in me , especially at night . i feel like in some way i evolved into a night person , a human ... i maybe have a form of aspergers too , but i'm also an atypical asperger's variant , i guess . and in some way , i already can easily blend in entirely in another mass of people , however the fear will ... yeah , i probably do that a lot ... . 1 ) what is your favorite movie ? kreuzweg or in english called stations of the cross shortly followed by the styllish horror movie suspiria . 2 ) what movie do you find the happiest ? american beauty ...   best 25 movies i've seen in the last three months ! 1 . badlands ( 1973 ) - 9/10 2 . the spectacular now ( 2013 ) 3 . spring breakers ( 2012 ) - rewatch 4 . sin nombre ( 2009 ) - 8/ 10 5 . the beach ( 2000 ) ... actresses : 1 . maika monroe 2 . elle fanning 3 . shailene woodley 4 . mia wasikowska 5 . alicia vikander 6 . brie larson 7 . emma stone 8 . kate winslet if an american would have to marry me , she could also apply for our nationality without giving up her own nationality . it's the so called double nationality , but it's been heavily criticized and ... what if michael jackson was a giraffe . passive aggressive . only marijuana ! ! ! young jfk called hitler stuff of legends in old diary one of the reasons i don't like jfk ( i don't like churchill too ! ) . wow . one of our monthly magazines has the following as cover ... . it made me giggle . our socialist party getting hammered by the communists who emerge as the new front runner in french speaking parts ... but how do i have to meet new people ? probably , i have the wrong friends :( my best friend smokes weed all the time and only goes out after 1am . i've never been in a night club / party before 1am ... our prime minister warned us for the rise of the far-left . the left is getting obliterated and almost all their votes are going to the far-left and the worker's parties , grassroots movements , the ... the workers party of belgium ( ptb ) has introduced a bill to reform the abortion law – safe abortion : women's right that would be great ! i think i love them , but i don't visit them that much . it must have been years since i last visited one . today i was trying to find a job at some office , and i got the idea a lady was hitting on me with her exaggerating smile , and her weird question out of nowhere : i guess you're married ? ? ? no other ... i wished girls would try to get my attention when i'm in a night club , but apart of that , i feel the same way like you . i actually want to talk to people , and in a night club i can't hear anyone ... wow . the mayor of a neighbouring city ( 2 miles from here ) was killed last night ... he got murdered at the graveyard . i live in a very dangerous world apparently ... . the criminal activity here is ... why is it so hard to lead a normal life . i feel like i will never have a decent amount of fulfillment on any kind of desire i have . it kinda sucks . i don't know why i should continue to fight . i'm ... marvel lotr of star wars ? i probably anger > fear > sadness > disgust > joy . dark forces are ruling in lakigigar country . definitely not joy .  north korea and the us joining sides once ! ! ! :) i guess the us isn't that bad ... i love it i think i can and it's not my native language . '