' philosophy and religion . not much else . here's a lecture , held by robert h . lustig , concerning the effects of high fructose intake and its links with obesity and general health problems . he ... some infj's seem to have the i'm such a unique , important and loving person . pay attention to me . - syndrome . and now it's 80 already .. well , i guess he just changed his mind 79 times . type : infj preferred variety : i don't drink alcohol . favourite drink : if you're asking about alcoholic drinks then i have no idea for obvious reasons . i'll just go ahead and say coffee and ... i've been here for about five months i think , and i've only made 85 ( now 86 ) posts so far . that's ~ 0,54 per day . .. and i visit pc basically every single day too . i guess that would award me a lurker ... i don't know about you , but i consider relaxing and having a good time with friends and family a perfectly reasonable ' purpose ' for celebrating holidays . you know , to kind of make up for the fact ... i remember taking a similar test and i got estp :d ry : in order to make it work , you first need to upload the picture you want from your computer onto the internet . you can use this site for example : imageshack ® - online media hosting so , first you ... repent , thou weak of faith ! the end is nigh ! i think so too but it's still a bit too vague for me to answer properly . at least for me , it makes a big difference whether he meant romantic relationships or friendship type of relationships .. that's interesting , because infjs are usually said to be really empathetic : mellow : would you care to elaborate a little ? damn you , guests . making me terribly paranoid and overly conscious of what i write : tongue : though i rarely even post anyway so i'm pretty much a lurker myself .. it's clear and sunny : tongue : somewhere around - 4 ° c , i guess . feels like the spring is finally coming . three sixteen ! i'm not sure if you've already noticed this , but they can be seen by pressing the circle-like buttons under one's avatar : tongue : why isn't there a comma after the lord in the infj prayer ? there's a comma in every other prayer . it looks really annoying considering it's supposed to be perfect . my favourite subjects are english , history , philosophy , religion and math . :p roud : i also like art even though i'm not that good at it . just listening to music and staring into nothingness , the best way to spend your free time : bored : google is your best friend : tongue : trolls are basically people who try to create as much drama online as possible . for example , one could post extremely racist content on a forum meant for ... remember to leave the [ / quote ] tag in the end of the part you wish to quote . that way it should work :p roud : i hope you don't mind if i answer this too because these sorts of things happen to me quite often as well .. : tongue : to me the most interesting topics i'd like to discuss with others are the things ... we should convert the homeless into oil and thus resolve the world's energy issues at the same time ! * sigh * i should clearly be ruling the world .. but now if you'll excuse me , i have third world ... i'm a cat person too . exactly my thoughts , it's ridiculous .. i don't even like to make eye-contact in normal conversations and even less so if i don't know the person that well : laughing : some people might find it a bit rude but i just can't stand looking ... the same goes for me too , i end up spending most of my time on my computer .. : bored : haha , i've never noticed this before but now that you mentioned it .. : tongue : i absolutely love cats and they're quite possibly my favourite animals of all . they're intelligent , calm and ... there there .. it's not that bad being a flake . you can be a snow flake or even a corn flake , the possibilities are endless ! i agree and i probably should've read my post more carefully before posting . it's just hard for me to really grasp the concept of small talk since we don't have that sort of thing here in finland ... it's funny how i feel almost exactly the opposite . i don't see much point in casual conversations and small talk , i find them bit of a waste of time . i get bored of them quite easily .. but i ... i like to draw although i suck at it : tongue : i guess i'm more musical than artistic .. personal * name : i prefer to be called by my screen name * male / female / trans ? male * location : finland * if you could get up and go anywhere in the world at the present moment , where ... i think i'm actually more introverted and cautious when i'm talking online . i prefer real life conversations to online ones although i'm pretty reserved and quiet in real life as well . : blushed : ... philosophical , reserved , compassionate , loyal , idealistic .. and stubborn . let's pretend that's 5 : mellow : net speed : 77 wpm ( words / minute ) accuracy : 97 % gross speed : 79 wpm ( words / minute ) .. my wrists hurt i absolutely love animals , especially cats : laughing : pets are awesome because they don't judge you in any way nor care about the way you look etc .. you don't have to worry about their opinions or ... i'm ill as well , feels like my head is going to split in two .. i hope you get well soon : bored : i'm 18 . yay . me too , i hardly ever use my cell phone for talking . i still voted for cell phone because i hate using email and it has been months since i've even checked it : laughing : i think it would be interesting if someone made a poll about infjs and alcohol usage . i don't personally drink at all and i never have . i made a promise to myself never to drink after seeing what ... i'm an infj and i spend most of my time on my computer : blushed : and i guess i'm a little addicted to it as well , though i can spend many days and even weeks without using my computer at all .. it's ... i can't really tell whether i'm a pessimist or an optimist , i guess i'm kind of a combination of those two . i generally hold a rather idealistic and hopeful view on the world and its people but i ... i agree completely : laughing : during our finnish lessons i've too wondered how incredibly illogical and difficult some things in the finnish language are . for example , there's like a million ... really ? i don't even usually draw people at all because they always end up looking really weird . : blushed : but maybe i should try and color that second one .. heh , thanks a lot : laughing : my username means tree bark in finnish . there isn't really any story behind it , i just chose it because i like how it sounds :p roud : i like pale , yellowish colors the most . : tongue : a color called champagne for example . oh , and brown too ! i guess i would spend my last day with my friends and relatives . it would be cool to leave in good terms with everyone : tongue : other than that , i don't think i'd be doing anything out of ... i'm feeling a little embarrassed to put my own works here after seeing all that awesome artwork you've made , but i'll just give it a shot anyway : tongue : ... '