' i suggest you to , xd it is , if you prefer fish over meat you might want to try that recipe but with bacalhau ( i don ´ t know if this word has a translation ) wich is fish , lol xd infp with add here , i do relate to this , but i dont think it would make a difference since infp ´ s are naturally imaginative . welcome ! ! i hope you enjoy your stay . :D are you cleaned up and organized ? i ´ m an infp and they irritate me because of that too and if you actually say something to them like : hey you ´ re whining too much , they go like : you dont know what life is . - . - welcome , i ´ m from portugal . stranger : hi you : hey you : m f ? stranger : f you : how are u ? stranger : im good but bore you ? stranger : * bored you : fine you : where u from ? stranger : usa im always with my hands on my pockets . ironically i was just listening to a song named « what is love ? » lol that was deep ! sometimes i have weird homicidal thoughts , its scary ! today i made a beautifull drawing :) i have trouble mantaining interest too , i think our problem is not being uninterested , we are interested , but we cannot handle schedules and deadlines ... beautifull ! a person opened up to me . :) no , but be carefull with the badass look , infp ´ s are highly sensitive . i looove their sense of humor and they are probably the best company you will have if you ´ re on a happy mood , but i dislike their lack of emotions . yeeey infp ´ s rule after all :D i always keep imagining that im waiting for the train with my brother and when the train comes i push him to the train line , and then ( when i stop imagining ) i feel this weird sensation in my hand ... and because we ´ re lazy ... i started playing me1 recently , thought the gameplay was boring but people say the story is so great i have to play it . is the story that great ? yeeey new enfj , welcome ! ! ! chai latte rpg ´ s and shooters mostly , thinking about getting l . a . noire , looks pretty cool . sun , beach , ice-cream :D cam 3llia ´ s right , the only thing you can do is wait . they won ´ t stand up for theirselves ( unless of course their values are threatened ) but they stand up for their partner . mine is like near the ocean and has this strange giant birds with many colors flying around and there ´ s this fantasied persons who have superpowers ( for example one girl controls electricity ) and ... i think the girl in the video talks about that too on other videos , here ´ s the link youtube - devinemiracles's channel good luck ! that happens to me , i saw something in the internet about seeing your own auras and it said that people with a crystal aura tend to absorb traits from other persons , but that whole aura thing is ... how the fuck did you do that ? take off your pants right now ! ! ! i was going to post something , but then i read your comment . xd i would pick healing people too . miguel . domingues 8 ( portuguese name ... ) if you could have a superpower what would it be , why and what would you do with it ? but if we get our minds into something , then we ´ re not lazy anymore . yes , we are . i often ask this question to myself , i think we ´ re meant to be hurted , to understand emotions and pain so we can help others overcome their pain . i mean we ´ re called « the healers » right ? that song is beautifull ! eyegasm + . + i have the same problem too , and the worst thing is that when you actually stand up for yourself , you feel bad after - . - i mean , damn ! ! no need to be shy around here , we all are suportive and caring . dear person , stop eating my cookies , damn you ! try to find something that gives meaning to your life , fantasize , listen to music , dedicate yourself to something ... i dont know . i know how it feels , one year ago i was depressed for the same reason , i tried talking to my parents ( what was really hard for me , showing my emotions like that ) and they told me they wanted to see ... welcome to the forum ! my need to please everybody , people think it ´ s a flaw but if everyone had that same need the world would be a better place . '