' yay , you made a special thread just for this and everything . i'm either a 5 or a 7 or an 8 , but probably a 9 . in various circumstances , all of them fit to some extent . none of them fit very well over all . i'm told that's a sign of being 9 , so i just go with ... i suppose they just call them 3d so they can market something that people can't pirate . or something like that . squib you scored 24 % slytherin , 28 % ravenclaw , 28 % gryffindor , and 24 % hufflepuff ! are you sure that you belong at hogwarts ? you show no defined personal characteristics and therefore no house ... guild wars . heroes of newerth . dwarf fortress . you know why we have opposable thumbs , right ? to easily manipulate stuff . well , i could say the same about new zealand and australia . they're almost the farthest away from me you can get without leaving earth . and i've always appreciated natural beauty far more than ... slovenia - most of my life . croatia - multiple times per year . austria - every year or two , it's only 10 kilometers or so from my home so it's very easy , i used to go on cycling trips to nearby ... i spend money easily . it's just that there's so little that i actually want to use it on , i end up not spending much anyway . wow . way to beat me to the exact words i was gonna use . i slowly become more extroverted and friendly . while slowly losing the ability to express any deeper thoughts . at one point , if i drink enough , i just become insane . i usually lose some memory even ... ... i don't get it . it's supposed to be shocking to the audience , i assume ? case by case . some people make 10 threads in a day to be disruptive . some people make 10 threads in a day because they have a genuine reason to do so . this is way too complex to reduce to a single ... that's only your opinion . obviously someone else disagrees if they posted it here . this thread was meant to be fun . you were the only one going agaist the spirit of that . you came into a thread and ... i mean that while pointing out people's prejudices isn't necessarily incessant whining , the way you do it certainly is . choose your battles . don't go for every little thing that ticks you off , ... when you do it . just your style , i guess ? you know what makes someone look like a child ? incessant whining . also , your face . nope , the nine alignment combinations were introduced in 2nd edition . it's a no brainer if you consider that planescape came out in 2nd ed , since the whole great wheel is built on the concept . you ... ng , tn , cg , cn all possible with me . you left out chaotic evil and put chaotic neutral down twice . ( edit : i see you guys are on to it already . ) it's from the second edition , actually . trolling is , in its essence , trying to make people angry , probably because the troll gets a kick out of it . that's not trolling because it actually has a purpose beyond adolescent ... no , i never troll . people who know me would say i do it all the time , but that's not true . trolling is done for the sake of the enjoyment of pissing someone off . i do it for the mind games ... exactly what i was gonna say . why is this supposed to be mutually exclusive ? a world without ti ? might as well have a song without music or a romance without passion . i like strategy games that don't make the use of player time a resource in very short supply , like time chess or fast rts games . it's a choice between telling him and regretting not telling him . what's the worst thing that could go wrong ? he doesn't care about you as much as you'd hoped . you're already getting there simply by ... ( a ) i don't know , there's too many i liked and it was all a long time ago . ( b ) i don't know , i don't think i've ever liked any that much . ( c ) the full chemical name of titin : wikianswers - what is ... i disrespectfully disagree . oh , i think i can contribute in this thread ... stage one , sobriety . it can be a lot of fun with friends but socializing with people i don't know isn't comfortable . there seems to be a lack of ... i'm always on time if i decide to actually be somewhere . in all honesty , that idea with centralizing things seems like crap to me . controversy ? i think about stuff like that , but it doesn't actually worry me . my np overthinking never creates any fear for some reason . intp . enneagram 5 or 7 or 8 or 9 . no , i'm not afraid of flying . seems silly to me . i mean , you can break your neck and die while getting out of bed in the morning . or every time you cross the ... no i am not a typist , however , the word ' typist ' annoys me to no end . yeah . mundane things , like what i ate for lunch and so on . i didn't read past this point . you're intrigued enough to make a thread about it . you should do it . probably something wrong with your browser . have you tried reinstalling it ? if you do get someone else's urine just keep it somewhere like between your legs so your body heats it . maybe try to remind yourself to base your self-worth on other things as well as intelligence , such as other positive attributes . or better yet , accomplishments ? you can always accomplish more . ... how do you know that ? you'd just think they were introverted . i think there was a few people identifying as reserved extraverts on this forum a while back . invisible 10 characters ! this argument always bothers me . you need intelligence to create the things we have today while killing is perfectly possible by bashing someone's skull in with a club . your head hurts . you know something's blank when you can't see anything there . you know you're on an aeroplane when grandmother , almost brought me up , yadda yadda . like everyone else said , i didn't actually feel anything when she died . i was just annoyed hundreds of people were wasting my time with condolences at ... me - intp mother - infp father - istp father's father - estj father's mother - esfj mother's father - vaguely nt , never knew the man , they say i take after him mother's mother - enfj well , once i almost tipped a huge shelf on a guy that probably would have killed him if it hit him ... then go to a professional who actually knows what he's doing . one who will expose that which you don't know yet . there obviously is something there , if you made a thread about it . i voted type 9 . i'm still not sure if i am a type 9 , it doesn't fit well , just better than anything else . oh , i've topped that plenty of times . i'm very talented . i do this sometimes . for example , sometimes i listen to music and imagine talking to a famous musician from a few hundred years ago about it . it's really cool when i'm in that mood , but it doesn't ... i always wanted to try the glados cake recipe . '