' if i ever feel the urge to vent , i often feel like i need to phrase my thoughts in the appropriate way depending on the person or only tell certain problems to certain people . when you vent to ... you are stronger than you think you are . i know that sounds incredibly cliche , but it sounds like the environment you are currently living in fuels a lot of stress that is causing you to feel like ... i feel like this pretty often . but , it generally comes in phases relating to how much stress / anxiety i've been feeling . including just stretching myself too thin by spending too much time interacting ... yes , most definitely , all of this . of course , only if she chooses to pursue this . which , i hope she would ... just in case it could happen to anyone else in the future . she really needs to file a complaint with corporate . either by calling the hotline , or sending a letter . the important part is to be assertive and clear . perhaps you could formulate a draft for her ? ... i didn't finish reading the rest of this thread .. so i could be missing other insight ... but what you're describing to me is exactly what i went through during my college years . it didn't make me ... i always feel like i'm open to making new friends . talking to different types of people is really the best way to explore other ways of living and to gain inspiration for your own life . when i was ... i don't think the op meant that being an infp was weird , maybe that she so happens to be surrounded by people who are different than her and she is glad to know she isn't alone ! though i do agree ... i'm actually confused by this . so .. she's out in public , alone , ordering food ... and then she takes her plate and hides ? and then returns with an empty plate ? lol .. what is this hiding ? how is she ... so i don't think there's anything wrong with having some cognitive dissonance . i think it is important to be reasonable and set boundaries . it's healthy to use both compassion and logic to figure out ... i'm going to just put out there how i think to see if it relates to the theory . first of all , of course , it depends on what the other people's values are and who the people are . if the value has ... i'm not sure how helpful highlighting the enneagram descriptions is , because a lot of the things in the descriptions you can apply to different enneagram types . what you need to focus on is core ... what's pretty clear about the thinking preference ? i don't think 4 because i don't sense much pride in being different . i sense a lot of frustration . 4 could be in your tritype , but i wouldn't think about tritype right now because it makes things ... typewatch enneagram yeah sorry , i just copied your questionnaire and color coded things that stood out to me . green is mostly fe things . purple is enneagram 6 . i don't really see 5 and 4 too much . definitely not 4 , ... i think your questionnaire reminds me of somewhat of myself when i was younger . as an infj enneagram 6 , i usually test as an intj . i find the feeling questions on the tests stupid and pride myself ... i did not see the thread where the intjs were mean to you , but the fact that you thought comments were mean and unnecessary shows fe . fe is about the way you communicate with others . you're awkward ... basically , whenever you talk of trust , security , and anxiety , i think enneagram 6 . enneagram 6 is a strong head type and the most anxious of the types . they can be suspicious and not trusting , but ... this might sound rude . i intentionally just spoke as directly as i could because the last time i did otherwise people couldn't really get to my thoughts . anyways i filled this questionnaire out . i ... to me , not much in your questionnaire seems particularly thinkery . i see a lot of enneagram 6 though . aw but last question presents the greatest moral dilemma ! if the snake is a biting snake , i choose toad . if the snake has it's teeth removed , i choose snake . congrats ! secret uncovered ! but now everyone knows about the site and i feel like a dirty cheater using it . ... oh well . ah , i always liked epona's song . but i think that's influenced by the happy feeling i got from the ranch with horses running around . my favorite game is actually ocarina of time . it was the first ... ace face would you ever be maced in the face for 20 dollars ? which would you choose : macing some unwilling participant in the face and earning 20 dollars , or macing yourself in the face and losing ... whoops , that must have been how he became broken .  you = professor plum  well shit . see , right here i needed an image that conveys the feeling / idea of : oh sure , just downplay the fact that you have a stash which demonstrates your experience and knowledge of the greatest most ... gifs though , that's an advanced technique . that's how you know miss scarlet is a pro . so , i've always wondered how people of the internets have a gif or image comeback to everything , no matter how obscure . how is this done ? ? do you guys just have a stash of gifs / images organized into ... okay image . so i enjoy helping people for multiple reasons 1 ) sometimes i just like to feel special 2 ) problem solving is fun and interesting 3 ) i see great potential , think the person is awesome , ... 1w9 vs 1w2 so the way my morality works is that i will examine practical situations . i think they usually involve social situations and whether actions are right and wrong . it can be a struggle to ... plushwitch rim zallla julia bell okay , i am writing so much that i am going to do 3 separate posts so 1 doesn't seem so overwhelming haha . hm not sure what you mean by internal disruption of ... plushwitch if you're around can i ask you for your help figuring out my wing and tritype ? what sorts of things do you wish you cared about ? right , that's what i thought . julia bell or anyone do you know any other 6w7 ' s on this site or 6w5 ' s . perhaps they can help me distinguish .. inconsistency in my own behavior causes me to troubleshoot and feel anxiety . inconsistency in others can be irritating depending on the person and how it affects me . i'm fairly certain i'm a 6 ... i'm assuming you meant can't carry the same standard / principled ways ? nah i usually don't feel resentment . i'm more concerned about how i live my life and less concerned about how others live their ... julia bell funcoolname alright , i'm going to be lame and do spoiler tags , just because if someone else decides to comment i don't want to sway their opinion hah . i am fairly certain i am a 6 . i ... hey hey hey . so i'm 99 % sure of my core type , but not at all sure about the wing . i'm also not sure about my tritype . stackings ? no clue . i'd like to progress more with this enneagram thing , so i'd ... in addition to what kyrielle said about the importance of not feeling guilty , i do think every now and then you should just force yourself to accept an invitation . i am also very picky and there are ... how did you come off as a jerk ? i was trying to explain my thought process when it came to morality but there were so many ifs and buts and complexity that i confused myself so i'm going to have to think about it and come back ... haha , ah okay . yeah , i had some trouble with typing socially unacceptable as well . okay , how about this .. i've seen some people explain fi as subjective morality and fe as objective morality , ... hm , okay . so what does it feel like to have the external harmony vs internal harmony disrupted ? are you saying a fe user would feel , this is just not something that is socially acceptable to be ... yeah i am 99 % sure i'm an infj , but still struggle differentiating between fi and fe , so i like reading threads like this . reading it theoretically , it all makes sense . i'm like , oh yeah i'm totally ... haha , thanks . see , i feel confused by this because i do both . i have basic values that are fe , i think , but when there are dilemmas or something is tricky , i do the fi thing . or perhaps it's a ... '