' swordsman of mana i know , that , they explain that thoroughly , it's espionage mentality , and i can do that too , in nlp terms , that turns up in front of me , square , hazy , with a treadmill motion as ... i identify as tritype 6w7 2w3 1w9 , sp / so the descriptions imply 6s use their imagination to scare themselves , but that's not my experience . my imagination is positive and quirky , i'm a ... or someone pushed into a swimming pool without floatation aids , you know the lifeguards are there so you can't completely drown , but it doesn't stop the panic when your head first goes under . a teacher who is teaching the whole course . see , interestingly , my scenario would be the opposite . i'm teaching , students don't connect , my scattered rambling leaves them cold . my old teachers are glaring like demented clowns , shrinking me ... see , interestingly , my scenario would be the opposite . i'm teaching , students don't connect , my scattered rambling leaves them cold . my old teachers are glaring like demented clowns , shrinking me ... i was thinking about the kind of thing you were after , and i wondered , have you looked at this subtype workshop series by naranjo ? it may help you . part 1 is here , and the rest are in the sidebar ... secondary gains fixed i'll post them steadily so people have time to engage with them without knowing the next step . i want to post some exercises for you guys , but a lot of these are small group-orientated . would you be interested ? if so , i will post . he's a 6 , i have some audio exercises to post later . i'm re-uploading secondary gains because its actual length is almost an hour , not 6 mins . i'm afraid not , though i too may purchase it when i have spare cash . if i get it , i'll upload . he's back , due to popular demand lol ... re-introducing the erudite mr tom condon ... the enneagram and nlp what's my style ? ... let me post some more videos up for you , i swear that he says his type somewhere ... by the way , i think i'm a little bit in love with him and naranjo ... i could listen to them all day : tongue : don't worry , i wrote the thread title and i still saw condom when i came back later ... must be the latent sx that i don't acknowledge consciously in so / sp stacking :p tom condon elucidates type behaviors and motivations by triads . ones , eights and nines twos , threes and fours fresh from the land of trololol , i've decided it's time to do a more serious research project . one of my most problematic issues when trying to type myself , is i can identify behaviour patterns , ... characters i relate to : morrigan from dragon age , strong , independent and cynical , yet soft , beneath it all . i am judgemental , witty and critical , and sometimes too snarky , but i'm not offensive and ... i don't have serious problems with all of it ... let me see if i can express it more succinctly : - isn't language partially learned ? e . g . i notice i grab words from others if i'm around them too ... i need to elucidate my concerns better ( after sleep ) when i rant my words come out too harsh and too messy . i think there's three separate issues : validation presentation discrimination ( on ... i'm here because i like the atmosphere , by pseudo-scientific , i meant that while their core theories might be sound , a lot of their new stuff is a bit sketchy , and more commercial than insightful - ... i can't listen to these people speak anymore ! jesus christ ! ! ! the more i listen , the more i see that lot of their diversions from the zen , self-reflection stuff is unsubstantiated babble , and i sort ... quang awww * * blush * thanks . honestly , i can see what you mean about the 1 thing and how people of the same type can share expressions , but there are several types with very similar expressions , ... i know lol , that would mean twins would have to be the same type going by that rule . quang by what your links say about my features , i'd probably be a 6 then 386194 i know , they're quite hit and miss . i also bought a typing lecture that was supposed to go into type and micro-expressions , i was very disappointed . there you go , sweetie . ardielley that makes me sad , one minute ... it's called ' the seeker ' i remember watching it on my pc ... i'll grab it for you i'm a great believer in freedom of information , and i know lots of people struggle with tritype , so i thought hey , the fauvres have some videos , maybe they'll resonate better for people than a wall ... ok , uploading now . so excited ! i'll post them unlisted on youtube then videos , specifically . i've purchased some stuff that i'd really like you guys to see . can i share without copyright breach ? thanks for laying yourself bear for us quang one more line and that becomes a profound non-traditional haiku :p maybe 500 was a little ambitious lol . it's funny the little in-jokes and symbols we have in our heads . ok , how does this thing work again ? right , clear your mind and focus on your breathing . what ? tim robbins as andy dufresne and a new red bicycle , what does that have to do with anything ? note : ... in the interest of mindfullness self-awareness , post 500 words of your internal monologue , don't judge it , don't edit it , just type it and hit enter . if you like , post your enneagram type as well . erm ... i don't know , i'm conscious of moving into barnum territory , i'm aware that i moved it there . i feel like someone who's trying to be descartes in this enneagram thing but is actually a rebecca ... do 24 year old 1s have highly visceral inner world of dancing jellybabies and dark humour to entertain them when they're idle or do i have to be a 4 , 5 or 9 for that ? with wit and indirect gestures of affection , inside i'm feeling like a person is so beautiful and perfect and pure that i need to protect them , outside i just playfully engage them while trying to ... dear sirius , i'm really sorry nobody bothered to get you any food before you went all the run , it all got a little bit hectic back there , didn't it ? had i known how shit would go down , i'd ... maybe if it suits your needs / hobbies , you could also try to take the reigns and say come on , let's go ( insert something active / fun . ) people find it easier to wallow when they have so much unmoved ... break into their house :p i don't put much stock by my emotions to be honest , i neither repress nor indulge them . i'd consider something like : i appreciate you're going through ___ , but sometimes , i need you to consider the way i feel about things . you know i will always be here for you , but sometimes i ... i really like esfps , i sort of see them as the guys who live a lifestyle i'm intrigued by but would never want . they re-live their sensory experiences vividly , so i just suspend my judgement and ... sx last - because as intense as i can be , i don't crave intimacy at all , i can't indulge the sx side of myself without first being entirely comfortable with someone on my first two instinctual levels . '