' thanks , great insight . normalizing , exactly . i used to feel the world strongly and it was just too much at some point , so i subconsciously choose to shut them down . i believe it was necessary for my personal development ... hey nfs ! i've been trying to become more emotional the latest two years . while i've clearly made progress , there's still a long way to go to becoming in touch with my feelings . my problem seems ... great response . listen to your heart ! when i was 2 years old i heard my mom and her friend discussing lonely people and named one man who was in his twenties and a woman in her sixties whom were both without a partner , at very separate ... what about these little dudes whom are supposedly everywhere ? : crazy : 350634 haha , something like that , yess . happened once , an idiot hit me in the face . i'm not sure what happened the few seconds after that but a moment later he was lying on the ground with a bleeding face , crying like a baby . i think i'd let him die and save the cure for someone i know for sure deserves it . but then again , i usually turn out to be nicer & more merciful than i expected when i end up in those sort of ... yeah , i'm not being serious : happy : the most intp person on this website probably hasn't posted a single thing because they're too bussy thinking . intp - my worst nightmare is to work at a fast food restaurant . i mean , i sometimes screw up just when ordering food ... couldn't resist it hahah . 348618 disclaimer : 100 % joke , no offense to be taken . luvgen as in love-generator ? uhmmm enfj sorry , not typical te-user in the sense that he's stupid . someone asked what his mbti might be and i simply meant that i recognized the te-function being used . while some people play smart to fit in , you got to act dumber than you are in order to blend in . running company working with commercial movie production . it's a perfect fit . the symptoms may overlap but for completely different reasons . intp is not to be confused with aspergers syndrom . schizoid personality disorder on the other hand describes pretty well the weaknesses of an underdeveloped intp ... typical te user . so many flaws in his logic i couldn't watch even half of the video . wouldn't an accurate mbti-subtype system be easier definable using mbti itself ? say , subtypes based on being above a certain percentage on thinking , below a certain percentage on perceiving and so ... so to you apathy = selfishness ? about that test : someone asked me that question long ago and i was able to answer immediately , not because i lack empathy but because the answer is totally obvious ... that shit really cracked me up that creates another contradiction because psychopaths are in most cases described as being very rational , so they are rational but don't think things through ? are psychos even real ? scored as assertive but really can't say i'm one of these more than the other .. depends on my mood . but why would they go around murder people if their emotions did not push them to do it , one way or the other ? what i'm trying to say that i believe they have emotions , extreme emotions . could be diarrhea when a lady complains about having gained weight and you offer her a well-intentioned , great advice on how to solve the problem . oops completely agree ! really ? you mean you can't choose to do good for others without your emotions pushing you to it ? you're asking someone what it's like to have no emotions yet worry about your question coming off too insensitive ? ;) hehe it's ok ! it's a very interesting question actually because i probably ... how would you define selfish ? i agree with what you stated about those caring about apathy like that being selfish . good , evil , right , wrong are all abstract terms - obviously they do not ... yeah , and now that i think of it , ain't it digusting that their well-willing emotions are supposedly the only thing that stands between them and pure evil ? it puzzles me how people in general seem to shiver at the concept of a person without emotions . psychopaths / sociopaths are most commonly described as to having close to no emotions , or no emotions ... i like putin though how is that hard ? i'm in need for solitude . plain and simple . if they cannot accept that you need some time alone , they obviously do not accept who you are . if you respect yourself and your ... hey istjs , i'd like to ask you a question about my friend . he's one of my besties and we have been each others ' closest friends for about 6 years . what i really can't figure out is why he ... wondering wether i'm a good person or not . i want to be a good person but for some reason i feel a little flattered when people call me cold / rude ... funny thing about being intp : caring when someone is hurt , but not showing it because it would come off as pure sarcasm . i don't think any person fits entirely into a personality-description . what they describe are rather tendencies that are products of a type's usage of cognitive function . hey and welcome , ... you know you're intp when you need a logical reason to fall in love with someone . was thinking that too .. haha ! i'd be so turned on . swedish intp . sounds like how i would describe myself before and after i found out about mbti , and i'm very sure on my type . i still do recognize myself in what you're saying , i've been adopting and testing out ... what were you like before you knew about mbti ? by learning a hell lot about mbti and then applying the thoery in real life , constantly analyzing and experimenting with different people's reactions , i have concluded that mbti is very accurate and ... if ya noticed , it's actually a psychedelic brain : kitteh : ( ignore this post , type the one above me ) infp i really like it btw ! :p erc 2 : '