' being an entp is awesome so it is still worth it though . this is what i hate most about being an entp . selfie 2.0 : much better indeed . i stopped using facebook a long time ago , shit's retarded yo . im pretty damn sure im an entp afterall , but i had my doubts on entp / intp from the very start drinking and hanging out at your own / friends place with a ton of people is more fun than going out imo . i do not enjoy nightclubs , no . tjugotre i thought i was the only one who did that : shocked : jovars , tjena . enfp's are pretty awesome , one of my best friends since childhood is one . har för mig att jag sett någon finne med , minns inte vem det var dock . heja norden . visst är det så , när jag har bett en vän eller så göra testet så har deras reaktion varit meh typ . hur gammal är du btw ? yes i know but wasn't implying that she was misstyped , just saying that her description there sounded like an isfp . oops , i meant her description sounded like an isfp , i meant ixxp . fail . both eu servers have terrible communities . but latency probably sucks on na . sounds like you're more of a inxp or am i the only one ? : shocked : i want entp friends ! who plays lol on euw ? any swedish entp's around here ? books ? yeah , i should have just served her one last meal causing gassy stomach only so i could sneak up at night and catch her farts pokemonstyle ( gotta catch em all ) . too much risk involved though . what ... i even put a huge lol meme to reinforce the lulz . yup , i never give out insincere compliments , the only exception would be sarcasm .. i gave my ex gf alot of compliments , like this one time : me : are you an angel ? ex : i dont know , am i ? ... i go full clown when im drunk . ( in a good way ofcourse ) i do . how exactly does this demisexuality work , like .. are you totally unable to feel any kind of physical attraction ? what if you see a naked scene in a movie or watch porn ? still nothing ? yeah , i think that adhd might be more common with extroverts . litterally every estp i've met in real life was either diagnosed or showed clear symptoms . when i think of autism / aspergers i see ... this one def . entp yeah . i mean ... costa rica .. yeah oh thats easy , germany ... or holland ... or brazil , or ... belgium or argentina i believe .. maybe colombia too idk . every autistic / semi autistic person i've met in real life was an intj except for one guy i believe was an intp , he wasn't a smug selfproclaimed genius like the intj's though . aren't most autistic ... said the intj . my parents are istp & infj , they hate eachother . why ? can't you just edit your post ? is he high ? well you're a 7 , what's that supposed to mean : shocked : you calling me a clown ? a magical fox ? hmm maybe , what powers do i have ? me : are you mad at me ? isfj : - nope me : ok so why ... i've never identified with unicorns , i think im more of a mixture between a monkey and a fox . yup , the isfj was super sweet and all but boring , supersensitive and extremely jealous . she would get ... i was with an isfj for a while and to be honest , i definitely felt like i had settled for less . she was nice and all but way to boring , way to clingy and way to sensitive .. i wonder what it'd be like ... you gotta master the art of real life trolling my friend . oh you were ? won't ever date an isfj again , trust me . i tried the img bbcode tag , but forgot to unlink the url and now i cant edit anyway ... i agree 100 % '