' so it started with me just reading the first sentence without looking at the answer choices , which was the right move apparently . but then after i picked my initial five i immediately distrusted my ... gonna break the fourth dimension with so much edge . if you were to make a man out of someone that is already a man , would you have a newman or a truman ? i can always put effort into tomorrow . man this would be a whole lot more interesting if people just walked around naked and wore their fanciest clothes only in the bedroom . are you going ... is the stuffing in it gluten-free ? quite the crescendo ? * insert some famous person * insert something vulgar #omg , so phresh , so phunny best question ever to ask a theoretical physicist . it's like poking them with a big mental stick . lol dae rocket ? <3 just me hanging out with my older sis lol the fact you had christmas decorations up terrified them more than any halloween ones ever could . it's the holiday where the most children are kidnapped / killed / poisoned , if that helps not much silence becomes deafening i'm already working on a series i've been putting off since forever , and classes don't end until december so i probably won't have the time sadly . i'd love to follow ...   perhaps look into the difference between focused and diffuse modes of thinking . focused vs . diffused mode | learning how to learn self-deprecating humor is a natural go-to for me , but the ease in which people take me seriously for it suggests that yes - they think i have low self-esteem . i'm also not nervous about meeting ... battery needs to be jumpstarted ? oh well the store's only 6 miles away anyhow ... i'm sorry , would you like an entire wall of links ? the point was to give you a sample of the evidence that is out there , rather than completely sway you . and only things prescribed by your health ... get shit on lots of people are giving some rich , detailed advice in this thread and it's made me realize how much of a lazy piece of shit i am when it comes to food . when you say eating cheaply , the thought ... i don't know the full scope of the relationship , but indeed she probably left as an act of self-preservation . maybe she was afraid you'd drag her down with you or ... i don't know . like i said , i don't ... joker had the same problem . how do you think he got that smile ? it's sort of like playing a game . it's almost always for pleasure ( unless actual literature ) , so i try to do other things instead of reading through the whole damn thing in a couple of sitdowns .  ... that's a pretty heavy amount to be starting off at , or for when you don't generally do it . it's no wonder you thought that . didn't he have an absurd amount of followers ? how is this anecdote ... the jamaican equivalent of american fodder ? it sounds nice , i guess . there's just a million others like it . what a lovely amount of bullshit . the point of meditation ( if there is ever to even be one ) is the cessation of mental chatter , which obviously would be just as relevant if not more to an ... who the fuck were your parents ? the middle east ? could i get a change to jetsune lobos over here ? my attraction towards you in the sexual department would be in surplus if you did , thank you 1 ) rapper ( bonus points for what the name of one of your songs or albums were ) mt ritz whipper , popular albums that scored outrageous success thus far have been : in between the holes spreadin ' ... lol . yeah , actually . people would talk about tasting the barrel and i didn't understand what the hell that meant so i always let the stuff pool around in my mouth while it violates my tongue . i also ... can we get this area fenced off pls ehh there's some truth in this but i can already tell it's going to be received the wrong way . so whenever you ask whether a movie was ' good ' or not , you're really only asking if the ... someone somewhere once said that you shouldn't even bother with philosophy until you've actually gone and experienced quite a few good things . i like it cause it means you don't have to dirty your ... i don't know , one's always talking about how it has the bigger schlong while the other is just slapping it around everywhere whether it even is or not . sure , 750 mg worth of caffeine tablets dissolved in my coffee every morning . i'm cutting back on sugar most def ! once you teach me how to do the sex salem's lot - stephen king / / we get it stephen , vampires can mean scary shit . now throw me your twist already so i can be done with you . the impossible lightness of being - milan kundera / / try ... blue moon brewing company - summer honey wheat what works on household plants tends to work on small children i find . x93he had heard about talking to plants in the early seventies , on radio four , and thought it was an excellent idea . although ... an effective liar ? maybe . but when it comes to wisely choosing what to lie about i'm not even playing in the goddamn tennis court . hey , what did you eat for breakfast ? oh ! some pancakes with ... most people who talk about talking to psychopaths , are not actually talking to psychopaths . they are talking to people who never moved past the infantile stage of neurosis where constantly ... when your mood for the day is dependent on whether or not you can think of something clever before the coffee finishes brewing . i always end up saying my thoughts out loud . otherwise i find my inner dialogue turn a shade too raunchy , trying to lull me into a sexual haze of the most unpleasant sorts that won't cease until i ... and now to perfect the art of existing like this without everybody thinking you're a manic depressive . cruel as that may have been ( yeah , and that shit disturbs me too - to the point of annoyance ) the creators found it necessary for that piece , and such is the freedom that is given in the realm of ... time of the month where random healthy habits are due for spawning , so yeah . the shallows by carr ( coz first names are for scrubs looll ) takes a step back and considers the long-term effects ... when you want to reach someone but you know physical distance isn't the problem . x93the trouble with having an open mind , of course , is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it . x94 - terry pratchett '