' i'm at the other end of the spectrum to where i can creepily remember anyone's name that i've ever heard before , not even formally met , just heard and associated with correctly somehow . after my birthday in three days , i plan to drop a few pounds and exercise early in the morning .. let's see if that happens . i play basketball in my driveway for like 45 minutes most days . i'm probably going to be exercising more when i'm at college either through going to classes or going to the gym for free or whatever . god the nt area would be quiet .. ... wouldn't it be , well this one time , at band camp , ? wait ... you just said you got into stanford and you're worried about paying off loans ? you're going to be bathing in cash after you graduate , not to mention they're one of the highest endowed ... i usually just contemplate my past and future decisions and it takes me forever to go to sleep , but hey killing people in your mind is cool , i guess ... u200bpsychopath . it should be noted that as you are our polar opposite , you are being hypnotized as we speak . prepare for brainwashing sequence in t-minus five minutes . no i speak in relatives ... oh brother , this is a motherlode of father time .. sisterhood ! but in all honesty , i never speak in absolutes unless someone is pissing me off and i need someone to do ... greetings earthling , i come in peace . benevolence why is this not the first time i've either heard about myself or another intp taking over the world at some point ? sometimes i wonder about how often people wonder about how people wonder about if other people understand them . > _ > now that it is has been no longer father's day for around 12 hours , i can confirm the fact that hallmark holidays are pretty stupid when all is said and done -> hay guise , letz go get sum cardz for ... i think it is funny that people are still unaware of the fact that just because someone is of the opposite sex , it doesn't mean that you are attracted to them sexually . obviously , in my case , some ... why does this thread still exist ? clearly , you can see what people talk about just by clicking your damn mouse and reading the pages of words on this site . one thing that pisses me off a lot in relation to being arrogant and having arguments is whenever i try to make a point , people always think that i'm an outrageously mad person . people think i'm so ... i like them , but when it's the same person putting you on the spot in front of people with a compliment , i just want to say : shut the fuck up , get off of my nootz , i'm not that great , thanks . i wish my school had geography classes . today is father's day , so i will be eating ... food ... and giving a card to my dad and shit like that . i also just pulled an unnecessary all-nighter , which means ... tell your dad to calm his fucking tits . they're just tv personalities being funny and displaying their opinions . if he doesn't like it , then he can say why nicely , explain himself , etc . actually this whole typing thing is a perfect example . in 7th grade , i typed faster than my keyboarding teacher by 15 words per minute , 108 to 93 , in case anyone was curious . finished all of the ... we'd all fight over all of our shit , and the world would fucking implode . thanks money ! salty .. mother-fucking .. triscuits . thank the gastronomical gods for lemonade . i'm usually one to read names and remember them when people post again , but your avatar is particularly different and memorable . i think it's pretty cool . :) ooooh , look at you , mr . rebellious intp . my avatar is a picture of red rocks , which is a concert amphitheater , tourist venue with a few hiking trails scattered around it . it's located in morrison , colorado which is around 45 minutes away ... i had to take iq-type tests to get into a gifted program . it took me until the end of 3rd grade ( you take them at the end of each grade ) to get into the program , only to find out that it was just ... being that it is now summer vacation , i am convinced that unless i garner a large amount of friends , or a deep chasm forms in mother earth anywhere near my current location , i will sit on my ass for ... i lurk reddit and 4chan , but tumblr is my # 1 place for laughs , talks and topics . ' twas pretty obvious you were lying , sir . i'll still take the autograph . ;) can i , by any chance , have your autograph ? personality types are srs bsnss ! but really .. v_v catcher in the rye , lord of the flies , and animal farm were the three required readings in high school i enjoyed . we didn't have to read 1984 for some reason , but i'm probably going to read it very ... huffington post . real shit , all day , every day . 1 . ability to mind read . 2 . immensely extended life span . 3 . general ability to be more social and acquire more friends . ignorant people who don't know anything about me and assume that they do . people with egos who form cliques to shy away from certain types of people and single out people who are different from those ... what do your physical abilities have to do with your personality and thought processes ? i played baseball for 12 years on many good teams , and trust me , your ability to play sports has nothing to do ... fair enough , i shall venture further into the depths of perc . wouldn't mbti as a whole just be one big sack of baloney then ? you seem to still be here though , so it must be working someway , somehow . : tongue : i can certainly relate to what you're experiencing . usually my dreams are a coagulation of things or people i think about a lot combined with a lot of non-sensical ideas that don't match up . when ... they want to know when our parents had coitus ... sneaky sneaky . > _ > july ... doing a little study here ? :P just make it known that you have interest in him by indicating mutual interests .. just cut to the chase .. please ! like most intps , i only clean when i get bitched at by people i know and like a lot or love , or when friends are coming over ... which is never ... because i have so few . this is where i sigh a lot and ... the girl that you can't tell if she would like you or not , the girl that stares blankly , but pensively into space . the girl that if you were acquainted with her would only talk to you in a state of ... you've just been schooled by the philosoraptor ! take notes ! my fears are failing at life , dying early , being severely lonely , and being hated by my family . physics has more of a mathy focus than biology . if you like math and formulas a lot , take physics . if you don't like the mathy focus , take biology . intps sometimes like confinement also . it simply ... i think a j does come out when i'm stressed . whenever i was in school this year worrying about a big test or lots of homework or turning in a project , i would always take my anger and stress out on ... but if it were tapioca , i would oh so rather stay in my room and watch two or more fellow intps bicker on the interwebz ... god damn tapioca . 1 . do you believe in god ? when i have reason to believe in him , sure . 2 . do you hate intj's like me ? some i can't stand , but then there are some ok ones . 3 . what is your greatest fear ? failing ... '