' 8 months have passed since i last took a visit to this page , and this thread still lives on ... i'm ... so ... proud ow and hello awww , well you always have a best-friend , you just have to look around and see him :) and then look at yourself and you'll know who is your best friend :D amen to that brother damn ... estp lady sorry dudes your on your own D: one word ... beware ... i just smiled for no reason :D im happy to see that the people around here have such good friends :D this is me ... she is me ... why ... what the fuck is going on around here i am so counfused right now o . o hey we are on the same level , but hey leave the j people alone ... i know that maybe you didnt meant to say something bad about js but eeeh , i have to always make sure that ... and i agree on what you ... respect ! ! ! hehe ... awesome ^ ^ hmm ... ahole personality type ? ... ok > . > ... i may i ask why ? i knoowww ! ! ! , i to have an estp female friend and we are like freakin clones o . o ... we even read each others mind sometimes exactly ! ! ! ... read rule nr 4 :P , i wanted to give everyone a chance at winning you can know you have a best-friend when ... lets saay ... you never were alone ^ ^ looks like i have no hater ... cool ^ ^ i know for sure that enfps love us :D i wont tell i promise ... only one more esfj , and the xesx group is complete ^ ^ you sir ... are slowly winning ... well ... hold your horses cowboy , dont jump straight to the ending ... to be dating an estp ... you will need a lot of redbull , and ecstasy .. ow cmon ... all of us being badass , doesnt mean we are all the same ... :P do it at your own risk ... 19682 plus 19683 hahahahhahahahaha ... who doesnt play that game ... its ok to lose ... even idiots have types ... we need an intj for this ... science test i talked yesteday with an estp female ... not sure , i feel like ive lost my verbal virginity :D 2 sisters estj - 12 years older then me estp - 10 years older then me estp-me ... living hell yeah ... its better for all of us this way , couldve been worse i have been trough something simmilar , my ex-best friend enfj - god , i spent almost all my child-hood with him , he was such a good friend , but like thats too good it has to change , we understanded ... i admire your friend :D she made me believe that i loved her with all my heart she pretended to share the same feelings in the end she just brought it in my face , saying it was a joke and that i should not get upset , ... you sir , are not discrete ... * feeling sad * rules : 1.first type the personality you think he has 2.support your assumption with ( tigerblood ) arguments ( may or not be logical in any way ) 3 . i will call the winning choice 4.this is ... wow , nice gang man ow and say hi to the fellow russion lover estp from an romanian estp counter-part umm , this is a message hehehe ... if that happened to me then i would never be sober and late for school to be honest paranoid ... i ussually use my loose-language for humor , :) but hell , better safe then sorry thank you for the heads-up , i will try and do my best on not making the same mistake , ow and i admit i never read the rules :) i will .. 2 istp ... wow a menage a trois in debates i must say , i think they are built for logical discussions man how i feel ya rofl , man i want to give you a tip of advice , an estp one , hope you count it ... start planning a roadtrip ( you for all of them ) , somewhere you guys allways wanted to be wanted to be , and always ... charlie sheen watching you lying in bed , in the tree next your window with an universal remote control ... * you change on a random channel while charlie sheen changes at the same time * you looking ... damn , with guys like that , how can you get bored ? bravo aelthwyn heh , what can you say to an esfp , they just party , and follow theyre heart :) ) wow , your life sounds amazing ... not that im gelous or anything , i love my life , but wow , you should be proud of you and the fact that you choosed the right people to live your life with bravo ... yeah ... but the question is , how do we act on different alcohool beverages ? ! ! ? ? ! wine-i become ... cool ... wisky-talkative ... tequila-like a boss beer - whatch out ladies , the alex is in ... owww ... sorry i missinterpeted your reply ... who sayd i aint moving :D i move my hands like a maniac when watching moovies , and walk around the house , ow and i never watch a ... yeah ... to much coffe and too much spare time i would say '