dreading going back to work on the 21st , really hope i have a new job to go to before then :/ chicken soup and bread . watching anime , playing sudoku and searching for a job :/ despicable me 3 . bitten by kelley armstrong . darth vader ( star wars ) sephiroth ( final fantasy ) doctor doom ( fantastic four ) carnage ( spiderman ) deathstroke ( dc universe ) envy ( fma ) gilgamesh ( fate / zero ) kirei kotomine ( fate / zero ) ... despicable me 3 ~ my bedside table or beside it ... hmm ... - phone + charger - lamp - lego darth vader clock - general grievous figurine - a blue folder with comic books and magazines in it - candle with a skull ... gloomy and windy . tiiired x___x ; ; * dies * rusters quarter pounder burger . subway cookies . watching anime , playing sudoku and drinking irn bru . bad neighbours 2 fairy tail attack on titan death note full metal alchemist : brotherhood darker than black soul eater baywatch ( 2017 ) a kiss of shadows by laurell k . hamilton . nope . from my experience they're useless and a bunch of liars . they lied about my ex having a restraining order and refused to put one on him despite constantly going to them over him attacking me ... baywatch . alien : covenant . sunny . but don't let that fool you , it's probably freezing outside . people keep telling me i act like a meerkat . i also act like a kitty every other time ~ nyahaha . sometimes , but not as often anymore : < * le awesomeness has dimmed * crap . work tomorrow and i hate that place . gahhh . > < it's been only two weeks and i want out . sage and onion chicken ~ watching anime , eating lunch and playing sudoku . multitasking ~ i got an ibizan hound . i don't know how i feel about that . it sounds cool buuut . summer . i just can't take or handle the cold , which is the main temperature in england > < and the less rain the better , but thats all we get here too . rice crispy double chocolate squares ~ watching anime and drinking vodka ~ terrible . been crying on and off all day . ugh . maaany of them , including the darren shan saga . can't list all of them since i can't remember exactly xd guardian's of the galaxy vol . 2 . baby groot <3 3 a kiss of shadows by laurell k . hamilton . ugh . well , i work in a call center and i fecking well hate my job . i mean , it was fine up until a few weeks ago , i had a different job working for tv licensing , but because they were making people ... guardians of the galaxy 2 , last saturday . sunny and warm for once : 3 apparently my smile x__x my accent too , people apparently find it to be very irish and almost child-like and angelic for whatever reason - mostly customers give me those remarks as i do a phone based ... pads . i think i considered using a tampon at one point but ... ehhh , looked complicated when i opened the packaging and ... well , don't like shoving too many things into certain places xd gengar ! always has a special place in my heart <3 i also rather like banette and cloyster too : 3 sage and onion chicken ~ i'm alright , kinda annoyed that my sister is still in the house ( * chucks her into the rubbish where she belongs * ) and rather missing my boyfriend as we spend most days together . fairly alright ... watching anime and texting my boyfriend : 3 beauty and the beast ( 2017 ) hannibal rising by thomas harris . not really , but then it's a good thing that my mother does this and not me xd . occasionally though she'll send me to the shop to buy a few odd things but the only problem is usually searching for the ... hungry and very very very tired . : < i am good ! relieved to not be working today and to have so many holiday days off in a row is such a great thing <3 watching anime while waiting for my boyfriend to turn up : > cookies .