' classic intj humor right there , folks . xd social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either overwhelming , because of my astute awareness of what lies ... i've only met a couple enfjs but they're nice <3 supposedly , the e part brings infps out of their shells , and the j sort of stabilizes them , but they still have the nf which makes them similar ... i second the word thing ! here are some n-questions i ponder : how was the first computer programmed ? how did people decide on words ? how was milk discovered ? ? ? ( hey i mean , if you like ... nfs are really misunderstood in the outside world but we make up for it by being the majority on here <3 there are some types i know about .. like , istjs and estjs and infps and isfjs and enfps ... yes . one time , i was at youth group ( omg it was a terrible experience ) and someone was reading the group's assignment . it said something like assess the needs of the group yadda-yadda but this ... sixes triggers to becoming self-aware of your blind spots when you feel anxious about things , think back on how you have in the past worried needlessly about calamities which never ... wait . they laugh ? [ i kid . ] i was expecting to click on this and see something like the answer is : yes ! click this link to see how i make $ 2,000 a month online : [ insert suspicious bit.ly link here ] i have a patchouli problem . i'm really into aromatherapy and i use it for * everything * ... i make my own toothpaste with coconut oil and baking soda and some peppermint oil , i make my own deodorant ... i think it's important to remember that there are , what ... 7,000 , 000,000 people in the world or some other crazy number , and only 16 mbti types . but , now that i know i'm an infp , it's not so much ... the infp's cognitive functions go fi-ne-si-te . if you divide it into two words , it becomes fine site . i remember the infp functions because infp's are a fine sight to behold <3 thinking = logic , objective , truth , consistency feeling = emotions , subjective , morals , personal values entps are quite different from enfps . estps are very different from enfps . i have a ... being selfless vs . selfish has nothing to do with f or t . just to clarify ;) mbti is more meant for neutral personality traits than negative or positive things like being selfish , or being ... marina ! <3 as to s / n or f / t ... are you more concrete , what's here , what is ( s ) or do you look more into possibilities , abstract things ( n ) ? do you make patterns in your mind ( n ) or do you ... this infp is from a world where everything is tilted to the right ! : wink : you're so awkward ! ... wowww illogical . : wink : i definitely jive with the tribe shaman thing jerseydevil here's an infp i bet we all know : i probably have insomnia , or something .. i think . the problem is , i'm never tired at night , but when i wake up ... no matter how much sleep i got , even if i got 10 hours of sleep , i'm always super ... definitely awkward , lol . i get called awkward a lot , almost as much as i get called weird : i yeah ... nothing . post it online , and then post that link as an image . i use imgur for that ;) this way , when you post the picture using your imgur link , it shows up reaaal big ! sometimes obnoxiously big ... so ... you don't have to be anything ;) i don't use makeup , but i have three sisters , so i know a little bit about what colors would look good on you ... try natural , earthy colors with kind of a warm feeling to them , and maybe shy away ... intp ! intruder alert ! intruder alert ! <3 on a good day , like louis from one direction minus the absurdly bright-colored pants & denim overalls . i usually just wear a colored t-shirt and a pair of jeans . and underwear . my skin looks super white there . but so do my teeth ( compared to how they usually look ) . and that's always a plus . patchouli and sandalwood mixed . healthy treats , like paleo-friendly muffins baking ... herbal tea , too . coffee . coffee smells good with anything , honestly . also , the smell when i open the ... i saw this picture on the infp p * coughcough * * ahem * rn thread of someone taking a bath in the forest and it looks so peaceful now i want a bath in the forest : with herbs and candles and a cup ... most anything by marina & the diamonds or kerli . kerli's song zero gravity resonates with me and one of her leaked songs called legends really uplifts me . it's like .. a dubstep war anthem ... 1 . the one with the kind eyes , of course ~ i read some user's comments about needing cold eyes if they have a logical problem that needs solving , i guess i can agree with that ... too bad i don't know ... you can message me ! good luck ~ xo i always go for the eyes first , too . i love the way they look , but besides , they are the easiest way to tell how someone feels about a subject . i'm usually on the receiving end of conversations , so ... why can't frogs just .. not eat mosquitoes ? like ... why don't we tell the frogs that mosquitoes cause std ( shortened tongue syndrome ) ? or maybe that mosquitoes have too many calories ? why don't we ... tobuscus - enfp update .. i took the 16 - type personality quiz , and it said enfp , but it's bugging me because i know it's only because i'm unsure : laughing : so . i know , i know , whenever someone makes a post like this , they get comments like , we need more information ! well , i don't know what kind of information to give , soo .. o_o i read this ... me : moody , quiet , weird infp father : selfish , slightly overbearing , but well-meaning esfp mother : kinda obsessive , tries hard to please my dad and takes her anger out on the kids , but a loving ... i feel like this is how i'll be in the future . xd america ! ! ! just kidding . america is estj domain . everybody is an estj here ! let's all move to a nice , cloudy mountain in china , where we'll silently sip tea ( hand-picked by us , of ... donuts > doughnuts the > represents my mouth , which is obviously opened towards the donuts , and not the doughnuts . i have a really quiet , but high voice . it has kind of a nasal tone . it sounds like if you took the stereotypical gay voice and made it really quiet . when i call my mom while she's at work , the ... and we daaance , and we laaaugh , and we touch-touch-touch-touch ! you get turned on by god ? to answer your question ... yes . * fruitlessly attempts to thank this post twice * infp genres : - alternative - electronica - electropop - eurodance - pop not sure . a biiig bookstore . just look for where belle from , beauty and the beast is going - she has good infp-senses : happy : off-topic , but i'm an infp , and i totally relate to the enp . something somewhere triggered that e-to-i change .. too much love is dead ? : kitteh : lol '