' thanks ... phew , for me , when i first read it - - - abuse came to mind , but i wasn't sure if i was over-reacting . glad that i didn't mention it to them . shapeshifting . by about a million points . eat whatever i want ... free clothes ... fly .. all possible with shapeshifting lol and i don't want to go further on how , but am interested in your thoughts , what does it mean ? what should i do ? when you talk stories , i have memories . when you joke it cuts me ; rips into my soul ... totally ! i think for me the problem is people have to push me pretty far to get me to confront them about it , so when i do i'm crystallized on my grievances ... my youth pastor said once said that i ... sorry hikari , it must be so frustrating to have a barrier like that . have you spoken to jess about it ? i would recommend you do this before anything else , maybe she can give you a different ... i plan on getting a bird behind my ear ^ ^ trying to decide if i want to get it before i'm 21 or on my birthday . i used to worry about regretting getting a tat but i think it's more realistic that ... i think it helps when you pair up your myers briggs type with your enneagram type . infjs are commonly number 4s on the enneagram ; the romantic , and with that combination your pretty much guaranteed ... show me an adorable craft some older stuff ... i like extreme sports ( snow boarding , white water kayaking etc ) and beautiful views , but the just the thought of a rave makes me tired ... lazer strike is super fun though lol . i think it's out of ... show me your love . i guess it depends on how you define committed ... law of human nature and moral code etc . i was being specific to one person rather than all entps though . ' surely a close friend doesn't need ... this sounds more like an emotional issue than a financial one . getting revenge won't make you feel any better , if anything it's more likely to just leave you feeling empty . this is a horrible ... that sucks , sorry dave . * in primary , i was a popular goody-good ... in intermediate i was an over-confident little beep in high school i wagged school all the time and lost my work ethic . but ... ... i did zumba xd art therapist :) it's what i'm working towards at uni atm . i also worked as a chocolate tester . that was pretty dreamtastic but lacked relationship . what do you guys actually plan on being ? i can totally relate to the whole feeling like you don't really belong so when you do make a deep connection with someone it's extra special cause it's quite rare for you thing . in terms of ... wow you guys are fascinating , love how you're all so logical and respectful n_n it's true , but according to christianity , god trusts us . we all have a moral code , and this same intuitive ... well , my friend always has guys chasing after her ( she's a complete babe on top of being an entp ... bitch lol ) but i don't think this is a very good thing . cause she's so impulsive she's had heaps of ... lol such a good summary . my best friend is an entp , and it's the deepest friendship i have ... she makes me laugh more than anyone and then suddenly we'll be discussing politics and history . we both feel like we can truly be ... where to start ? :) fuck the media , for making people think they should act like a slut and look like a barbie fuck my personality for screwing me over i don't really get angry but today i ... i know what you mean ... i a lot of the time we don't realize that we are using it though , because it's just second nature . like , when someone's talking about a relationship , and you know that's ... i think with stuff like this the enneagram comes in nicely . most infjs are number 4 , the romantic ( pretty much melancholic with the four temperaments ) and so generally if the two ( infj , 4 ) come ... then one day , raj and dsv 2e became best friends n_n oo i can help out with that , i'm know wayy more about enneagram than myers briggs ( less types to remember lol ) i'm a 9w1 , generally 4s are more popular in infjs .. one of my close friends is an ... i eat my cereal out of a mug , even at friends places n_n nice post :) your humility won me over . i can sooo relate to i actually thought that i was more introverted than i was , and i was lonely all the time . it's only in the last couple of months that ... hello friend :) first of all , thanks for clicking on this thread ! so , in the tests i've taken i've generally come out infj , and i / liked / the description of them so i decided that was me . however ... but yazuka's are a notorious gang . i can't help thinking of what it stands for , which makes it ugly to me . when you say gauges , do you mean all of them or just the massive ones ? i've got 9mm so ... hey , i'm super happy that life is going well for you :D it's great that you want to help out your fellow infj , but you sounded a bit patronizing which personally made me want to write you off . as an ... wow you have a really good schedule : o mine goes something like this 8.00 alarm goes off . visualize what i should wear 8.30 get up , put on outfit 8.40 change outfit x2 , look for missing laundry ... i am the girl that goes under the radar . that's so cool :D yeah the only downer is when you have a really clear idea of what you want but no one is selling it second hand . haha i know what you mean , i've always thought it's cause of my ... show me britain . as one of my friends put it ' its not stalking ! its getting rid of information asymmetry ' i think it's partly personality and partly technology . i reckon it's a lot more common than you'd think , ... i have a 9mm stretched ear , and am planning to get a bird tattoo behind my ear , but only subtle stuff . i'm a big fan of it on guys ( and dreads n_n ) but for me there's a fine line for girls . i made a resolution this year to not buy any first hand clothes ( to stop supporting slave labour ) and now i buy second hand clothes all the time , i get sick of clothes way too fast and have run out ... hello :) in nz most students don't live on campus , including me , but thought i'd still do my best to help . 1 . what were the most positive experiences during your time as a student ? being able to ... i really like the enneagram made easy ( renee baron and elizabeth wagele ); it's a clear ( and funny ) overview of the types , wings , where they go in stress , the centers , and a bit on myers briggs . the ... sounds like your at a stage where the kids are particularly demanding ! well , on the enneagram i am a nine , and in stress nines become ' self-forgetting ' and lose their agenda to others , which can ... the problem with the internet is you can't tell when someones just being facetious . almost any , not so much the infj nah infjs are celibate xd don't worry i'm not judging i'm just amused at the way you guys talk n_n why couldn't you just respect her wishes ? or talk to her about it and find out why she didn't want you to in the first place ? ... entps . this is spot on . they can have truth in them but you can always be the exception to the rule . i think it was wise of you to politely remove yourself from a rather toxic situation , especially after hearing about her not so graceful response . i've met a few people like this in different times ... the exact thing has happened to me with my mum ... only family members get to see me angry n_n ' ' the rest just get to experience a mild feeling of disapproval . i drink but don't get drunk , and i won't go near drugs . whenever people ask / offer i say i find it tacky . i don't actually think marijuana on it's own is that bad , but it's like that quote if we ... i just think of indie kids to be honest . that jesus is creepy as ! lol '