' bump from the past , the functions i use ( in no specific order ) si , te , ne , fi , i believe i deffinately ne is one of my first or second . si , connecting new data to old data , if i hear music and it ... emotionally you are not as fun as before   ! put everything that you consider beautiful , no lyrics aggieb , i am sure everyone wants to be accepted , the main question is , do you feel uncomfortable that people might not accept you ? is it the fear of not being accepted , do you think that people are ... i am curious of how many of you truly believe you could do without school , like you have a plan even if its not on the right side of the law to get by ? i truly believe that school is a waste of ... intp , excellent , your attempt at a mind fuck has been thwarted by nt security , please exit to the left . anyhow welcome to the forum , noticed you created an account , and this is your first post , ... xavier i sometimes don't even finish a movie , ill be like okay time to watch another show , it's just that i get bored of the feeling it gives me , and i want to go experience something else . i bet you ... lucid dreaming , look it up yep thats enfp for ya , alright see ya around infj no , dont google , watch it . your very interesting , like that girl from silver lining playbook and why do you have entp's in your basement , seems like you lost a entp in your life , and you are trying to lock them all up to see which one is the most familiar to you imo . yeah i could tell your little cute , oh look how cute i am was a ploy to get me to watch the video , very wrong infj . not sure , am enfp . you lurker , you . win an argument with an entp , that is the only reason entps argue , just to be right . umm ... well that was interesting , you got the little * self expressions * in there , oh how cute . but i think you misunderstood the entp , i don't think the entp is well behaved , i think he just knows ... so i took a personality test , and multiple times , i am always almost 50-50 on both sides , the only one i wasn't 50-50 so much on was extravert introvert extravert 63 % introvert 37 % sensing ... > > do you feel that there are universal moral values but that they can differ between individuals > > and i like to break it downi also agree with the whole not caring about anyone but a few close ... enfp ready for bromance what about , cannot maintain a sleep schedule and it constantly shifts , anyone else with me on this ? op i think i am bipolar too , or atleast my self analysis of my problems has lead me to believe that i might be , well maybe thats an entp think we have a bunch of problems , however im not trying to ... haha ! alright see ya around buddy , keep doing what you infj's do ! haha no , but ill tell ya what , there is this girl who touched my ass and then she pretends not do it , and pretends not to like me , and is a total bitch , and then deffinately evoked some emotional ... : o thats mean ! my nose is messed up a little bit , but my head too ! my insecurities are taking over ! haha i remember i used to do prank calls and stuff , and i had this idol prank caller watch this you have now begun the friend process with json dewy , i have a question for you , a couple of guys were up to no good , now who start making trouble in the neighborhood ? like i can tell when people are intimidated , scared . by internal value system , what do you mean , like what we think is right / wrong ? i don't really have that , like i think everyone is different and ... i just think of how people could of fooled me , and i remember those subtle things like certain facial reactions , body movements , tone of voice , maybe thats an enfp thing ? i did a test and i was extravert , for s / n i was 50-50 , believe it or not i am almost 50-50 on all of them , i am like every single personality type in one , ha ! how is it for the life of an entp , well atleast me personally , i am constantly chasing freedom , not sure if you get what i mean , but constantly starting new projects / jobs , in a way to make money for ... so i all heard you love entps , and im like enfp / entp one or the other , maybe both , maybe i have dual personalities and i can switch between them . any questions for the entp ? i remember i would always think there was something wrong with me and id google it , but i learned that its just my head playing games with me , its like i was always afraid to die , then i just learned ... lol infj , i think i hate you all when i thought partner i immediately thought , shit entp doesn't work well with partners , i mean they would like to have a partner that was as smart as them , but they end up being their only partner , ... haha , yeah i see myself both as the entp and the enfp , it's like i fit into the wild crazy side of the enfp but the logical thinking side of the entp . hello enfp , how do you do ( i will use these parenthesis in order to give you my thought process ) ex ( so now i am thinking you will all see this cause its bold ) 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the ... well i could probably never do that in depth stuff , i am just a practical programmer . i used thenewboston too , however , for a programming language like c + + , you should use books . the language is far more complicated and has a lot more information than your everyday language , don't ... once you learn the logic of a programming language , you can learn any language you want , i start with c + + when i was 13 , so i can pretty much learn any other language . assembly was fun , but i had ... i liked programming in c + + more than i do web development , here i have to test everything in 20 different browsers , where with c + + , i compile it , test it , and it's good to go . and with web ... yeah i use assembly esp . when im trying to exploit shit ;) ( malicious me lol ) used to work on viruses and shit for win 32 with c + + and and inline assembly , but yeah . nice list lol i thought i would post this inside here because i have a feeling that more of you , than not , are programmers ( since we're on a forum ) . i myself am a programmer and i have a pretty indepth ... when you start one project , then another , then another , and finish none . sounds like the truth , but dont worry in a couple weeks or months you will forget about them and come up with something new . '