' cats : 3 though i wouldn't mind a husky . recipes . since i can't very well collect food ... directed more to those who's experiencing depression : life isn't as bad as it seemed after all . oh , oh wow , thank you for taking your time replying my post . and such a great post too , i'm archiving it <3 i have to ask : did you buy a scratchie afterward ? i'm curious , will these advices work for men ? oh and to answer the thread : me neither ... : x by myself . maybe it's just my luck , but almost every single group work i was assigned to when i was in both high school and university i got paired up with selfish lazy people ... and ended up doing ... at the very least , start liking chocolate again :] i'm also on a diet right now , and i find that i'm starting to get used to idea of eating only what i need . i've always loved food however , ... i just picture myself throwing those distracting thoughts sideways . and for some reason that helps . _ . i'm hoping to , right now i'm just taking it slowly one at a time starting by building my confidence , getting used to communicating with other people etc . one step at a time i guess . here i can ... i can only think of serving half cooked chicken on the top of my head ... does that count as evil ? found it ! i'll pm you the link , it might be worth a read . ( as soon as i figure out how to copy paste on tablet ... ) oh god , one position i truly truly hate . well there will be 3 things that i'd do in this situation . 1 . apologize like my whole life depends on it , even if the fault isn't entirely mine . i don't ... we're inseparable . i don't mind adverbs , even i use one or two every now and then . i use them because sometimes the words do flow beautifully , like this one for example :p just don't use them like the world's going ... that sounds nice . maybe an internship or two will pop next year , but i've actually never heard of its existence ( or i might've missed them all ) . one i hear often is the exchange program which allows ... thankee :D delicious chocolate cake ^ ^ this seems like a rare line of work , i've never met anyone with this job or anyone around me wanting to become one yet here i am aspiring to become one . english-japanese by the way . but i'm not ... how about is the cake a lie ? coincidentally i'm planning to bake a moist gooey chocolate cake with extra chocolate sauce tomorrow . ( don't you dare mention that dreaded c-word ) my question ... a season where food's aplenty , of course . and tastes so much better too . too . much . japanese . ( test in dec , wish me luck , please ? : 3 ) i agree , now that i need to enter the working environment , i know how valuable money is but if i am to make it the sole purpose of life , then it'd seem like a dry sad life to me ... it's just , i ... doesn't seem like you're only in this regard :) i too used to be quite the extrovert when i was still a kid . well sometimes i do miss those days where i didn ' think too much of what others thought of ... i don't mind receiving calls , but you'll have to drag me through hell and back to force me calling a number i'm not familiar with . ( blatant exaggeration ) if there's text message or e-mail option ... dear person , if i can be granted one wish , i'd wish that we had met under different circumstances . i love you , but of course i can't say that to you directly . if only , if only ... of course , i'm always in the best of moods whenever it rains . it's especially beautiful when it drizzles at twilight with the sun setting on the distance . now it hasn't rained for ages ... : < lately i've been exercising regularly , three times to the gym a week . i decided that i've had enough being obese and shredding all these extra kilos . i used to be really lazy when it comes to ... hmm ? is this article really talking about infps ? i can't relate myself to most of what this article is saying . compensating with more reading and listening i can relate to , but if someone ... i'm the only infp i ever know of , it gets kinda lonely sometimes ; ^ ; but then i came to perc and boom infps as far as the eyes can see . which world do i live in again ? oh right , both . i had contemplated suicide and did attempt once . it was because i thought i failed all my family's and society's expectations by being homosexual . but here i am now , alive and kicking . ( no , not ... welcome :D hey there , and welcome . infps are like a flood here , and it is awesome ! ( aha ) thanks and nice rhyme , though i don't exactly get what it means :p about a boat or something ? this thread has really taken a turn in ... depth . that was honestly a really awesome debate by infpblog and listener . it is nice to see more views of life you two bring out . unfortunately i ... ahaha , that just completed my day . and inadvertently you just gave yourself an answer : add another sentence to what other people are saying . i didn't recall that last sentence of the first line ... thank goodness , caps locks scare me , a lot > < good question , i don't know the answer . it depends on who i'm talking to and what the general mood is . more often than not , it just comes naturally . i guess the only advice i can give you is , ... i'm really not sure whether you're joking with this or you're seriously upset , i can't hear intonation through written words . if i offend you , i'm really sorry , i didn't mean it that way . i had a ... a picture is worth a thousand words , so this should sum up my feeling quite well --> o_o ; as hilarious as it'd be , no i'm not going to try it xd phillip pullman was my favorite author when i was in high school . i read all of the his dark materials over and over again the library lady even remembered that particular book ( ' the subtle knife ' , ... i feel for you , i had a bunch of people i used to have fun chatting with just vanish one day . nothing i can do but move on i guess , such is life , so ephemeral : < when it comes to romantic ... thank you :) oops , i worded that part wrong . that does sound like there's nothing wrong . _ . i mentioned watching tv probably because i happened to use my laptop in his room yesterday and he was watching the ... hello , i figure this would be the best place to put this thread in , hopefully you guys can shed some light on the issue . my father is an estp , but i'm an infp . needless to say , we don't really ... heya littlebird , nice poem there . i can sort of identify myself a bit :p have a good time here , i'm new as well and already am having a great time :D hehe , hey molly . i'm new here as well , and being involved here is the best thing that ever happened in my forum-ing life . ( which is to say , there isn't much in the first place :p ) hope you too ... big post coming , thankfully it won't be a wall of text , i like my paragraphs . i'm a bit like you too , i like meeting new people , i like talking to new people , but i always get anxious when it ... oh haha , that was a good laugh , thanks lad . ( i feel like an old man somewhat saying that ) you're right though , i'm more comfortable talking to women . but i still lack the skills to keep in contact ... i used to be , but now i'm absorbed with lparchive . needless to say i browsed the games tropes , of course . oh , and touhou too :p '