' i love being with someone thats the same type as me , we connect better .. i don't understand why people say they don't like it . what pisses me off is how mean people are these days . they honestly don't care about you . i do that rarely , i'm not always difficult for no reason , usually its because i've been really nice to a person and they've been nothing but mean to me then i might get difficult . don't always assume that we are the quiet shy one's . take the time to listen to us and understand us , we are more than what you think . i love art .. i can't draw but i just feel like i have to do it . i love judging art work and figuring out why the artist would draw that . i love writing as well .. i think its a good way to express ... i feel like i can come off as boring but its just me being afraid of saying something stupid . i have made friends and connections in very weird ways . for an example if im working with someone i'll ... i think divorce shouldn't happen because you married that person for a reason .. im sure you guys can work out whatever is causing you to feel like you wanna be apart permanently . i think if divorce ... well of course we are going to have trouble adjusting to something so new like that . you have to train your brain to think differently and sometimes thats difficult . i have had experiences like that ... i love musicals soo much , one of my favorite musicals is hairspray . i think that is one of the cutest musicals . i love musicals ... they bring a different taste to movies .. its more eye catching and ... my genre would be pop because i love pop its so bubbly like me . i think the video is kind of sad.when i heard the song i thought the video would be more sexual for some reason . it was sort of dark and scary . i think any music without words is very soothing . my friend type : smart funny quiet shy weird nice caring loves poetry loves art my partner is an infp just like me .. we are like twins .. we get along with each other as well .. there is no one i'd rather be with . pass yourself off as either one or whichever one u like the most right now , don't stress yourself out .. once you find out more about yourself you will discover your personality . other people can't ... i think our biggest issue is like keeping the planet clean . pollution and things like that are huge problems with us right now . i feel like going to school is such a struggle . i feel like when i go into the building i have to change or something . i hate every minute of being at school . sometimes i feel like im holding my ... i hate it when my lover tells me im beautiful all the time ... when at the same time thats all i want to be called . it's a very bittersweet thing because whenever he says it there's a part of me that ... i am a little bit afraid but i'm more not afraid than afraid . im a bit of both .. love waking up early ... love staying up late i don't respond to my friends because most of the time i just don't want to . sometimes when they call me i do feel bad and answer the phone but two seconds into the conversation i'm wishing i never ... i think life is good it comes with such wonderful things . of course your going to have to have those scary things but that shouldn't stop you from living . if you live your life well you wouldn't have ... places you would find me : my room at a park on the bench by the lake sitting alone somewhere over the rainbow places you wouldn't find me : in a crowd of people at a parade outside during a ... im thankful for : my life my religion my family my friends the love of my life food a roof over my head my knowledge - i am the one who looks normal but who totally isn't - i am the one who daydreams into another world - i am the one who laughs on the inside but looks serious on the outside - i am the one who ... i think hands are attractive .. i have a hand fetish . mines are : roses the love of my life my bedroom me apple pie food in general i'm not afraid of falling in love at all ... i learned that it takes a few heartbreaks to find the main love of your life . i think people should because it's a good way to express yourself and to lets others see your intrest in music . in the middle of sitting with a bunch of people i yell weee ! i do that quite often :P i'm affectionate but i'm very picky about it . i don't just randomly go up to anyone and hug them . i'm only affectionate to those i know closely and care about . my mood : playful why ? : because i feel like joking around and being silly right now . i have a few little ocd traits i guess you could say ... i always shake my curtains out before i sleep or else i'll feel like someone's watching me . i always close my closet door at night time . at ... i like staying up late , to me thats like the quietest time to get things done . i like listening to music , not having to worry about nothing at night . of course most would be depressed . lots of people get depressed you know . lil wayne eminem drake my story title would be : the ups and downs of a teenage girl i don't think she is a hermaphrodite .. i think if she was everyone would know by now . i think some immature person made it up . sarcastic :P i love cats sooo much ! i like winter because it makes me feel like i'm dreaming . it gives me time to fantasize and think . i always wanted to help people ... i never really knew what job in particular . i see a infp like this : fc02.deviantart.net/fs40/f/2009/054/5/5/infp__the_healer_id_by_thescarletsky.jpg im constantly smiling like this > > > : laughing : without realizing it . no wonder people look at me weird .. i like all my skinny jeans ... graphic tee's ... shoes ... and most importantly my jewelery . don't try and go into a relationship just because .. it could seem like your single for a long time but relationships take a long time to develop . if you like someone try dating them first and soon you ... this has never happened to me but maybe she's highly jealous of you . she probably just wants to annoy you or make you like her . i don't know , people are very weird these days . i have no idea how to ... you'll just know when that person's always been there .. never was mean to you and all that good stuff . you can have as many best friends as you want . it's different for everyone though .. you'll just ... don't think about hurting yourself , , , i know thats how you feel now but trust me it's not even worth it . try to calm down and think of what would happen if you weren't here . '