' just remember , if you believe things happen for a reason ( action ) . things also happen because of no action . not choosing something is a choice . i think the world would be much better off if ... that one of the viewpoints is false . and bad for our world oops .. read as what be glad if you had stj parents - they prepared you for real world .. enfp types just cuddle you and then you are too afraid to go on your own if you stay around too late . you really going to let her get away with the mother of all cop outs ? psychics and alternative healing are either bullshit ... or they are not . there is no in between . and since none had been ... enjoy working for us . actually this sentence is the only illogical thing here .. there is no love - it's hormones and oxycontin in your brain . but that doesn't mean you can't feel good and create pretty pictures for you ... yep .. you're screwed ! ;p i noticed i become less sensitive as i think more .. for example i'd try to get to know almost everyone when i meet them , and get to the deep level with them ( enfp trait ) now i want to get to ... i think intj's win at everything except love . anyone have proof otherwise ? it's like love not with your heart , but your mind sort of thing hahahaha , i almost fell to the floor when i read her reply . yep , this world is fucked . crystall , read the thread .. people who would rather be lied to then shown the truth are the reason why ... look i came from where you are now .. free love for everyone . here is the deal - i don't care if my cab driver is a great musician , if he can't drive the fucking car . get it ? i give all people a ... i grew up in a culture that is heavily influenced by the belief in supernatural . but even as a kid i knew - no proof , no good . so i don't believe in any of the ghosts / bs i will agree with pmj on one thing - if you start watching the world through the rational lenses .. it suddenly sucks in a lot of ways , because there are a lot of stupid and worthless people . also , i think i got it brother .. we as human would be wise to use rationality at all times , however due to what us humans do a lot - we can't . and that thing is thinking - we think a million ... i think you just found the origin of narcissism ( the plague of america , look it up in your reality tv guide ) - people who are ( unfortunately ) rarely told hey fucko , get a job and contribute to ... here is the problem - this world is not rational , and neither are people . i can go do a completely dangerous irrational thing ( survival wise .. like talking shit to a huge guy ) because of an ulterior ... do you see how limited you are in your view ? your points are not good arguments , they are just echos of statistics .. which is ok for coin flipping but not good for when something really complicated ... when it comes right down to it , truth is pretty much truthiness . truthiness is a quality of knowledge assigned on the basis of intuition or instinct - ` ` from the gut ' ' - instead of on the basis of ... i asked if one can change the type and never got an answer . i think the breakdown is right side vs left side of the brain . whichever one you choose to use more is what you are going to become ... ok nm i thought of one - gambling . people say never leave a hot table and some even go if you sit down and it doesn't go , get up i've seen this in practice , wonder if you can tackle it . i ... yep , stuff i am reading right now makes this exact point , and refutes each one . here i'll save you a lot of time convincing others .. enjoy starts at the beginning and goes right to the end . ... nm , what do you think gives way to so many people still caught up in spirituality and such ? religion ? that's where i'd start personally . sort of like man , may be i am not religious , but may be ... what were you arguing , let's argue . i'll even start - is life all just probability , and when something really unlikely happens since we can't explain it we have to use spirits and gods ? can ... how do i become entj , i think enfp is too soft for me i hope so , but here is the problem about gut feelings and going by feelings in general : we don't know which ones are right ( happen ) or not ( do not happen ) . and if they do not happen and we believe we ... i am getting at my all time point that everyone can benefit from logic and harsh reality , because unless they are incredibly lucky and blessed with great people who can support them ( financially too ) ... i am reading stuff that explains why we have gods and religions .. and shamans and everything else . short answer - because our monkey brains back at the time of the early humans didn't have the ... i had a huge moment of clarity lately , and now understand both logical and perceptive positions . i have to say i am inclined to go with the former , however gives the vast amounts of people ... yup ... i assume you mean psychologically and not literally . it is very interesting that enfps are indeed throwing logic out the window and go with the feeling to introduce causality where simple ... something being a few standard deviations from the mean probability is not enough for you to assume causality ? one day when i was 7 i woke up and the first thing i said was my grandma has died . turned out she did that halfway across europe . you tell me . don't bite too hard ! just the right amount :) bellsouth i'll do what i can ... some people are afraid of heights . roflmao ! [ / quote ] well ... sure i've been told i am gifted down there , but that's why she can lean in and kiss me to ease ... please teach other women how to do this right ! ! ! you are hilarious . you are funny . what ? that makes no sense i've learned over the past year - if you think you need to be somewhere else .. you need to buy the ticket . if you don't like something , there is always a way to change it back in life . don't get ... look at your earlier posts in this thread , i could be wrong but to me it seemed like you want to have money but don't like people who you have to deal with ( in your own words ) when it comes to ... you are still operating in the theoretical . entertainment industry is one of the hardest , how many waiters are there in la ? being told you are great doesn't really mean much if you don't do anything ... i think that's my point - we think we can do it all ... but when it comes to doing reality is often a different story . they say if getting $ $ was easy everyone would be rich .. well , if anyone of ... thank you , i couldn't say it because obviously it would be taken the wrong way again . i agree with your post above , when motivated my energy explodes and i can dive in strong , following through on ... i thought it would be woof ! :) stalin - look i see that you are a bright guy , but if you can see through me i can say i can see through you .. whatever it is that fucked up your idea ... stalin what do you smoke before you post ? your sarcastic holier than thou shit is not working with me , i know another guy who is just like that ... he too wishes he was doing better things you are pretty close ... but way off . on everything but first 3 sentences , which is just rationalizing responsibility for ones actions . you'll start early and young ? start what ? how old are you ? ... yes .. after discussing this with someone who is a thinker and doer we agreed that the goal is to take strengths and exploit them combining them with your talent .. and work on weaknesses diligently to ... and i lived in a tiny studio with a friend and was ok and i lived in a half a million dollar place and was ok - all things being equal friends parents fun ... those who have the means can allow more ... go do your thing , but for those of us who feel like we want to accomplish things on a mass scale and hence make bigger money as an extension .. thats what we are talking about . thank you ! thats why i put the criteria up .. how many of those judging are really making money ? i mean 40k when you have a family is still difficult . and i want to be around my kids when i have ... you are balanced , thats what we are looking for , i am looking for balance and all the things you wrote , plus freedom that comes from having enough in the bank to not work for 5 years if i don't want ... that is an interesting way of looking at it , i think it's a bit broad because some of the value some of the workers provide is really just office fodder - can and will be replaced or fired as soon ... maser is a stylish car , so is db9 , some people must have the speed , they put twin turbos and get over 1000 hp , different folks different storkes i think you have good taste in yours , but as time goes ... '