' yea , i got up enough courage to ask him about that , and he said that was the reason . i guess its because when he does say ookay , its about the subject we are talking about , and that's when i try to ... i'm just scared that i will lose him . i really do love him , i just don't want to become obsessed with him , because that in my opinion would be a major turnoff . and i hope that he loves me too , but he ... lately i have been getting really weird acting towards my boyfriend ( intp ) , and i feel like i am getting on his nerves . like when we are talking over the phone , and computer , i keep getting these ... humans are not meant to have liters of children , and i hope nobody follows this lady's example , unless they are in a good enough position to support them . but i asked my mother on this and she said ... my two favorites are like classics , monty python and the holy grail , and dracula dead and lovin it ! i want to be that creepy guy in the family that family doesn't like to talk about ! or maybe the crazy granny ! :p roud : flaws : clingy , paranoid , slow minded , overly emotional , can be a brat sometimes : frustrating : strength : artistic , loyal , good listener , accepting :p roud : i feel like i can relate to the girl in the song , but then again , everyone has had a moment in their life where they felt like nobody cared about them , to me this is one of those songs that everybody ... can't get enough of it , can ya ? : happy : i know right ! ! i heard this song a year ago , and i still love to listen to it . :p roud : i love sad songs ! <3 youtube - everything burns ( anastacia ft.ben moody ) official version ... hmm ... let me see ... 1 . i am very clingy to guys i really love . 2 . for some odd reason attracted to sadness 3 . never kissed a guy on the lips 4 . have been hospitalized before . 5 . i dropped ... : shocked : i did not know that ! ( i'm not very smart as you can see ) hitler could paint ? i like to draw anime ! ! : happy : 94 93 95 i don't receive many compliments , but i do like it when people find me interesting , instead of weird . : laughing : and i like it when guys give me attention . : blushed : but i get boxes full of ... thanks everyone , things have worked out great ! i am so happy ! : happy : it turned out he really needed someone to talk to . youtube - skillet - the last night video wootz ! ! sounds like an awesome idea ! x3 thanks , you have awesome drawings as well ! i really like your way of shading . = 3 well , i'm not quite sure how to explain it , but i will try to do my best , i feel like they judge my actions , the way i look , and mostly what i'm wearing . i am much paler then the other teens who have ... he says he is going to isolate himself from everybody . yes , its definitely depression . at the moment , i just leave him messages , and hope he reads them . @_ @ i will mention to him about seeing a ... thank you ! ! ^ _ ^ i do want to be social , but in social situations , i tend to sit away from everyone , and shy away when someone starts talking to me . thank you cryptonia , i really like your idea , but it is very risky , but we are both home schooled , he lives on a base , we are both kinda recluses . the only way i can see actually being able to see ... ah , i love anime . i always wanted to make my own story , if only i wouldn't get so bored with it after a couple of days . @_ @ but yea , anything to do with drawing has interested me . but i have only ... thanks , yea i try to hard lolz thank you for understanding . = 3 its good to get advice from people who understand the situation . ^ _ ^ ah thank you ! ! ! x3 but may i ask how do i pursue my dream without the proper education ? 30 31 32 33 34 wahh your so good x3 i like to draw the japanese style of cartoons = 3 the detail i admire , your hands are awesome x3 and teh eyes are beautifful . : happy : i am currently being home schooled , which i have found to be a very bad idea . i was in high school , and at any chance i could , would go to the guidance office . i have panic attacks , that are starting ... yes , he said he didn't want to hurt people anymore , as if we were suffocating because of him . i believe that being a recluse can cause damage your mental health . i feel like , if i lose him , then i ... the conversation was over a messenger , and yes me and him are both 16 , the reason he told me that he would withdraw was because he didn't want me to blame it on myself , i guess he was trying to make ... i would be sitting on a bench , trying to draw a picture . tis fun to draw ! a really good friend of mine has decided to shut himself from society , this was a result of some earlier events , he is a intp , and i thought the best source was to ask a fellow intp . he says it is ... '