' thank you so much guys ! : ) now i can write my paper tomorrow and get on to studying for the rest of my finals ! you guys are great ! i'll still be accepting submissions , of course ! agh , one more ! come on i believe in you ! come on guys , just three more ! you can do it ! : ' 3 hm ... do they seem recent ? ... interesting . haha , it makes me happy that a few of you are so interested ! well , like i said , if i remember to post my findings , i'll definitely do so . unfortunately , ... ahah , you know , i think that's alright ... as long as you grew up in the u . s . : p thank you ! you've just made it possible for me to draw some more conclusions in my report . : ) i appreciate it . it does matter , actually . do you know when you started calling them fireflies ? and , do you live in the same area now as you did when you were a kid ? thank you so much ! i'll post the results if i remember to ... :'D haha , but honestly , i don't think i'll be able to conclude much of anything based upon the minimum amount of people we need . yeah , ... i'm sorry , i forgot to mention this can only be filled out by native english speakers living in the u . s . i very much appreciate your willingness to help , though ! ! - goal accomplished - thanks a bunch , all of you ! i've got over the minimum amonut of people i need , and i really need to start working on the report . thanks so much for those of you who ... hey everyone , i'm really getting desperate for people to take this survey . the project due date has been bumped up and i need more people now than i did before ! please , if you happen upon this ... well , i'd probably guess that you changed how you refer to that object after being around people who referred to it differently . meaning they might have influenced the kind of language you use . it's ... thanks you guys ! i appreciate this ! : p nasmoe haha , that's very interesting ! the funny thing is , after taking this class , i may know the reason why individual language evolves like that : ) ... thanks ! okay so far i've got 8 people . i need at least 20 more . o : thanks , i appreciate you taking the time to do this for me ! hi everyone ~ i have an anonymous survey here that i need at least thirty people to fill out . sorry for those outside the u . s . , but this survey is meant for native english speakers within the united ... this reminds me of a time when i was home alone in my parents ' house over the summer . i wake up at about 3:30 a . m . to my dog barking hysterically , and someone banging viciously on my front door . of ... i've become so lethargic . like someone injected my brain with massive amounts of a ' give no shits ' drug . i've been this way for a while . nothing has meaning , intensity or color anymore . i used to ... i know i should've said something . you're absolutely right . i talked to him today and i told him that . but i still don't think it was very appropriate of him to be touching me . i don't even know his ... thanks guys . a lot of your responses really helped . it's been nearly a week since i created this thread , and things have changed a little , but not much . some for the better and some for the worse . ... diary time . not really proofreading , just puking up my thoughts to get it out . spilling my guts in 3 2 1 / commence whining / i happen to be sitting on my new bed , in my new dorm , in my new ... q1 . concentration camp - - help kill your own child , or watch your child + an innocent man die as well . i would kill my own child . it would destroy me , but atleast i would only be responsible for one ... revivalyouth thank you for the reply . the only feeling i have for this person is admirance , with a peppering of grateful feelings . i know anything else would be stepping over the line if i were to ... hello , you wonderful infj's ! much love to you guys . : ) i need a little perspective from you , if you don't mind . i just graduated highschool--i'm part of the graduating class of 2012 . i start ... ah , op , you mentioned my first choice - - hyrule . : 3 but there are many others i'd give my right arm to live in . the only friend i have--that i know of--that puts his full trust in me is an istp . he tells me he knows he can trust me like he can't anyone else , and he's told me things he says he's never told ... i know exactly what you're talking about . i get made fun of by my intj friend all the time for it . i'll stop at green lights ( or atleast begin to slow down until it registers that green means go ) ... i am feeling ungodly lazy today , so forgive me , i did not read the entire original post . i will eventually . i have an extrememly difficult time making eye-contact . it's too intense , and it's hard ... infp , ravenclaw was not expecting that , but i guess the sorting hat knows what it's doing ... i know one infj . he was my tenth grade history teacher . best teacher i ever had , hands down . he was very connected with his students ( ... and by that , i mean me , i guess / : ) , while still keeping ... thanks for the replies . they were all incredibly insightful , and gave me alot of hope . :) unfortunately , i'm still feeling this depersonalization / derealization ... and i started this thread two ... i'm sure this has happened to some of you . i just find it out of place , considering the infp is supposed to have a high sense of self . i think i've lost my sense of self , and , consequentially , ... ended a conversation with a friend of the male variety a few minutes ago . this friend used to be in love with me , but i was not aware of how deeply until recently . until he started dating someone ... 1 . ) what are your initials ? j . i . h 2 . ) country you live ? uhmericuh 3 . ) age ? 17 4 . ) girl or boy ? very calm . almost euphoric . not exactly , though . there's a hint of yearning and sadness that i'm feeling right now , though . more of a long term emotion . also , anxiety . probably stemming from ... ... oh , i do ! they're incredibly fun . it's energizing to be around them . they get me to laugh , and my mood really improves around esfps . they bring me out of my shell . i only know one , however . you ... i feel the exact same way . i'm still in high school , and many kids hug to greet eachother , or say goodbye . i go along with it , but i don't particularly like it . i feel its something that should ... yes , m'hm , no , yeah wellsy's avatar . such a good show . edit : nevermind--decided this post was irrelevant . i was just rewatching some old clips from the cell saga . i had forgotten just how much i related to him . he was my favorite character , and now i think i understand why . gohan has unlimited ... i've always tried my best to be someone others could confide in . i want them to shake off their burdens through talking to me . i try my best to understand , and let them know that there is someone ... oh my god . i think this is what has been happening to me . i got my acceptance letter to a college i was really looking at attending a few weeks ago . my parents were pissed that i wasn't celebrating . they thought i didn't care . really , i was indifferent ... vigilant 3 solitary 10 idiosyncratic 12 adventurous fucked up my trig grade . got a c - . but i always screw up my math grades . uh , i also probably fucked with someone's head just recently . they told me they loved me , and i said ' i love you too ' ... i've experienced some things , but not enough to call myself psychic . i do wonder , however , what intuition really is . it seems to be a very powerful , yet intangible ... force ? it's strange . :'D thank you so much for your reply . it was so amazingly helpful . i'm not feeling up to much this week , and my creative drive is unusually low . i like everything you suggested very , very much ! it ... alright , i'm shamelessly asking you all for help on my homework . : c it's for my economics class . i have to create a country and explain how it's economy would work . i figured it would be fun to ... '