' why am i still unemployed ? ? ? why ? why ? why ? ? ? ! ! ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! i have had three interviews in a whole year ! what is ... just want my meds to kick in so i can be a normal human being . darn you , symptoms of anxiety and major depression . totally forgot this website existed for a few days . america vs . europe the doctor was nice . gave me samples of the expensive meds that helped last time . boom . hopefully i can be feeling better soon . the weekend was great . i'm emotionally ( and physically ) exhausted . wow . going to a freedom weekend at the church i've recently started attending . it's going to be interesting . never been part of a religious organization so ... this is going to be very new . i'm not ... first world problems : i have so many clothes , time to give some to goodwill . that there should be so many more mental health facilities like ... everywhere . everyone should get to see a therapist at least once a year , free of charge , just cause . adoption shouldn't be so ... whenever i see a potted plant in the middle of no-where ( like the street alley beside my office ) , i always wonder who would just abandon the plant / pot like that . i mean , it's perfectly fine being in ... ~ feels guilty about not having job ~ feels guilty for feeling guilty ~ feels too bad to look for job ~ feels guilty about feeling bad ... also , i almost only post things about my unstable mind here . i swear i'm not just a crazy lady . but that's what's on my mind lately . hmmm . i'm never really good at representing what i am ... if someone heard the playlist i've been repeating this past week they would have me see more therapists . lol meh i do like to help others shop if they ask me to . but if i'm shopping for me , it's for something specific and i can't focus on anyone else's concerns at that point . it's a one-track-mind mentality ... yeahhh i am very guilty of listening to intently to my instincts about a person . at the same time , i give them the benefit of a doubt , let them try to prove me wrong with their good qualities ... tomorrow i head to the beach for shopping with my mother and grandmother . party hard . / not thanks to all those who have replied . glad i'm not going crazy here . i've been there . :( it's like a masochistic need for stress . which is nonsense . best of luck to you ! yay ! and i hate that i can't say your name without feeling like i'm part of the blame and it's never gonna feel quite the same but it's never gonna change spend my days locked in a haze tryin to forget you , babe i fall back down gotta stay high all my life to forget i'm missin you new therapist at 1 today . oh my god , no ohhh no . it's been near a month since i saw the last new therapist and she was weeeiiirrrd . so weird . the first appointment is always so tiring . all ... ^ this , this so much . allow yourself to feel sad a little while , but then just approach the situation in a i'm doing this for me , not you attitude ? dreamed of you . again . of that night seven years ago this day . wouldn't be picked unless you were drunk out of your mind . the best and worst moment of ... matthew 6:9- 15 this , then , is how you should pray : ' our father in heaven , hallowed be your name , your kingdom come , your will be done on earth as it is in heaven . give us today our daily bread ... the next week is going to be people filled . hmmm . very sure i do not want . i'd like to see the input on this . as a recent graduate , being unemployed for 6 months and getting very few interviews despite the near thousands of jobs i've put in for , my confidence isn't ... for me , heck yes stars . when i was little i thought my songs could control the wind and i would sing for hours outside as the sun went down . once the sun went down , the stars were my reward for ... this is fairly normal sounding to me . when you meditate , you are getting towards peace for yourself . once the problems within are addressed , it makes sense that you would be ( even ) more susceptible ... yesterday was a good day , probably because i didn't leave the house . lol i am probably the most annoying person on the planet when i am sick . the pre sickness must be pure agony for everyone around me , as i tend to freak out and think holy balls i have all the cancers ... my bro mactheknife is an infp . we get along pretty well , even as little kids we got along . the worst he would do was pretend he was a dinosaur and chase me around the house until i admitted i was ... a full day of people = 2-3 days alone . a few hours with people = one nights sleep alone , maybe a quiet breakfast . op , i'm right there with you but i'm a lady and 25 . just keep your chin up and try and meet someone nice . :) everyone else has great advice . plus , with all your descriptors it sounds like you are ... a catfish is someone who pretends to be someone they're not using facebook or other social media to create false identities , particularly to pursue deceptive online romances . did you hear how dave ... when my dog and cat are terrified of the thunder storms , i suddenly feel like i should be afraid as well . maybe they know something i don't . ლ ( ಠ_ಠ ლ ） don't be deceived by my delightful signature / avatar . :/ i'm actually going through this thread in hopes of seeing a hobby that looks interesting . having fun is hard ... ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) i keep praying for the same things , and it hasn't seemed to do me much good ( at this particular moment anyway ) . maybe if others pray as well something will change . i need a change , friends ... i can't take this anymore and i'm almost pretty sure i've been here before i can't take this any longer i won't heal until i'm stronger strong enough to not be afraid - i walk alone by ... it makes sense for me . moderator is a better way to look at it for me . many times in my life when others are fighting , i was always the person to listen to both sides of the story . once both ... for years i tested as intj . every time i took the test . but , recently i took more in depth tests , filled out questionnaires and studied the type . turns out i was infj all along . coughed this morning and tree jizz came out of my mouth . pine trees , you win again this year . * shakes fist at the pine trees * getting the urge to pack up my camping gear and going on a road trip out west . i miss the outdoors . '