people who don't understand me tend to describe me as ' weird ' , but the people who accept and understand me recognize my weirdness as my raw individuality . i like to believe that everybody has a ... i'm not a lady , but when i wonder about the infp population - i question how many of us are actually as innocent or sweet as we seem or are stereotyped . i'm basically a marshmallow on the surface , ... i don't know which is a bigger gift ; when somebody introduces you to their deepest and darkest demons , or , when a special person comes into your life who you can trust enough to open up to . no ... i wouldn't see my dream guy very often . we would live our own lives separately , but we'd still have a humorous , constant and silent dialogue when we are apart . we would see each other spontaneously ... i was actually recently approached for sex in hyde park . i gave them my email and told them ' i'm very expensive ' . providing i am listening to my gut , providing i get the money before any proceedings ... i am very messy and i hate all the domestic garbage that accumulates in our lives . every time i tidy my bedroom , i take a massive bin bag of rubbish outside to the bin - how is this possible ? ! how ... i am very territorial . unless you get some sort of golden ticket , my bedroom is strictly out of bounds . my bedroom is a direct reflection of who i am , as if i had barfed up my soul onto my walls ... i think i'm like a balloon , slowly being filled up with unexpressed feelings and volatile resentment - till gradually i'm sensitive to the degree that i will pop at any given moment , for a completely ... i take life very seriously and i do visualize it as some epic story or quest , as you put it . my life doesn't appear very exciting from the outside , but i have an epic theater which is always running ... when i meditate , i sit up straight in a chair and sit frozen for 25 minutes , i do not flinch a muscle and have complete control of my voluntary body . however , i allow my brain to wander and you ... i don't like cats also , i embrace the ' forever alone ' thing . i love it , at least right now i do . she is definitely fascinating and beautiful , as for the word disturbing ? i hope she disturbs mediocrity and is a disturbance to those who have no tolerance . she is an inspiration . extremely brave ... i'm the opposite of an asexual . i think i'd probably even have sex with women even though i'm gay . i tried it last year and i don't think it'll be the last time . i'm just super horny i suppose and ... i've decided that i'm not going to university but that the only way i'm going to get a real education is by seeing the world . i have no idea where i'm going to move to ... india ? japan ? ... i find drawing extremely addictive and it feels so good every time you reach a new peak of improvement . i draw almost every day without fail lately and you'll be surprised at how fast you can ... i fear i won't ever be able to summon all the strength that i will need to either live the life that i want to live , or the strength to make the compromises to survive . i fear that i'll discover a ... i haven't smoked for 8 days ! ! ! i was a very ugly duckling . when the puberty train came by i suddenly became some oily acne beast and i had an obsessive hatred for my face . i tried everything and spent so much money to treat my ... i think i am more likely to cheat . it is one of the reasons why i am trying to avoid being in a relationship . there are so many people out there and so many possibilities , you would have to be really ... i think my emotions and feelings could only ever be described as epic , they are not simple - they are vast , powerful and highly dramatic in my mind . that rush of emotions is something i would call ... it really depends on my mood , but i can get very self conscious in public spaces , especially crowded or compact public places . it can make me feel slightly misanthropic , because i know that if none ... 1 . i am highly experimental , but i don't master any skills . i get extremely excited when i learn something knew or discover a new possibility , but i barely explore it before i've moved onto the next ... hmm ... i think first dates should really depend on your company . i enjoy starting a date with red wine , and then allowing the rest of the time with that person to unfold . one of my favourite ... if anybody wants to be my accountability buddy , then wahoo :D i need all the help i can get really . i'm joining in . i'm quitting smoking as of tomorrow . i have made a giant chart to stick on my bedroom wall , so i can mark off my progress every day ... then when i'm ready , i'm going to start ... i have begun to realize that i much prefer being in relationships with thinkers . with a thinker i get to embrace my own independent role as a feeler and within the relationship you get a taste of two ... i'm tired of seeing the words ' infp ' and ' suicide ' being tied together , its a negative perpetuation that is becoming more and more consolidated . i don't think its constructive at all ... even if its ... nuh uh , i like to think i'm very open minded - to the point that some times it will take ages for me to formulate an opinion on something . i like to look at every angle , sitting on the fence until i ... i have to confess that i can behave like a coward and have been known to drop off the face of the planet some times . i can be very selfish and i feel it is one of my biggest flaws . it is usually ... i'm a commitment phobe , though i never used to be . i'm not sure what has changed in my life and i was never conscious of the transition from commitment-whore to commitment-phobe . i've even started to ... sometimes i feel lonely when i feel that i have nobody who can pick up the phone at 3am . i would love to have somebody pick up the phone at 3am , that's unfortunately the time i'll most often ... i know how you feel ... because this saturday i promised my friend i would watch her perform in this big party , but i won't be able to afford to drink ! the party is filled with people that have ... i don't think gaga's fake - its not something that can be held up for so long . just because she didn't dress up in crazy costumes in high school doesn't mean anything , i never dressed up in crazy ... i really like lady gaga and what she stands for , despite being occasionally extremely corny at times :P i love it when she plays the piano and her sheer passion . i also like lana del rey , though i ... i was showing my tutor my sketchbook the other day , and at one point i actually cringed and covered my face momentarily because i felt so exposed ! i think he sensed it because he quickly turned this ... i go through the entire day feeling like a zombie ... then suddenly at about 11pm something starts to stir in my brain , and i decide i'm going to work and draw till 3-4 am in the morning :D the ... i rarely cry in front of others , it makes me feel so vulnerable and exposed . generally , i never let my friends or family know the full extent of how low ' low ' can feel for me , and surely that's what ... you can find me in the national gallery , attempting to look dreamy . i can imagine finding the love of my life in that place .. which is funny , because i don't even really believe in a ' love of my ... scorpio * sting sting * i like the fact i'm a november the 5th baby . guy fawkes will one day possess my body in order to complete his unfinished business ... >:D hence my rebellious nature . i am absolutely my happiest when i get to embrace being child-like . nothing in the world makes me happier than the creativity and the power of the imagination that manifest from engaging in child ... there is this pain-in-the-ass guy who is in my class that i have liked for a good couple of months now . our friendship was really awkward at the start but now we are pretty close friends . he has no ... i'm really good at peeling oranges without getting totally sticky fingers . oh oh oh - i have some sort of kick-ass subconscious internal clock . i'll put something in the oven and go and watch tv ... this sounds weird , but i'm really excited for you :D i'll give you a metaphysical medal of gold if you manage to slaughter the infp beast that prevents us from keeping to a routine ... similarly , ... i'm nearly always very happy around people , its just fully automatic - being sad is a completely private thing for me , i rarely allow myself to be ( and act ) sad socially . i think its my job to be ... this isn't a habit , but last year - in a supermarket , i stamped my foot like a child when i was angry ! my sister caught me in the act and asked ' did you actually just stamp your feet ? ? ? ' . i also ... nothing terrifies me more than ' unknown number ' actually that's a lie , nothing terrifies me more than when i pick the house phone up and i find out its my nan ( ... or , just , most people - ... i'm sure you're quite lovely too adagio . i'm safely grounded in my bedroom , thanks for asking :D the stormy weather's pretty much calmed down now . last night was crazy though with roof tiles ... playing would you rather - i almost think its the perfect game for infp's who thrive when paired with the question ' what if ? ' . one of my favourites was ... would you rather have horses eyes , ... adagio bless you . i'm always off of work at the moment :D we should go swimming in your avatar ( so sparkly ) - and we can play the game of trying to guess what word each other is saying under water ( ... i don't really feel at home in my house , where i have grown up and still currently live - home has always been a place in my mind however , i can always perceive a place as ' home ' when i'm in that ...