i was homeschooled all through school . before i got to college it was all i had known . as i haven't experienced public school , i can't make any sort of comparisons , but i'm glad that i was ... i personally think that environment , while having a small measure of influence , isn't the main cause . i have five siblings , and there's at least one representing each temperament . isfj and entj ( low ... i've found that it is often a combination of the people as well as the sort of situation we're in . the situations that i find draining are the ones where i am among a largish ( 10 + ) group of people ... my best friend is an entp . we're also roommates , so we keep things fairly interesting . i have yet to meet another intj , unfortunately . i can relate to what you're saying very well . i've realized that i am somewhat sensitive to attacks on my competence , and it always seemed like that should be very un-intjish . i wouldn't say that ... i was also subscribed to that magazine when i was younger . i felt much the same about it . it was far too repetitive and superficial , as you said . unfortunately , i'm in school and wouldn't have to ... i'm currently experiencing the same thing . i've been an english major for a year but am now contemplating switching because i'm sick of analyzing poetry . i love writing and literature , but i think ... i just watched the movie ( assuming that the movie version is what's being discussed here ) and came to the same conclusion . i'm actually surprised that so many people think otherwise because it seemed ... when typing two of my friends i had to read all of the questions out loud , as well as explain a lot of them . they were esfp and isfj . i'm wondering if it has something to do with the s function ... in my experience it often takes intentional analysis of each individual . after i started becoming close to my two nt friends , i naturally became curious as to what their types were and made a point ... i feel as though the conversations that we have are the best part of our friendship . i love the s friends that i've had for some time , but i feel as though we have nothing interesting to talk about ... i'm curious to know how many of you have managed to find other nt's as friends and what your relationships are like . i hadn't had any nt's as close friends until very recently when i started to ... ah , so true . the last time i was home from college my family's internet was acting up ... it was horrible . many of you have mentioned physics or astrophysics . are any of you actually working or getting a degree in those fields ? i would be curious to hear you thoughts or words of advice . lately i've been ... i'm never the one to initiate anything . i usually try and show interest or make some kind of meaningful eye contact , but i'm probably too subtle about it . yeah , i usually can't be all out hyper unless i'm already with my close friends . at the most i'm just more talkative and at ease around those random people . a light switch is a really good way to put it ; that's how i often think of it . i seem to have to reach this certain level in a relationship before that mental switch is flipped and i can be ... actualized type : intj preferred type : intj attraction type : entp i kinda figured i would get entp as attraction type . i think i've taken this before and gotten the same results . ha , wow , i pretty much have the exact same reactions in both situations . when people compliment my hair all i can think is : you didn't see it when i woke up this morning and how much junk i had to ... my mother calls me the ice queen all the time ! she thinks i'm going to scare off all the boys with some of my more serious facial expressions . haha . my experience with istjs has mainly been with my roommate , which obviously isn't the same as a romantic relationship , but i feel as though i , personally , would never be attracted to an istj . i know ... no bakes , chocolate chip ( dough--even better ) , and my mother makes these chewy ginger cookies ... they're pretty spectacular . i'm an intj and a christian . i'm also the first to admit that there can be problems with organized religion . far too much emphasis is placed on upholding traditions rather than making it an actual ... uh , yeah ... seconded . that's definitely not typical of nt females . i'm not big on touching , unless it's someone i like . even with my close girl friends i prefer to keep some distance . i like my space . animated cartoon : well ... i always liked rugrats as a kid , if that counts . anime : none live action show : the office ( and mythbusters ! ) crime show : ncis i wouldn't say that i am annoyed by compliments , but i often am unsure of how to react . i appreciate compliments on my physical appearance to some extent , but i much prefer compliments about my ... same . i took tae kwon do for four years . i've never excelled at sports ; i generally avoid them as much as possible , but i actually did very well in tae kwon do . it requires a certain amount of ... there's been some pretty good suggestions so far , so what i'll mainly add is this : use your personality type to your advantage . i've known several f's who pleasantly surprised me with their unique ... i have five siblings : one older brother , one older sister , and three younger sisters . ah , yes ... i'm determined to get a job at a bookstore in my area this summer . i can't imagine not loving a job where i get to be surrounded by books all day . i'm sure you're right about there being ... i can relate very well to having many interests . as a kid i always said that i was going to be a vet . then i got interested in graphic design . around the time i was getting ready for college i ... i don't think that i met any other nt's until i went to college as well ( besides my father ) . i still feel as though i've only met a couple . i also felt somewhat distant from my other friends after i ... that would be the best gathering of minds ever . period . it makes me wish i had one entp friend , one intp friend , and one entj friend . we would be a quadruplet of awesome . father : entj mother : isfj basically , my father dominates and has the last word and my mother just submits and lets him have his way . i think because my dad doesn't show my mom enough respect ... that's probably true in way for him . i think i just wasn't responsive enough when he did talk to me . we were often in groups , so i didn't feel comfortable talking as much as i would have liked . when ... no , i don't feel that our relationship is close enough for that , nor am i forward enough . we're just casual friends , even though i think we both know that there is potential for more . i have that right now ... i'd like to at least be good friends with him but he's so inconsistent with how often he talks to me . we might go a couple weeks without talking and then out of nowhere he ... i would have to say that i'm the same way . if i ever feel that one of my friends completely deserved something , then i usually make it plain that they shouldn't expect any sympathy from me . i've had ... i knew i was forgetting someone ! he's brilliant , definitely one of my favorites as well . probably depends on the intj . i think i would mostly be protective of those that i was actually close to . that's really funny that you mention the smiling and nodding thing . i do that all the time in conversations with the entp i know . he once told me jokingly that even though he says some pretty corny ... for me , i guess i just have to find times that i can be by myself . my few close friends seem to know that i need this on a regular basis , so they don't really take offense if i choose to confine ... i've begun to suspect that my 11 - year-old sister is an infp . i pretty much adore her . she can be incredibly clever and sarcastic , but is also very sensitive . she can hold her own against my other two ... i actually agree with you . i think some intjs have a tendency to get caught up in their own stereotype of being cold and unfeeling . i find it extremely hard to believe that so many of us intjs are ... definitely han solo . it always bugs me to hear lando pronounce it strangely . :d ry : it's kind of a stereotype that all intjs are scientists , but from what i've seen on here , and in my own experience , intjs can also be very interested in the arts . i am currently an english major , so ... tolkien ( coolest last name in existence , in my opinion ) poseidon odysseus calypso ripley ( obviously ) guybrush threepwood han solo jack sparrow i'm sure i'll think of more later . thanks for the responses . just to clarify , i'm not having doubts about my type . i wanted to see if there were any similarities between intjs with a lower preference for j . i seem to know a lot of people who will actually spend money on those cheap horror movies that no one's ever heard of . their excuse is that you can at least laugh at the stupidity of it . i can do ... i think it's that i'm somewhat balanced between j and p , but i definitely lean towards j .