' yeah i've come across a few of those ... i have problems with relationships . lately , it's been getting things started in a sense ... somehow i manage to screw things up between point a and point b . if i do get things started the girls ... it usually takes a lot for me to loose my temper and usually when i do it's because either i've been pushed way beyond my tolerance levels , exhaustion , or frustration . granted , it's rare when these ... i just loose my filter when i drink too much ... thanks ! that was very enlightening . the middle ground is usually the best way to go i think . i have to say that my s can get me into trouble every now and again but i wouldn't trade it for anything . i am borderline s / n , i think ; more ... there are a lot of crap jobs out there with their share of crap bosses . i about to get my degree and spend at least a few years of my life in the military . i will two master degrees one that will ... true that ... but a degree opens a lot of doors for you ... i hear lord voldemort is hiring assassins ... i would recommend a field in the sciences or possibly something technical . my temper ( or well outbursts ) have gotten me into trouble every now and again . most of the time it's either because my boss is an idiot or some tightwad pain in the ass , someone says something that is ... i gotta say the scene where megan fox is on the motorcycle with her butt in the air was quite distracting at least until those sweet , sweet , f22s came in . i think the only thing hotter than that ... ill take the random hug ... although i don't think that i've ever really hung out with an enfp . what are y'all like ? are you one to go along with an istps crazy antics ? yeah ... we istps can be intriguing like that ... : laughing : [ quote = angel ; 76944 ] istp peeves 5 . they remember things done wrong forever & don't let you move on . will bring them up as part of punishment ( 1 ) that seems more like a chick move rather than ... indeed ... you gotta appreciate dead hooker jokes as well .. what about dead baby jokes ? i think the most boring class that i took was american political theory . the facts were alright but the lecture and most certainly the text bored me to tears . i like the applied sciences much more ... other hobbies 120 years ago would probably consist of some sort of ballistics as well . : crazy : no , we're just that good with computers : cool : don't forget the pic axe for when you really need to break things ... of course i am a big lance armstrong fan ... i aspire to be like him , then race him . clint eastwood is pretty bad ass . my favorite film though is heartbreak ridge . on another note is there an istp alive who does not aspire to be like the punisher , batman ( without all the ... very effective hahahaha ... yes ! yeah , that is fun as well . i still fly under the radar , it's just fifty thousand feet in the air . no kidding ... sometimes i like to say , sorry i am not fluent in idiot . the classic istp attire ; the flight suit . i have one . i know i get frustrated with people when they can't seem to use their brain or if i have to explain something twenty times over and still ask stupid questions . the other thing that bugs me is when ... i gotta say , i would love to have an alias ... it would be so cool to fill out on job aps and other security papers .. as an istp , i can't find snail's friend too much of a jerk . sometimes people need a little bit of cattle prod motivation . at the same time , i only shoot my mouth off when someone is moving too slow , ... hobbies - mountain biking , rock climbing / bouldering , running - paintball every now and again ... - model building . - building / fixing things - video games / computer work music i know ... it makes life so much more fun . especially when you are able to convince someone that your way is the proper or better way of doing it . : cool : i am curious as to how other istps act when something or someone pisses you off . on that subject what normally sets it off ? do you think that it's a type thing ? indeed ... : crazy : yeah i think both options are good . the later , of course , funnier than the former . very interesting ... the cluster theory seems to have some truths to it . then again , i am not a psychologist or anything , so my statement stems from personal experience . indeed ... electronics are fun to play with ... nice ... that sounds like a good time why does that sound like a really bad idea ? destroying stuff is fun too , especially if it makes a really big bang or splat . explosives are always a good thing , especially when they come from big box mart ( assembly required ) . you see i am the cool istp , i really don't care for pot , i find gambling at casinos , especially slots , kind of annoying and almost pointless , and i would rather be the walking robot , encyclopedia , ... very true ... i know i could it with just some scrap metal , wires , bailing wire , and duct tape .. that should be a deadly combination right there ... if only there were a couple more istps , then we would create a zord ( the super sized robot from power rangers or voltron .. ) ... : crazy : perhaps a spring loaded trap that fires laser-guided bees ... or an army of evil pots and pans robots with flame thrower attachments ... or a the sub-urban assault vehicle with a . 50 cal mounted machine ... kinda late reply ... my bad we might build something dangerous ... : cool : all this talk of butts ... : mellow : all i can say about that comment is how true and funny . i know , as an istp , i can become annoyed when a person buys a computer or anything technical without my consultation . :p roud : '