' bump ( apologies for the length of time ) as i am now 22 and in a relationship with an istp ( i picked the one i mentioned who does boxing : wink :) i feel i have a new perspective on the situation . ... i do the same thing regarding disappearing .. probably why i've got along so well with the intps i've met . i'm not sure exactly why , what might explain it though is that pretty much all of my family ... find some se dominants / people with high se , get drunk and party with them . do this on a regular basis until you get to know them and it becomes second nature . it worked for me , now when we go out i ... it's funny as i can relate to pretty much everything everyone has written in this thread . as a 4w5 i often feel like a dark enfp . the side of me i typically present to the world is a toned down ... hello fellow enfps . today i had a realisation about my parents and my family life . i grew up in an unhealthy , emotionally repressed home , with an istj father who was both physically , verbally and ... people gather in awe and fascination to listen to you going all fi about something that affects you : blushed : so i was recently wondering about former my chemical romance guitarist , frank iero . i adored this band when i was younger , in part due ( i think ) to their strong focus on introverted feeling and ... this so much . after 20 years of living with parents whose negativity knows no bounds , i want no business with such people . there's something inherently wrong with the idea of grown adults with ... this used to be a major problem for me until recently , when i figured out i'm extremely sensitive to caffeine . even so much as a cup of tea or a can of coke in the day is enough to keep me up until ... both unhealthy sjs . my mum is an isfj and my dad is an istj . i think i would have done better having at least one nt , nf or even sf parent . way too much si for my liking , what with both being ... nope . my own childhood was not a particularly happy one , and unless i can sort out the issues i have as a result of it , i won't be having children any time in the future . my parents were / are pretty ... whilst i was in therapy learning about external and internal locus of control my therapist had me complete a questionnaire from a self-help textbook . according to the author , it is possible to make ... she sounds like an fe dominant . maybe an sj or sp with fe . most of my friends are fe or se dominants and whilst we have a lot of fun together i wouldn't consider dating any of them , we are just on ... looks like you guys were right . the estp is a nightmare ! : confused : he's currently in the process of attempting to alienate me from my friend group because he's angry that i stopped seeing his ... i have a love / hate relationship with them , usually more hate than love . until recently , i'd never got close enough to any estps to know if we were compatible or not . turns out not . my best friend's ... yes , i agree . i'm unaware of exactly how the dynamics are supposed to be in fwb relationships , but he treats her with very little respect . it's a shame that she lets him treat her like this . if it ... it's good that your dad backs down , at least he has the maturity to listen to and accept others ' points of views . this estp is extremely immature ( he's 21 , but behaves more like a 15-16 year old ) ... that's just the problem ; i am going to be spending a lot of time with him because my friend is with him 24/7 . in fact , i am seeing him tonight as it's a friend's birthday dinner . so there will be ... so my best friend ( an esfj with high se ) is currently fwb with an estp guy . i met him last halloween when she had a houseparty and he was there with a large group of his friends . i've got to know ... am finding estps unfamiliar and very confusing ! whattt : confused : you're friends with a large bunch of radically different people . people who are polar opposites , who would probably avoid each other if they were in the same room . but you love and appreciate these ... how do you have so much energy ? ! how did you do that ? how are you still awake ? that's really weird . you're good at everything ! we're not always random and childish we're not always the cute ones we're not your manic pixie dream girl are you drunk ? ! you totally get me how do you have so much energy ? shame , i was looking forward to seeing the results ! i always wondered whether there was some correlation between mbti and handwriting too . 1 ) they have this very practical , calm and efficient way of problem solving that almost comes across as military . if there's a problem ( i . e something being broken ) i will brainstorm ... i think there is a fine but distinguishable line between being a people pleaser a term often equated with being unassertive , allowing people to use you , etc , and being very in tune with others . ... i couldn't be an entp because of cognitive functions . entp is ne-ti-fe-si , whereas enfp is ne-fi-te-si . i was once involved with a guy who was an entp , and whilst we shared ne , i had fi in the place ... funnily enough , you may have a point there . he seems to cause drama in a very non-dramatic way , although he does get vocal and angry if my parents confront him . perhaps i'm filtering his actions ... yes , he's 12 . he apparently started failing at school months ago , but our parents didn't find out until now because of the poor quality of the public schooling system . his introversion and ... i think this would be beneficial to my brothers too . i don't know what it is about xsfjs and personal space ; they don't seem to like to give their loved ones much of it . i have an isfj mother and ... this was very informative . it's odd , yet somehow a relief to read that his behaviour is quite typical of an intp . i knew one at college who behaved similarly ; however , since it was art college and ... hi ! as the older sister of an almost-teenage intp brother , i'm curious as to what you guys were like at this age , and whether or not your experiences correlate to his in terms of behaviour , etc . ... i'm very late to this post - but i'd say that kerouac is an infp - fi , ne , si , te . i've read a lot of his books and something about them always resonated without me really understanding why . now i ... being in an nt-dominated , academic environment for some reason activates my se like nothing else . i'm painting , drawing , designing and making prints with enthusiasm i could never muster when i was ... me , haha . no , seriously , i'm a lot better now than i was when i was younger . but the whole uni thing really hasn't agreed with me - second week of freshers i ended up drinking too much , getting ... i think it's more a question of taste , to be honest . i personally couldn't see myself in a long term relationship with any sp types my age , unless they were very mature , nice people . the ... oh sweet zombie jesus , what am i doing ? i'm not an sp at art college . i was never an sp , fine , but right now i am most definitely not at art college ! why am i going out such a lot and drinking so ... when you pick up on tiny little cues in people's body language and speech and realize what they mean long before they've said anything about it at all . and when that meaning / intention is not nice ... - other kids at your school ( s ) are assholes and you're awesome , keep doing your thang and ignore them - you don't have to be just like your sj mother and father - being a dreamer is not wrong ... you know you're an enfp when the cost of intense , constant socializing is the need for similarly intense alone time : bored : feel lonely and out of place at uni : unsure : hi there . i'll apologize for the nature of this topic in advance . but basically after a very strange few weeks at uni culminating last night with let's say , a funny turn .. enfps with bipolar ... my mother is an isfj , and i was wondering if you guys experience a similar thing whilst under stress / upset . i'm not sure whether this may be just to do with the way she was individually brought up - ... i leave home tomorrow . this is my last night sleeping in my own bed . i feel nervous about tomorrow ( moving into dorm and meeting dorm-mates ) , and sad about leaving my family behind . it's also ... why did i somehow expect something like this .. : laughing : maybe it's something to do with my dad having te as a second function , his side of my parents ' bed is similarly monkish as your description . i act very differently at school than i do at home . at school ( well , art school last year ) i put on an extroverted , good-natured front and turn on the charm , especially for new acquaintances , unless ... post a picture of / describe your bedroom ? ( other types also welcome . ) inspired by an idea for a theory i had whilst staying over at a friend's house . the theory goes that : 1 . people who lead ... this sounds very familiar . my mother is an isfj , and as i got older it became more obvious to me that despite usually being a very warm , caring person , she comes across as stand-offish and even ... that comforting people in need isn't scary , it's actually .. kinda nice : kitteh : '