' i think he did a great job taking care of the lawn and leak in the bathroom , and was incredibly accommodating today by taking care of the baby so i could have some alone time after a hard day at ... my husband is an entp in hufflepuff . how do you know everything isn't going according the plan ? i'm married to an entp , so i would biasedly say that he's my best match . one of his brothers is an enfp and he drives me nuts , i'd like to strangle him sometimes . i had my second child the first of june . my first child , my son , died ten days later . 98 % of those around me have been nothing but supportive and empathetic . my father , however , attempts to ... intj and slytherin . houston , we have a tooth ! an honest to god tooth ! take that you doctors who wanted lots of money to do tests even though you told us he was going to be developmentally delayed . he has a tooth at ... the husband wants to go to the beach for our anniversary . he has never been to a beach . i hate the beach .  ... we are going to the beach ... that man is lucky i love him more then i hate the beach ... cryptozoologist or a taxidermist . anytime someone remarks they have faith / belief in a god / higher power and are told they cannot believe in such things because they are intj . or any time a person voices any opinion that is somehow ... attacked or disregarded . that's why i'm such a lurker of a member . most times i write a reply to a thread and then just erase it . what is the point ? sent from my sph-d 710 using tapatalk well i used to sit in my pjs all day and drink coffee / soda while i did fiction writing all day , sometimes for a literal 24 hour period . i don't and have never smoked . sometimes i'm able to bum ... seconded . from personal experience , as an intj female who was never much for physical affection , i had to learn to acquiesce to my husband's need for physical affection , such as cuddling . we've been ... seconded . but they sure know a lot about nothing . sent from my sph-d 710 using tapatalk cable companies in the united states with their backwards logic and of punishing ' cable cutters . ' you have a consumer base who does not have cable . they use the internet . capitalize on it ! it's ... thank you . i know what i'm doing tonight :) sent from my sph-d 710 using tapatalk no , missed it . hubby worked late and the baby is sick . watched winnie the pooh for the nth time . that's some deep stuff . anyone know where i could watch it ? please please ? out had to be posted ... the line in lord of the rings : the return on the king movie where frodo says there's nothing between me ... and the ring of fire ! because every time i hear that line i start to cackle as johnny cash ... because that's when you do your best work . at least that's what i tell myself when i do it . sent from my sph-d 710 using tapatalk ah , your reply made my day . very valid points and i will agree internet rage is preferable to ... other extracurricular activities . at the time , i was merely venting and annoyed . sent from my ... there are . i am a parent of a child who has heart disease and digeorge syndrome . i can't fix that . i am powerless . i will grant you there are scant few times . but i never knew what true ... it boggles my mind how quickly a group of fans can go from ' this person is perfect , i love them , they are amazing , let me build a shrine in my closet ' to ' this person is so stupid and ignorant , they ... and that's a shame , though i understand why they do . i was told by many relatives to take it as well to help me get into a 4 - year-college . however , being homeschooled since 1st grade , i knew i wasn't ... i was homeschooled and opted not to take the sats . i saw no point in it . sent from my sph-d 710 using tapatalk when you have to accept that sometimes you are in fact powerless and can do nothing . sent from my sph-d 710 using tapatalk pride sent from my sph-d 710 using tapatalk why do these catchy tunes just get so stuck in my head and then i end up listening to them on repeated for two hours ? ! they are stupid . they don't make sense . but ... catchy ... i do not understand ! ... i well-up or get a bit misty-eyed at times . i don't really bawl or properly cry during movies . i tend to get misty-eyed when there's something to do with a character ( s ) i've come to care about ( if ... not sure oh my god , i am dying right now . sent from my sph-d 710 using tapatalk i am more humanities . i am interested in the sciences , but not so much to major in them . as a writer , i tend to do a lot of research at times . i am currently looking deeply into nuclear disasters , ... car salesmen . we told you we were just looking . we told you we couldn't afford that truck . stop calling me ! we were looking ! i would get rid of any and all evidence of disney sequels with the princesses in them . in fact , i'd get rid of just about every single disney sequel ever . they just make it worse , with very , very , ... along those lines ... funny how the first competent princess didn't come out of disney studios . fiona got tired of waiting for the fairy tale to come full circle . shrek almost got eaten by a dragon ... i can't see it either . i can see belle as an intj , but ... disney princesses fit a formula so ' every girl ' can see themselves in that princess . it's more about the message the princess is giving . which ... i share your pain . i find it very difficult to be around other females . the close relationships i have with three other women is because one was based on growing up together and the other two was ... i tend to dream vividly and , on occasion , lucidly . my dreams are usually in color , not always . sometimes they're sort of ' color blind ' : i remember one dream anything red was grey . my dreams can ... there are three people ( besides my husband ) who i would consider best friends . 1 . my cousin , six months my junior . we met when i was a year and a half and she'd just turned one . we lived two ... i used to be a bit more polite with call center people . now ... i just don't have time to deal with their scripted bull . especially since every time we have an issue or question and have to call our ... actual conversation i had with a representative of our isp last night : rep : is this mr . mackellar ? me : no , this is his wife . rep : well , mrs . mackellar . i am calling about a special offer . do ... amazon.com : customer reviews : haribo gummy candy , sugarless gummy bears , 5 - pound bag the reviews for this product are priceless . i am already a mother of one . i was not interested in having children until after i just happened to find a good man to marry . ( i wasn't interested in having a spouse either , but he was just so ... mighty_mumu i understand . this is why i am so hesitant to try to form new friendships . i end up being pushed back or unfriended when i reach that point of hey , you seem like a decent human being ; i ... my evening ' writing time ' if i'm not too tired from the day . francis urquhart , fictional politician created by michael dobbs . the character features in three books : house of cards , to play the king , and the final cut . the character is played by ian richardson ... ( this would also fit in the what pisses intjs off thread ) variations of the sentence : you only care about / love me when it's convenient for you . i am female . i like to do masculine things . i've always been a bit of a tomboy . i don't identify well with other females . a great deal of their preoccupations and i find exhausting and trivial . i ... i've heard a lot of good things about rosetta stone . i'll bear your additional information in mind if i ever feel so inclined to give it another go ... or i find the time . '