' i know who you are , i've always known * evil smile * oh my gosh i love tiger lilies ! ! ! :D please do share some pics of your garden once it's all nice and purdy : 3 although while looking something up on the internet may be safe , it's not nearly as fun or exciting as actually doing it xp i haven't but i almost did once lol , so i looked it up out of curiosity to see what would happen . at best just a smol explosion and a ruined microwave lol yep ! ! ! it's been happening to me more often these past few weeks but thankfully it's reduced now :P when this happens , these days i'm normally at school ( cause i hate that place now ) i kinda just , ... pfff lol : laughing : ahh yeah this is true too . for me , among the fe users i seem to get along with infjs the most , they somehow have just the right amount of fe that it amuses me more than it bothers me lol . yaaasss this ! ! ! i'm not the only enfp with a kind of fe peeve lmao ... it's one of my main issues that i have with my esfj friend that i mentioned earlier ... we just don't get along due to our fe ... lol , i actually have the habit of reflecting on old conversations or incidents that had an impact for quite a long time , even if there's no real point in revisiting those thoughts again . i do it a ... i do enjoy talking about technical topics quite a bit lol , as long as it's a topic that interests me ! my tert te fancies it :P at the same time i do like talking about feelsy topics involving deep ... i probably am > . > although it's reduced a teensy bit these days cause of quite a bit of stress from school n stuff ... but not for long ! ( about a year to go ) i've never really met a person on ... hey there ! so sorry to hear you're going through something like this , i hope things get better for you eventually . to ( generally ) answer your question , i think it's mostly unrelated to the mbti ... now that u mentioned it my face first the description too kinda ... 687362 i've posted this a few times already ( on discord though so eh ) duh : laughing : ... i was being optimistic and hoping that it wouldn't come out > . > smh ... tfw you're not really an idiot but you give the impression anyway cause you cant form proper sentences and give satisfactory replies when your mind is running too fast . lolme . yup this is where i died ... lmao i'm the same too xp although i have my days ( while out at a food court trying to pick something to eat ) when i wanna try something completely different . ofc the decision gets tough when there ... things are crazy for me right now cause like ... i'm literally being irresponsible and responsible at the same time x'd ( still a loyal procrastinator lol ) just a few months / a year to go i suppose ! i missed chuuu : kitteh : : hampster : : hug : that is true lol :P that's probably true irl , but i've found that the internet is literally infested with you guys lmao . i remember this one enfp ( ? ) saying that if you threw a rock around here ... b .. but mah purdeh shineh unicorn ! ? : crying : ... ponies are nice too though > . > set up a huge playpen with a ball pool and lots of donuts and candy and good food everywhere , and lots of adorable plushies and lots of fidgety toys and shiny things that will make us go ooo ... it has probably been asked a few times before yeah , but it's fine : laughing : hmm i'd say a 6-7 . when i first discovered mbti i was really into you guys , or rather the idea of y'all cause just like ... perhaps frying dem onions into onion rings turn them from evil to good : tongue : lol though i strangely like the way you've put across that thought , like the onion is some mean , smelly person who ... discord ;P jk i normally just watch tv , play a few games on my comp , sketch , listen to music , etc etc . maybe if i'm up to it i'd probably play some badminton with a few friends ( which hardly ever ... i do have synesthesia sort of , i used to think everyone had it to a certain extent and i was rather surprised to find out otherwiseu 200b . i play the piano , not very talented at it though . in general i ... ... maybe . although it's more that i dislike it rather than fear it , like the loud whistle of the pressure cooker , or even worse a train engine horn . loud sudden noises do startle me a lot though ... lol : laughing : <3 i'm back , i think ... kind of xp how have u guys been ? : kitteh : coffee party ftw ! xd possible melodrama alert . i realized last night that i've come very very close to having no close friends at all in the matter of probably a few months , irl and online ( ofc there are the namesake ... although from what i saw in the movie , kylo wasn't even aware rey was strong with the force , until that part where she forced herself into his mind , otherwise if he knew , he would've exercised better ... lawl yes i suppose i like novelties , they seem cool , so why not xp . its more of a thing for my dad though lol , he's spent so much money on such useless little items , like for example he bought a ... huh i found this at such a perfect moment xd . i've been having random emotional mood swings pretty much all day , i realized i've been putting off my emotions all week , maybe more , telling myself not ... jeez my mood is swinging way too much today . feeling trapped one hour , the happy the next , and sad after that :/ i have abnormally large eyes xd it has a happy ish glint sometimes , but these days i've been looking sort of droopy ( blaming it on the all nighters ) i also have a younger cousin brother who i think ... science part : laughing : ... yup ! i just do that inside my head lol . literally , most of the time i'm arguing with myself in my head , it's silly xd whoa that's almost exactly how i started off with mbti too , except for me it was tumblr in place of pinterest and ofc , enfp in place of intj xd um , i'm still yet to look beyond the favs i had a few years ago like harry potter , lotr n the like so ... : unsure : lol i've been faced with something like that , but thankfully only once , at ... self learning some of my favorite subjects ( english and comp sci ) just because i had an option to skip the classes at school and was too lazy to attend it is just xd its a way better alternative ... what . the . hell . that's so annoying and hilarious at the same time . why . did i make myself read this . t_t yup ! hm , gotta think about this one ... 1 ) my phone . it's how i keep in touch with literally everyone i care about , no matter where i am . 2 ) my box containing all my school memories ( i'm gonna cheat ... * looks around my own room * : unsure : '