' i don't give a fuck about suicide squad or harley quinn . i found her gimmicky and boring . also : no . also : take your stupid generalizations and go away . : rolling : greetings infj julifizz . i will do my best to explain fi and the common perception of infps , which is largely a stereotype with some elements of truth , but like all stereotypes is far more complex . ... dude , my best friend is an intj . i love her . she helps keep my crazier infp side grounded . welcome ! a lot of these stories are really dismal . i think at their worst infp and istp are an impossible pairing , but if they are developing in a healthy manner or already at their best , then yes , it can ... well , here is what i did : 1 . i texted him and asked if i could come over to visit with him while he took a break from studying for his step 1 . 2 . i brought him donuts . and myself . istps are ... lol ! as the topic suggests , have any of you ever found the company of a pet or any animal for that manner to be more soothing than that of a human's company ? i have often found in talking to ... i get it . yes , i do - and it's not just around groups of people ; it can be one person pressuring me when i am in a bad place and i will crack to please them . pretty much - i feel like i have let ... there is a stigma in the sense that people view emotional intensity as instability . we are often labeled drama queens , over dramatic etc . while this can be true , it often leads many under the type of ... myself and twelve other infps are complete assholes . : laughing : it feels like shit because of people like you . haha . anyway , it feels overwhelming and wonderful when everything is hunky doory , you and that person are on exactly the same page and just click - ... if i really wanted to , i could emotionally destroy someone on purpose . i have been tempted to destroy people who have caused me nothing but pain and hurt , but then i always stop and hesitate right ... yes , and a thousand times yes . even a year or more after something that was traumatic for me happened , i am always going through highs and lows . highs where i think i can get over it and move on , and ... roflmao ! you guys are forgetting rule number one of being a writer or artist , especially with this sort of temperate : we always think our work sucks donkey balls . how can you be so sure you are ... you guys make me want to write again . old . and crappy , lol : the confessional this stately scarecrowsits down , speaking in tongues thatspray me , in saliva choking withembers and lava , we're a bunch of pretty people ... “ yes , i was infatuated with you : i am still . no one has ever heightened such a keen capacity of physical sensation in me . i cut you out because i couldn't stand being a passing fancy . before i give ... it's actually our vulnerability , strangely enough , and our passion when we find something we want to throw ourselves into that keeps us going . essentially , even though we realize and dwell too much ... hey guys , i am trying to fund the last class i need to graduate with a bachelors degree in anthropology : a field school in archaeology . i realize most people are hard strapped financially , but ... oh science and art and all things good - as soon as i have time and energy , i write a book on this topic . you are most welcome . well then , trust me - a lot of your extreme feelings of isolation and aloneness right now have a lot to do with your age right now . it's a very rocky , very turbulent time in all human beings ' lives - ... sass and sarcasm . cynicism and pessimism . well , i have had a lot of experiences with my ne - so many that a lot of times , i take it for granted . i will just know things about for instance how a person feels about him or herself or why , or ... how old are you ? just curious . it's spelled doctor who . if the answer to your question is not more obvious , please refer to the gift below : lol ! that is top on the list of nicest things anyone has ever said to me . thank you ! : happy : thank you . yeah , it just sucks bad because i really felt and still feel deeply for him , but you can't change the past . just got to buck up , accept that you and the other involved party both fucked up ... for as much as we crave affection and understanding , when we finally get it , we cannot seem to accept it or trust it . i don't get it . for my part ( as i always believe a failed relationship is 50/50 ) ... i personally could not handle it . no , it is not because of some internalized self-hatred or hatred of a simple personality type i apparently happen to fall under . my reasoning is simply this : 1 . ) all ... stop the perpetual undertone of self-pity and world-wearied sadness festival - or - no melancholia . lol ! yes , i called a tiger a kitty , but i did it with 100 % awareness of the ridiculousness of the statement and simply for the sake of being silly . a tiger is not a kitty ... it would as soon turn you ... for some reason , this chick just reminded me of why i have always disliked psychology . are you a social scientist or a motivational speaker ? ugh - something about her annoys the hell out of me . i ... no one wants to see my stream . it's scary . i think i will keep it to myself . haha omg how did you know i love kitties ? ! ? ! hell to the fuck to the yes . i don't know whether to take your comment as mocking , but whatever , i don't care . why ? because you posted a picture of a big cat ... * claps * you fucking nailed it . thank you and again thank you . decent intjs needed a gem like you to point this out . haha during recess , i hid under trees and read books rather than socialize with the other children . the teachers and administration found this to be of great concern and wanted to put me on riddilin or ... i can totally respect all of what you just said . i'm not claiming uniqueness , but i'm weird as an infp goes because i have developed a lot in the direction of being atheistic and rather to some ... my question to you is ... how does an infp run out of creative ideas for anything ? lol work them infp synapses boy . eh - i am trying to wax poetical right now , but words are actually failing . frankly whatever the chemical deluge is that i felt and still feel is - it has hurt far more than it has been awesome ... you see , here is the problem - i see things differently . i don't think a significant other is meant to be your everything by any stretch of the imagination . um , that is very off putting to me . i am ... news flash , dude , most people , regardless of the type label you slap on them , feel like they will never be understood ; that feeling is not special or unique to anyone and it is not uncommon . here , ... 68441 - contrary to popular belief , i am not a fucking fluffy bunny and i am not made of all feels all the time and illogical romantic notions . i am in fact capable of reason and logic . u200bproblem is i ... give up on relationships . they're dumb . go put your effort into something worth wild . this has been a public service announcement by a scientist infp . now a problem i encounter with many ... guilty as charged . haha . um - you're not bursting any bubble , but glad you think you are . i already placed a disclaimer in there - in case you missed that part . second of all , i did not write the article . third of all , there ... i swear to the nonexistent gods that infps are by nature fundamentally empaths . for a decent , non-fluffy , non-new ager hijacked definition of what an empath is refer to the following link : what ... 1 . when immature , they ignore whatever they cannot handle . 2 . because , although a message board , he's still perpetuating a rather aggravating stereotype . my responses have indeed been typically ... i've seen the paranoid silent treatment in folks other than infps , specifically intps . just about anyone can do it . nope , stating i have nothing to defend from you is pointing out a fact . you're the ... '