713514 7135 22 frank miller's batman might be an 8 or 6 . but i'd agree batman is usually ixtj 1w9 ; he doesn't kill or use guns ever and gives people second chances . i think he's an ixtx atleast from how he never talks or shows emotion . my reason was more gut intinct but think he has to be a strong thinking type like intx to plan everything the way he has . nightking : intx 5w6 sp / sx ? i'm leaning intj for him because he's very militaristic . estj & ixfp istp good busey esfp evil busey entp ... that's pretty close to what i would guess , rept . but i think war doctor was intj . he need to regenerate into a less sensitive version of himself to defeat the daleks . he went from infj to intj . istj or estj 6w5 . not sure of his instincts . backdrop 12 onision : estj amazing atheist : intp lust sloth anger envy greed gluttony pride from order to strongest to weakest . i'm an intj who mistypes as infj and i look kinda like an infp or infj sometimes depending on my mood . not many : india summer - infj ? catie minx - infp tiffany thompson - enfp nope , but have thought about seeing it for some time . strange question for porn thread . any more nt pornstars ? heres some i think : kayden kross - intj persia pele - intj wenona world - intj intp daisy lynn : entj kayden kross : entj persia pele : intj allie sin : intx wenona : intj bug - isfj isfp normal - estj esfj water - infj ice - entj dragon - enfj esfj ghost - infp intp fairy - infp infj fire - esfp estp rock - istj istp ground - istp infj esfj / / gifs.gifbin.com/052011/1305865316_cute_girls_reaction.gif esfp estp 75549 reminds me of andrew ryan from bioshock . * emma watson - actress ( she's a sensor of some kind ) * jessica alba - actress ( isfj or isfp ) * johnny depp - actor ( infp ) * natalie portman - actress ( istj or isfj ) * jesus christ - religious ... i don't agree with all those but admire that you took the time to post that . most of the women i've had feelings for have been infp's . 59683 so only softer songs ? some angry songs come across to me as fi too . sp's are funny people . this guy is entp :  informative humor leaves me with a warm feeling afterwards .  we need robots before thinking about a world with only intuitives . predators , elites , werewolves , lovecraftian dieties , basically any imposing aliens / monsters who look like they can cause damage . henry rollins is a strange man . sometimes i think he's an enfj , sometimes entj , and when he's introspective he comes across as an intj . they look like engineers . 46339 4630746308 4630946310 quiet , hiding all thoughts and feelings to myself , trying to understand things in my confusing life . batman : ixtj gordon : istj alfred : esfj bane : entj i only have one friend . haven't seen him in half a year . the end . it's strange how i think he might be an intj or entp . his crazy side seems entp and his planning side seems intj . 4317243173 43174  this may sound strange but you look like tooltime 9901 on youtube . i don't expect you to know him but he's also intp . don't know if i agree with that completely and i'm mixed race . put any group in charge and they'll fuck things up when they get arrogant . anyway , back on topic : 40947 40948 turn the volume down .  i am most attracted to intp , intj , and infj women - or introverted women in general . we all seem to like different personality traits . answered yes because it's a recurring sadness . i get depressed when i think about how i lack passion and ambition and when i don't relate to anyone . samurai jack android 18