' sooo , after a rather disastrous relationship with a ( rather unhealthy ) entj this summer , i've found another entp . i've heard this was another absolutely ill-fated pairing , but i like the guy ... i've never met a male infj ( or someone that i suspected was an infj ) . i've met a couple of enfjs and we've butted heads over competing ideologies / lifestyles . i like the idea of the infj as a ... what makes you say that ? though i suspect the same could be said for female entps . we don't even have the entj i am woman , hear me roar womanhood trope to follow . ehhh i disagree here . eventually , two people in a relationship will want to know where it is going and most nts i know are fine with adding perfunctory titles to a relationship ( boyfriend , ... i don't know if this is true for all men , but for very gender-role driven men ( sjs especially ) it is pretty much expected . i know many different kinds of men out there and those who went for a ... this actually makes a lot of sense . a lot of my mistakes involving people involved going against my gut / subconscious in order to collect more evidence about a person . and sometimes we don't have ... my initial instinct was . 10 , but then i realized quickly that . 10 was the sucker answer since the math didn't add up . so i just relied on basic algebra : bat + ball = 110 ; bat = ball + 100 ; ... so , like batman ? yeah , you're right . a healthy xstj would probably just come across as your crotchety uncle , or something like that . i don't know . i don't think i've ever known a healthy xstj well enough to type ... people accuse entps of being the bold part too . we're accused of being brilliant but lazy underachievers who are happy to surf on your couch and smoke your weed for as long as you'll engage us in ... yep . and it's not this tiger mom entj-type whatever-doesn't-kill-you-makes-you-stronger hypercriticalness either . entj tiger parents want their kids to take over the world one day . istj parents ... what do you think drives them , if it's not money , success , accolades , glory , ego etc ... ? as for the half who do fit my description , what are they like ? that's interesting ... do you think ... yep , all this in spades . while xntjs may be stubborn about their worldviews , any xntj with a smidgen of healthiness will be open to being proved wrong by superior logic , reasoning , or facts .  ... this may be just a me thing , but i would never pair with an sj , especially an xstj . my dad is an istj and he is one of the most abusive , critical , and downright cruel people i have ever met in my ... agreed that pretty and ugly people are found all over the myers briggs spectrum , but i wanted to control for attractiveness so we're talking about personality here and not appearance . and there is ... oddly enough , i was thinking of this exact thing as i was typing my post . but more as a joke . i don't think nt men are selling out , necessarily . i think there are great people all over the ... you admit below that masculinity is attractive to females . why can't you acknowledge that masculinity is attractive to all females , including ones that are more masculine as compared to other ... yep . i find that i can always spot the entp because they're the ones who are very smart but have done a bunch of interesting things in their careers . sometimes they make a lot of money , sometimes ... haha true ... i'm just commenting on the seeming reluctance of nt guys ( or any guys ) to prefer nt girls . i suppose sts could have the same problems , but sts end up like blair waldorf - pretty but ... mic drop . amazing post . especially this , which i think is true : in short , i do think nts like us , it's just not a natural occurrence for us to open up in any way , so we end up sort of missing ... 100 % absolutely . unless the entj was actually a sociopath / psychopath , in which case i'd prefer to just find one on the right side of the line . i cannot deal with male feelers . i'm a wasp and ... exactly - and that's why i struggle with the notion that a male infj is as good for a female entp as it would be the other way around , or as an entp and an infj may go along together in same-sex ... gosh darn it , another nf stealing our men ! it really , really does . especially since nts aren't bad at emotions , or even at opening up in our own way . we just express emotions very differently than other types , and often in a way which can ... yeah , you need a thick skin to roll with nt trash talk . it's just the way we show endearment to others . don't take it personally . i've said some utterly heinous things to other people in the heat ... 1 ) be smart . i have to respect your intelligence before i can sleep with you . if i don't respect someone's intelligence , i will think i'm better than he is . and that's not a good place for a ... what would you rather do during the holidays ? i would absolutely love it if holidays and other family get-togethers involved high-stakes games of scrabble ( or trivial pursuit , or billiards , or ... that was a great quote about patterns . i , as an entp , see the same patterns . although i couldn't care less about bullying ( and admit that i'm on the side of the bullies at times , when it serves me ) ... that's exactly it . i don't trust it because it's illogical . also , because as an entp , i don't have fi , or it's pushed so far down that i don't trust it at all when it does rear its ugly head . when ... in what ways do you think mtbi affects life goals , tastes in movies / tv shows , religion , political leanings etc ? i find that a lot of nts share those aforementioned things with me more than other ... god damn men and their preferences for fs . bah . what was disturbingly psychopathological on his part ? he could be incredibly rude and narcissistic at times , but that could describe most of the population of manhattan . and as for the washing ... no need for the sorry ! i actually find that to be a compliment , so i don't really understand the need on your end to apologize , or for the terribly descriptive ... what exactly about my ... i don't know if languages of love have any correlation with your myers-briggs . for what it's worth , i appreciate touching and cuddling . i started this thread about a similar phenomenon with ... i posed a similar question on another thread about male nts ( or entjs ) and physical contact . some people had some interesting answers and you may want to take a look . i've been dating an entj for ... all things being equal , i'd prefer to date another nt than any other type . nts are highly represented among my closest female friends as well . i've dated maybe 1 or 2 nfs in my time and after ... why would an nfp be more attractive to you than an emotionally mature xntx ? i'm beginning to wonder if there are any guys out there who put female nts at the top of the list ! so , dekkr 372 and alpha_orionis , if you both describe yourselves as as far from needy as it gets or that you try to be as independent as you can , has that ever hampered your relationships with ... how do you go about asking someone hey , do you have aspergers ? he may not even know . actually , he's the exact type to tell me that there's something wrong with me and that nothing is wrong with ... i think it depends on the context . i think when it comes to hetero dating ( lots of gender expectations / norms ) , men get crucified for being sensitive ( unless they're , like , john mayer ) . if a guy ... why thank you , dear ! i like your idea of setting that up . could also work in his own home , so no one has to shell out for a dinner . he's being dodgy right now re : plans and i think he knows what's coming so he's ... so : assuming that both ts and fs have the same capacity for both logical reasoning and emotion ... maybe communication style is decision-making , but just making the decision as to what / how to ... i am curious about the point that entpness raises re ts and fs with regard to decision-making . i do agree with him that the t / f divide has a decision-making component , but i wonder what part of it ... how do you raise issues / talk through problems ? i've done some of this , but always in a very even-keel teachable moment way , i . e . i like a little cuddly time ; i'm a girl , we all like a little ... then how do you identify a male feeler ? aside from ( 1 ) calling me stupid a bunch of times and ( 2 ) talking jungian theory ( which is new to me and all good points ) , i'd really like to hear you address ... and thank you all for contributing - i came here thinking that someone might say he's on the spectrum or something like that , or telling me to have a thicker skin when dealing with entjs , but ... i have never once gone with my gut . i've always just done a cost-benefit analysis and picked what made the most sense even if things just felt wrong . whenever i've gone with something that felt ... money . not yet f * ck-you money , but high-net-worth money . also , we want to live and raise any kids we may have in the exact same way , and he's also the first person i've slept with that i don't feel ... it's so hard for me to listen to gut instinct because it's just not rational . like gut instinct is something that my nf girlfriends who go to psychics talk about . when someone says trust your ... '