' nononono , there is no link whatsoever . i mean , if it takes me 3-4 weeks to answer you probably don't mean much to me . but a few days is quite usual . i think if you want a quicker thing i usually use ... i do this very often . and the one thing i can say is there is no correlation with whether i like people or not . i usually read the email but i very often kind of delay replying . obviously if they ... last summer i did meditation for 3 months , daily . i used the headspace app . and though it felt comfortable on most days , on the days i was stressed or very emotional it did nothing for me . i just ... i feel similar most of the time . i strongly believe i have the capacity to be loved and to love myself , and yet i still find myself waiting it out . looking back in my early twenties i did not have ... i'm currently doing online dating , and it's a bit tricky and yet it makes other things easier . i have some good friends who found their match through online dating so i have high hopes ( but try to ... i just subscribed myself on a datingsite . i think i have a dead wish : shocked : it's a good thing i was prepared for many a strange thing . after just one evening i feel i can write a comedy show ... to be honest it doesn't really sound so good . the move on-advice she's been giving you , sounds more like there's friendship potential than love interest . plus , she's stuck at home with a knee surgery ... you'd have to ask the guys i've been with i suppose : laughing : i tend to be very self-conscious and self-controlling , so the hardest part for me is to let go ( to dare and let go ) . so the first time ... yes and no . it started as a witch hunt thread . which is ironic because the op in her post is indeed not showing fe but rather te with all the rules she put there . that thread is awful , but since ... a lot of these things don't really point to infj or infp , but just the fact that you ware an xnfx . but there are a few things that sound more infj to me . just one that doesn't seem to finish ... been diving into enneagram with 3 books superlarge books i borrowed from the library . turns out the tests are wrong ( once again ) , i'm not a 5 . i'm getting quite convinced i'm a 9 . which might ... it's always worth it no matter what the outcome is te is a pretty powerful function , and i can imagine that ni-te is pretty good at figuring out how things work in general ( including things like charisma and eq ) both by observation and ' studying ' , ... definitely not infj :) clear abundance of ne shining through . but i agree with lage 1234 we need a bit more to figure out fi or ti . there is inkling of fi coming through now , but could be totally ... fi and te is pretty clear on quite a number of answers so ixfp is a solid bet . regarding se or ne is a bit harder , i would be more inclined to say isfp . they way you described the picture was very ... i'm totally inclined to follow on intj . there's intuition but it's very convergent . even when you're explaining the picture you chose you talk about 1 possible meaning behind posting a picture of ... this thread honestly made me cry . guilty of all this and more , still trying to figure it all out ( and still getting it wrong ) . not giving up yet . this ought to be mandatory literature for all ... not that easily actually , or at least not in the way you describe it . sometimes my mind is obsessed with one thing i'm figuring out , and then it doesn't want to concentrate on anything else . for ... i don't think there's such a divide , i can blend quite easily , and it depends more on the general setting than on the person . in a massive group , it's slightly easier with introverts because they ... best friend for over 20 years : enfp other fabulous mate ( but no talking emotional fuzzy affairs : estj ) best colleague in the whole world : entp ( no need to get rude , a simple clarification of your question would have sufficed without that first bit , we were just trying to help based on what you seemed to be asking :( ) for me , i ... it works a little different with introverts ... in mbti what counts is whether your first extravert function is judging or perceiving . the infj's lead with a perceiving function , but we show a ... sorry to hear that . big hug ! it's clear that he doesn't want to talk about it ( right now ) . so don't try that . just let him know that it's obvious that's something's wrong , and that if he wants to talk or text about it that you ... imissyoualready i tried to understand you're post as well as i could , it's clear that you're very upset . but one question , when all of this kicked off , did you consider it might not have anything to ... dear me , you knew this was coming right ? obviously it hurts , but the evening was excellent while it lasted . there's a storm brewing , and thunder and lightening are on their way . at least , ... sometimes yes . to be honest , mbti helped so much in understanding how my brain is different than others . i used to have these times were i felt like stamping my feet and yelling what do you think ... no , that would be a bit fatiguing :) when i'm really at ease i can actually be the loudest most impulsive person in the room . i thought about this a few weeks ago , the best i can explain is ... i'm not analyzing you . you asked what people were implying , i just explained . the one below you seem to want us to tell you that it's not a good idea , so you have reasons not to really pursue , because you can't have certainty that it's going to be the perfect match . at ... aaah , ... mais moi , je vois la vie en rose ! : laughing : when other people speak freely , it can be liberating . but personally i'm careful . i think speaking freely can be scary . i think words ... i know , it's so stupid . i'm not the most quiet or shy infj that exists , but typically i bounce of topics other people have started . apart from my best friend , i often have no clue how to start on a ... to be honest , i'm never quite sure what to think of these threads ... imagine we all say that infj-estp is a horrendous idea * will you stop persuing her ? you literally say : i want nothing more ... how old are you ? not uncommon for infjs to be a bit late to the relationship game at all . the first thing to let go : the fear . i realized that way too late . in my early twenties there were ... after this one , 5 more posts and i'm at 500 .. * shock * can't imagine that i had many interesting things to say though ... : laughing : i'm not sure whether ni can ever be turned ' off ' . it's always there in the background , gathering info , piecing things together . the whole point is that it's quite unconscious . however i can agree ... edit : and of course that got posted twice . life is against me . i'm losing the war against the musquitos ! its 1-7 right now . they bit me 7 times and i only managed to kill one of them . life isn't fair . yup ! the list of people that are allowed to touch me is pretty short . and even then it usually has to be on my terms . if a hug is coming and i don't expect it , i actually start to back away . ... no problem , and you're welcome . a little space is good , but i think when it comes to infjs there also is such a thing as ' too much space ' . i don't know about other infjs but diffusing the ... hmm , that's interesting ... a little while ago i read some frustration in the intp subforum that infjs are always trying to read things between the lines that they (= intps ) claim isn't there . what ... i hate conflict . if it's the conflict of others , i will try to diffuse the situation ( some call this meddling :) ) but if i'm at the heart of it , i do tend to flee and swallow it all , until i boil ... there's one thing that doesn't really add up with esfp which is never carrying out actions . thinking of a million possible things to do and not doing any of them is typically more an ne-quality :) ... dominant se's have a knack for knowing people and what is going on around them . that typically makes them the most exquisite sales people because they know how to approach people and can instantly ... dear self , you're stronger than this , and you know it . go read those peer messages again you got last week , there are so many people who like you for who you are , you don't need somehow who is ... i don't necessarily do that last bit . sure , some individuals have been door slammed and they will never come back into my life . but i've had guys before that i loved as friends but who wanted more , ... ok , xdae , here are my answers . i didn't read the other infjs answers yet , so i'm not biased , so sorry if it's full of repeats . please give your own subjective standpoint : in general , do you ... ultr 4 that's a tough one . i can easily see two options and have no clue which is most likely . one : she misses you as a friend , and after some cool down period is really just trying to establish ... yes ! so much so that i thought i was an intp for years before digging into the functions and realizing that my ti was not structured and systematic enough to be ti , but more gutfeel based , and ... depends . when i was younger , i had two kinds of anger : the sudden inflammable type , and the slowburner . the first one came very sudden out of nowhere , was over after a few seconds and often left me ... '