' i'm lovin ' this . the live chat is hilarious . thanks ! enxp = awesome intj =P retty awesome intp , infj = nice but boring infp , enfj , entj = conflicts usually this is from here : have you considered enneagram 1 ? this similar to what i've been going through , lack of motivation for doing anything beyond the basic necessities . the way i stay positive about it is to focus on my spiritual beliefs and feelings ... i agree with ferroequinologist that infps like to talk more about their intuitions . it's much more difficult and undesirable for isfps to do so , even though they might spend a lot of time thinking ... just some bass what's your mbti type ? enneagram ? what's your musical background ? do you prefer memorizing songs or improvisation ? why ? what do you think and feel when you're improvising ? when i'm reading serious literature times new roman and similar fonts are the only ones i can take seriously . everything else just looks like a joke to me in that medium . calibri in literature is ... dao-ist lol i love all the misanthropic solutions on here . it's great . my personal solution : base our government and constitution on nature instead of freedom or nationalism or whatever . ( colloquial , ... just felt like quoting this . whatever's clever - i find something highly diabolical about this phrase for some reason . there is no easy answer . qué será , será . you sound pretty isfp to me . dude . space jam . naive in what exactly ? what aspects of the world are we talking about ? stuff like the bad guys are usually the winners or that most people are liars ? stuff like that i'm aware of . or are you talking ... this is pretty much the story of my life right here :  25 years . i give less of a shit each year . no . i just want whatever materials help with basic survival needs . i want to live out in the wild eventually . i like the thrill of being on stage and performing , the adrenaline rush and the intensity . i wish i could remain anonymous though , even if i perform well . i'd rather not have people focus on me or my ... let me tell you what i really think about you ... let me list all the things that are wrong with you and make you a bad person : 1 ) ... 2 ) ... 3 ) ... 24 ) ... 1,256 ) ... you say you hate labels yet you label yourself an i . do you find the notion of i and myself restricting as well ? ( sorry to get all buddhist on you : smile :) . i do the exact same thing all the time . i decided to be an isfp ' cause i thought isfps were really cool . welcome ! cool , thanks for the recommendation ! i'll look it up . glad i found this thread . i always think i'm an intj in my mind , but i have such a freaking perceiver lifestyle . anyways , i like mbti ; some kinds of maths ; i play a bunch of musical instruments , ... sure , i guess i should put a disclaimer and say that the nfs i jam with are somewhat unstable , or something like that ( myself as well for that matter ) . there's an enfj , enfp , and infp in the band ... i'm officially on the map absolutely . you know i can't think of too many isfps that have been close to me . i'm not the best at typing . the isfps i have met since i've gotten into mbti have been very transient . i always feel very ... jeez what the hell are you guys all arguing about ? whenever people start talking about sympathy it reminds me of this song : this is my plan x for when all my other plans go to shit . i am belligerently silent . i am the small talk destroyer . i kill off conversations like flies . i'm not very fun at parties . lol i did this the other day . i was reading this really depressing short story by carlos fuentes , and ended up breaking up one of my plastic chairs when one of the characters committed suicide . woops . i meant to say ' don't say anything bad about their interests ' in the original post . i forgot the bad there . when i'm talking to someone i spend a lot of time ' reading ' their body language , ... i have a general plan and a very loose guideline to achieving my goals , but i'm realistic about the fact that i might not accomplish them , considering how lazy and distracted i get . pretty much it's ... i'm in a band that mostly sings about left-wing , positivity kind of stuff , which is fine by me but it's not really what i'm about personally . one day my enfj friend / band-member was telling my that i ... i love ne doms in general . i like how enfps are more vocal about how they feel and stand up for themselves a lot more compared to myself . infp definitely introverted isfp for sure . i fidget a bit when i'm not focused or when i'm in my head too much . i think what your describing with the kit kat stuff is simply the isfp creative process . you feel that there is a correct or ... when your good at spotting people you know in the environment from far off distances , and even better at pretending you didn't notice them and / or avoiding them . you know what you truly want , you ... english and spanish . i just started learning mandarin . i feel that religion and spiritual stuff kills the religious and spiritual feelings , if that makes any sense . words limit the actually experience . i feel that the human race would be better off being ... i think i'm destined for a life of ' romantic ' solitude . at least not anytime soon . bingo ! infjs are kind of the scientists of emotions . to them every emotion or feeling has to have some sort of cause or reason . they have a hard time understanding that someone can feel strongly ... my memory is crap . i don't even try to memorize stuff anymore . if it's important i'll write it down . i have a couple of memories that mean a lot to me that i can recall at will , but even then i'd ... lol you don't sound too mentally ill , at least not anymore than most people i know . : tongue : you definitely sound like an esfp to me . i'd look into it if i were you and see what you find ... he's a very fi intj in my opinion , or more accurately , he was extremely aware of the limits of logic and objectivity and the fact that personal bias is inevitable . instead of trying to hide that fact ... '