' i was thinking , maybe roy batty ( played by rutger hauer ) from blade runner might be an infp . or something pretty close . and i think his famous line from the end of the movie sounds quite infp too : ... adverseaffects & infinnacage , thanks , i guess you're right . maybe it's my perfectionism and the need to be in control that makes it difficult to just stand by and watch as things happen ( this is ... thanks for your opinions ! it's great to hear i'm not alone with these things . although i'm not happy for the fact that other people also have to struggle with the same problems , but anyway , you know ... uhhh feeling a bit nervous but hmm .. well .. here i go : 68070 it's been long since i last wrote here on this forum . yesterday i visited here after a long time , and it felt nice . today i just wanted to make some things in my life more clear to myself and started ... whoa . after i started my studies about 4 months ago , i haven't really thought about this forum and haven't visited here . now i got a feeling i really need to see what's going on here . coming back ... ah , video games . some of the best so far : the elder scrolls iii : morrowind , mass effect , the witcher and the legend of zelda : ocarina of time . i have quite high hopes for elder scrolls v : skyrim , ... i'm scared shitless . just moved to new town today and tomorrow morning ( or actually today , it's now 1.40 am ) i'll start at a new school . feeling extremely nervous , i've already gone through all these ... ah , i'm glad you remembered that my dear . there's been the poll for guys going on for a while and it got me wondering : what's the situation with girls ? heh , interested would be an understatement , it's more like an obsession . it kinda slipped from being a nice hobby to being my profession and lifestyle . i really don't know where i would be if i ... yeah i'd marry . feeling a bit down . and tired . empty . i have to admit i often ignore calls . it drives my family and friends crazy and they always complain ( for a reason ) about how difficult it is to contact me . a few times some people from insurance ... avoid . sorry mate , but i think it just wouldn't work between the two of us , two straight men , even though we both are super handsome , cool and just awesome . and i feel bad for the ladies , you know , ... oh my , i can relate to your feelings very well . this is something that happens all the time and everywhere . however , it happens even more in situations where i'm already more self-conscious than ... haha , that's impressive , although a bit confusing as well .. :D on behalf of all finnish people i would like to express my deepest and most sincere apologies for ruining your day . i guess these are the original ... not a very encouraging thought for a single infp-guy , gotta admit . yes , it would be great to meet up with other infps , most certainly . of course it might be a bit awkward at first , but it wouldn't really matter since we all would be in the same position and ... i'd definitely pick the second one . call me naive , but i happen to live in this pink and bubbly , romantic dreamworld where love solves everything . you lucky bastard .. :D some of us don't get any chicks because they think we're gay . ( alright alright , i have to admit that's probably not the only reason but anyway . ) great stuff ! and sleeper , i really like those b & w shots , especially the first one . and also the bluish one at your signature . 22021 this is a shot from one of my ongoing ( though probably as an ... pardon me for posting to this thread so soon after last time , but now is just the right time for happy thread ! ordered some pizza and now it's here . oh god it smells good . so happy . playing guitar , cycling , video games , drawing / painting and traveling . also love dancing to some good house beats and trance . very interested in philosophy , psychology and arts in general . i was ... so , as it says in the title , i was wondering if you folks here write on other similiar forums or groups on facebook or .. well , whatever else there are . so , do you and if yes , may i ask where ? well in fact finland is not part of scandinavia . here's an excerpt from wikipedia : and yeah , i think iceland is also part of scandinavia : in one week i'm gonna move into a new nice apartment . a few days after that i'll start my college studies that hopefully lead me closer to my dream career . and although i'm damn afraid of it , i'm ... in general i don't smile too much at least . probably i don't smile enough . although i do have this tendency to laugh always in wrong situations and when i start laughing it's very difficult to stop ... oh give me a break , we finns are always mistaken for swedes ! :D but yeah , you got it pretty close anyway , which is actually quite interesting . i mean , many finnish people have asked if i have ... i really don't have what it takes to be a murderer , and i'm glad i don't have . however , often when there are these people on the news and their background is exposed to the whole nation , their ... that's exactly what i was thinking about after i read the op . except that i couldn't have put it in words as well as you did . ever since i remember , i've not feared death . i mean , not feared death itself , but if i knew i'm going to die from something very painful , i would fear the pain . but anyway i'm more curious . because ... yeah , same here . but hey come on , it's the general idea of living as a brick that's pretty damn fascinating , not the facts that make it impossible ! :D oh and you know you're an infp when you feel this ... god , you guys are so smart an wise . honestly . and i don't mean that as a sarcastic comment , although i realize it might sound like that . :D i really appreciate these ideas and thoughts you've ... aww you guys have totally made my day . i'm not used to getting any attention or people complimenting my appearance , so i'm feeling a bit weird . in a good way though . thanks ! :) i'd say exactly the same about me . and people have often mistakenly thought of me as gay . my mother being one of them . :) i love this thread ! lots of great stuff . :) 21864 huh ? that came totally out of the blue ! i don't see my appearance that way myself but it's really really flattering to hear that . god i'm blushing . thank you . :) although as a photographer i ... thanks for your reply . :) that's true , it's easy to get confused with these things and mix them up when they are in reality significantly different kind of things . maybe earlier i have been stuggling ... most likely that is , at least it sounds very much like it . : j yeah , i want to be more masculine , be it possible or not . i don't mean i should be totally different from what i am , but i'm speaking more of like having a certain edge to my personality and ... first of all , thank you for your replies so far ! i find them most encouraging . :) when i see myself being inferior to other men , in terms of masculinity , it makes me feel inferior to them ... alright . let's get this straight . i have trouble balancing the masculine and feminine parts of my personality . or accepting that their balance in my personality is different from most of my male ... you think way too much ( about what others think of you ) . you really should learn how to live in the present . yes exactly , how did you know that ? oh i'm sorry but i've always thought of you ... i've been on a dating site on-off during the last few years and i have both good and not so good experiences of them . on the other hand i find it much easier to approach women online . i can be more ... that happens to me also quite often and i hate it . earlier in the same dream i usually have been able to move around normally but when comes the situation where i really should run away fast , it ... '