' same . i get nothing out of being hugged by other people i'm not attracted to . in fact it almost bugs me . now attracted for me doesn't have to mean romance ... just liking them as a person is enough ... wow , lot's of you guys are into the arts . i'm also looking into psychology but i fix computers as a hobby . funny how both of those are in the enfp career recommendations . as far as i know i'm not ... nice video . i love when people post videos , especially when they discuss mbti specific stuff . i just watched your other video called enfp discussion and i loved the rapid fire comment . how ... yea , the last thing i want is to scare someone ... well , i guess we just need to find more strong feelers or something to hug . :p roud : my whole family is basically all tj's so it really blows . i ... i think the same thing . when i meet someone i really like or see an old friend all i want to do is hug em to death . just the other night i had to wait the whole night to hug this girl who is a bit ... i can relate to a lot of what everyone else said ... - journaling helps me to focus my feeling about what's bothering me and work it out . i have a very quick short term memory / attention span so ... if you won the lottery or just somehow made millions , how would you spend it ? get as creative or simple as you want . : tongue : i have this ipod alarm clock that i never use because i leave my ipod in my car . maybe waking up to some of your favorite music would get you / me out of bed . music always gets me into any mood i'm ... nah thats not too much to ask for . this year i'd also like to get to know some of my existing friends more personally . it's nice to see friends you connect from on a personal level ... i think i've ... same . i'd like to have a majority of opposite sex friends this year . : happy : it's so interesting that enfp's like opposite sex friends so much . we just need to jump in , say hi and get to know them ... hmm ... my new year resolutions actually worked last year so i'm excited to start some new ones ! num 1 ) decide on a major and possible future career 2 ) be myself more often ( sometimes i change ... thanks . i'm not going to report it or anything , the other driver did anyway . you could see them taking his licence number . he used to be kinda nice but he got the attitude from his dad . it's really ... edit : never mind , i'll forget about it tomorrow . your still free to comment ... especially on the law enforcement part . :) that one worries me . ___ i'm pretty wound up right now ... : laughing : exactly . * what goes through my head * - does it need to be replaced or is it located in an area that doesn't need very much light ? - can i do it later after i finish my thingy that i ... could you do another video ? : happy : it's really hard to hear you . but you do seem more enfpish just based on how you act / look compared to a infp video i saw the other day . i'm a shy enfp for the ... how i study : 1 . finding a study buddy that will be fun to study with and bounce ideas off of but not won't let me get off topic . 2 . taking notes , read , and study in very quiet places like a ... first of all ... i think this is a really neat thread . 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably weren't ? ... wow dude , post resurrection ! it looks like i posted that in october . well this gives me a chance to tell all of you what happened . :) i ended up really pulling though this semester and ended up ... i didn't ask for anything at first either but then my parents kept asking what i wanted . apparently they don't know me that well . kinda sad . i looked at one gift under the tree ... it was some ... here's my wish christmas list : i'm found a great deal on nintendo wii + goldeneye + classic controler all for $ 200 so my gramma is getting me that . + sonic colors for wii i also asked for a ... i'm interested in what crazy stuff or just randomness came up in a presentation you've recently done . i just had one today and even though i'm a really nervous person that enfpness just spills out ... [ quote yep , i was right . face too close to camera . oh well . it was fun , and no editing means either i want it to be as real as possible , or i'm just lazy . i'm leaning towards the latter of the ... thank you , thank you , thank you ! there's times when i'm down and i come here to be reminded that i am an enfp . your post just gave me confidence for another week and to work on my personal ... i played a lot of driving games ( including racing simulators ) so i was naturally good at it although there was a few thinks games didn't teach me . - changing lanes . for some reason i pressed on ... as long as this is on the top of the threads i'll put in my two cents . yup , lots o water . but then again it wouldn't be considered a lot of water if everyone else realized their dehydrated ... i've gone from seriously competitive and played way to much as a teen to a pretty causal gamer for the most part . i think i like games that can completely immerse me in a world , maybe bioshock or ... i found motivation in just reading about eating healthy online and printing out a calorie plan based on my weight / height / activity level combo . exercise for me has been been touch and go for a ... are you considered hot or beautiful or cute by others physical standards ? i don't think so ... on a scale of 1-10 ( 10 being the best ) how would others rate you and then how would you rate ... omg ! this is like me to the core like all the other enfp's said . this put a huge smile on my face thinking of all the times people just gave me a blank stare like wtf is this crap ... hahaha . those ... oh boy , i so shouldn't have done this video but hey get it while it's here . :p roud : enfp well of course i was ... wasn't a lot of people bullied and such in school ? kinda common i think . at the worst part i was verbally harnessed every day . emotionally that hurt more then anything else ... i've been feeling so shitty this afternoon replaying the same confrontation in my head with my teacher this morning . i ditched class since i was too nervous and worried about this really quite ... awesome ! thats exactly what i was wondering about ... i have a strong developed t too and i'm sure a bunch of us do . well thanks ! i love finding out things about new random people , no agenda just like ... how do you see yourself different from your thinking brothers ? i'm just curious what they do different then the feeling you . is their any reason why you think your an f ? music is always a great way to get into that enfp core self . e - got a bunch of energy from my classmates n - focused on applying learning techniques to the whole class . worked with the instructor ... my mom has taken the test . dad hasn't . mom : entj dad : istj sister : isfp ? moms a teacher and she gets lousy reviews from her students . dad's a manager for a large cooperation and he totally ... thats so nice ! like that totally put a smile on my face :p roud : most defiantly an surprise bear hug for you ! angry ? i've yet gotten to the point were i'd unleash my anger . up till now i've just held it in ... maybe i just don't want to hurt others even if they hurt me . i'd imagine i would be extremely ... i'm surprised no one has started this thread ! i don't play much but i do have an xbox live account and i'm sure some other enfp's do too . uno anyone ? : tongue : post your gamer id's here in this ... wow i must be completely missing them ... everyone i meet seems to judge everything by it's cover and i find that extremely harsh to the point where if i don't like a person i think of them as being a ... i'd imagine they would like the same kinda random interesting locations i do but i never go to them because i don't have anyone to go with ... i'm such a lonely enfp ... * punches and yells at myself ... backstory : i was going to write about being a little depressed today but maybe ix92m just being moody ... i felt extremely left out in class today . like i was being shunned from everyonex 92s group and ... i liked that video very much ! thank you . i wish schools wouldn't give adhd drugs to some kids ... reminds me of the american idol lee dewyze . he hated school and apparently was a trouble maker and ... i'm ready for another creative topic ! as enfp's we tend to be very hands on and work well in groups ... we learn best by doing ! my question is : if enfp's had a say in how teachers structured ... seriously ! i'm getting pissed about that sorta thing ... every time i want to go somewhere new and wild everyone just shuts me down and wants to just hang around for a little bit . whats the fun in the ... not a big fan ... i did watch full metal alchemist as a teen and enjoyed that except for al's voice which gets extremely annoying . after that i haven't watched anime since although i still love the ... make that 2 . i also have dyslexia and i wouldn't be an enfp today if i didn't have it . i only found out about 1 year ago which lead to some anger but also made me feel better that i knew their was a ... it's so flippin boring ! the only time it's exciting is when i need it to solve an interesting problem . being forced to do math is terrible ... i hardly ever see any reward for it . make that 3 . i'm only starting to get into this but i think the girls i'm actually interested in i don't get into that normal me ... really talkative friendly thing . ( thats apparently flirty ... i dont ... question . i've recently gotten over my generalized anxiety and have been almost dare i say , crying with happiness lately because this is the first time i've ever been myself . :p roud : i get like ... '