' hmm .. i think i'm quite easy to become friends with . or , at least on a shallow level .. i have a big social network , and a lot of people i would call friends .. even though i'm not that close to ... my infj-friend ( male ) studied cybernetic for 5 years .. he'll maybe become a math-teacher now .. he's taking one year at the time : ) he's a math-genius : wink : i think i'm going to study ... hahaha , i'll do my very best :p roud : i'm still not sure .. the next step is to let go of the fact that i hate to fly , at least with not-so-good-companies . but i really do wanna go to china .. oh , ... hm .. thank you so much guys , now i've got somethin ' to think about .. ;) ' course i'll post some pictures from beijing , lol xd i just have to get my self to china and back first .. haha .. i'm scared ... treebob , seeker of truth and thehigher ; thank you : ) actually , i haven't thought about it that way , but you are all completly right ... maybe , an estp is the best thing i can travel with to ... lol ! hahaha ! well , i could actually have done that .. : tongue : but , i don't know if that's a good idea in the middle of beijing .. ! : cool : that's the problem . i need time alone sometimes ( quite ... hahaha , yeah : crazy : maybe that , maybe that .. :P heh , yeah ! how to get it ? that's a though one .. freedom for body & soul .. :p roud : thank u ... i think i'll need that good luck-thing if i'm going .. maybe i have to talk to my istj-friend .. maybe he'll understand , maybe not .. i think i have to try . ah , freedom is really beautiful .. :p roud : the worst thing someone can do to me , is to take away my freedom .. if i want to achieve something , i have to go out of my comfort-zone . my comfort-zone is very very very small . if i should stay in there like forever , i wouldn't achieve anything at all ! changes in ... ooooh yes : cool : you have a lot of things going on inside of your mind right now .. or ? haha , that's my impression of this other boy too ; entertaining and fun , positive and in a good mood . i think he has to be estp .. hmm .. i'll try to be aware of the discussion-part .. i'm not used to ... i've thought about the exact same thing . so i don't know either . what is real ? can something be real to me , but not to you ? and if something is real to you , but not to me , can it still be real ? hm . yeah ! .. and i love those moments . they are priceless . the feeling right then , is just perfect :p roud : i have a lot of them , and that i'm thankful for . i tend to show my outbursts of ... hmm .. i discovered my personalitytype a couple of years ago .. and yes , i've changed a lot since then . i've always been an infj , but an infj can be so much .. : tongue : my preferences has changed i ... i'm going to the other side of the world with an istj and an estp .. i think .. in the beginning of july ... i think ... but , i'm a little confused ; me and my istj-friend get along great , if it were ... no , is my simple answer . i wouldn't . there has to be a reason why she's still together with that guy though .. i don't wanna be together with someone i don't intend to marry , at the same time as ... i try to avoid margarine , i use real butter instead . i haven't had margarine in my refrigrator for the last couple of years . i also try to drink a lot of water .. but it's hard , i don't like ... ps i love you , a walk to remember , pearl harbour .. i think a lot more too .. :P i've just been in the same situation . actually the exact same situation . the only thing i need , is time ; i've been living far away from most of my friends and family for 9 months now , and first ... i do almost the same thing as you , waterviolet : happy : i'm also a little damaget after growing up with an istj-dad .. i just had to ignore the things he said , and i promised myself : never let ... both , thanks ! : wink : but i do admire cats very much , i have two ( or , my parents ) , and those two just lights up my life . maybe i'm a cat-person , but i love dogs too .. so i have to say ; both ; ) i'm thinking bipolar or borderline personality disorder .. but , there are more symptoms of that , complex disorders , so you have to see this suggestions as just that ; suggestions . even proffesionals ... ahm , i'm not really sure which one i'll answer , because it all depends on what you define as a virgin : tongue : i've had a lot of sex , so i feel it would be wrong of me to answer the ... i can be the most natural self anywhere . when my mind is totally balanced , and i feel at peace . it can be in the nature , just observe everything .. or i can lay on my sofa , listen to music or ... hm , no , usually , i can't .. it's like it's one of my bodyparts , like my liver or somethin ' , haha .. i can't tell it what to do , but it's still doing what it should . - as the liver can get sick , my ... like like like : laughing : everything from the plot to the nature , caracters , animals , effects etc .. a movie worth watching . everyone i watched it with loved it too ; an isfj , esfp , isfp and istj =) i like i like i like ! : laughing : everything from the plot to the caracters and the landscape in it ... a movie worth watching : happy : everyone i watched it with liked it too ; isfj , esfp , istj and ... intuition is a natural part of me , i don't think so much about it . it function best when i don't focus on it , and just float with everything , just let it be a part of me and let it do what it has ... sign :p roud : hehe hahahaha ! this sounds exactly like me . no , it is me . me in a nutshell . also , i don't wanna do anything wrong , i want to do everything right . and , because i'm afraid of doing wrong , i tend to just ... i love to give gifts , it's actually one of the funniest things i know : tongue : but , recieving gifts i don't really like .. don't know why .. i just don't know how to react , what to say and so on ... hahahahahahahaha ! : laughing : this just made my day ! take it as a big compliment though : tongue : i really don't know .. it depends on the person .. but i have more trouble with reading estps . she can be an infj , don't know enough to say that she is or she's not :) there are weird infjs too . oooh , now i just wanted to give you a hug : happy : * hug * i've done that before too .. hehe it's all about balace . i often do feel lonely . it's like an overwhelming feeling of loneliness ... and i think it's very obvious to others .. but it's not . it's in my head .. if i don't tell ... a lot of people don't drain me . the two girls i live with for example , and some other friends too . 1 and 1 i usually don't get drained , but i do have some exceptions here , haha .. ( i get drained ... yeah . it's not just a thing i feel . it's a fact ; we do live in a world of idiots . in one way or another everyone are idiots , human beings are sooo not perfect . i'm an idiot too . yey for me ! the ... infjs are different too . sometimes infjs in here writes things i can't relate to at all , sometimes it's like reading about my own life & thoughts . a lot of the things i may find interesting , may ... ooooh yeah .. mihihihihi * dances along * i'm controlling . that's one of many things i know i have to work with ( - and i do ) . i know infjs who are not controlling at all , and i know people with other personalitytypes who are very ... sign . i have an esfp-mum . i love her to death , but go shopping with her can be a nightmare . i really don't understand how she does it . ... yeah , sometimes . i get drawn between not hurting people and telling the truth .. i always have to calculate what to do , in every situation . i usually don't say anything if i notice that not ... i can bring people down , when i'm down . that's not hard at all . my mum , dad and sister has experienced this a lot , and luckily they do tell me , so that i can be aware of it . when i'm down , the people ... ... baby don't hurt me , don't hurt me no more ( haddaway ) : tongue : that was the first thing that came up in my mind , haha - what is love , to be loved or the lack thereof greater love has no ... i have so many memories , that i really can't write them : tongue : i remember almost everything i've experienced since i was about 2 years old , until i became around 10-12 years old . when i told mum ... ooh , you lucky woman ! i would love to do the same one day .. :p roud : i think i've wrote about my teenage-life before , but i can write some of it again , hehe .. hobbies : i played handball for a couple of years , that was very funny .. i've also played violin . being ... '