' great . now my day is ruined . someone just unexpectedly come to my door . no , of course i didn't open it . moving has completely deteriorated . i would be entirely moved in if it weren't for intp's promise i didn't have to worry about it and he'd get everything moved in through his own devices by ... yes , this exactly ! the sounds might be common sound effects from movies / cartoons that i have internalized to mean something from childhood or it might be a movie score cue . i was born with an uncanny ... turi i find that my internal imagery is very symbolic . it might not be exclusively visual , though , which is why i put the quotes there . sometimes it's a sound or a combination of a symbol and a ... i don't get bored . i don't understand the concept at all . i thought this question was interesting . i also don't understand the concept of when there's nothing going on ... to me , there's ... ? i can certainly understand that . i wonder if this indicates higher fi than can be detected ? i don't have any other examples to back this up with you , though , just throwing it out there . i have ... i just see it as legalized serial killing . hi . i haven't interacted with you enough to truly know , but when we communicated privately , a few things struck me : - your long text and the way it flowed was very introverted judging + ne . it ... i promise you that working at a home improvement store is worth it later on because you learn how to fix so many things that most people pay enormous amounts to fix . i worked my way up to management ... paradigm i find you fit your type very well . as a fellow mistyped inxp , you helped me get on the right path to finding my own best fit type . i can't emphasize enough how important it was that i find ... esfj tmlt get a maid service . if anyone would like to provide evidence , with examples , of my type being anything other than intj , please pm me and we can talk about it . i remain intensely skeptical that i'm mistyped , though ... 1 , i have worked in the field and i can continue to work in the field if i choose . i have done research , social work sort of stuff , and some counseling . i also did a bit in forensics as well . 2 , i ... i'm a one man sorta girl . no one can measure up to turlowe . however , i'd be into you if there were no turlowes .  ... maybe . : p ( seriously , i'd love to have you serenade me ) oh ! this is a flirting thread . :: just hit me :: for what it's worth , i was being serious , turlowe . <3 lol . i got tired of this a while ago , but i feel you ( ms in psych ) . i'm glad i'm not the only one . for me , it just so happens to be a lot of entps so i have made a very shallow and inaccurate ... oh turlowe dear ! i hope you have been doing well . miss you . i have a lot of stuff going on - just purchased a house and am moving into it this weekend - but i think of you often and i get that ... yes . i get turlowe ! i have lurked enough here to have a pretty solid idea about your type and i say definitely . ok , i really want to know how stonehenge was made . no . i do take a medication which , when i don't take it , has similar side effects to lsd ( been widely reported among those who are prescribed this medication and is one reason why doctors don't like ... extj ( if you mean marching band ) , xsfp if you mean other sort of band leader . type most likely to work from home . hutch napoleptic i think we must be moving on the same day . we'll be moving in on friday . - - - - - - - - - - i wonder if there's an opposite for stir crazy . it seems like i cannot start anything ... even though it's an echo of what others have said , if he has said that he likes your emails , then it doesn't bother him . he'll most likely update you if it ever does ; that's the way i work . i ... i was thinking about this again recently and another way of looking at it , for me , is that ni synthesizes ideas while ne generates ideas . i seriously can't believe we actually close on the house tomorrow morning . it's such a strange feeling to have an experience in adulthood that feels so much like memories of christmas from childhood ... you know what ? it actually does bother me that x thinks that i use ne . it's not because he thinks i'm an infp at that , either . it's more because he's wrong . it's frustrating because it looks like i ... i don't understand how this answers my question of give me an example of a time when you used ne . i was looking for concrete examples ; not asking anyone to stop using a function . chucky ... 1 . can you give me an example of a time when you used ne ? i cannot , but when i used to play in a jazz band , i think my infp friend , who played sax , used it when he improvised . he came up with all ... tea tree essential oil for burns works amazingly fast . also , all of us clumsy intjs could also benefit from lavender oil which heals bruises well ( the lavender should be mixed with a carrier oil like ... hi intp cousins . i have some questions about ne as it's experienced in the auxiliary position . i'm mostly interested in the following : 1 . can you give me an example of a time when you used ne ? ... could you explain , with an example , how that is ne instead of ni ? hmm . i can't say that i've ever fallen in love with someone who i * needed * to get over . my ex husband , i fell in love with who i thought he was . once it came out that he was entirely different , there ... i've never met anyone before who actually understood what i meant when i say that i can't work out with others around and this is exactly why i cannot . i wonder if it's an inferior se thing or if ... when i was in hs and college , it seemed as though people really liked me , but i couldn't ever tell why it was . now , i just don't care enough to form strong connections to people in person . ... the only time i've done this intentionally is when i was doing exposure therapy during a time of anxiety in my teens . i'm sure i do this every once in awhile because i love challenging myself ... didn't get enough sleep last night , so delegated some tasks to my intp <3 and laid down for a nap . we are moving in less than a week . the list was filled with easy stuff . intp takes the list , ... was anybody here raised in more sensoric environment ? how did it affected your personality ? i was raised on a lot of land and i think that helped me have a stronger appreciation for nature than i ... hmm . interesting . anyone else see ne instead of ni for me ? i'd say you're probably accurately typed as unknown , but i'd at least narrow it down to an inxx type ; maybe even an inxp type at that . that's the plan . i'd like an herb garden , a decent size vegetable garden , and maybe plant a few fruit bearing trees . i grew up in the country on an enormous 240 acre plot and my stepmother is an ... we are buying our dream house . it's something i've been planning for about 7 years now and all the hard work to get where i am is finally paying off . we have been living below our means so that we ... i'd suggest doing a google search for behavior chart . find some target behaviors she can be aware of during the week . at the beginning , only focus on two behaviors , but as she gets used to it , she ... the coolest thing about it , to me , was that even though i intellectually knew exactly what was going to happen , something instinctual inside me still got a little anxious and creeped out when it was ... got the notification of clear to close today . and yes , this is a vent because i wish we closed on the house yesterday instead of in a week . oh , 20 minutes until midnight my time . i mean in 6 days ... i'm going to guess xsfps tmlt wait until the last possible moment before telling their parents they need to stop to use the restroom . lol yikes ! perhaps this term wasn't as widespread as we thought , then . haha . i'll have to warn them ! typeone i consulted with my peers and discussed the terminology we used to describe what people now call sjws . we used to call them karma police based on a song that was popular when we were ... '