' hey guys , i was wondering if you could help me , i want to start a arts and media multimedia blog , with music , writing , video , pictures and comments available , but i ... capitalism doesn't suck corporatism sucks . if everyone had small businesses out of things they loved they wouldn't have to work so hard and even if they did still work ... well i did expect to continue growing and discovering , but i just expected there to be periods in the middle of being a certain way then something happens or i ... i haven't been on here for a while because i feel like i'm going through a metamorphosis that i'm a little confused about , i thought it might be over soon when i ... i have devoted 4 yrs to get my creativity back , and now i'm teaching others how to re-activate their own creativity , but i think creativity is more under used more ... you've just reminded my how good the ted channel is alextllz has a point , it's the people sleeping around that probably have intimacy problems , i mean your more likely if your trying to take intimacy out of sex . i have been afraid of intimacy and of sex , but not at the times in my life when i felt that it was special , i've always been more conducive to the idea of sex then . ... society lets itself be bullied by sadists because of their lazy vacuousness i really hope hendrix is infp i used to just ignore my body , and generally dislike it , i suppose i feel , not like it doesn't belong to me , but like it doesn't fit who i am inside , i'd certainly ... i'm aloof these days , really aloof , i'm pretty sure the person in question has no idea i'm in to them , finding conversation quite difficult but on the other hand , i want to know what happened to all the passion lovers ? being passionate used to be appreciated by someone once didn't it ? ? : unsure : i know i used to be annoying , and a depressed infp probs just makes people want to vom , but as i think it's a problem that is only made worse by a world lacking ... i don't think it will have any impact on the law , coz the more babies you have in this society the poorer you are and less time you have to fight for more rights , ... why your an extremist infj excluding me from your debate : tongue : i have to ask something , are muslims more fertile , or having more children than people of other faiths ? ... a soundart collage on a similar subject check my scores for this round : crazy : i do this a lot , i think it started after i pissed everyone off with a bout of depression , before that i didn't really tell people how i felt and then the experiement ... i haven't read much of your threads , but from this thread i'd have to say no , i don't think you are a ' truly horrible person ' but i do think yes ' you hate on yourself ... that sounds really good , i wonder if i can get into that again aboiut 1 foot apart i imagined a robot what does that mean ? i just watched this film today , i love it , but chris may not have did community service of any kind but he did touch all the other characters lives in a positive way , ... i only flirt for fun , i can't flirt outside platonic situations because i don't do what i like to call ' loaded ' conversation very well what did you do ? :P well films have a clear demarkation of ' goodies ' and ' baddies ' i want to see an action film , or scfi or something that has these demarkations ... i'm scared of hornets , i nearly got runover running from one thats a scary story dogs don't deliver the same amount nutrition , and you couldn't have a police chicken , or a sheep-chicken , they are so much less useful than a dog . : crazy : i would go with this , but based on her reaction if it is not just about her being illogical or something like that , there has to be something else that you have ... i can't play , i've had it taught to me when i was little , and then again a few years back and i still can't get it for more than a few seconds i have an undefined mood , that has lasted twenty-four hours , it's a cross between boredom and lack of motivation and i'm not sure what it is ? that was how i felt , two years ago . i find this with dice games and pool , i mean i'm not even good at pool although all my friends think i am now ! i couldn't hit a ball if i meant to but i could clear ... i have 124 iq did average at school got all c's an a in media and b in music , and a d in maths . but that until this year was the height of academic achievement what ... seriously trust you guys to find that ! i'm sure that won't be the first thing to come to mind but then again it didn't take you too long so maybe not then : laughing : : laughing : i love cooking , i make pies , homemade pizza and apple crumble , and grill anything like a pro . when i make a pie , i take a picture of it on my phone : blushed : turn it upside down , then it's a different symbol , i don't have a tumblr but i'm thinking of it now . but to me it seems from this thread it's a lot to do with blogging and photo's - ( fine art ) the things i create ... when my uncle left for oxford university and my mum took me there to see him ( when i was 6 ) then had a ' education is important ' conversation with me when we got home ... yeah that would be great , if we could think of the symbol : cool : i used to be the same way , at music college but i was always incredibly nervous there too o i think i found everything i did was a mistake and that ran over into ... i used to like to watch people when i was little , i don't do it so much now , but i do like to look at people on public transport and guess / makeup a personality or ... yep def cute i can be found in many places that are even surprising like clubs / raves but mostly i've gone to hang out with a friend who i don't see that much and they love it , i ... from the numbers it looks like the loving autumn thing might be an infp thing : tongue : because it's snowing in london england , ( and other than last year , it never does really ) whats your favourite weather / season ? mine is the dry but quite windy , but dry , ... : laughing : is she freudian ? then it's all politics : tongue : '