' hello ! i am obviously not icewater lily , nor an icewater lily , whatever that is . but i am a real person , and kind , once you know me . :) i had an account a long time ago in a different phase ... what do you want for father's day ? i get the words sweet and quiet most often . sometimes i'm pretty sure extroverts get scared of my silence . i can't imagine why ; i'm every bit as loud as a nun off duty ... okay , well , not quite . ... hope you don't mind i'm using your thread . even if you do , too late now ... here goes . 1 . female isfjs ... nothing like them . 0__0 2 . i swear , sometimes i wish they'd just disappear . 3 . yes , i'm ... three intjs ! wow ! :) it's interesting that you should get along best with the extraverted _sfj rather than the introverted one . hmm ... ... what are their types and how do you relate to them ? in our family , it's intj - infp - esfp - isfj . parents are infp / entj . intj - infp : really close . mutual understanding and ... staying vital and vibrant and happy . i'm beginning to see people's faults more distinctly , including my own ... it's depressing . :| i'm surrounded by filth , and i myself am filthy . i am still happy , ... aww ... ^ . ^ okay ! thank you ! and yes , i have noticed this ; it's very ethereal in its composition . i'd say the most substantial song i've heard of hers is the dark night of the soul , simply because of what the ... this is me all over . - _ - never done it , but i've thought about it . i've never actually been in a relationship , but that is not to say i haven't felt those kinds of feelings . from afar . often ... congratulations ! hope all goes well . :) generally they take it either very positively or very negatively . negative : 1 . cold 2 . stoic 3 . judgmental 4 . snooty 5 . aloof / disdainful 6 . depressed true , in relationships in general , too . :) you may come off as mysterious and intriguing if you're lucky , but no one really , really appreciates who you are--because they don't know who you are . ... kissing ... trees . i mean , there's nothing else to kiss , after all ... i love the feel of the uneven bark against my lips . rose petals wind rushing round my body and through my soul ... the ... yay ! hope for the best . :) and have a nice time ! * looks up , reaches out * got it ! thank you kindly . :) within - :') d'aww ! ( i know you probably didn't appreciate that , but i couldn't help myself . : 3 ) turn to nature ; if anything , it's humanity's connection to the divine . it's healing to gaze at the sky , to feel the wind on your face , to let your soul drink in the rain and thunder and crisp air ... positive rants are the best ! you just feel connected to nature , as a part of the beauty that surrounds you ... yes , it makes me sad when infps feel depressed and turn to dark thoughts . for a happy ... aw ... yay ! so glad you're feeling well . :) i've been working on it . * sigh * i used to freeze up during awkward situations , but now i try to just let it go and be able to laugh at myself . the strange thing is , when i'm immersed in doing ... * hugs * you are not alone . there are times i must force myself to go on , but this is not where you've ended up--you're still traveling . the darkness will pass ; it always does . let the light heal you . ♥ 1 . i am grateful , so grateful , for a chance to live and taste freedom and love . life , in and of itself , is such a precious gift . i'm also grateful for the ability to dance and sing and run and walk ... first i got 45 , but i thought it was far too low to be true . then somehow i managed to bump it up to 49 . i could probably still stretch it a little further , without really being wrong . this test is ... i do relate to this . sometimes i feel lonely and disappointed because everyone else around me falls so short of the sincerity and odd kind of youthful maturity i'm used to ( from my inner self ) . i ... yes . spot on . maybe it's easier for p's than j's , do you think ? after all , an xnfj does have completely different cognitive functions from an xnfp , though they are still nf's . yes , reading her blog is definitely a good start ! if you mention it maybe once to her , she'll latch on to that right away and think about it . you don't have to talk about the content of her blog ... oh , yay ! one of my own dearest friends is an infj . :) usually , though , it's i who come off too strong ... if she likes literature , which is not uncommon among us , you could try discussing mutual ... - you were wrong ; you are wrong , but i understand that you don't understand . i love you . - everyone has scars , and i know you do your best . thank you for that . - you didn't mean what you said , ... ocean star falling wind bright , in no premeditated sequence . but i guess that's nine words . :) that hurt , for some reason . but yes . so . beautiful . ♥ oh ... by the way , thank you for an interesting thread ! :) i like this one . there are mountains with long shadows cast softly over them . it is the odd half-light between day and night , but there's just enough sun filtering over the horizon to see the sweet flowers hidden in ... just curious . :) i'm wondering if there's a trend among ne-dominants of abhorring spiders , or if my observations are merely coincidental . the way i relate to different people depends on their personality , honestly . an estp might need a little more matter-of-fact guidance , while an infp would respond better if i prompted gently . i work ... yes , i relate to that . thank you ! :) you need as much as makes you happy . :) it differs . have you ever heard of the five love languages ? if i ever love , i will love with my whole heart . that's probably why i don't give it away easily . i guess some would call this a commitment issue ? :D seriously , though , love is central to who i ... yes , the fi clashing with fi makes perfect sense . thank you for your input ! :) thank you , that really helped ! be warned i might be asking you more questions in the future . ;) a . : 3 b . thank you ! c . ♥ positive or negative . :) also , if you can , please provide some insight into why you related to each other the way you did . i'm just trying to figure out a friend of mine ; thank you for your help . :) are you depressed ? :| ha ! no . thanks for asking ... after i express sorrow for roadkill : what , you can't deal with that ? who do you like ? after all , it's totally like i'm going to answer ... well , these are my closest friends ... - my brother , estj , borderline on everything but j . - my sister , esfp , with an anti-stereotypical passion for books . - infj these are my close friends ... my dear friend is an isfp . i was a new kid at school this past year , and almost from the time we met , we were best friends , and became closer throughout the school year , to the point where we were ... okay , since it doesn't have to be a device , per se ... the ability to see and feel , distinctly , other people's auras . like , you can see them as the people move , they have a color , a drift , a ... ooh , scuba diving . it's extremely quiet ; no one can bother you with an endless stream of chatter . :) also , it's so lovely down there , kind of like a lost world that only a few have remembered over ... yes , thank you ! :) also , this one . i don't necessarily agree with everything she says , but her central point is amazing . yay ! keep up the good work , dear . :) we're proud of you too , for holding out with what you feel is best . i've been told everything from it feels like you're staring into my soul to you have pretty eyes . :D they are without a doubt my most complimented physical feature . hmm ... 76425 there you ... '