' phillps is played by david berman : david berman grissom : catherine : sara : nick : warrick : brass : dr . robbins : greg : hodges : phillips : my entp son is very much a manipulator , and he knows it . he orchestrates very careful arguments in favor of what he wants , devises a plan of attack , and delivers it all with excellence . my entp son is gut-busting funny . i've had harder laughs with him than anyone else in the world . he can take every day situations and make them into hilarious stories . his one-liners are humorous as ... possible lord of the rings infps ? legolas arwen frodo arogorn treebeard <3 <3 <3 enfjs <3 <3 <3 i watch people all the time for any number of reasons . it's mainly just to try to figure out what's going on with them ... why they might act a certain way , why they're frowning , why they're ... the one i know is a megaphone . feels that to keep the secrets of others is deceptive , so we should tell everyone every detail about everyone we know . i used to feel guilty about doing my artwork rather than a lot of the other things i was supposed to do . that changed , though , when i remarried and had my second husband's approval for spending all ... hi nusha . welcome : happy : i like that description . thank you for the compliment . i can have some strong j qualities at times ( it does bother me to leave things unfinished , but it doesn't always bother me enough ... here's an example of my writing . however , i never went back to develop some of the ideas , so it isn't finished ( and may never be :P ) . ... absolutely . i've had public jobs and could do well in them again if i needed to . i remember thinking , when i was in my early 20 ' s , how hopeless it was to work for other people . raises ? they never ... i'm not questioning it ... i feel certain that i am infp . but , sometimes we can deceive ourselves , and others are able to provide insight . just wondering if anyone has a different opinion about my personality type , judging from my posts . enfj : they're engaging on so many levels . they have a certain depth in their eyes ( which are locked in when you're talking with them ) . it almost feels as if i could crawl into them . they're ... my ex called my artwork , playing in your little corner all day . ha ! he's remarried and working two jobs . my second husband ( who encouraged me to follow my dreams ) doesn't have to work at all ... oh , with that kind of purpose in mind ... i would have to totally agree with you . i have a strong aversion to the idea of eating a horse ( or dog or cat ) . : shocked : horses ... non-indigenous united statesians of the lighter hue ? that's 1:27 mins of my life i'll never get back . ok , excuse the country twang , but this is a decent video that shows the 4 different horsenalities . some of the examples could have been better , but this is the best one i could find : ... thanks for the laugh - that's great ! hugs thehigher . we all need to realize that a lot of the stuff here is subjective ... so we should be careful about which advice to take to heart . don't let it get you down . people are going to ... your artwork is beautiful snail . expressive ... and i can just feel the emotion involved , very engaging . i want to hug you . your ex is a sick bastard . nothing pisses me off more than liars and ... every scene in this movie moves me : youtube - first knight - mercy me : i can only imagine i like to inspire people to seek their passions and pursue them . have done so on many occasions ... it's one of my own passions ( to see others acknowledge and pursue theirs ) . maybe i'm a closet e , ... awww ! thanks for sharing , lol . [ turns around and sticks tongue out at mcg ) . youtube - celtic pan-flute pan-flute.com i was here first ! [ pushing her way back in front of googles ] me , please :) i don't frequent many sites . if i'm not on fb ( and now here ) , i'm drawing or maintaining my website . i do like weather.com when there is some good weather going on ( particularly severe thunderstorms ... it helps me to understand myself and others . you're welcome . i've been under the influence of a motivator and it doesn't feel nice . in fact , once the fog lifted , made feel like a real idiot . i don't think arguing different sides is ... almost never . i'm completely the opposite ... especially about the gifts thing . in rare instances , i'll laugh hilariously ... and it's got to be outrageously funny . and sometimes , if i'm really ... boy , did you guys fool him ! hi :) just be sure to wear your sunglasses on the road to damascus and don't look at the bright light ... can blind you . smiley papenfus ( who ? ? ? ) says that manipulation is trying to get someone to do something because of your own selfish motives ; and motivation is trying to get someone to do something because of the ... then , i need an image removed . who can do that for me ? it's posted in the member's pics and videos section . if laziness , procrastination , self-centeredness , and all-talk-no-action bothers you ... it's not likely to get any better . if you think you're hung up in a relationship and you're not even married ... hurley's awesome ... probably my fav character . my husband , son , and i have a lost-a-thon every year , starting some time in december . we watch all the previously released seasons to gear up for the ... my parents , my brother , and i are all introverts , so i have no idea what that must have been like . my husband's family : aunts , uncles , cousins ... all the blood relatives ... are very extroverted , ... they're not as complicated as humans , but they all have their own unique personalities . all dogs aren't the same , and all dogs within a particular breed aren't the same . some breeds are more likely ... hi sear , we need to know your personality type before we can decide if we like you or not ( and just how hard does he bite ? ) . j / k . hope you like it here . my dog is infp . he doesn't socialize much with the other dogs , but he can get along well with them when he does . he's intuitive , because i can say his name in one context and he knows i want this , ... pretty picture ! thank you :) i love the quote in your signature , too . the heaviness comes from a mixture of responsibility for everyone around me , the need to ensure harmony among family members , the lack of play , guilt when everything doesn't turn out perfectly for ... the enfj i know is one of maybe two or three people on earth that i feel i can connect with . i would trust him with anything ... and he trusts me as well . there have been times when there was a great ... oh , please don't fix that ! it's what makes you an attractive and kind person . i don't know the answer , but it's certainly not to change those beautiful qualities . i think some people aren't sure , to begin with , what their type is . my first test turned out infp . i had a test later that turned out istj - huh ? ? ? but i realized that when i took that particular ... '