' oh sweet memories capitalism like my life will end early way too forward , i'd say . might be creepy probably one of the greatest infp ( or any ixfx ) anthems not being her boyfriend i know i'm friggin disposable . i do my best to trust you and i'm sorry you feel bad and tell me countless times you're not going to replace me . i should be more trusting . but that guy is like me , yet ... not joy , that's for sure name any brown haired nerd character and that's probably me . except i don't really look like that ( marco is the one who looks like me the most and even then it's not by much ) . they're either infps ... haven't been feelig well at all , so here's some vent art   ... tumblr : pretty much every fp type ( in its unhealthy variants ) , particularly enfps and isfps . mistyped as infj . facebook : esfj twitter : esfp 4chan : entp perc : infp youtube : estj google : intp ... unheathy enfps spiders are cool . i have a few cellar spiders in my room , i call them the anti-mosquito patrol . they're buds . my face is a mystery ... look like an isfp uwu aka infj early and mid 2000s , accurate . 22 . twenty two . t-w-e-n-t-y t-w-o estp , def blue : ixfj or even a soft ixtj . i'm going with infj . yellow : entj , like the stereotype . the pearls are most likely istjs . esfj 40,000 men and women everyday , like romeo and juliet . we can be like they are . isfp your beauty exceeds the gravity of a black hole , baby : wink : : wink : : wink : : wink : rebecca is probably an infp herself . ... i love that song i'm burning but not for you . hatred is ripping me apart . i burn . humanity has been doomed for a long time . sometimes the best we can do is just try to make the world a little less shitty for those who haven't succumbed to the doom . and she's his friggin aunt too . ( i'm sure r + l = j is pretty much confirmed for the books too . as for jon's actual name ... not so sure ) i'm still not sure whether i'm an infp or a very sensitive ( and lazy ) intj ... also , you probably need more friends , maybe . here is a good place to start . i don't know , but i follow this moral code now . i play to win , not to bow . victory is the absolute end , power and strenght are sometimes necessary means . better dead than bent , my will will stop ... you're not the most hated type . you're wallowing in self pity , i know it because i do it myself and by god i won't let anyone else hurt themselves that way . i think this image describes perfectly what i'm going through right now . i just hate how it turned from interesting political drama to generic fantasy story about defeating a big supernatural evil but littlefinger's death was sweet . idubbz does kinda remind me of myself when i'm being tough so there is a chance he's an nf ( or a sensitive ntj maybe ? ) i'm on the same path ... either that or a path of absolute darkness . i'll either redeem myself or become a monster . i did it again ... your ideal mate is an infp idealistic and romantic to the core , infps see the people they love as ... i have hit rock bottom . again . basically this maybe something that hurts '