' another day of constantly changing weather . esfp : do you know it just started raining ? ( excited tone , as if she was saying about something special ) entp : so ? ( bored tone ) esfp : ... me : < laughing ... i was never called a robot but i was called a computer multiple of times . every time i do something wrong ( or rather : forget to do something ) my dad tells me you are like f * * * ng computer . if you ... you seem to be a si dom to me and despite what you say you are actually quite organized / decisive which indicates te . i smell istj . but take it with a grain of salt because i am not sure at all ... it's all good now . mom is after her surgery . honestly , she and her imagination - she thought that the surgery will take half of a day and she will have to be slept through it but ... it actually ... it's my fault . i never told him what is on my mind - he is probably sure i plan to be unemployed and depend on his money my whole life . we don't really talk much , especially about things i find ... there is no apartment complexes per se , as far as i am aware of ( there are housing cooperatives but i honestly have no idea what kind of prices they have , well , my cousins grandma managed to rent ... thanks for input . i guess i just have to wait it out again . i am not in state allowing me to think clearly . - i am actually tired of being there for parents . i feel they blackmail me by saying ... hello everyone . it happened again . i got in fe grip . i figured that since you guys - esfjs - use the same functions set as me but in opposite order ( my inferior is your dominant , my tertiary is ... i can just go to a bar and ask a random stranger if he knows any clubs i could join ? : shocked : i checked library offer . they have some classes for seniors 50 + and for kids . noone my age . we don't ... unfortunately i live in a tiny city and the only club here is something similar to farmer's wives ' association , lol . there used to be a middle school astronomy club which i semi-attended ( we have a ... date me . just kidding . ^ ^ ' i have similar problem . i am bi so i might have it easier ( random guys hit on me sometimes ) but i also have trouble moving from casual friends to romantic ... functions don't really have minds on their own so si isn't doing anything bad . it just recalls some unclear , distressing emotional state from the past and ne takes it ( it takes anything it can , like a ... tell me more . ^ ^ ' everything you say here is what i have been through . i also couldn't see / accept my aux ne because my head was full of worst outcomes and fears and i focused on preserving what i ... sensory overload is my thing too . and i associate it with my tertiary si . but it could be independent from functions as well - spd is real issue . and it's not like we use only one function from ... so far everything points for infp . but you seriously got issues messing the type up . i mean ... not being able to think of a happy situation ? ... c'mon . how would you deal with a dementor if it ... infp , a book example if you ask me . your fi is obvious ( you are all about your personal feelings and values ) , you definitely use ne ( imagination is in your veins . ) and the fact you used to think ... i also thought it's possible you are just being obvious - therefore the first must be true . paradoxically . :D or perhaps it's both - both of us have obvious thought patterns . you answered more like infp than intp but my questions were indeed not the best so it could go any way . try reading this and telling what you identify with the most : plz , the different in ... nah . i focused on the though process your topic triggered in my head and followed that , creating my own theory out of curiosity and interest in dreams . i wasn't trying to figure out what you might be ... do you have asperger ? what you wrote sounds like intp and the functions also seem to fit , emotional problems could easily relate to being in grip of inferior fe . but i agree that there is ... it seems we think alike . apparently falling dreams are caused by feeling your real life is out of control . control freaks are sensitive to this therefore they should be more prone to having nightmares about falling than ... i've figured that much . i am more curious about whatever or not you have that dreams . btw . falling is not much of a deal in my dreams but for some reason i am freaked out by trains . my worst nightmares involve being on railway tracks ( at least 2 tracks right next to each other ) and ... i don't think of myself as control freak but i did have some dreams about falling . usually i just make some magic tricks when that happens and i either land on ground as if i jumped from bed , not ... it's my interpretation but i believe istj will be more organized than isfj due to si-te pair . they remember what was ( si ) and make proper system out of it ( te ) , visibly outside . isfj uses si-ti , ... right ? everyone should be genetically prejudiced against bitter taste because poisonous plants are usually bitter . the difference is huge . i dislike bitter but i love love love love sour . it's my favorite taste . i add citric acid , lemon juice or vinegar to everything i can . yesterday i ate a boiled egg drenched ... i see fi and te . the fact you seem unsure whatever you are thinker or feeler indicates feeling aux , thinking ter or the other way around - neither of them is dominant . and you seem to use ne over se ... the difference between istj and intp you mentioned are differences between si dom vs si ter and ne aux vs ne inf ( istj : si te fi ne , intp : ti ne si fe ) so it doesn't say you are surely istj , it just ... yeah . i can stand it while eating but the taste stays in mouth way too long afterwards . i see fe dom , intuitive aux in you . therefore enfj . btw . reading what you said brought smile on my face . i already like you . :) seriously , you made my day . i have no idea why but you sound really ... i watch both . they are very good , both are my favorites in this season although i prefer ajin to erased . i still don't know enough about erased - it's pretty complex - so i am waiting with my ... whats wrong with ikea furniture ? it is just as easy and fun as lego . i never had any problem with it except for one time they forgot to drill 2 holes , lol . i still knew what to do but i had to borrow ... do they ? i never realized it . i even had a microwave that wouldn't spin at all , but that one was broken . :D man . it made me curious . i am going to check it out . brb . hey ! it really does ! so ... it might backfire . math has nothing to do with si in case of intps . if i were to answer the question i would say both work for me equally . when i start with a math theory i will understand it ( ti ) ... you answered pretty much every single question the same way i would answer them ( with slight differences ) therefore you are intp with strong si , like me . you like understanding ideas , analyzing ... sounds like istp in ti-ni loop aka wtf years : category : wtf years - istp wiki - wikia . i would suggest focusing on passing exams ( they are not far away , right ? it would be a waste to give up ... i was generalizing . i don't personally care what my facebook friends do , i don't even read . i keep facebook so my real life friends can contact me in fb messager instead of texting my phone and ... i come up with the same conclusion : father : istp mother : estj , unhealthy sister : esfp don't do it . he is right . internet and video games are huge waste of time . won't you agree it can make you spend whole day doing pretty much nothing at all ? it sure is great information source - ... i wouldn't pay much attention to this . it's just a stereotype , true for some se-ti guys but rarely true for se-fi woman . the description is copy paste from there : how se acts in all 4 positions - ... how about characters of current season anime ? ajin , haruchika , hai to gensou no grimgar ... so far i analyzed main haruchika characters . chika : i don't have any doubts she is estp . her se dom is ... you missed esfp . any input ? estj : te si ne fi isfp : fi se ni te esfp : se fi te ni you say you act like estj in stress . when we get stressed we have to depend on underdeveloped tertiary or ... editor , i guess ? i find errors in others people work and explain how they can fix them . i also help in any task requiring help . and when everything is done i am the one who puts everything in one ... do you prefer clothes to be fashionable or comfortable ? assuming they can't be both at once . you have to choose between a fashionable but a little tight / itchy / firm brand new shirt or comfortable ... umm ... could you give actual example you really come up with ? because going upside down with lots of colors and lightnings doesn't sound like titanic at all ( well , yeah , titanic had some lights and ... mbti extroverts don't have to be people people . it's just that they spend more time outside their minds than they do at introspection . extrovertism is a matter of dominant function . my mom is esfp ... from what you said i would opt for estp or isfj . or maybe even one of intuitiors . how do you know he is introvert , sensor and perceiver ? if he is a sensor - does he use se or si ? i had a dream i was in neighbor city and seen a huge tornado , like this one : 475282 i tried to take a photo of it with my mobile phone but couldn't - the tornado was behind trees and i failed ... '