' here , you go , but why is the quote function so screwed up ? look at all that white space ! 1 . i have traces of general anxiety maybe , and i'm a maximizer for sure . 2 . the first image is ... sure , why not ? post it here ? or link to the thread ? like some others , i believe that the mbti are patterns of activity , so nobody is really one type fully , they can have multiple types that describe them well . with that said , i was wondering if you ... i am so sad they are all set to private . i was going to go back and start watching some , but now there's no way . they were really good resources and the people she talked to were diverse and ... i think you need to force it . she's a lost cause . treat yourself better . dario nardi's neuroscience of personality book says that mbti is about patterns of brain activity . patterns , not a fixed set of functioning . from this , it's easy to assume / see how somebody can be ... so ... is there still a point to this thread ? or should i leave before it disa isfj is this what you want to hear ? because i can give you what you want to hear , but it won't be honest . 1 . physical , though you could say it was somewhat intimidating or indirect too . i wouldn't want to bully someone , i'd probably have to force myself to do it , like [ squeemish ] but you need to be ... i love music but i don't have the healthiest relationship with it . i over analyze it . i can feel myself automatically trying to predict where a song will go , or change my experience with it a song ... i am only vulnerable when i watch tv . and by vulnerable i mean truly emotionally open . sometimes i have these deep , profound moments that are so much more than the story ... they stir things up in me ... they are just unreasonable . but there is one final thing you could try : asking them what they don't want . there was a quote from the bridge ... [ edit ] meant to say under the dome , something like ... i officially certify this post 200 % enfj . by inspires , i mean something that when you experience it , it changes how you think and you see life . things open up or seem hopeful . things have a sparkle to them . you will know the experience ... i walk uncalmly ... there is nothing laid back about it . it's purposeful , fast , and a bit straight . i notice a lot of guys when they walk , their feet so at an angle . i so don't do that . walking and ... of course i do ! i feel like it's somewhat uncool to talk technically or just flat out say what i feel in real life . it can be really harsh as well . there's somebody i want to break a friendship off ... what they really mean is they want to be surprised , using their familiar palette of foods . i do this sometimes too . they just said it wrong . they should have said choose something you know both of ... you mean you don't have those powers ? were you born disabled or something ? i wish i could glow in the dark : laughing : i love that website , so thanks ! i'll go read it now . i noticed something about myself today : i've got a lot of contradictions . i love efficiency and smart system design , but i'm bad at time management and getting projects done i am pretty ... however , do note that my handwriting changes a lot depending on the tool i'm using and the surface . sometimes it doesn't feel natural to write like that and i ... children nowadays look much older . i only graduated in 2008 but i swear there are 14 and 15 year olds that look already in their early 20s . i didn't meant to be so harsh . just it would be more ... bureaucracy crap at it's finest ! i heard something on castle recently that totally crushes the well if it was a good idea , someone would have implemented it by now bs . it was something like large ... it's something that people should learn ( to read at least ) , but besides that , i don't see the point . it's not used on computers , it's not used on tv , in not legal documents , where really is it being ... i'm glad makeup exists . our identity is highly linked to what we see in the mirror . regardless of how much you care / don't care about your appearance , it's the one of the first signs of ... i feel like if i don't know the outcome or can't achieve it , why even both in the first place ? i need a bit of certainty with things ( that's why wasting time is acceptable - not that i like to waste ... learn to dumb down what you want to talk about . people probably won't be interested if you go on a huge tangent , but maybe you can rope them in to listen . i don't think calling him an istj is a good thing to do . it's like validating his behavior behind a label ! he just sounds insufferable . what kind of parent makes their kind sleep in the shed or the ... i feel like such a complex bundle of emotions . i feel disappointed , ready to fix mistakes the of the past , yet at the same time too lazy and discouraged to do anything . but i do really want it . i think the only way to change your personality is to make a conscious effort and stick to it until it feels natural . you need to do / feel it until you've totally assimilated it . i guess i could say ... i don't have any science to back up my facts , but i would actually think that due to so much instant gratification that it decreases the amount of dopamine one has . kind of like too much of a good ... my personal computer . seriously , it has music and all my stuff on it and it's extremely easy / tempting to distracted just because it's so available . it's like putting tons of 5 star restaurant ... i was thinking the same thing ! * cue all memories when i've seen somebody knocked out by a brick in a tv show * what else about bricks ... well bricks are similar blocks , and reminds me of microsoft ... mbti's rules ( you need to use all 4 , they must be alternating , and they must fit to any of these 16 ) are one of the reasons why it's a flawed model by the way . why only concrete , abstract , and spiritual categories ? shouldn't there be more ? and in what context ? writing stories , forums online , what ? i don't write stories , but i could see how they could be ... why do you want castration ? isn't sterilization good enough ? killing everybody who doesn't agree with your methods . never said it was the most fool proof or risky , but you have the benefit of making examples of those who step out of line and they can't ... i just think that the way a message is delivered can be more important than the actual content . i also heard about the framing effect as well which is similar . yeah , my examples were over the top , ... i think you need to employ tough love . if they will not listen to convention wisdom or even a bullet list of why it can / should help them , then you need to lay out what the situation is bluntly , like ... underutilized ( shit , i thought you siad a single word . now i dont want to go back and have to come up with something again - this is all you get ! ) intp here . i think it means ... conviction intrinsic value ( i'm not doing this for the money ! ) individualism secrecy not easily logical ( like if you wanted to distill it down a ... reading personality type descriptions and taking tests is the least accurate way to know your type . remember there was a study once done where everybody thought they were getting individualized ... is there anything we can do to bring option b higher ? i know you said assume the exact scientific estimate but that is hard to do in this case . i feel like if it's already 33 % likely to save 3x as ... yes . another thing is i think people are capable of self-inception ... if there is enough incentive / fear driving something , people can put in the effort to change or will be forced . and when in a ... i don't think ryan gosling is good looking . i think it's cause dreams want to be exciting and full of action . and that usually means high stake sitations or violence or crazyness , etc . i just see violence as a means to an end . plus , a lot of ... nope . i had only a couple nightmares as a kid , but then they went away . my dreams , like the above post , are usually violent but i am never effected by them . most times i am not even in my dreams ... this is something i've been experiencing recently in my personal life . i've heard it as an observation and almost an insult . when i am most calm and can think best , i have a tendency to get into ... oh , i saw it as something like this : you need to me relay messages . > therefore you are in a position of power . hypothetical situation : you think you are not being rewarded enough for your actions , ... '