' except if it's paired with fi , like esfps . they love to control others to improve their feelings and associated self-image . nfs can get hurt by other types , unlike how an nf could be hurt by another nf . it's a matter of self-preservation . sps like to run away from relationships that nfs want to cherish , sjs can suck ... i've been acting out against abuse lately . i'm tired of being treated badly and expected just to take it . it's worse whenever the people that i care about don't support me and just jab the knife in ... maybe you're an infj . fi is a shadow function for infjs . i try to stay away from inviting people over or scheduling events , because i don't like getting let down . i'll go along though , 95 % of the time , if i get invited or asked out . you make great points . i think i'm too sensitive , because i can pick up someone's use of a function very quickly . and unless i have something in common with that person , it's hard to work past a ... here's a linky ( what color eyes would your children have ? ) . press click to begin and then how is eye color inherited ? . on the right , it shows that blue is never dominant , green is dominant ... i say she's an isfp . over-aggressive ti ... hmmm ... i guess that's why i've been called harsh . i find that i enjoy interacting with those who use the same functions as i do ( nifetise ) . and i brush off someone if they're using fi . i usually think they're just trying to be selfish or ... ok . well , brown is dominant , so that makes it a default color . my parents have green and green-hazel eyes . from what i've read , green + green can equal brown . yeah right . whatever ... :d ry : : tongue : it's not that hard to figure out . if an nf tends to overreact , then they probably will . but if they don't , then they probably won't . duh ... : tongue : lord of the rings ( i could have been sleeping in my bed ... not the theater seat . ) what's wrong with brown ? : mellow : omg ! the whole ' switch-a-roo game ' is emotionally frustrating , since it takes so much energy just to go outside the house . : blushed : i find we can deal with it by : being the leader and sticking to ... i've been thinking the same thing ... no . selfishness isn't a factor . giving to others is about them - fe . i worry about being selfish whenever i'm borrowing a friend's book or asking for a piece of someone's pizza ... hurting or ... career change ? find a nice lady who needs you to take care of her house and kitties . that's what i need . : tongue : ok ... lol ! : crazy : you're just arguing to argue . * yawn * if you don't believe in an unbiased heart , then you've never been rescued by an nf . for many nfs , there are no repayments or kickbacks owed . we just give ( blindly ) and that's it . call it empathy ... typical ... : bored : i'll second that ! : happy : eta : i find that istps are physically attracted to isfps , esfps , and esfjs ... until they lose interest and get annoyed or bored . ... by enhancing other functions . rouge , it's called having an unbiased heart ... and it's beautiful . i do not believe that peoples ' personality types ( overall ) change , unless under extreme circumstances like experiencing a psychological illness . so , forcing a cognitive change is like trying to hold ... i agree with you . it wasn't a spelling error . you used the wrong word , twice . there's a difference . i understand what you're trying to say , but teaching by example or teaching at all is a terrible way to orient a relationship . i've been there was estps , and it just made me angry . i had ... it's too , not to . : confused : we are egocentric . we love ourselves . we have way too much pride ... hmmm . no thanks . i think i'll just stick to introverts . i find them genuine . here . let me answer . what a waste ! why the eff should i have to save anyone in a romantic relationship ? what happened to love being the emphasis ? my mom had said something along those lines ... socionics.com says their hidden agenda is : to be loved . : shocked : or maybe she doesn't like bold letters ? ? ? : wink : istps are dolls . they're adorable ! : crazy : so are all of these questions part of a homework assignment ? if i could go back , i would have done engineering and said * * * off to all of the sites that say that infps , infjs , and infps make sloppy engineers . i'm much happier figuring things out than ... i like the challenge of math and science . there are so many ah hah ! moments ... : crazy : i've done my share of art , too . and i have a ba in a foreign language . :p roud : exactly ! i miss my entire family right now . my friends from back home , too . thankfully , i went out with my sister last night , and it was wonderful ... like something out of a movie . : laughing : awesome ! : tongue : she's scary , because she lets what's inside out . i'm not a very calm person inside either . i have a lot of drive and with it comes intense thoughts , feelings , and emotions . ... what exactly do they mean by household income ? ? ? households can vary greatly ! deep , deep , down , to the deepest point of my inner self , i feel like this : youtube - fiona apple - sleep to dream ( live ) i tell you how i feel , but you don't care i say tell me the truth , ... yep ! it's easier to cut them out of my life . where are the scissors ? : wink : omg ! she's an esfj . i agree with my mom on this one . : wink : i find myself being a people pleaser . i was called selfish so many times by my mother that i think pleasing people is a form of ' corrective behavior ' . : unsure : isn't it true , though ? : crazy : the best is how the extroverted thinkers text . they're so funny ... you won't get a text from them for long periods of time , but whenever there's something going ... from what i've noticed , istps move horizontally through careers . they sort of spread themselves out over an area of work , and try to learn a new skill set , technique , or job associated with what ... no . if you scored a 6 for type 9 , then that should be your basic type - since it's the highest score . infj ? : blushed : omg ! i love this song ... it's a little soft , but i would love to leave everything behind and walk out into a field barefooted and watch fireflies swarm . it would be intoxicating ! and then maybe ... '