' no matter how i see , he does have some feelings towards you but however he had difficulties deciphering his thoughts & feelings and to put them down in words . he enjoyed those conversations with you , ... not needed since i begin to lose the festive vibe on birthdays , festivals too become infected as well . now i just laugh at myself during my birthday and say i'm now one more year closer towards my death ! i don't usually yell , but when i do , i make people scream afterwards . to me , it's not just about yell , but more of the function of a yell . ' haps it gives me the vibe to put my emotions to ...  ] < a ... during my younger days i was plump , but got out of that shape ever since i was 13 , with some muscles rising and smiling at me ever i got enlisted into the army this june . i am like a flagbearer who spent all daylong painting and designing the flag of my own , scavenge for the material for the pole , plot out the schematics , and eventually crafted out that masterpiece of ... while i do not excel in public speaking , i enjoy the way i convey my message to those who are concerned of . it is totally different from writing and you expect responses from your audience and at ... you notice that the infp is tagged with a purple tint to distinguish away from other temperaments 1 . tap on their shoulder while facing them . 2.look into their eyes . 3.give them a genuine but somewhat silly smile . 4.say : i'll sit beside you ' knaw . 5.sit beside them . my fingers love backspace like honey to bear ( or isit the other way round ? ) when you have a bunch of contacts lists that you dont bother adding them to ur lists to put them with names , instead ... i am the one who notice the slight sparks and lightnings in the words of people ( whether or not they like someone or otherwise ) i am the one who can admire the scenery or flowing water for hours ... and i thought pacing up and down ( or left and right ) enhance your ability to think ( or daydreaming in this case ) ? another breathtaking moment there are days when you linger after school for a quick bite , or taking a light drink after doing the laundry . throw in some of your favourite food and discover among us if the spectra hits among the ... multiple perspectives , i like the sound of that . i can always seem to relate how other people feel at any point of time , provided i am given sufficient information on a situation that the person ... passion shall be my fuel , and my determination shall be my tools in my craftsmanship , but where shall i seek encouragement ? defeated in downheartedness always seem to barge in unpleasantly , sowing ... and is anyone really good at directions but horrible at giving directions - definitely . i navigate by my feelings and i certainly cannot give directions like : go straight , until when you feel ... that post lightens me up like peeling the skin of an orange with the bare hands and the juices splashes out for a good light fruity feast . i want to write for a living , is it a dream meant for ... sometimes when a person ask a infp , those questions tend to be very demanding in a way that it demands the answer to be held in the higher regard like how someone treats the answer more importantly ... sometimes i believe that physics has tried to explain the unknown in a logical and reasonable way and that makes me feel safe of the unknown when i scribble down the equations and stuff down . physics ... for an infp , he may be appearing to be frustrated , and you had also used the correct word to describe the observation on his mood as an observer . but do not worry , from what i know , i get to some ... my last toe on both on my feet tends to curl inwards like an infant lying in the arms of his / her mother , it's supposed to be a genetic trait that goes in my family . my fingers are very ladylike ... physics has always been a topic at the top of my list whenever i encounter a slow-going conversation with someone else to heat up the flow . i like the logic and the rational behind every formula , the ... in my twenty , single . challenges are always welcomed , but what i fear is if the challenge has been conquered , will the attraction then cease ? hmm , i do not hate things when it goes as planned but to me it is rather boring if things get listed out in life like how it is on paper . i always like to see how people react to surprises ( pleasant ... i think they are more or less trying to help you by pointing out the truth but sometimes it just hurt to get the truth smacked in our faces so the dtip phrase is just to act as if it is lightening ... i'm eating oreo and kit-kat while i post this . tick this if you love cheesecake . showering ( bathing dosen't counts ) having a meal alone at home watching a moving water body ( rain , fish tank , fountain ) walking on a moving platform ( transport , lift , escalator ) mostly when i ... i highly recommend the new series stein ; gate that came up after getting adopted from its visual novel . the story has much more stuff to reveal beyond the screen , really much a series that gets you ... it is our privilege to be lonely . it is our advantage to be lonely . we have the ability to stay close to ourselves when we are alone . we reflect , we ponder , we caress our very own selves with ... yes , i love cats . 2 hands , 2 feet , we have five digits on each =D having a run through the replies in this thread makes me feel that infps ' words are really soothing and gentle . they are like fabrics of silk constantly massaging my heart and it is really lovely to ... not even a genius such as einstein can bore us , so who can ? i suppose others understand that we do understand them emotionally , even if we do not we attempt to , it is in our bone , nobody can make us change that . this trait may lies undermine in other ... for he who lies with truth , makes lies true . i honestly hate it when families come into the restaurant where i work with kids and smartphones , ipad lying all around . they ain't doing the connecting business with their kids and they throw the ... i played the violin when my neighbor's house was on fire last night and the fire engine was trying a hard time to put the fire down . when i am drunk , my mind gets really sober even clear than during normal times when i am not drunk , though my sense goes way dull and my balance goes haywire . i wonder how other infp feel like ... sometimes i feel that whenever i want to reply back somebody after they expressed their gratitudes , options float in my mind thanks.it ' s my pleasure.the pleasure is mine.you ' re welcomed.no ... '