' i know i said before that i wanted to stay home and play video games ... but now that i can't find anything to do i'm actually mortified of what to tell people when they ask what i did ! ! D: plus it's ... still keep plushies ? i can't sleep without my teddy bear to curl around ! my boyfriend gets jealous sometimes ;) as far as what whateverlolawants said , i don't think the word plushie originally ... my boyfriend is going to be out of town visiting his parents , and i think most of my school friends won't be back in the area yet for new years , so i'm considering making up something that i'm going ... shatteredheart the same thing happened to me when i tried running a game ... i guess i just don't have a good leadership personality ... haha . this is me to such an extent ! when i get really into a work of fiction , i can't fully remove myself from it for a long time . i'll feel like i'm in that world , or like i've lived that character's ... wow i saw that this thread had lots of replies and i expected a storm of people getting upset and defending themselves . we are not lazy ! we are just ... blah blah blah . instead it's 9 pages of ... oh me me me ! i started playing when i was like 11 , with my friend . she lived a couple hours drive from me , so we would try to play over the phone just the two of us ... she was the dm and i was the ... you should make time ! you'd be surprised what even just half an hour of writing every other day can achieve . :) are any other infps this way too ? i love being relaxed and laid back and flexible , leaving the plan up to others , but when it comes to things i need to get done - laundry , homework , career building , ... i'm ( when i have it together ) also very mindful of my appearance , and also my stuff and my space . i like my room to be not just organized , but beautiful . and i also like to know that i am put ... ohh it sounds like i should read sound and the fury ! i used to write all the time , it was my favorite thing , and something i felt i was somewhat good at , too . unfortunately i got self conscious and ... ughhh i am so frustrated right now ! in another thread this woman felt like it was her constitutional right to be openly homophobic because it is her religious belief saying that homosexuality is ... yeah , the theft i can forgive but calling your friend a dirty negro is just uncalled for . wow , at first i was super sympathetic towards the guy , like if you're 50 years old and you're shoplifting you clearly have an issue . but he's racist too ? damn ... probably good that you were able to ... sorry ! like i said , i realized after the first two posts that i was greatly oversimplifying it ! though , i did not mean to imply that all infps are sadsacks , more that on my good days i now feel more ... thanks for the input guys ! i guess i was grossly oversimplifying it , huh ? i think infps get a bad rep for being weepy and emotional but i just played right along into that didn't i ! so since high school i've been taming my life and brain . slowly . very slowly . think taming a lion's mane with a mustache comb . since i have trouble with meeting deadlines and procrastination ( sound ... i feel very isolated . autistic people can certainly have good social skills , a lot of my friends are like that . but , that's due to a combination of genetics ( severity of the autism ) and a good upbringing . autistic traits ... like what the healer of souls had to say , i'm pretty t for an infp . i'm going into a stem major and i'm really getting into math ! ... but at the same time i have kind of revolutionary ideas about how ... for me a good distinction is two things : what kinds of activities do you naturally gravitate towards ? what do you continuously fall asleep while doing and what do you have a hard time falling asleep ... i'm always being mistaken for an extrovert ! it doesn't exactly bother me , since i don't really know that many people at the moment , but my extrovertedness is a quality that multiple people ... not quite accurate though ... star death actually has a pretty big impact on several things . in specific we are , in essence , star poop . also the formation of galaxies is more or less dependent on star ... i'm the same way . it really makes me feel really awkward . i think it's because i do need a lot of things done for me sometimes ( my boyfriend thinks of himself as my ' tard wrangler , statement ... for some reason when i like a person ( not just in a romantic way but in a platonic way as well ) i always copy their mannerisms of speech . like , if there's a word or phrase someone says a lot , or an ... hey , me too ! - i love to-do lists . writing down lists calms me down for some reason . it makes everything look like it's easy even when it isn't , hahaha ! here's my to-do list for today : 1 . schedule ... good luck ! i think my appearance-related goal is something of a similar deal . i woke up an hour later than i want to , but that's because i went to sleep an hour late as well . it'll be okay , just ... plz respond plz for some reason i always find it motivating to me to post about things i'd like to do online . maybe it's knowing others are rooting for me , maybe it's seeing everything written out in front of me , ... today i am wearing my favorite bow , my favorite shorts with my favorite belt ( which i just found under my bed ! ) , and my new favorite socks . <3 ... thanks for your kind words everybody ! that's what i thought too but i wasn't sure that was the general consensus . you guys are all about psychology and personality stuff so i figured you might have some advice . i'm about to send in my application to several schools ( ucla , uc berkeley , uc irvine , uc davis , uc ... there is more to math than what you did in high school . you're good at english but you're not cut out to work at starbucks and you're equally good at math . you'll realize this no matter what ... well , the fact that you're 30 could possibly change some things . but from the perspective of a 19 year old , there's a big difference between love and feeling loved . going with someone because they ... failed my test . : confused : i commit too easily to people , i'm afraid . this has been a pattern that i have found in myself ... i've blown off important me things to do trivial things i told other people i'd do since i can ... they were delicious ! i'm looking forward to the apple quesadillas i'm planning on making tonight ! the tones in this image are really cute ! what kind of sewing machine did you get ? i like to sew too . my advice would be to start with inexpensive projects , such as plushies or doll's clothes or purses and the like , and to always sew on a ... i do this too but it's because i fell down the stairs twice as a kid . oops . a fresh blueberry bagel and an apple . :p roud : infp my eyes range from slate grey to medium blue . i've actually never really had this problem before . the people i've had crushes on have actually asked me out before i dropped any hints or anything ... i guess i'm pretty lucky . but on the flip ... i've certainly been called opinionated , and even stubborn before . my parents used to joke that i should be a lawyer because i'd always nitpick my parents decisions . i never ever got upset at them for ... unfortunately it is at this point that he remembers that he never got that gokart for christmas , and he is reminded what a shit childhood he had . woah i never knew there was a term for this . i guess i'm type b . i get this every now and then when people touch my head softly , mostly when they play with my hair gently ( gently being the key word ... fortunately there was a map on the wall ahead . ... unfortunately when he tried to check it , i know this area like the back of my hand . i don't need a map ! mysteriously clouded his thoughts and was ... '