' 1 ) i'd tell her if she asked about it . i'd forget to tell her if she didn't ask . 2 ) i was in that position and i did tell her . not a good time . i don't recommend getting yourself in that position ... dear esfj , i am sad we transitioned from girlfriend / boyfriend to friends . i am sad that my tendency to retreat into alone time was tough for you to handle . i am sad that my efforts were not ... dear enfp , i'll philia you anytime ! :D love , isfp oh i feel ya there , sister . you can only say i really really really like you so many times before people lose count of how many times you said really . but to say love is like putting your head ... my most recent sensory experience was in the mens restroom at work ... the warm water in the sink . when washing up in the sink i really enjoy feeling the warmth seep into my hands and face . it wasn't too bad unless you stopped moving , or had to jump in an ice bath , or had to jump into a snow runoff lake , or had to belly crawl thru muddy water . ;) other than that , it was great ! :D the groove is so back it's scary ! :D i feel like i'm 20 again , only better ! ;) why yes , yes i have . just got back from a trip to beautiful vermont where i ran a 10 mile tough mudder up and down the slopes of mt . snow . was absolutely beautiful and exciting and tough and ... dear enfp , if you have to ask , he's not doing it right ... ;) isfp dear suspected isfj , that was a good talk last night . you calmly accepting and easily agreeing with the idea that our future is something that shouldn't be thought about right now makes me think ... dear istp peeps and esteemed others here , sorry about flooding your notifications with likes . i've been away for a bit and i am catching up on what i missed . it seems i like you all a lot ! ;) ... hey benja , here is the thread where i was exploring my isfp / istp confusion . the videos posted really helped me . ... i'd say ah shit ! then stop to put the thing out of it's misery . while the thing was alive i'd feel bad for the pain it's in , and after it's dead i'd feel bad for the pain i had caused . but i'd ... curses ! you found me ! ;) i am so bad at typing others that it's a question i really can't answer . he may be a player or he may not be . it's really not your issue . the only thing you have to worry about is yourself . if he makes a move it's his fault if he gets shot down . he's a big boy and is ... dear istp's and other denizens of this place , i have been going thru an existential crisis lately . my istp ’ ness has been brought under fierce scrutiny and has not been up to the challenge . it has ... wow , those videos really helped . great education about the different functions . let ’ s see . first off , temperaments : there is almost no escaping i'm an sp . i'd much rather be doing . i'm really not ... well , i'm about to buy a harley and one of the first things i want to do is take a trip across the country and visit as many of my old navy buddies as i can in the time i have . as for whose needs ... yes please . i'm pretty much always courteous , but orderly traditionalist is not really my cup of tea . i find change is good , but it's just hard to start because of lazyness / indecision . when i ... so yeah , i've been told i'm an isfj by a pretty knowledgeable source ( pinkrasputin ) but i'm having a hard time wrapping my head around it . everything i take the test i come out an istp ... just ... what she said ! those j's be crazy ! oh wait , you think i'm a j ... ;) that's a tough trainer , they made your eye bleed ! laugh it up , fuzzball ... heh , you know me too well pinkrasputin ( except for the poetry part ) . i had to have a lawyer to protect me from myself . if i didn't have such a good lawyer i probably would have rolled over and ... dear enfp , interesting choice of words ... ;) sincerely , istp or isfj or whatever-the-hell-i-am not quite so sure i'm an istp anymore ... ;) the settlement was stamped by a judge yesterday and i am now officially single . i never cheated while married . my infidelity was prior to marriage . we had equivalent incomes so there is no ... what we have here is a failure to communicate . ;) you are making this too complicated . it's just a word . when you do not reach a goal and you stop trying to reach it , that is the definition of a ... i think the issue here may be the different way thinkers and feelers may view the definition of the word failure . i have no problem using the term to mean not completing a goal . and as long as ... hahah duck_of_death you'll get no argument from me there . ( shakes head ) and 8 times out of the 9 you don't want the ones that come back . the chicks that are attracted to people who treat them badly have issues . ;) thanks for your input eliza . i must admit i shy away from all the religious talk . my stepmom pushes it in peoples face all the time and it makes me uncomfortable . however , to each his own ( or her ... yeesh , how about this . don't worry about your penis and her mouth . try this thought on for size . just talk back . whatever happens to pop into your head . even if it's something that is socially ... i'm right there with ya , sister ! i'll be following in your footsteps soon . i hope the next one you find is more up your alley . good luck . there is no way i could celebrate this even though i was the one that initiated the divorce . i have too much respect for the institution of marriage and in some ways i am in mourning . it actually ... i was just told i speeeled marriage wrong . hey , i guess that's the reason i didn't make a good husband ... can't have a good marriage if you can't spell it ! :D update : it took 45 minutes . it is ... hahahahahahaha ... no . never heard that song before . got some chills from it . thank you jamiebond . in less than 24 hours i go to court . the judge will ask me a few questions and then enter a settlement agreement into public record thus ending my 14 month separation and 15 year marrage . the whole ... if i ever figure out what the three seashells are for i'll use them , but untill then i'll just use a wad of vulgarity citations . poison ivy leaf . the only way to go . never thought i'd hear him get his freak on though ! ;) there ain't no logic in the feel of the wind and the view of the sky . windows down with the tunes playing is the way to go . i even keep the windows down when there is a light rain . love the feel . freekin hilarious ! i usually drive just slightly faster than the flow of traffic . sticking to the right ( slow ) lanes if i can . although i do enjoy accelerating thru the my little 5 speeds gearbox quickly untill i to ... i think i want a t-shirt with that on it . ;) dear enfp , your friend , istp '