' if i'm interpreting correctly , you're describing one of my least-favorite things about enfps which is their apparent inability to stay on topic . they take one subject and branch out from it , whereas ... perhaps the fact that we're ni'ing all the time , but only seldom se'ing . we capture our physical surroundings through our senses only for the purpose of analyzing them , not for the purpose of ... i think it is actually typical of infjs to talk things out when they're going wrong , but it's gotta be with someone that we trust . if you've only been talking to this girl for a month or two , it's ... passion and intellect . also the booty . i'm a little disappointed as it seems i wasn't able to get my point across very well . this isn't about being exclusive , or being jealous . it's merely about wanting to take control of my situation and ... sweetish - i really like what you're saying about blind faith . i definitely agree that it's better to be transparent than foolishly hopeful in these kinds of situations . it's good to expect the best ... sedem - that's kind of the approach i was contemplating . do what i would under other any other circumstance but with the added component of extra awareness . i'm glad someone agrees :) darketnite i ... 85126 long story short : i met a girl about two months ago that i really like . she also seems very interested in me . we've gone on a date and have a second one set up for next week . the thing is that ... i'm about to graduate as a software engineer , and may be attending grad school for a master's in the fall . i am very happy with what i do . one of my closest friends is an entp 8w7 and one of the more unsettling things i find about him is precisely how mindlessly determined he seems in his opinions : most of the time it's his way or no ... oh boy , do i have something to say about this , but given that it's midnight and i have a long day tomorrow , i will try to give you a summary of my thoughts . yes , i had a good friend who was an ... it all depends on what you mean by emotional . in this forum i have seen posts both about not showing emotions and about needing to talk things out before one can cope with them . so what's the deal ... as an outside consultant , i can confirm this . in fact , it's kind of a pet peeve of mine when i seek advice and the person just tells me about a situation they went through and then they don't expound ... if this was possible and guaranteed , yes . she's inherently a great girl . her appreciation of our relationship doesn't really detract from her virtues , but i just wish she had also found me a ... it's been seven months since my breakup and i still can't get over it . everything in our friendship previous to dating seemed so right , so appropriate , so good and so pure . nothing could go wrong ... partake in the ultimate challenge - r / nofap look through their top posts to see some of their claimed benefits . warning : may be nsfw seems like we're on a roll here ! i'm a senior in software engineering looking to work in some kind of web / application development after graduation . extroversion 48 % orderliness 50 % i don't know that it's an infj thing , but i have definitely been in a similar position in the past . what helped me was to do less . yes , do less . even if it doesn't seem like you're at the top of the ... notice the conditional , though . you're saying that you say that when someone is blaming something on you that you don't feel responsible for . i'm sure there are times when you know that what you did ... guilty . your feelings are entirely your responsibility , not mine . it sounds like you have all the characteristics of an infj with introverted sensing somehow thrown in the mix . when i have taken functions tests , it always comes out saying that i have almost a ... i can't contribute much to the conversation right now , but i wore an entj face throughout all of high school because i was heavily influenced by my entj dad . however , i always knew there was a side ... i'm just gonna toss this out there , but how would you ever know if your intuition isn't being stained by paranoia ? that would definitely make gut-feeling-following potentially destructive ... perhaps ... infj and entj trying to talk about anything , ever . first of all , welcome ! i hope you find a place in this forum as many of us have : happy : i don't know that people come to me for emotional support , but i think they definitely take advantage of ... i'm actually pretty bold and assertive if it need be . i'm not one to keep things to myself to simply avoid conflict . in fact , i think conflict can be necessary to bring out the truth , and i'll often ... what i'm looking for any other infj . or enfp , enfj , entj . who i am male college student in the software field . i enjoy languages , coffee , philosophy , history , and art . i'm fond of new places ... i understand why these functions might be mutually exclusive because i definitely have found myself having to either pay attention to the current situation ( se ) or to sort through what the situation ... huh , that was pretty cool . i had a pretty rough patch recently , and here's some of the stuff i heard from : istj - just be firm and say f * * * it . intp - just control your thoughts . ( seriously ? ) entj - you have to focus on ... woah ! all i'm saying is that self-reliance ignoring outside feedback isn't a good approach when trying to find your true type . if she didn't want the feedback , she wouldn't be here . and your comment ... sorry , but this argument is as valid as don't let anyone except you tell you you're not a dinosaur but a human . - - - i just finished reading this article which might be ... i feel a little odd here because while i do try to avoid smothering people with my feelings or ideas , i also can't say that i have trouble saying what needs to be said . i don't find it difficult to ... connecting the dots between familiar and unfamiliar as so = introverted intuition ( ni ) comparing everything in the present and living according to the past = introverted sensing ( si ) ... i feel like the advocates for being alone here are referring more to others not being present in the house . i like this as well , but i prefer to know that eventually there will be others around for ... this sounds more like a sign of maturity than a type characteristic . i know that generally if i'm angry about something else i'll want to vent about it with my so , but if they cross me in any way ... i'm gonna toss this out there and it will derail the conversation , but how sure are you that you're an infj ? an infj's primary cognitive function is introverted intuition ( ni ) followed by ... i met my infp best guy friend originally online , but we were attending the same university starting that fall . there was a fraternity trying to recruit both me and him , and i expressed my disapproval ... have you talked to anyone about this ? i'm in a similar situation where something i did in the past keeps tugging at me in the present , and i've found that getting people's objective perspective helps ... this is precisely what i'm talking about . more empathy , more in-the-moment rather than thinking through every single little thing ... it's pretty great haha . from an mb standpoint , i think my se and fe shoot up , and my ni goes down . so i stop overanalyzing things and notice details in front of me a lot more . also i get very affectionate and empathize with ... why did you hesitate before dating her when you two first hooked up ? i've always had this weird protective feeling for her , and i knew that my baggage from the past had potential to hurt her or ... thanks , mendi : laughing : this is a thread about treating an isfj as fairly as i can . anyone ? : crying : i'm generally mellow , but when someone pulls the right strings i tend to have explosive reactions . in descending order of intensity , i get angry when : 1 . people whom i love are ignoring / neglecting ... do you think that this is why when we do fall , we seem to fall harder than others ? i used to be very sensitive to this and i've been learning to identify why they're doing it if it's people i care about , and otherwise i've learned to just ignore them right back ( sometimes i make ... this sounds somewhat familiar to some stuff i've dealt with . sometimes there are people whose personality trigger the worst in us , and these people don't necessarily have to be the ones we hate ... '