' if they are not interupting my life then i try to feel them . if they are a problem or uncomfortable as they often are , then i push them away , pull them out later deal with it classify it and if i am ... just talk to her it will not make a difference in your relationship if she does not like you , if she is intj . when i used to date i just told the guy i like so i could move on if he was not ... i agree with darkesthour . also , someone telling me i am incompetent . do you see yourself having a future with this person ? when you end things with someone you love it takes a long time to heal . ten years after my first love i think i was pretty much over it . i had ... i have never tried drugs i do not like the idea of losing any sort of control . my husband an intp did drugs in high school . he ditched all his friends and quit cold turkey and he did more than pot ... you could try volunteering . also , just try saying hi to every girl you meet . then after awhile move up to some kind of simple question . my husband is an intp and he sucks at intiating conversations ... while dating i always made it clear i did not want to have children , that maybe i would possibly adopt . two weeks before we got married my husband an intp said he wanted kids . we have kids now and i ... my mom is ixxj and i get along great with her she is my best friend and i need her . i started getting along better with her when my parents got divoriced and she quit enabling my dad . i like being me but like filo i would really like to see what it is like to be a man . i would enjoy the circumstances someone else has but i would not want to be them . what are you guys like in romantic relationships ? loyal , go out of my way to help , listener , supportive are you usually quiet during interactions ? i talk more once i feel safe . in the beginning ... i cry when i am extremely frustrated and sometimes over certian music . i do well at math but i have only gone as high as pre-calc and non-major physics . 1 . people that are unwilling to better themselves . 2 . people that take advantage of . . . 3 . ignorant people unwilling to learn ... guess this falls under 1 4 . delusional people 5 . ... i choose to believe there is a god and act accordingly . nothing bad is going to happen to me if i am wrong , as long as i picked right . : happy : i might miss out on a few fun things but i home so often ... i like them as long as i cannot see the structure , if i do i stress . i will not go on carny rides . when i was at six flags by la last time the viper got stuck now i stress about getting stuck upside ... i cannot think of anything maybe this will be helpful relations of supervision between psychological ( personality ) types current : dexter , trueblood , caprica , big bang past : pretender , arrested developement , battlestar galactica , heroes movies do not really affect me emotionally , if i want that i need music . actually stupid comedies ( e . g . anything with jim carey or ashton kutcher , napoleon dynamite , legally blond ) make me want to ... small price to pay to not have to touch . you could just always wear a turtle neck . : laughing : winter , i love the cold and going to a park and no one is there . it feels cleaner . the flies and mosquitos are dead . baking and cooking is more fun because your not heating up your house just to cool ... why can't we just bow . i would prefer that . i am in the us , born and raised and i even find this difficult . my husband and i have talked a lot about it . the guessing is terrible and you never know what to expect or prepare for . i would ... hugging fiends and acquaintances is okay i grew up with that but i normally do not initiate it . unless i am really close to them or they have a nice body . gives me fuzzies just thinking about ... inertesting idea , i think i will try it sometime . i read about that too and it sounds plausible . much better hypothesis than vaccines . : laughing : surprise suprise the diagnosed aspergers person scored a 42 talking about organ donation . i do not understand people that will not donate organs . my husband will not and we go round and round on it because it seems he is basing this sole on emotion and not ... well we cannot buy organs or babies so anything financial would have to be under the umbrella of medical cost and expenses relating to said fetus . i am guessing the donor would get to decide what to ... i used to hope i was adopted as a child and i never asked because i did not want to lose the hope that i had family like me out there . my dad and sibs are all esf people . it made life hard , my father ... the ethics would be interesting since it is not a person ... yet . sadly i do not think doctors would care that much about the fetus only the ramifications to the recipient . comments most of my creativity came from manic highs . since i do not have these anymore inspiration rarely strikes . i hardly write poetry , i like sketching male nudes of course but nothing really original ... i love classical ( e . g . rossini and orff ) and heavy rock ( e . g . tool , korn , chevelle ) i do not have many friend that like tool . i would really like to know the personality make-up of their fan base . when i am doing mundane tasks such as chore or driving and lack enough stimulation to keep my mind occupied , sometimes intentionally , sometimes not . dark bold colours and black . oh and red . maybe they harvested the wings after it died of natural causes . : tongue : how do you think they would be different from the issues related to adoption ? i am curious . i had a friend and we did stuff like that , i never thought anything about it . then one day he was pissed at me because i cut class ( college ) with another guy and he thought we were dating . i told him ... i am guessing it has to do with how vascular the placenta is . even with in-utero surgery there is a high risk to the fetus and the recipient would require surgery , in-vitro is less risky . also , you ... i have found if someone is starting to invade my space , if you ask them to stop they do not but if you say ow they freeze then you use the excuse of a pinched nerve , pulled muscle whatever . it at ... i agree with chanceyrose . i am confident in what i do and do not know . i am confident in my abilities , intelligence and capacity to learn what i need or want to know . i do not doubt myself in ... what is worse than stupid people are incompetent people . as long as stupid people can be useful and hopefully quiet i am okay with them . my bipolar has been in remission ( asymptomatic for over 5 years ) for lack of a better word . my shrink says this happens but sometimes it comes back worse than before . i saw it happen to my dad , he ... resenting my partner or having my partner resent me and betrayal . i also fear that he will somehow find out the person that i bury deep down and either be repulsed and / or reject me but after 10 ... i have my emotional feelings ( my body is physically effected e . g . being embarrassed and blushing ) and my mental feeling ( knowing your average person would experience this emotion but having no ... i found out today the name the navajo nation uses for hitler is man who smelled his own moustache . although i do not know how to verify this information . just thought i would share . amount of friend is what is important to you . i am intj and my husband is intp neither of us needs other people validation to raise our self esteem . we have few freinds but really good freinds . ... he knows i hate repeating myself but i will remind him at mealtimes . the trash is and always has been his responsibility , for years . to defy things / issues he does not agree with in a round ... i live in lincoln , ca . my husband ( intp ) and i do day trips to sf sometimes . i am normally in denver about once a year . when i think of passive-aggressive i am talking about when he does things like when i ask him to do something , like take out the trash and he will say okay , but then two days later it is still there ... '