' now i'm on the second season of buffy , and it's just getting better and better :) i also started watching true blood . i'm on episode 3 , and it's . . . uh . . . i still don't know what to think . ... smooth criminal - michael jackson thai onion soup mother : isfp father : intj sister : esfp brother : istp i'm surrounded by sp and fi / te . i'm an infj too , and i also really love performing in front of people even though i don't do it as much anymore :) for other things , i'm not too organized when it comes to my space . and i have a ... aah , it's hard to choose . but i'll say severus snape simply because he was surprising the entire series through . every time i thought i had a handle on his character , it turned out i was wrong . ... now i'm at the end of the third season of the walking dead . meh . it's really taken a nose dive from its original great quality . whatever happened behind the scenes , they were idiots for losing ... lately i've been , i've been losing sleep dreaming about the things that we could be but baby i've been , i've been praying hard said , no more counting dollars we'll be counting stars i had a weird dream where i was with a group and getting on a plane to fly back home , and i somehow had a cat with me , and i didn't have time to put the cat in the cage or anything normal , so i put ... a better-paying job how would i volunteer to spend time with someone who's counseling and psychologying ? :P no , but seriously , would it be appropriate to send an email to people in this position in my area and ask ... i'll be boring and say the phantom of the opera . i sincerely believe it has the best music , best lyrics , and best character in the phantom . i can be very critical sometimes , but i am hard-pressed ... yes . i am so sick of club music too . it's like it's infested everything because apparently all we want to do is dance and have no other thoughts in our head . this is very relevant to what her music sounds like . megamind . it was pretty good and had a couple lines that had me and my brother rolling on the floor laughing . when people come into conversations already having their mind made up that they are right and are not open to any discussion , only talking at ( not with ) the other person . when people pull out ... i live in the u . s . , to start with , and i'm considering going for a master's degree in either school counseling ( being a guidance counselor ) or school psychology . i already have a bachelor's degree ... bachelor's degree in education to all who celebrate it , merry christmas ! she knows what she's doing . her performance at the vmas is now one of the iconic moments from 2013 ( seriously , i've heard that on several places that were recapping the year ) . that means more money ... ones i like : carol of the bells ( by far--just a great song in general ) o holy night ( haunting ) ones i hate : last christmas i gave you my heart ( oh my god , i had to listen to this over and ... turkey and rice soup for one thing , our healthcare system is crap . we have about the same level of good outcomes as other first world countries , but we spend a shit-ton more money for it than anyone else . it has been ... that sounds like a lot : confused : . the only wildlife to watch out for where i live is bees / wasps . doesn't australia have crazy animals and insects everywhere , though , like gigantic spiders and killer kangaroos ? or is that exaggerated ? ( as someone who's never been there ) btw , as an american , i ... i rarely watch tv shows as they're being aired . for some reason , i usually wait until it's been out for a few years and then check it out ( i guess it's because i hate getting into a show and just ... i don't live in a city , and to me a car is a necessity . i could basically cite everything that the op just said . as soon as i turned 16 , it was a joyful day , and i worked hard til i could get my ... nice explanation :) i've wondered about how istps think too . i imagine they're like an inverse of us . we feel relaxed when in ni-mode and feel like that mode works better . and ti , while useful , ... um . . . i can't think of a specific example . but sometimes i know that i have to make a decision about something in the future , and my brain will just start thinking it through subconsciously ... the op sounds very much like how i think . it's gotten to the point where if i feel myself needing to actively analyze something , i start to get nervous because i know this means there's probably no ... i am malala by malala yousafzai . just started . baz luhrmann's the great gatsby well , i watched the first half last night and started to fall asleep ( cause it was 3am ) , so i'll watch the rest of it tonight or tomorrow . and so far , loving it ! hunchback of notre dame beauty and the beast the incredibles finding nemo a bug's life paranorman can i get my name changed to redtree please ? i've gone through sporadic periods where i explore if i can ' nudge ' someone to do certain things , basically to see if i can ( but without hurting anyone ) . sometimes i still do this ; it's a really cool ... i know this song's overplayed , but these lyrics at the beginning resonate with me right now : one republic - secrets i need another story something to get off my chest my life gets kind of ... wow , i'm jealous ! the closest to an infj in my family is my intj father ( who i have no contact with ) . then there's my sister ( isfp ) , mother ( isxp ) , and my brother ( istp ) . so i'm basically ... ^ thanks ! how do you put a youtube video in your post ? ^ you know , when i read your previous post , i got an eerie feeling of deja vu . you're definitely not alone in this ; i've seen a couple people on this site posting very similiar situations . best ... it's basically a cliche in my family that i will zone out and not notice things that are right in front of me ( my family is full of sensors , so they don't get why i keep doing this ) . some examples : ... i've never consciously manipulated the tests , but i have taken the free online versions of the mbti test about 5 or 6 times , and everytime i scored as an intj . it was just recently that i realized i ... hi pamela ! :) i'm new here too and also recently found out i was an infj ( after a couple months of soul-searching for which type i was ) . as for your question , i can only speak for myself , but i ... i'm not quite sure why you're surprised that someone is having an irrational fear--ocd is all about irrational fears , and the majority of us already know logically that they're irrational ( based on ... okay , here goes . . . mom , how dare you treat me like this and blame it on me ? your sister has ms and you bend over freakin ' backwards to adjust to her illness , but when it comes to mine ? no , i ... i'm gonna make a short gush--i'm new to this board , and i'm still a little overwhelmed at reading threads / posts where people articulate feelings and viewpoints that seem like it could have been my ... i would agree that infjs probably have a tendency to fixate on certain things , ideas , etc . ( i know i do ! ) but although ocd doesn't have a visible pattern as in he cleans his house every day , he must ... i was diagnosed with clinical ocd last year . i'm currently in therapy with an ocd specialist to help me get my symptoms under control and to learn about this disorder that i'll be fighting against . ... a lot of times , yes . i'm a night person , and my brain just seems to come alive after about 9pm . i'm a writer , and most nights i fall asleep thinking about the novel i'm writing . i usually don't ... '