' ... only to then reveal that he had been trolling the whole time and didn't give a shit about the whole scenario what an asshole . edit : i'm talking about you , not her btw . whoa . that's a really interesting way of looking at it - can you expand on that thought ? bar : te dog 1 : ni dog 2 : si i actually view it as a form of politeness to also respond back to a person . i don't like leaving people hanging - especially when they might be waiting on an answer . to decline a person's offer even ... i suppose you're right , using that method on you would be beneficial in discussing personality theory . and as bad as this sounds , i'm not particularly interested in talking about typology with you ... you are correct in this simplified explanation of how the cognitive functions work , however , the functions don't work apart from each other - it's not as clear cut as how you've stated . but the ... i think you have some things mistaken about cognitive functions . 1 ) sorry , i should've specified it more clearly in my previous post : it's your ni and fe working in conjunction that allows you ... you can do both . ni to determine the cause , then ti to figure out why it's correct . then explain how the answer works . that's interesting . i don't recall disrespecting you in any of the posts that i've made on here . if you go back and read each of my posts , i was merely trying to aid you in expanding your knowledge ... saying that the responses of others is stupid is rather childish - especially at your age . being in college , you're probably at least 18 , aren't you ? please respect the responses of others next ... very well , then i'm basing it on the responses that you have given so far - they are not adequate enough . once again , i suggest that you read more on cognitive functions and achieve a greater ... 1 . i'd like to point out that the starter of that thread is diphenhydramine , the gentleman who took great pains in doing line-by-line analysis / critique of your argument a couple posts back . 2 ... no . fe means that their decisions will be based on other people . here is a quick summary of how fe works : for more information , click on this link : enfp wiki <- click and read more ... he sounds like a douchebag . and passive-aggressive . by the way , have you considered that he might be an esfj or an enfj ? they tend to dislike conflict . he also seems to be fe-oriented . from ... by the way , can you give an example ? every person has all eight functions , but each personality type is defined by the first four functions . here is a handy chart for you to use : mbti cognitive functions | life as a project <- link ... a couple of things i want to say : 1 ) it seems to me that you're basing personality type on behavior rather than on how they process information and make decisions . they're two different things . i ... how are they able to masquerade as entjs ? ne and ni are very different in both thought patterns and execution style . ... unless you mean , after taking one of those simple mbti tests , due to their ... did you mean that the entj uses humor to stand out or did you mean that as a result of his type of humor , the entj stands out ? if it's the first , why do you think the entj does so ? also , what ... hm . you know , by the way , you might still be an estj . just putting that possibility out there . hey , not everyone hates jerky . i , for one , love this stuff - it's pretty awesome and it lasts for quite a while . great for ... to everyone who said that they couldn't stand stupid people : what is your definition of stupidity ? the adjective itself is rather subjective . well , i liked it because it said a lot of nice things about entps ( complements are well-taken ) as well as being insightful to the nature of entps ( i love learning new things ) . also , i wouldn't attack ... <3 probably not . 1 ) in the case that they were playing with you : you crying about it will make them feel misunderstood and confused because you took it too seriously . and then there's ... lol i was just playing with you in my previous post :P but yes , i do that all the time ahha huh ? wha ? i ... i dunno ... that ... that doesn't sound like something i would do .. on a serious note , to answer your question : first off , i've always viewed the entp forum as a collection of craziness and generally , a ball of quirky amusement . now , if every post in the entp is ... well , assuming that cognitive functions are world views and not a set of skills , i would say that it makes sense that those with the same ( or complementary ) functions would have a higher chance of ... lol why do you even care ? ! you're leaving in like two days ! i am on vent . you're the one who left . / quickly scans the list of people on vent yeah . you left . / spits also , you never responded to my private messages ! >:[ simulatedworld is probably the best choice , imo . limit's leaving , i hate dealing with annoying ( subjective , yes , i know ) people ... and .. that leaves one left . :P diligent and disciplined , eh ? good luck finding one of those just as a reminder for those who have answered and for those who will answer : think about the people who you get along with the best and give their types - don't think of which types you get along ... nah , i didn't say friends . and yes , i'm aware that there are exceptions . i'm not saying that everyone will get along with these types , what i'm saying is that i've observed that a person's ... this probably has something to do with the way that i gathered data : given that each person lives in a different area and that each area may not have all of the personality types represented , i ... yes , i did . there are 16 personality types and according to my information 9 are left out for each personality type , which leaves 9 personality types that one personality type should be able to get ... no - it does not . this information is from answers collected from the question : what are the types of those who you get along with the best ? and not which types do you get along with ? you're right . i'll do that right now . type interaction : success based on cognitive functions ? this information is mostly based on my observations of type interaction - basically reading many threads and interviewing various types ... good question . that makes sense then . it would seem that you're terrible at showing emotions out of habit . since you believe that showing emotions is useless and have neglected to do so for the last decade or ... i'm not an entj but i see this problem in the majority of nts . as i recall , most nt's have trouble showing empathy to others when they themselves haven't been through the same exact situation ... i had to read your post five times before i understood it . here is the condensed version of the whole thing : 1 . you went to a party and kissed a guy . 2 . guy became possessive . 3 . you find ... i find your method of figuring out personality type very interesting . it makes a lot more sense to me than basing the test results on pure numbers when the results are all over the place . i've looked ... back when jtg 1984 was here , i also believed him to be an istj though he claimed to be isfj . however , after he was banned , i heard several reports saying that he was actually an entp . he also claimed ... this thread has two parts : a ) another potential way to figure out dominant functions b ) questionaire for every type a ) random idea here , but : perhaps it is possible to guess type from ... '