' three different responses , three different he's-using-yous . the internet is amazing , how everyone can see so clearly is beyond me . thank you . whether she knows or not , i'm not sure . i believe he ... i have had ( what i think is a ) fwb thing with this guy for about a month and a half now . it started out as an experiment / adventure in learning because i needed to know how to do physical affection , ... 1 . people don't listen to me . ever . in group conversations i get lost and have to get whoever is nearby to actually say what i want to convey if i want it heard , considered , or appreciated . 2 ... i'm pretty ignored in my day to day life , so much so that often i legitimately think that i'm invisible until i address someone . people begin conversations with me and then walk away or lose interest ... yes . i augment most experiences with my imagination , sometimes purposely , but most of the time unintentionally . i've recently realized how boring i actually am when looking at my life from outside my ... i can't tell if i'm just really and truly the least original person on the planet , or just the only person i know who can actually see the connections between my personality and the other facets of ... i procrastinate because i work better under pressure . the bs machine just doesn't function properly if i've still got plenty of time before a deadline . also , i love the feeling of stress . it forces ... my friends told me that i'm a lot less awkward than i believe . bam . well-adjusted facade activated . i can't lie . i begin laughing before the lie ever leaves my mouth . however , because i'm so sarcastic most of the time , nobody has confidence in anything i say , because they can't tell if i'm lying , ... writing a paper that assumes everyone experiences the same thought processes that i do . already bracing myself for the d - and a what on earth are you trying to talk about , - ish comment . i do think i would have enjoyed being born at a different time . i've narrowed it down to either 1955 ( not feasible , my parents were not yet born ) or 1982 ( feasible , my parents were not only alive , ... i do not ask for assistance if i can possibly keep from it . i'll even reject offered help . i feel like i'd be as incompetent as those people who ask a billion questions after not paying attention ... i remember you ! you had a wicked awesome avatar that was a crazy face . i'm in the same boat as you , only i post even less . when i got here , i was new to the idea of forums as well as mbti . i like ... if you've got time to be bored , you've got time to sleep . that's a heck of a lot more time than i've got , ktc said as she further procrastinated finishing her first term paper of the season . but ... i remember pulling away from the hospital emergency room , and looking up at the sky out of the window / at my reflection in the window . i had a sky blue 101 dalmatians band-aid over the stitches in my ... prerequisite knowledge : the only time my emotions may become strong enough to have to cope is when dealing with other people . in order to cope ( read : escape , forget about , and otherwise ... your friend , after you shared information that you believed to be common knowledge , disagrees , with the argument that , people don't over-analyze things the way you do ! it is the best complisult ... i use ktc because that's what i was called by my peers around the time when i registered for the site . there were a lot of katies in my life , so we just cut our names down to ktlastinitial . aside ... i usually dress nicely and attend church . it appears as though i'll be heading to the early service this year - my dad's preaching apparently . however , i have been joking about attending church ... there's no way on this earth that anyone could mistake me for appearing androgynous - i have long hair , wear make-up , and am undeniably woman-shaped . despite this , i insist on dressing like a 10 year ... left out of the loop when my dorm floor went partying ... again . the first time it was a birthday party , but this time it's just that they openly don't want me along . i'm upset this evening ... i don't care enough to be competitive . the only time i chameleon ( with any success ) is when i'm at work , where i'm required to talk to people . it's great because i have a real interest in customer service and i see every guest's needs as ... 3 . i'm actually a little upset , because i'm pretty sure that i'm the only girl in my dorm hallway not invited to the party the rest of the girls are very noisily getting ready for . ( since typing that ... i'm currently trying to put off exercising . i just finished the royal tenenbaums , and i'm really struggling with it taking the place of the fantastic mr . fox as my second favorite movie . don't worry , ... this thread makes my emotions explode - a sizable feat considering i spend much of my time trying to logic them into nonexistence . also , slapping works ? duly noted . in third grade , i cheated on my history exam . in fourth grade , i stole my uncle max's toupee and i glued it on my face when i was moses in my hebrew school play . in fifth grade , i knocked my ... i'm a lefty . my entj father is as well . most of these could probably be broken down into many more , but the keywords to my life include : adventure curiosity knowledge imagination innovation ( and ) wonder i'd include more , but that ... i have a dark sense of humor , and yeah , i love deadpan stuff too . i've always wished i could say funny things with a straight face , but i crack myself up too easily . i can't deal with gore very ... i had no choice other than to know the super bowl ( one word ? two ? ) was happening , but i wasn't sure who was playing until about three days ago , and i was proud of myself for knowing that it wasn't ... every time i try to write a post , i delete it . because surely it's stupid . after my friends in high school replaced me with a prettier girl who was able to appreciate innuendo , i decided friends weren't my thing , and that my social skills are too unrefined , and that nobody ... ^ this . also , recently , and for the first time in my life , i have had two people point-blank ask me why i'm so awkward . i told them i just am . it takes me nearly a year to really feel ... 1 ) absolutely i still build with legos . it's the one thing i really don't want to grow out of . i don't spend hours building , but i enjoy dragging them out every once in a while . 2 ) that was ... 1 ) my interpretation of shopping was totally different from what you meant . i took weekly shopping as groceries and stuff , not like , clothing or frivolous goods . i'm definitely not one to embrace ... 1 ) oh , sorry . lack of clarification . i'm a college student who lives in a dorm , so i don't really have weekly shopping . also , i work at a movie theater , so i see movies for free . i suppose that ... 1 ) how much socializing do you guys ' need ' ? as in how long can you stay away from people before getting depressed . if i truly am on my own , which is very seldom as a college kid , i probably only ... are you kidding me right now ? is this a practical joke ? both of these are used after someone says something stupid . ... in case you were wondering . used after i share a fact that ... in a random sample of 50 songs on my computer , approximately 68 % of the singers were men , and 32 % were women ... some songs were duets , so the exact numbers came out as 41 males and 13 females . i'm so glad you know what's up . i was about to try using the t-square i found back there too , but it's a a foot and a half long , and would be kind of obvious waving back and forth in the air as i ... oh , i am absolutely ignored . in group situations , i try to give my input , and am completely ignored , or dismissed as being a little off the beaten path . that's if they hear me at all . a few seconds ... funny this should come up , this morning in class , i made the decision that i was going to take apart the old projector at the back of the room . i'm taking a screwdriver in on friday . : laughing : i'm pretty good at making friends , because if they don't like me , they'll just pick another seat the next time the class meets , leaving me with another helpless victim who stumbles across the ... marathon of my favorite television show starts at 8am on december 31st , and goes on for two whole days . spending my new year celebration alone in the fifth dimension ? yes , please . [ / supernerd ] - ... my three last searches were about why radio station call signs start with either a w or k , this whole wikileaks thing because i don't know current events , and asimov's laws of robotics . true that , van . most people who know me think i'm pretty funny , but the way i see it all i ever do is take what they've said , exaggerate it , make it a hair more extreme , and regurgitate it back ... if i can actually get a seat in the classes , i'm going to try and major in art . i think it would be the most enjoyable ... not lucrative , but enjoyable . if i don't get in to art school i'll probably ... my immediate thought upon reading her post . but i would enjoy some guy approaching me with , i think you're interesting . would you like to hang out sometime ? i'll plan it , and all you have to do ... as the girl with the glasses who sits in the back of her college class and speaks to no one with a buffer seat between herself and the boy who sits to her right ( creepy , right ? upon first reading the ... '