not unless your willing to risk shutting down your emotions entirely ... honestly ... ask yourself this question : can you make money on your own ? do you have a skill that can make you money by selling it , and do you have the ability to sell these skills to someone else on ... as someone who has been typed as four different types on the forum , six different types on tests , and quite a few types by myself , i must say that the free information on mbti is inconsistent , ... just remember , you have the rest of your life to be well rounded . do what you enjoy so you can enjoy your life . :) i feel like everything you have mentioned has been a deeply personal issue with many people in our society for as long as our society has existed . right now , we are living in a fairly new age of ... it has been shown that when a person tries to drown themselves , their body will fight it all the way to the bitter end . if you try to od , then your body will try to eject whatever you put in , ... sure , as long as employers are willing to accept whatever financial responsibility comes from accidental deaths and injuries as a result of a person losing consciousness in their workplace every day . well , i spent my first three years in college riding the bus every day . it took me 2 hours both ways . losing four hours a day for four days a week can really mess with a person . i made the most out ... in terms of both content and complexity , you can't go wrong with some kendrick . indie bands need fans , too . the great thing about dnb is that you think you've heard it all , then you stumble across something like this randomly ... yeah , i have been exercising a bit more . somehow , i seem to think a bit clearer when i'm on the move . i'm going to try to self-teach myself a bit too with the textbooks i've built up over the years ... a few years ago , i really felt like the world was my oyster . i was in college to become a teacher , i was living with an aunt who was more than happy to let me live there rent free , and i was a few ... you have to become exceptional at being average , then you can become above average . : ) in the past , stupid . now i just don't care . hey mate , i just want to pass on my perspective since i've had a hellish two weeks at a job that i absolutely hate , and i think that it might be helpful . i work at a factory job at night with a ... best show of the season . quality banter , set design , sound design , monster design and casting . shows just don't come together much better . i'm hoping season 2 isn't just a tweaked season 1 , though . when it's good , it's like being the sun in the sky , feeling a great inner warmth and radiating it towards those around you . when it's bad ... i think it's because many people can't use those emotions in a productive way , so they are seen as something that's best avoided . well , all sexual things are natural . pedophilia , bdsm , even rape . attraction is all about what goes on in our head . what is and isn't illegal relies entirely on how a society sees the effects of ... all right ! a kindred spirit ! : 3 actually , if a person thinks i'm gay , then i'll totally act like i'm gay just to throw them off days later when they see me with a woman . as stated in the title , i want to see if someone else see's an infp in my thought process . i tend to be a bit over analytical when it comes to deciding what functions are implied through my answers , ... college is what did it for me . i'm an english major , so i was expected to make my arguments in the concise and consistent manner expected from te . i'd say a good way to practice using it is to try to ... i'd say the biggest problem i have is when i feel like i'm fighting against an environment that i can't do much about . such as when my boss uses his position of authority to passively aggressively ... eh , i've tried to use this site for that purpose . doesn't really work . people here have learned this stuff on their own , so they don't really like to share . at least not with me . : p i'm interested in what being a si dom is like . how do you think ? how do you act ? interesting , thanks for the breakdown . this'll help pointe in the right direction . indeed f * * * it , i'm becoming a plumber . there is a certain capability of mine that i love to use and have had people tell me is unique . i believe this skill of mine is what i have to offer the world , but i don't know what to call it , and i ... an immature person with fi could definitely see this gs black and white enough to be a hardcore sjw . when you attach so much value to your ... values , it can be easy to see the world in black and ... asain . i love dark hair , and i like the look of almond eyes . everything else is a close second . : cool : i certainly do think that an intj's way of thinking would certainly help them be more predisposed to developing and having the interest in having the talents that lead to being very intelligent ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... honestly , i did try hard in school , just not in the stem fields , and i could never imagine myself being happy with a stem job , despite the pay . doing well in school isn't the only way to find a good ... well , this game is really about what kind of money making skill you bring to the table . if you work a menial job that doesn't bring in a bunch of money , then you're going to have to work a lot to ... i don't have a problem with it as a concept . in an ideal world , people would be treated equally in society and the work place . i believe that's how society has the best chance to evolve as a whole ... 1 . how is not giving any real consequences for bad actions a cure for not knowing the consequences for ones actions ? the court system is enabling him . you mean to tell me that because he is 2 years ... sorry for the late response , works been keeping me busy and drained . i am very sensitive to negative emotions . when someone is hurt , i can feel that , and i want to help . other people's moodiness ... ha ha , now you understand my struggle . two completely different personality types , but i show signs of both . cognitive tests usually put si as my dominant function , and me as a istj , and socionics ... hmm , would you say its more typical of a dominant or weaker si user to get stuck in the past alot ? this is one reason why is suspected i could be a sensor . i have a tendency to get stuck and trapped ... i'm an english major , so i take a lot of writing and research classes . i like the process of finding out more about the topics that my teachers are covering . it shows me how many untold stories are ... i'll just ask this : do you feel that an isfj who values his ne is a possibility ? 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... so , a while ago i decided on isfp as my personality type . i'm returning to the subject just to see if i have stayed consistent with how i feelz about it . lemme know what you guys think . ( for some ... so , i've always been a bit , er , independent . i don't like relying on people , and i had a few people hurt me really bad in high school , so i've always stuck to myself to a very extreme level . i don't ... well , i went through a similar thing in high school . i've always been a bit overweight , and for the longest time , i was short . i hit a growth spurt that evened me out with most people in junior high , ... the biggest fear i have in life is death . being atheist , i believe that when we die , we cease to exist . it's almost like the life we are living now is an illusion , for when we die , it no longer ... what i don't understand is this : if you do not want to get to know a person without knowing who they are first , then what is all this talk about wanting to be polite about denying him access to your ...