' i was born in 91 so i think the first thing i really remember that was pretty huge world wide was britney spears debut in 98 ;) lol jk i'd probably say either y2k or 9/11 . those sound interesting . i'm always up for anything that involves helping other people . it's kinda funny though ... me helping someone try and find a career path when i can't even figure out my own ! ... i understand what you mean about going into the wrong career . that is what i am afraid of too and probably why i have spent so much time going back and forth . if we just pick a direction and go with ... yeah , i was like you and thought i wanted to do the whole medical route but then realized there isnt much use of creativity . market research sounds interesting enough . i'll have to look into that ... thank you ! looks interesting . i'll have to look into those . nobody ? :( it seems that my work computer has meshed some words together ... sorry about that ! hope it isn't too difficult to read . :p i don ’ t know whether this has been asked already ( i ’ m sure it has ) but i figured i would ask anyway based on my own background . i am 23 years old and earned my ba in psychology two years ago . for ... i remember asking my mom where babies come from and she said well , your dad gave me a ' seed ' and once it was in my body it began to grow and that is where you came from . so for the longest time i ... my dad is an istj and he is the hardest working person i know . some would call him a workaholic . always making sure that everything is complete on time , no excuses . if he tells someone to get to work ... my mom is an enfj and she fits the stereotype perfectly . she is constantly trying to do things for people and wants people to appreciate how much she does . she has always been the one in the family ... probably repeats , but the fact that i think about so much and so i trip over myself all the time . i also have too many ideas for my future and people think i'm slacking off but in reality there are ... my dad is an istj and my brother is esfp and they are both pretty laid back and chill people . my dad is more quiet with dry / sarcastic humor while my brother is more center of attention goofy / witty ... enfp and i'd say 6/10 as i was involved in clubs , athletics , and ap / honors classes ... although not in the popular group . i had only a select few friends i generally hung out with but most people got ... yeah , you are right . perhaps she is an exfj ? okay , so i have no idea if regina is an estj ... i just got it off of some website . any insights on to what she might be ? enfj maybe ? regina ( once upon a time ) - estj . she's honestly one of the only characters i've ever felt sorry for in a television series . i don't watch much tv i'll admit . but there is something about her i just ... i think with enfps we have this narrow stereotype of how we are supposed to act according to other types . like we are all extremely hyper and crazy and don't know when to shut up and have this ... i like a whole bunch of genres , it's really weird . the only genre i really don't care for is that screamo stuff . i cannot understand what they are saying and it makes my head hurt . other than that i ... i like the way you described that . it made it easy for me to understand what te is . so it is more about asking the question will this help me achieve my goal or not ? none of the functions are ... my te is more on point than it has ever been . i'm quite surprised actually . that's funny , i've often thought about being a professor ... i'm sure i would dress all noticeable too . i love bright colors ... we are a fun group of people aren't we ? does it count if i am working on getting my phd in psychology ? ? ? i'll technically have dr . in front of my name and so think we can include me in this ... aww , i'm glad to hear that ! :D beautifully put ! i've been great ! yeah , i have been super busy lately with a lot of things but just recently started coming back on perc because i missed it ;) how old did you think i was ? haha , just curious . yes , i understand too because i am a psychology major and pretty much i will have to be using all three ( ne + fi + te ) in order to help people . i think my ... i understand what you are saying . i do like the fact that we are all different and have different ways of thinking and doing things . but it can't hurt to develop it just a little can it ? i've only ... an enfp accounting major ? ? that is pretty rare haha . i agree that te can be boring sometimes but i have seen a drastic change in how i am able to get things done and plan better . i still very much have my ne and fi ruling most of my decisions on a ... ( 1 ) why do a lot of you go through different phases in life ? what is consistent about it ? i think mainly because there is so much to experience that when something happens whether it be good or bad , ... i was wondering how many other enfps have developed a pretty good te . i am almost 24 years old and i can say that i am finally beginning to get a handle on it . it is odd though , because i am so used ... let's not do something spontaneous and just sit here . and don't even think about talking to me ... actually , just leave . :d ry : ... no , i do not want a cupcake ... haha ! the ultimate doodle 223354 i'm gonna have to out-doodle you now ! let the doodle wars begin ! ! ! : laughing : just to make things clear , my notebooks from elementary school through college all look like this . with little doodles and drawings because i got so bored in class and i just started going into my ... mbean 1 everything on your list is what i do haha ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk always a good trait ! thank you ! ! ! you are very pretty by the way . just wanted to let you know that your smile is very friendly :) you know you're an enfp when you walk quickly out of a bookstore because you realize you forgot your phone in your car and you can't possibly bear the thought of not being able to talk to your ... hehe ... i made it pretty : tongue : type 1 all in twilight 1w9 sx / so tri-type 147 type 2 justmeandmyguitar : 2w1 , 7w6 , 1w9 musicalmeggie : 2w1 5w4 9w1 zomgitsemma : 2w1 so / sx my typical enfp response to the recent posts on this thread : it really does give us hope , no matter how unrealistic it is . and i don't think sj's or tj's really understand how important that is for us . they see it as childish ans silly , but we see it as a way ... being misunderstood by the rest of the world should be a trademark for enfp's :/ sometimes it is so much that it saddens me because i am not taken seriously , or if i have an idea , my family laughs at ... infp , i love how beautiful and expressive you are . when my feelings change in a matter of seconds ... this . this is so much like me and every other enfp i know . almost like if they are sad , somehow it is our fault even if we have nothing to do with the situation . rosered , i think that is the ... no problem ! i think the main thing is that we as enfp's are stereotypicaly portrayed asoverly happy all of the time . and though this may be true for many enfp's , we have to keep in account the enfp's ... i came specifically to help you ! but found that most of what you said is true to an extent with me as well ! first off , i want to say i am sorry that you don't like people right now . i went through ... yes ! i get that all of the time ... mostly because literally everyone doesn't even realize that i am the only one not talking and they don't ask why . and then i try to talk about something fun and that ... '