' when i used to play gw i was definitely introverting . i was part of a guild but never really interacted with them all that much . they had vent but i never bothered to go talk to them either . i had ... oh definitely hufflepuff ! : tongue : - mental self ( mental stimulation / growth ) - fun / recreation ( hobbies , entertainment , etc ) - romance / significant other ( duh ) - career ( what you do to earn money ) - physical self ( physical health , ... how to be good at math if you don't have the gift ? do every single assignment ( and extras ) and ask for assistance when you encounter a problem you can't solve . then go over it again and again and ...  yeah , it happens quite regularly . i recently recalled watching the big comfy couch with the daughter of one of my mom's friends when i was very young . i also remembered being hit in the face by a ... me too . no reason to change it . it gets the job done : happy : not sure if this would be classified as a spider but it's horrific ! who wouldn't be terrified if they saw one of these up close ... : laughing : your karaoke theme song is baby got back you're a total show off who is willing to risk looking like a fool to get a ... i'm pretty good at tbs games with a lot of micromanagement however i'm terrible at rts . they move too quickly and are too simplistic . - narrow-mindedness - dishonesty - bullies - irrational conformity - attention whores - oversensitivity i've written some poetry . mostly dark and gloomy stuff . none of the rhyming kind though ; that i cannot do . i write free verse . i sorta like spiders but i wouldn't like to have larger one crawling on me . they are fun to observe from a distance ( of at least one foot ) : crazy : type : intj favourites : psychology , humanities ( pure fun ) , modern history , biology i'd rather die : mathematics , language classes ( poetry , creative writing , etc ) , high-school art was hopeless , physical ... youtube - van morrison brown eyed girl lyrics this is the reason why i recently abandoned mbti . i still agree with keirsey's temperament theory but i find mbti too restrictive.the stereotypes also piss me off :d ry : unless they are actually making a valid criticism i'd completely ignore them . no need to waste energy on such things . i detest super feminine women , i prefer those who are more down to earth and concerned with more than how they appear . jeans and running shoes are more attractive than high-heels and mini skirts for ... a dance club . working in customer service or in sales . hell no . i know that i was late talking but i don't recall how long it took ( maybe 2-3 years ) . i just remember my parents telling me that it took me a long time to speak . i didn't start with simple words but , ... i'm not on facebook & 20 . i am a massive loner though so i couldn't care less that i don't have a page . when people want to contact me they either a ) call me on an ancient contraption knows as a land ... if you didn't use such an eyesore font colour i would have agreed with you : tongue : i write more when using times new roman 12 . if i use arial 12 i end up writing less . i guess it just fills space faster than times new roman does . luckily all my work has to be in tnr 12 : wink : i ... i have to mention this . i went to a private high-school that used iq tests for admission . i remember the people in advanced groups being mostly mediocre and a bunch of people in the regular class ... hmm , well i have a man crush on richard dawkins but he isn't really a hero to me : mellow : if i had to have a hero it would probably be bertrand russell ... i can see how entp could also be possible for jeremy . hammond still has me confused however : mellow : ignore them , they are acting like pillocks . if anyone is trolling they are ... concerning hammond , i actually have no idea .. : laughing : i put jeremy as an estp because he always goes on about sensations and such . he screams se imo . estp's also have secondary ti which makes ... any top gear fans here ? i'm curious about james may , jeremy clarkson , and richard hammond . if i had to guess i'd put clarkson as an estp , hammond as an istp , and may as an intj . who knows ... chairman yang avatar : laughing : on topic : i voted for intj because they generally appear to be the most intelligent . i don't know whether this is true or not but w / e . they would love me . : laughing : seriously though , fuck them . one day you will be free and be able to put some distance between you and them . i know how you feel though , both my parents are sj's and ... both my parents are sj's yet i'm an nt : confused : i've been trying to come up with a good explanation to the op's question but i can't . i guess i just don't know why we are the minority ... it's ... i vote entp . he strikes me as a dominant ne user not dominant ti . that depends on the individual . if you enjoy having sex even though it is meaningless and there is an absence of an emotional connection then yes , it is logical . so long as you aren't harming ... this tells me that he actually wants reassurance . that or he is confused and cannot quite figure out what his problem is in the first place . i agree with the other posters . be direct and clear ... canada ( home ) , uk ( home away from home ) , and the u . s . a . someday i might leave canada for the uk . i really want to go back : sad : once every 2-3 years simply isn't enough ! 1 . underachiever in nearly all aspects of life . 2 . awarded personality of the year in high school . everyone responded by saying you don't have a personality ! how could you win ? . 3 . technically ... song of my childhood . i used to adore this song . youtube - everything but the girl - missing the concept does not appeal to me . at all . i'd rather wank than sleep with some random girl ... no matter how attractive she is . my insensitive comments are usually failed jokes . true story : during my high school years ... my friend was complaining about a friend who wasn't doing their fair share of the work on a team ... i am an nt , not an nf , but i am definitely obsessed with people . they are complex and understanding them takes a lot of thought . to me , the human being is one of the most fascinating things to ... bask in the awesome ! no problem . i just felt the need to make that clear for some reason . i suppose that i will approach her some day . turns out that our schedules are not synchronized as well this semester so i ... no . i'm not so sure that she'd want to know that a dieing man likes her anyway . to her i'd just mysteriously vanish . nope . my throat dries out and my hands tend to shake . i also occasionally ... yes , i am very good with my hands seriously though ... no . my handwritting is average at best and my hands always have a small tremor . the fact ... boooring . i always end up questioning how magic works and want an explanation . sci-fi on the other hand : wink : ... ... i can be a total bore sometimes ... thanks for the input so far . i'll keep all of it in mind . i am already quite courteous and polite so that shouldn't be a problem . i will have to censor myself when it comes to being critical ... get outta my head damn it ! i don't even like this song but every time i hear it ... ugh . : crying : in my opinion if people want to fuck around they should let their partner know before ( which could end the relationship ) or cut the shit and end the relationship immediately . lying about infidelity ... '