' also , sometimes i find myself very dependent on music . it can completely alter my mood , or enhance it greatly , for that matter . not sure if that's healthy , but i don't think i'm the only one . i find myself harmonizing a lot . but i feel different than those around me in the sense that i'm much more accustomed to listening to an album all the way through as opposed to listening to a bunch ... i've fallen into a habit of wanting to be alone when i'm with people and wanting to be with people when i'm alone . i've been on two trips this summer with friends , and both times after about four ... drama kid ! things really are just far too complicated , huh ? i wish i just knew what i wanted / that i could make up my mind . if i had known six months ago things would still be like this , i wonder if i would have ... i always have on bracelets ( usually the same ones everyday ) and a cross necklace . every accessory i wear has to mean something to me . i don't wear bracelets to look pretty , each of them have a ... i really just want you to leave or stay . i think . actually , i don't know what i want . it changes everyday , sometimes every couple of hours , and it sucks . i really just want to know where you fit in ... oh and i have a really hard time with crying . i feel the need to cry several times a week , but am only able to actually produce tears or let anything out once a week at most , with a few at best . the ... being reminded of my dog's sudden death a couple months ago . before that , it was the realization of how negligent of a person i've been lately , in a couple different respects . i just don't have the energy to live up to the expectations of those around me , whereas normally i'm willing to put forth that effort . i sort of set myself aside in the corner , or like you said , ... eat nutella straight out of the jar . maybe that's not so odd , but it's definitely a common practice in my room . i also have a habit of talking out conversations to myself . two of my closest friends are enfp's . i think it's because our environment , it's very enfp-attractive . i still don't know how i feel about my best friend being an enfp . i can't tell if i like it or ... i have a friend very much like yours i've been struggling with for far too long . the only advice i feel as though i can rightly give is to be honest with both her and yourself . remember what a friend ... do you normally start the relationship , or have the other person start it for you ? i think i eat more cheese than i do anything else . the amount of macaroni and cheese i consume in a week would probably be very frowned upon by the general public . lars and the real girl juno no one's taken the time to even break it . many people curse their hearts breaking , i almost invite it ... just to know what it's like for someone to mean that much to you . i think i feel it in my chest . for awhile i had this thing with a guy , but once it was over i tried to avoid him as much as possible . one day i was walking and i saw him and he saw me and i literally ... kind of just smile . i almost never start an argument , it makes me feel uncomfortable and i have a very hard time dealing with knowing someone dislikes me . i don't recommend it though , disagreeing ... i'm the opposite . my three closest friends are all enfp's . i think i like that enfp's are very understanding , and therefore these friends understand me in a different way than others . i apologize for everything . it's kind of my safety . if i say something that has any chance of being taken wrong or even the slightest bit cruel , i insert an i'm sorry so they know i'm not trying to ... if i got enough sleep , i'd naturally be defined as an early bird . but because any chance i have to sleep in i utilize until it's afternoon , i guess i'm currently placed as a night owl , though i don't ... dear , i don't understand you . i don't understand who i am to you . i guess it doesn't matter anymore , i'm done . thank you for helping me realize who i really need in my life . yours , thanks but ... dear , please don't let me be alone anymore . i'm ready to be your somebody . yours , waiting i used to be a pretty hard cryer . in situations where there were goodbyes and many people were tearing up , i'd be one of the people crying the most . i went through an experience over the summer that ... i've been feeling like this for over a year now , it's strange . i have such great friends , really , i do , but i still feel like there's this side of me wanting to come out again but there's no room in ... how much of it do you get , and what do you do with it ? i get hardly any , if any , which is starting to really hurt me . if i have it , i normally read or listen to music , sometimes watch movies or ... lars and the real girl where on the maturity scale would you place yourself : immature , mature , or somewhere in the middle ? what about when you were younger ? people have always told me i was so much more mature than ... dear anonymous , can't you see that you have complete control over our friendship ? have you ever noticed that when we fight , it's because you started it ? i never call you out on anything . even when ... i'm a lot stronger than i thought i was , but that still doesn't mean when faced with incredible disappointment or loss that i can always handle it on my own . it's okay to rely on others . sour patch watermelons peanut butter m & ms , and basically any candy blue-rasperry flavored . i'm an actress , but when it comes to presentations and speaking in school i get very , very nervous . once i'm up and have started i do quite well , but i would probably do better if i didn't psyche ... i know how you feel . i have a large amount of empathetic distress , but i haven't gotten rid of any of it . it just kinda sits inside , eats away at me , then leaves me a little more empty . but i'm used ... my outer layer is smiley . it's giggly , it's nice . my next layer is quiet . listening . watching . being with others , but contributing little to nothing . my next layer is pure isolation . i just ... i don't deal with it . i store it up and become increasingly depressed , but i don't show that either . why bother ? no one would understand if i tried to explain it to them , nor would they make me feel ... acting .. and music . and people . tiny vessels-death cab for cutie your guardian angel-red jumpsuit apparatus yellow-coldplay agh so many . i don't know . those aren't even sufficient . they're just the first that came to mind . i get hurt easily , but don't easily show it . 9 times out of 10 a person won't know they hurt me . somewhere in the woods , near a lake . cloudy with a hint of sun , cold , lots of big rocks to sit on , isolation . it's almost like there's two sides of me . there's the side who is loud and kinda outrageous , full of laughter and giggles and smiles , and then there's the side who just wants to sit on a bench all ... i'm a follower . i can lead , but i just now that others are better at it . it's something i don't enjoy doing , in fact i get a lot of stress from it if i'm in that position , so i'd rather just stay ... i think there is a range . some enfp's have way more energy than an infp would ever express , but i know from my own personality that i'm quite shy and reserved , yet i still get my energy from other ... every morning i wake up and the first thing i do is eat nutella that's hidden in my room . indie for the most part . really love death cab for cutie , the civil wars , fleet foxes ... that sorta thing . picked mine because it is a nickname given to me by an important person in my life that i thought was fun and suitable . i originally wanted to be your guardian angel ( for a couple of different ... i've been falling for the same guy for more than a year . even worse , he has been dating my best friend almost the whole time . hopeless . earthquakes scare the crap out of me . being alone scares me more . still trying to figure out my style . i am very particular when picking out clothes ; sometimes i spend an hour in a store and don't buy anything at all . my closet is a mixture of different clothes ... i would be sporty if i wasn't involved with theatre instead ... '