' thank you for your thorough response . i agree with your observations : sting is a very intelligent man , probably way above average . his stage persona , i think , comes off as a consummate ... thank you , sweetie ! : happy : yup , i can be pretty energetic , but not constantly . it comes in bouts , you see . as with most explosions , the right combination of environmental conditions and a proper trigger is needed . the ... you're most sincerely welcome ! okay , i think i get it . the answer is yes and no . yes , some pretty random ideas come to me out of nowhere when presented with something new , but i hadn't ... why is the cat wearing clothes ? i love dressing up my cat . i think he loves it , too . or , so i hope ... : unsure : okay , here goes ... 1 . how bodily aware are you ? dude , pleesh . i could get picked up by a hurricane , thrown into a volcano , ran over by a truck and have a door repeatedly slammed against my head , ... good way to test us : slip in here , with your big , fat , glowing intj sign ( or that's what it looks like to me anyway ) and make it clear you have money but in a tasteful way . also , you are showing you ... well , that ain't saying much , since we set the bar real low , so ... : unsure : duuude ! ! ! you're back ! ! ! * throws confetti * what's up , man ? yeah , that happens a lot to ne-doms , from what i hear . i wonder why that is ? : unsure : doesn't sound likely to me ... dude , i've done it ! the 2 + enfps part , not the small city part . i ... word . put some ground between you and your exes . that speeds up the healing process , both yours and theirs . so yeah , be kind . two sentences i periodically get from my husband , after looking perplexedly around the house for a few seconds : - so ... what did you do all day ? ( when it looks like i've been vegetating on the ... spot on as usual . feels so good to be understood ! :) story of my * * * life . i'm so sick of this part of me . you know that thing people say about loving and losing being better than never having loved at all ? well , it's so not true . i've had to ... i recently started working with a new batch of people . it's a small company , and of course , every effing body is a sensor ! ! so i get to listen to these quite often : hey ! * snapping fingers * ... oh my god ! ! ! i do the same ! ! ! that means i'm actually a normal , well-adjusted adult ! ! : shocked : so we've been having a very intense couple of weeks at work . we worked really late last night , and met early today for the next round ... me : morning , x . how are you ? co-worker : * not quite ... ohhh my efffin wooorrrddd ! ! ! invite * me * instead ! i'd love to visit a place like that ! ! : cool : i guess it just feels nice to . being yourself is no excuse for being impolite . anyway , i'm writing you a pm . i'm busy , though , so it will take long . sorry . ok . first of all , thank you for considering my posts carefully . it shows you are not “ trolling us ” , as another poster suggested , and that you honestly want advice . so , this is my ... : please stop . there is no way in hell these ideas you ’ re trying to bounce off us can be seen in any light other than creepy and stalkerish . yes , you mean well . yes , the reason you want ... girl , you're too sensitive ! stop fooling around and get some work done ! wait , you did what last weekend ? ! all three this very morning . ... am feeling cranky . me want sugar nao . dear anonymous , please stop avoiding me . i just want to stay friends , is all . i love you . it's okay if you don't love me back , though . no pressure . all i ask is for coffee and gossip from ... man , i'm dying for one of those microwave cakes i make when i'm bored . if only i didn't live in a sucky third world country where , from time to time , it's hard to find necessities such as eggs , ... none of my deepest , closest , most important friendships last . all my ' bosom friends ' either stab me on the back , or frighten me into walking out on them . mostly they stab me on the back . ... thank you , sweetie ! ! ! * tackleglomps * 85692 yup . wanna find out ? click here . you're kidding , right ? for an overactive ne ( enfps ' dominant function ) , pretty much everything qualifies as fodder for the cerebral fire , so to speak . it's ... here , here and here ;-) to summarize , apparently we like to hang out in libraries , book stores , concerts , coffee shops , the interwebz , bazaars , parks , around campus ... places where you can ... yup . he's hellbent on turning me into a stepford wife . he just doesn't get it : there's no way in any of the religious conceptions of the sort of afterlife reserved for the wicked that i'll ever ... not in my experience . my i is very vocal on what he thinks about my procrastination , and other hot spots in our marriage . but it's got its upsides , too ! anyway , you go ahead and enjoy the ... hey , i'm glad you made it and are still making it . i've missed your insight on complex issues , as well as your sudden outbursts of enfp-ness . doubt i'm the only one , too . i'm alright , thanks . ... danse macabre it's good to see you again ! i've missed you . how've you been ? ... can't find my reboot button . i want to start over ! ! ! i feel about a million years old tonight . minus the wisdom that's supossed to come with age . who stole my wisdom and left me with this crappy body racked with pain and weakness ? i'm ready to shoot ... impossible . ears are too cute not to make one want to nibble on them , no matter what ! yup . in my early twenties . it went like this : hot ! ! ! hothothothot ! ! cold . :d ry : ... omg i love you ... yup . been married to an istj for almost six years now . every fight feels like the last one ( think ka-boom ! ) , but as cliché as it sounds , we really do balance each other , bringing something into the ... ... plus one . and by tomorrow , you've moved on to the next obsession . i hate three things in this world : having to ride the subway during the rush hour , being insulted by someone i love , and working overtime . check , check , and check . ooooh , this has been a fully ... it was about time someone posted an edgy joke on a thread about edgy humor ! you , sir , are very clever . and bold . 78091 congrats , foibleful ! here's another fan of your wrong answers , so keep rocking that thread , bee-yatch ! okay now , ... you silly boy , you ! lol that used to be my theme song in college ! q . if you were given the opportunity to never again feel pain or suffering ( both emotional and physical ) , would you take it ? a . that is one excellent question ! see , i've experienced chronic , ... ... when you read the post above and your heart goes out for the poor fellow who's probably been burned . check it out , squirrel : jay is laughing * you * off ! but i'm the sloth ! a dancing sloth . ooh , i feel a song coming ! i am the dancing sloth young but slow , only twirls a lot dancing sloth feel the flow of the dancing sloooth ... ... hey there , crystalshoener ! welcome to the boards ! hope you enjoy your time with fellow gods and goddesses really really goodlooking people enfps here . * hug * hi darling ! so sweet of you ! ... oooh , goatee ! : happy : right you are . the chair is female , since it's where you sit on . you also sit on your ass , which starts with the letter a and is only three letters long , so that one is obviously female , and so is ... '