i like how you phrased that . xd i've had an abusive childhood . i'd say , about 6-7 on a scale of 10 ( it is possible that i judge more harshly than others would but there is no absolute measure to be had ) . i've always been aware ... thank you perc mods : * <3 may i please be named 吉祥天 in that exact font ? if that cannot be done , can my name please be changed to kisshoten ? huh , i suppose i should give the book another read . great case , though . thanks yeah , i get that . this is the stuff that contributes to the impression that trump is 8 . but that's what i'm saying , it isn't real . all the fearlessness , etc . it's all just bluster . as for ... i was of the opinion that trump was a 2 until someone i know and consider to be well versed with how types worked made a very good argument about 2s typically being soft , which is when i shifted to ... this is one of the characters of theophrastus - i think this is trump from theophrastus ' time . and naranjo classified this theophrastian character under e2 . just saying . bump i go with 3 although i can't be sure . first impression was 8 but it seems wrong . i know very little of this guy and what i know of him makes me lean away from 8 because of how much of it ... chainsaw i recall you pm'd me once about something and then the astrology thing in my interests section made you react ( i mean the content of the pm and the way you had phrased it wrt ... i thought that i warned you about the woods : the pain they caused me , the life it took . but , here you are now centered & stark . the sun ... at least someone will appreciate the humor xd i guess i found some stuff . a lot of ile's have written about their experiences and i relate . but none of them had any tips on how to deal . :( i seek solutions ... ;( i'm just asking , not specifically asking you . but seriously , i'm way in over my head . i might lose my shit without warning and that scares me xd want more ... how do i deal ? how do i learn to not let it ( fucking fi ) fuck me up ? ! i wish there was more info out there on fi polr . i'm trying to overcome fi polr and the associate fears through understanding ... but i was screwed over by life .. :( edit : please share some ... enjoy , me hearties . i'll seek you out , baby .. i can see it all tonight underneath a perfect sky where the universe revolves around the pupil of an eye and infinities ... i wanted to reach 3000 posts so badly a few days ago .. now i couldn't care less why , yasuo ? why ? ! i adopted a more strategic approach . i bided my time , so to speak and expressed my independence when the time had come . :) i know i cannot be controlled and when the time came my wild nature ... yeah , the italians and damn near everyone else , except maybe west europeans and americans ( based on my impressions from russell peters ) , know what it is to be a little , defenseless child before ... i thought hitting your kids could land you in trouble with child care services . we don't have those out here . so , yeah , my generation of kids were at our parents ' mercy , more or less . some of us have ... my understanding of parenting in na comes from russell peters . i can hardly be blamed . xd ah , i didn't think parents whooped their kids ' asses in the us . i have no idea . never tasted one xd i want more posts ... moar ! ! ! need to post more ... aren't blue candy hearts the best ? : kitteh : sweet insanity hmm ... i suck at introductions 1 ) age or age range ? 27 2 ) city , country and / or region ? heh .. let's say , i'm from the other side 3 ) tell us something about your social life ? it doesn't ... gonna share on fb obviously i know next to nothing about you , so take this with a generous helping of salt . iirc , i saw a vid of you and thought you were 9 . unless something about you in that video was contrived , ... ooh .. something i missed commenting on . askers basically ' ask ' to be interrupted because they love dialogues . declares are more into monologues and being interrupted fucks up their mojo . you ... the dichotomies worked pretty well for me , except for a few which weren't as clear cut . chaotic neutral , true neutral and chaotic good . :P i iz vergil of de mafias of de percies . you might remember me from theme games such as titanomachy , cthulhu mythos and most recently , south park . * crickets chirp * thank you .. : crying : i know a greater irony :D ( yay one-upmanship ! ) i could kill you ( coz u haz tigey picture ) and use your corpse as fertilizer in my garden . :D the only problem is .. how do i cover it up ? ... i'm a human being and therefore a representative of the apex , apex predator species of this world and i'm vegetarian . <-- that is a greater irony than my love for cats . but , point taken .. : rolls eyes : lol ... so much for my hare conclusion . : sigh : so i was right . it was a hare . and yes , cats are small where i'm from . i don't get the irony , unless you're referring to the fact that i thought the dead creature was a hare before fat ... i kinda got lost after the 40 min mark , mostly because i know no one on that list of great stars . :P but i want to share something that i felt was somehow connected . ( it could just be my ne going ... a very type 2 song , methinks ... but i like it all the same .. :P  greyhart i've always wanted to tell you that your accent is sexy as fuck . :P i saw your typing video . i don't know why i didn't tell you before this , but yeah , now that i remember .. i ... does anyone know of horror writers that are like h p lovecraft ? i want to feel enthralled and creeped out at the same time . this makes me hungry .. can't sleep