' you know your an in then you have finished watch and you can't stop raving about it to that someone you so what to understand you . the shadow side of the infp can lead to effacement and allowing others to actualise there darker fantasies . infp's , . it is said that infp's will go to extraordinary lengths when meeting the inner vision of an ideal within the work place or out side of a work place . here is a picture of an idealist ... male with hairy legs . sent from my ipad using tapatalk the discussion is far from being exhausted we have not addressed his instinctive mentality . ronald trumps instinctive mentality is as all people divider as a multiplicity three by three . ego is ... littleorange , i read your post some time ago when you posted it and wanted to reply but could not quite generate the conceptual idea in minds that address an explanation needed to explain the ... he is more than estp as space is more than nothing , it's full of stars and energy and microwaves . that's the problem people are being to narrow there is more than a set of four letters to ... mood doesn't equal nature it's not about your experience of instinct the context is phycology related not instinct related . your relating most likely , though your instinct perhaps the social ... your focusing on his mood his mood is esfp his agenda is infp and his focus of concern is estp . you people .. ! ? thanks for posting this silas . i looked at quasi-identical-relations and looking at the list of sixteen ... the dum some may see in donald trump is partly due to a % of his type makeup being part infp this infp or inpf is also the arrogant edge or less tolerant part that alines with his self preservation ... donald trumps true type is divided between three type energy influences and it is this divide that is the cause of his unstable personality difficulties . 1 ) . his primary point energy point :8 . ... let's get metaphysical in a metaphor like way that just might have relevance to the nature of the underlying nature of the structure these two energy's stem from . infj and infp remind me of ... you people are weird , it's all so simple . sp's are geared via adrenaline to be a wear . they instinctual know they are alive situated on the surface and have a need to survive . develop maintain manage ... elscar in this example of an sp you will witnesses clearly the regency generated via adrenaline within the mind set of the sp . the adrenaline works upon the front cortex generating a storm of ... it's not my work , i did not do the science , the science was done by the enneagram institute . maybe you think that they are simply a pack of silly people who no not the enneagram or how to conduct ... do you also sometimes have an estj function to your personality and an intj function to your personality ? dothraki elscar if you don't get it then sit back and observe the sp energy . try to sense feel it , and infp feel it at a visual gut level . from this view point it really is so easy to see . via ... my way of sensing the sp energy is by feeling the energy as being an adrenaline driven instinctual energy , i see sp's as being front cortex driven people , adrenaline and cortex driven . they take ... try to insult the intj mind set , inj ? to .. enp ! te ? to .. fe ! the impersonal to personal . sp - question principles valued to build relations between people by the sp intj . so - question values ... the nature of love [ big yorn ] why is there life in the universe ? well that's a big question madman , i look at it this way from reading and hearing others thoughts in order to work out my own thoughts and my thoughts are ... the sourdough consent suggests to me that the subject matter is a mirror , of an internal conflict . something other than . maybe it's to deep in context of the conversation , but that was where my ... wow this seems tricky , as if it's a si-ne se-ni apathetic mildly depressed over compensating mind set as its a enfp's presented puzzle challenge where in the enfp is drawing upon elements from entp ... just because someone works as a prostitute or rents the services of a prostitute that may specialise in what ever fetish or sexual play some may enjoy doesn't mean anything other than two or more ... i am practising envisioning the eighteen subtype energies recognising an impression of the energy flowing the lines of moment noting the similarity's between two point subtype energies as each ... you need to be more gentle with yourself because much of what you spoke wether you realise it or not as a sx / sp is a mirror statement . why is this so ? because the sx / sp is a part of the ( -7-4- 1 - ) ... only under or via stress . the kinda stress that hold the tension of mood to the self's own experience of character . agenda driven focus for the 5w6 and an isfp focus would be considered also normal . ... as an infp it's my thought that infp's see the potential in intj's a potential that can help the infp's development . when i was in my 20 ' s i had a good friend who was and is a 6w5 intj and we got ... 7.5 it generated a sense of the creator and the bands trip , so it was ok and it generated the gray between the royal blue outer and the pink inner into purple , at must be so alpha beta brain wave ... the instinctual variant structures is a fascinating subject and is a subject . there is much movement more movement in fact than is commonly recognised . in my opinion the instinctual variant's ... - sp doms who are nfs ordered , rigid , principle orientated , practical . - soc doms who are intj or istp community orientated , community focused , prepared to champion the other , forgiving . - ... i believe the dominant wing is linked with agenda and the other is linked with mood . the mechanics of type must exist in all transactions , what i attempted to touch upon is ta ( transactional analysis ) it's structural activity within the workings of type at the levels that i ... no , it is a disorder an individual may actively emirate or have as a disorder . all humans have both a light and dark side and are capable of saving grace and able to partaking of the holy ideal ... no it can't be true , i found this via popular media .. ? no it's a prank for shore . but he shore is a colourful type with lots of mysterious ... infp's have strong id and the three id types are 9 , 4 , 5 . the infp is the enneagram sub type 9w1 . for the 8w9 with its primal cognitive energy being esfj its 9 wing is focused upon agenda and its 7 wing is mood impulse driven . the seven wing for the esfj 8w9w7 is entj . for the 8w7 with its ... donald trump is not an esfp . he is a esfj an 8w9 , tri fix : 826 , tri type : 8w7 2w3 6w7 , i'm not exactly shore what his instinctual stack is but i am thinking sx / sp / so . i'm no shore what his ... don't you make me cry ! the secret place i can understand the mechanism that influences the drive of joe osteen's proactive overcompensating fixation toward a proactive mind ... a set destination ? i speak my mind as like a fractal unfolds i'm a big picture thinker . in my arrogant opinion , . i don't think your arrogant , in fact i don't have an opinion of you because i have ... yes there is much showmanship to be pronounced via the istp mind set . the actor playing will wonker is an isfp , istp infj and istp have a shared movement within a triangle action . the law of ... i'm not getting heart , ( that maybe a mirror statement refereeing to your own experience via reading my post ) . no not the reincarnation of shakespeare just doing my job of remembering the quanta of ... i'm shore you do , and if the topic of your persuasion was more about influencing a nt then i'm sore your narcissi mind set would have spoke ; i think the would of ntps . because the istp has entp as ... sidewinder other than two obvious enough spelling errors due to auto correct and negligence to proof read the post i can not see any problem with the post . it's basically factually correct . ... all this negativity about the n function doesn't surprise me in fact looking at and taking note of the state of the collective synergy and the evolutional direction the collective is manifesting ... my essay donald trump is representing the mobs political interests by seeking the office of president . page . 1 ) donald trump seeks to convince the mob , organise the mob , represent the mob ... not fast . sent from my ipad using tapatalk '