' what's the point when almost everyone in the woirld sucks . it's sorta is . a lot of people i see , i think they are enfj or esfj but instead they are istp or intj . we just judge ppl based on stereotypes . then gimme white wimmin i don't he's stupid . he just said some things without double-checking the evidence . he also said some rash things in the heat of the moment . how do know what house i'm from ? should i do the hat test ? wrong forum . funny how it's always the shittiest people that talk about a perceived human nature he's very narcissist for sure . he calls everyone who wronged him a loser . even poor lil rhonda rousey because she supports bernie . give him mct oil like axona , it's good for alzheimer . even if he doesn't have alzheimer . it's very good for your brain . this is stupid my type is any of them . there are a bunch of wonerful different people in the world . baclofen . intp pain . ur prob right apology accepted . : wink : oh shit waddup this . no secret . i don't like most people either . with me . mct oil . discuss . i see no difference between extroverts and introverts . only noticeable difference to me is s and n types . on this forum i've seen a lot of people who think like me , like how a lot here had the same conclusion on many subjects , without having talked to each other beforehand . it blows my mind when you come to the realization that not everyone is like you . we often think of attitudes and actions as if they were common sense as a result of higher intelligence , i often ... cheeese is disgusting unless it's on pizza . haven't tried gourmet cheese tho poc this doesn't surprise me . s types are not very smart . what do you all think ? buried . that's true for me at least . people believe what they want to be true . it's called confirmation bias . again , all the bad things that happened in the world is caused by peopel like this . if you think things only in terms in self-interest then you'll only cause damage to yourself and the people around ... all the corrupts in the world think like that too . infp is the most jealous type so yeah . is this a joke ? i usually hang out better with extroverts , all the introverts i've met have been terrible conversationalists . do bad things why do you care ? people depress me . : crying : why are they so bad ? no . my heart beat i told i was a horny litle girl in a chat room he's racist , that's his personality . xddd i'm innocent so i woudn't know abou that . you americans are all stupid as fuck , though . you don't know shit about anything . diogenes the dog calm down , lady . i'm just shortening my lifespan by getting angry at retards . there are two rules for being successful - - rule 1 : never tell others everything you know . take potassium cyanide pills . '