i like to feel special but when i find out a friend likes a song i do i feel good . i enjoy connecting with people and the more i have in common with somebody the better i feel about my place in the ... if she's crying morning , noon , and night - i highly doubt that your offer will be met with any derision . if someone is crying all day long it probably means they are at the end of their rope . being ... i can't speak to what would be best for you . what i can tell you is that you seem to be so emotionally distressed that you seem a bit jumbled right now . the first thing i would recommend is to write ... so it's friday night . early on in the week , i had a couple separate groups of friends invite me to activities for tonight . all of them were things i would thoroughly enjoy . so i just got done ... i guess there aren't any concrete reasons why , i just never saw myself doing that . that is eerily similar to my own experience after college . i have learned this too but i hardly considered it an acceptable way to deal with the loss of identity i was enduring . maybe ... my first though when discussing an enfj villain is a manipulative sort of leader who brings everyone to his way of thinking through sheer emotion and cleverly worded parables that convinces his ... wow . spot on . you had my head bopping from the moment it started playing story of a girl haha . that's one of my old guilty pleasures . man you hit on some really good songs i haven't heard in a really ... bill burr louis ck most episodes of scrubs ^ these two have insightful observations about human behavior . anything that pokes fun of silly cultural norms . dislikes are comedy that employs ... some people see approaching intjs in an effort to form a relationship to be very difficult . i used to think so as well . the honest truth though is that it just takes a different approach . some people ... i agree with this in the sense that as someone who is fe , i collect odd or embarassing experiences because i end up sharing them with friends . we have a good laugh over them and it makes for good ... i found you to be very articulate and descriptive , personally . i agree with theory 2 . i'm not really the type of person who worries excessively . either something goes well , or it doesn't . i can ... i ran into a problem recently and i wanted to know if any of you have encountered the same . in college , i made a big diverse group of friends . i became the president of two different clubs and ... i've been told this by a few people in my life . a few of my ixtp friends see any attempt to cheer them up , or seduce them , or to discuss and suggest a comprise as manipulation . i once had a friend ... i get where you're coming from . hahaha but also as an enfj i can identify where your spouse might be coming from . i actually have had a similar conversation with an ex in the past about being ... so : 45/50 sp : 39/50 sx : 39/50 damn . why are my scores so high compared to everyone else ? by the same token those same what ifs could be applied to him being an awful person who would cause untold death and suffering . those what ifs don't really lead us anywhere useful . i think where ... scale of 1-12 my results were 10physical touch 8quality time 7words of affirmation 3acts of service 2receiving gifts seems right . best gift i ever got from my ex was a letter titled ... to me that sounds like you are choosing to abstain from making a difficult choice on the grounds that you aren't qualified to make such a difficult choice . you're allowing the choice to be made by ... i've learned , from years and years of being in relationships that your partner will unconsciously expect you to know what they want in terms of a sympathetic ear , or someone to help them brainstorm ... this happens all the time with transplant lists . the reality is that resources are scarce . giving it to the first person to cross your path , to me , seems like a decision made to indulge your own ... just curious - is that really how you look at it ? is the conservation of resources really looked at as a punishment ? for me - if i had an abundance of miracle drugs i would save this man . however ... let me ask you this ... would you enjoy killing him ? if so i think we just got the backstory of the dying man lol hmm thank you all . that gives me some things to think about . mostly in regards to your approach to your romantic conflicts not being much different than conflicts among friends . especially in regards ... do you find that your approach to relationships differs greatly from your approach to friendships and other social interactions , in terms of resolving a disagreement ? i had an intj girlfriend who ... no . this guy might be a great guy and all but everybody begs for their life and shows remorse when faced with their own mortality . i'm not going to judge the guy . he may have murdered for vengeance ... i think i'm one of those enfj cases that might be borderline . or at least , i represent the js that are ordered about some things , but not others . my room is often not clean . people who put their ... as an enfj , i have a bit of insight to give into these . i have many circles of friends . the perception of being two-faced can stem from a few things . one of them is likely a scenario in which i'm ... your analysis seems spot on robert . i'm very grateful for the time you took in helping me figure this out . i also just took the enneagram test from this site and got 8w9 the bear . my trifix being ... haha that's a bit disconcerting . ugh i'm coming off as impersonal . honestly , i've been on this forum before and i recognized that everyone here seems very intelligent and so when i first went to ... ok so i'll attempt to answer as briefly as possible but i admit i'm pretty much the kind of person who necessitated tldr face to face conversations - it's something about the flow of a ... my best friend is an intj i'm basically completely opposite from him . i'm an enfj ( p ) he is a network specialist in it and he's always calling me on the way home from work to inform me of the ... interesting . though i still found myself hesitating on certain questions as i was still unaware of which one i really preferred . my shadow type : introvert ( 44 % ) sensing ( 38 % ) thinking ( 62 % ) ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... * name - what do you preferred to be called ? whatever you're comfortable with though in real life i go by dexter * male / female / trans ? male location i live in carnegie , pennsylvania right ...