1 . my initial reaction would probably be a combination of confusion and frustration . i would think that the sudden change is a sign that she had been hiding something , which i would dislike ... entp 793 . estp would be my guess . enfp , maybe ? hmm , entj ? my first thought is estj . possibly esfj ? most : 379 , with 7 being the strongest of the three . least : probably 146 male and most likely 7-9- 3 . i'm like 99.99 % sure that your supposed enneagram tritype is impossible . although i do wonder what a 7w1 would be like . just a random guess mom : entj dad : estp eddie : isfp extp tml to cosplay at an anime convention ? interesting system . i think i relate most to type d , although i'm not entirely what my second type would be . i'm not sure . i associate 2 , 3 , 7 , and 8 with being more extroverted and 1 , 4 , 5 , and 9 with being more introverted , and i guess maybe it would surprise me to see a t that a type 2 or 4 , or an f ... i honestly don't remember wtf i was thinking . admittedly i'm not very good with enneagram types , but 8w9 still seems like a bizarre guess for him ... by this point , i can't recall my reasoning for typing him intp , but i agree with your analysis . he doesn't rally seem like much of an i or a t , so enfp fits much better . having recently rewatched the first season on netflix , i'm going to do an update on this : tai : estp matt : infj sora : enfj izzy : intp mimi : esfp joe : istj tk : enfp kari : infp glados : intj chell : istp wheatley : enfp cave johnson : entp caroline : isfj tai : esfp matt : isfj sora : enfj izzy : intp mimi : esfp joe : istj tk : enfp kari : infp yeah , i could also see him as an isfj . yeah , that is possible . it's hard to tell if a lot of let's players are introverts or extraverts , because they usually commentate by themselves . all i can tell is that he seems to be less introverted ... she's defiantly an extj . wait , drake is an f ? i thought it was more along the lines of : drake : estp josh : isfj megan : entj crazy steve : enfp alex : estp justin : estj max : esfp jerry : isfj ? theresa : esfj harper : enfp mason : isfp zeke : enfj jeff : estp britta : infp abed : intp shirley : esfj annie : isfj troy : enfp pierce : estj craig : enfp ben : enfj emma : istp henry : enfp snow / mary : isfp charming / david : isfj regina : infp rumplestiltskin / mr . gold : i was thinking intj , but reading some comments here has convinced me he's an infj . red / ruby : ... merida : esfp , i think se fits her a lot more than ne . elinor : esfj fergus : estp based on these descriptions i think i'm a 7w6 ( sw6w5 ) - 9w8 ( sw8w7 ) - 3w2 ( sw2w1 ) . various let's players : chuggaaconroy : enfp protonjon : istp nintendocaprisun : infj joshjepson : entp lucahjin : esfp pcull : entp superjeenius : intp attackingtucans : enfp barney - extp marshall - enfp lily - enfj ? ted - esfj robin - xstp woody : estj buzz : estp andy : enfp sid : istp mr . potato head : istp mrs . potato head : esfj rex : esfp jesse : esfp hamm : entp slinky : isfj rachel : esfp monica : esxj chandler : entp joey : esfp ross : ixtj phoebe : enfp i would say : carly : esfj freddie : intp sam : estp spencer : enfp gibby : esfp freddie's mom : isfj ralph : esfp felix : esfj calhoun : estj vanellope : entp king candy : entj yes ! don't let this thread die ! yeah , i'll trade with you for a day , just to see what it's like being a type 1 . nah , i just bend the rules . : wink : well , other than friend requests , i still haven't looked at my notifications yet . :p roud : i just realized that this thread was moved to spam world . : laughing : well , now i'm back on i have 150 notifications . : tongue : ok im going to bed now ! im even closing my laptop and everything ! good night ! for freaking real this time ! lll yeah , i can't seem to keep my promises . : laughing : ok , i have to give everybody one last mention before bed : nucky navi nucky navi nucky @ navi lots of hugs from mr . meepers for : enmity and pastiche and maybe and ... dammit , why am i still on here ? ok , now i'm going to bed . for real this time . and that's 100 ! good night everybody ! let's ! nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky nucky ... come on ! just 6 more notification & i can go to sleep ! just 8 more notifications & i'll be at 100 ! then i should go to sleep ... you need more navi navimention = 38544 ] navi [ / mention ] navi navi navimention = 38544 ] navi [ / mention ] navi ! pastiche because awesomeness ! my account not working is the best thing that's ever happened to me ! right now i have 69 notifications . : wink : no problem nucky !