a true infj will see many different angles all at once but it can be overwhelming . i believe age comes into play also . a young infj is still sorting out many different emotions , trying on different ... i believe infjs are less apt to say anything until they have researched it , much like intj . we both strive for knowledge and typically won't go near conversations that we haven't already thought ... i enjoy extraverts . funny thing is most of the time i am more talkative than my extravert friends but they always seem to be doing something . i need to break every once in a while . embrace what ... i have found mbti to be extremely helpful in real life . especially in close relationships . my husband is an istp and we've learned that we work extremely well together on projects . i dream things ... many dark periods here . sometimes i believe that because infj naturally understand human nature we can use that to hurt or do good . we can be very manipulative or know just what to say to hurt ... i don't believe their is much correlation . my mother and i are both infj . her handwriting is beautiful and has many graceful swirls . my father i believe is a sensor and my handwriting is closer to ... at this point - with medication . i'm only a small dose of 1 medicine but i've learned gad takes me over . i'm doing much better now . still fiercely protective with the people i love . if i fear for ... i use facebook mainly for family and those i am close to that are long distance . i used to get irritated by it but not so much anymore . i just ignore or move past anything i can't handle . i have ... at first glance i say i detest it . but it really depends on the situation and if the other is trying to help or just enjoying a power trip . if it is meant to put me in a box or deny my opinions , i ... context . everything depends on situational context . i was going to say ' contradiction ' to define but i think ' context ' is a broader word . what i want ? what most of us want - understanding . i find these things pretty aggravating too . the ' i'm going to be late ' text i see as a common courtesy . usually i'm 15 minutes early to most things planned out in advance . i translate this ... a psych professor that i had admired told me i was going to mentally break if i wasn't careful . made me question everything because i am overly careful about everything . my heart is breaking for you right now . i wish i had more to say that could comfort you . i can't possibly tell you i know how you feel but i have a best friend going through a somewhat similar ... the stereotypes i've usually heard is tall , slim , dark haired , prefer classic clothes ... some ring true to me but i've found more similarities in facial features . looking over pictures all the eyes ... interesting question . everyone gets equal trust on a ' people are innately good ' kind of level . however , i will know very quickly how the relationship will progress or if it's worth fostering . ... most of these are true except # 3 . if i'm really trying to work something out i usually need to bounce my thoughts off someone else to make them real . if i'm stuck in my head without talking to ... hate the system , love the man . all the cops i have dealt with have been great genuine people who really do care . i think in a way it's the system that can corrupt them . i babysat for a ... yes . very much so but it's not intentional . we are very good with helping and relating to others with their personal problems but there is a disconnect when we attempt to talk about ourselves . it ... first i want to say that i really appreciate your post . it seems like you are trying to find the good which to me is always something to strive for . sometimes i believe the beauty is within our ... feelings will trigger my ni . they connect me to memories . usually it's a feeling that jerks me back to a place where i visualize and then play out scenarios in me head . i do a lot of ... mine usually have more to do with who is saying them and the context surrounding it . lately i've been getting pretty pissed when i hear someone call me ' honey ' or ' sweetie ' in a condescending ... once i started researching cognitive functions that ' fake ' feeling started to disappear . i have questioned my own motives before many times . when i was working in customer service or the hotel it ... all . the . time . i don't know if anyone already addressed this but i feel it's when i start conversing on a superficial level with the other person . there are many relationships i have that ... food . apple dumplings or pie , or just slice it up and put some peanut butter on it . apple cider . yum . if it's a red shiny one i think of fall . we have an orchard where i live that harvest a ... sometimes i think the only reason is so there are people who can understand in this world . not necessarily meant to change anything big but in small little close circles and passing moments . as ... that feeling is so uncomfortable . i can relate . quality time here also . i think my second was words of affirmation which is probably why i feel it's necessary for those to hear they did something ... i would say i show people care through encouragement . i don't really like throwing ' i love you ' around and it actually irritates me when it's said too much . somehow it takes the meaning out of it ... usually not in my head much anymore . way more into reading reactions and knowing how much the other is into it . if something is wrong i pick up on it immediately and the mood is gone . i married an ... hugging usually makes me pretty uncomfortable if i'm on the receiving end . i think it's a fairly intimate gesture and could possibly have to do with some hsp issues . i'm not a fan of ' obligatory ' ... sometimes i fantasize about living in an area where you can bike easily to places ... then i think again . i'm lazy and then there's a slightly irrational fear of getting hit by a car while i'm on ... it helps me to try to walk the path of the other person . there may be personal fears , reasons , or things in their own personal moral code preventing them from seeing the path you are seeing . no one ... i do love to travel but i understand what you are saying about experience . i think this is why i haven't been outside the us other than canada also . i've dreamed about it many times though . like ... ha ! yes ! a vacation after a vacation is always needed ! maybe it's a burnout with too much se going on ? ? ? i wonder if there is a way to keep that burnout from happening or if it's just how we're ... i don't believe we ever lose that hermit mode or need to retreat as infj . i also don't feel that there is anything wrong with needing solitude . maturing to me has a lot to do with taking control of ... 30 feels good to me . 31 now . still don't know if you could call me mature though . :-) i think we mature in some ways but in others we can become more carefree and carry less emotional baggage as ... totally agree with everything said about isfj . i have one in my family that it's been like our relationship is unraveling lately . she's always been over-the-top and kind of sets up these dramatic ... lyric - black holes are really interesting ! i dated a guy eons ago that would talk for hours about them and i just loved to listen . totally get the correlation behind chaos and wanting to simplify ... i haven't met any confirmed in real life but i know like 4 infj females . i've realized i had to have crossed paths with some because i was shocked when i started researching mbti at how many ... wondering how everyone feels about visiting new places ? ? ? the reason i ask this is because recently my istp hubby and i celebrated 10 years in a resort in a location we have both never been . ( if ... totally understand this feeling . what you brought up about having to be there for people and then they want to protect and shelter you in other instances - many many times and in many situations ... so many of you have already said what i wanted to say . dreamer does not mean dragons and castles necessarily . mine are much more grounded in the real world of what is possible to achieve or a ... zombie-mode . i dig it . i like when the mundane stuff gets so routined that i don't have to think about it at all and just go on auto-pilot ... laundry , washing dishes , really any type of constant ... that's awesome ! keep up with it ! if my school had offered latin i definitely would have taken it . it will help you tremendously in whatever you choose to do . plus it's easier to learn other ... it has been my experience that most infjs are quite intelligent but maybe not in the ways that society appreciates or recognizes . my infj mother has an iq of 140 , mine is 130 . i go through this ... ooooh . that's rough . i was a disaster in teen years . it got a little better in college and progressively gets better through your 20 ' s . a teen infj not only has ni shooting symbols and ... i am definitely more-so cautious . it has been my temperament for as long as i can remember . i like to know and be aware of my surroundings before acting . i have struggled with self worth but a lot ... lyric summed up a lot of how i feel about college in her post . i also saw the inner politics and boxing in and dropped out half way through . i personally felt like i was being beaten into ... 176442 working out i do this sometimes ... 176450 sometimes doing my hair turns me into a cave woman ... 176474 i love my kids boots for gardening ... 176498 this was a few years back but ... summer here ! i love to swim and hike and do outdoorsy nature stuff . my mood always improves with sunlight also . allergies are the main culprit for not liking fall or spring . plus where i live ... i don't generally like the term conspiracy theory . i believe it has negative connotations that box people in as different because they don't agree with the status quo . that being said i love ...