' guy and his helpful cat catches a rat . well then they are not true fans . that sounds awesome . the citybikes where i live have stations which make them quite limited . ( well , a lot smaller city too and less dense so perhaps it's the only way to go , crime or no crime ) not ... - 5 : don't move in with that alcoholic friend when you lose your flat . you'll become alcoholic yourself just as you suspect - and not grow very much as a person as all , as you kind of hope . + 5 : ... because a lasting , meaningful relationship is so simple to get outside tinder ... ? tinder is probably as good as other places people meet each other , digital or physical , if not more efficient . i'm quite certain women are human . manmade | define manmade at dictionary.com didn't expect to get that extreme result on no . 2 and 3 open-mindedness high scorers tend to be original , creative , curious , complex ; low scorers tend to be conventional , ... consumer protection is one of the things that's good with eu . cheating people is less valid in eu than in usa . that's a good thing ( for europeans ) . google shouldn't promote their own products ... maps and borders are weirdly interesting . not much humor really , but interesting on the same topic :  ... where do you draw that line ? that is where capitalism is capitalism , and where it's capitalism + socialism ? it's usually the problem when people discuss politics in terms of ideologies ... i guess i like to go to raves and techno venues and do drugs and dance . that's quite far from intp i guess . it's far from a hobby , don't do it very often due to lack local supply of techno venues , ... i enjoy dreams , and the fact that we dream . i dream both realistic and surreal . 1st person mostly . unfortunately i mostly forget them . i've had lucid dreaming for a couple of years ( the ability ... i really need to shit , like once per 10 minute , when i get stressed . is that an intp thing ? no ? human thing ? okey . guess i'm human after all . very human . i have high respect of rules . i murder people that bring 16 items to the 15 - limit experss line . it obviously didn't work out . that or it was kept in place for far to short of a time and we need to revive that act . ---> none critical thinkers . especially when it comes to politics - ( and especially on the internet as all intelligence classes and all ages are mixed into the same discussion ) . jumping on the ... i'll have what she's having . i got cash . i'm honestly jealous of that cat . failed cops become security guards . failed ninjas apparently become moms to the children of home-office ... how though ? usually respond elaborate to these substance / drug threads , but i won't this time , as i just realized ; i'd fucking love to smoke weed with a group of fellow intp's . i think the discussion would be ... how do you , intp , feel about trump being the president of the usa ? i'm not even a us citizen , so it would be nice if you stated if you live in usa or not , in your answers . but i felt , as a ... liar . your lies are tearing this relationship apart so are we going to fuck you all at once , or do you want us to take turns ? do people actually know the answer to this question . or are you guys just dreaming ? more often than not in most day-to-day things and anything practical logic any day of the week . when it comes to philosophical thinking they can have surprisingly much to contribute with , especially for a rational ... if i'm drunk or in some other way managed to reduce the great wall , and i wan't * to cry i can get teary . emphasis on teary , not boohoo crying . * that is being by myself and spending the time ... you know i'm just messing right ? in every damn thread . why do you have to bring up your dicks , and how to swallow them-project in every single thread ? this is moltenhorse's father . i'm sad to say we found moltenhorse in his home this morning dead . his last wishes was to public a scientific experiment he made in the last hours of his life , in ... i'll go against everyone else and say the cooking equipment . it's even better if he doesn't know he need it ( and you are fairly sure he will actually use it if he receives it ) . stuff you don't know ... the sleeping kid inside me suddenly woke up and really need to know why not . thank you . long time no see my good old childversion of me . i'll go buy jam tomorrow morning . this must depend a lot ... one could say you're jelly of the uploader of the video . not at the time , while interacting . but afterwards , when i'm alone - which is main plattform , my home base - i can reflect and most of the time feel that i severely misrepresented who ( i feel ) i am . this is crazygood stuff i had a really hard time understand what the op was about so i'll just answer the subject question : no it has nothing to do with intp . i'd say it's the opposite . intp go around and seed creative ... true . but when i look at a stake i'm looking at an animal that's been harmed to death , if keeping it literal , so i see it when it's harmed . guess the literal read depends on if you define if a ... spontaneously i'd click i really like / love animals . i hate seeing them harmed . but i'm both a meat eater and a dairy user so i'd make me an immense hypocrite to click that . so i refrain from ... i saw a really great movie with him lately ( believing it was elijah wood , who has really good taste in roles to take ) , swiss army man . slow fucking movie , but fantastic as a whole . chronically untidy . i was untidy when i was 5 , i was untidy when i was , 15 , 18 , 25 . i'm 30 today and still untidy . in a way more untidy , as when i was younger i at least felt satisfaction after ... no one likes you and no one ever will , based on one person was upset about you once . those two has no correlation , it's pure personal from the boss - he / she either does not like you personally and ... - stop hanging out with him - irl or afk ( you said gaming so i don't know if it's an online thing ) . - if you have him on facebook , remove him . basically cut all bands . that's the one concrete ... how ? i dunno it's not like a hammer i pick up when i need a hammer , it's just there doing its business whether i like it or not . how well ? sometimes it's spot on , sometimes its over-reading like a ... never heard of it , did the test on the first hit on googling what is your love language . felt like it mostly was about : do you like to be loved or do you want gifts ? do you like speaking to the ... i see it more like slowly dying . i romanticize enough about everything to know that ideal and reality does not fit . quoting my boss : i don't know if you're happy or sad , relaxed or stressed out , you're always having the same face . so i guess feeling a-z : ... '