in the western world , our understanding of karma is largely misconception . karma is actually very simple : it is the result of your actions . so if you do good , you feel good :) try not to be so ... first of all , slut-shaming is not cool . you're judging this woman based on one time that you saw her ... you have no idea what her life is like or how many men she's slept with . furthermore , even if ... depends how i get high ... if i vape , take dabs or use edibles i usually feel pretty good : happy , not at all couch-locked and sometimes super creative . if i'm smoking out of a pipe or bong i usually ... i attempted suicide when i was in high school . my father cheated on my mother , my mother left , and my world turned upside down . i was already depressed and dealing with an eating order and self-harm ... hmm , it's pretty difficult to argue with an infp ( or anyone , for that matter ) who has made up his or her mind . sorry to say , but i don't see much you can do except hope your friend eventually decides ... my favorite band is the doors , and my favorite musician is lights :) i suspect lights is an infp , maybe an enfp ... not sure about the members of the doors , though . this isn't technically a ... i had a dream i went to new zealand on vacation , which was pretty sweet until giant gorillas started terrorizing everyone . i think i have a fear of gorillas now ... from the master himself ! :) this may be posted in the wrong place ; if so , i apologize ! i've been wanting to read jung's original text on the personality types , but i have been unable to find it at a local library and don't ... i worked out for the first time in a while yesterday and i think i need to do it regularly . it makes me feel strong and also helps to release a lot of the anger and sadness i've been feeling . i'm short , pale , dark-haired and i'm slim , but by no means a twig . this bothered me a lot in middle school and high school , but i've gotten to the point where i'm generally happy with the way i look ... i have terrible commitment issues , and i'm sure that it at least partially stems from the fact that my dad cheated on my mom . i was also in a verbally abusive relationship where i was constantly cut ... just found out that my friend , who i've had a crush on for going on 3 years now , liked me while i was dating my ex . what . the . fuck . life ? this is beautiful in its poignancy . first of all , i am so , so sorry . i feel your pain . i recently had to sever ties with a soulmate as well . it's like you said ... it's nearly impossible to break off ... not me ! but yes she is haha all it has ever done is piss me off and convince me that i am better off without that person in my life . the hype over december 21st has little ( i would even go so far as to argue nothing ) to do with true spirituality . many religions have strayed so far from the grains of truth they were built around ... why must you be so attractive and perfect and wonderful ? why must people assume that we're dating and ask me about it ? why is it that every other guy i meet has a crush on me and you , the only one ... everything is such a struggle lately . haha , there are pictures of it on the infp pictures thread ! :P i don't want it on my avatar just in case someone i know in real life wanders into perc one day . i haven't told him yet , but i'm ... writing , drawing , playing guitar ( badly ... i just started ) . creative pursuits make life worth living . oh , and tea . and cats :) i want him to come back . pretty sure you're fucking her right now . also pretty sure that i'm in your head , however fleeting your thoughts of me may be . thank you ! yes , it's me in my avatar :) the picture in my signature is a still from eternal sunshine of the spotless mind . hello all ! i've known this estp for years and i have a pretty big crush on him . it seems like he likes me too , but i really can't tell , and i'm getting sick of waiting for him to do something . what's ... for me , they're two sides of the same coin . i feel that lot of my creativity comes from a spiritual place , and i incorporate spiritual elements into some of my work . i've written poetry about ... alright , i'm done feeling sorry for myself ! i told you we can't be friends , i deleted your number , i deleted all the pictures of us together , i blocked you on facebook ... i'm going to use this pain ... i didn't think i would ever be suicidal again . it's been years . i dream of not existing , of being one with the earth . i'm going back to therapy . i need to learn to let people love me . thank you . it means a lot , really . thank you <3 i've been doing all of that . it gets easier each day but sometimes it's unbearable , mainly at night . i can't eat , i can't sleep , i can't stop crying . i hate you for doing this to me . how am i supposed to function when all i think about is the two of you together , and how you're happy without me ? i spend valentine's day with you and then find out you spent the next night with another girl . i asked you to choose and you chose her . i cannot do this . i am completely broken and you are just ... i'm hoping all your tests come back negative . my friend had that for years ... just recently got rid of it . it's nasty . best of luck <3 kindofblue 06 and spiritedastray first of all , thank you both for taking the time to read all of that and respond . it means a lot . you're both right . i'm not sure exactly how obvious i've been ... i ... i'm just going to warn you ahead of time that this is whiny , poorly written , and full of angst . so , i'm head over heels for my estp friend and i have this nagging feeling that he may feel the same ... hmm ... i don't visit it much anymore except in my dreams , mainly because i'm trying to be in the moment now and find magic in the real world :) i do love it there though , lots of unicorns , ... violet , crystal and yellow . it seems to fit ... i actually had my aura read by someone who can see them and she said the largest portion of my aura was white ( which to her meant exactly what crystal ... this is most definitely a gift , though you're right that it can feel like a curse . it's called being an empath :) once you begin developing your gift ( through meditation , grounding yourself , and ... i used to have this problem ! not anymore , though :) obviously i still have bad days but they're easier to deal with . what changed for me is that i started meditating . i thought it was dumb when i ... i would be leaving behind loving family and friends , my cats , tea , books , all of the dreams i had for this life ... and i would say that i had a good , if sometimes difficult and uncomfortable , life . i ... thank you all for your advice ! i got really fed up with her last night and threw everything of hers in a pile in her room and put this food-caked pot on her dresser ... well today she confronted me ... first of all , just a forewarning : this is going to be part rant , part me asking for advice . but it's mostly going to be a rant because i truly need to get this out of my system . i live with the ... will the world end ? i mean , i guess it could , but it could end any day , really . i doubt it :) however , i've heard a lot about there being a shift in consciousness toward a more loving world . i ... i recently got a job doing therapy with children who have autism . it's challenging but worth it , and i much prefer it over my old job ( serving at a restaurant ) .