' enough said . i hate small talk and i'm annoyed by pleasantries like how are you ? or how's it going ? how am i ? i'm bored as hell . i'm hungry . i'd rather be anywhere else than here . i hate my job but ... sunuva ... ! ! ! i've always wondered why we've taken the 6 days literally . is our day the same length as god's day ? i don't know that this is particularly a type thing . i enjoy both fantasy and sci-fi . my tastes within each genre do vary . for fantasy i like conan , lotr , dnd setting books / movies / games . i ... i stopped caring when i realized that turning them into bacon was a way for them to escape . mmmmm , bacon ! dyslexics untie ! ah , resting asshole face continues to claim istp victims . y'know , i _hate_ that one . it's sounds to me like you want someone that interests you mentally as well as physically . i would say that your husband feels the exact same way . i personally can't stand to be around people that ... * shrug * we look average . how many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb ? none , first the lightbulb has to want to change . a lot of time you're not going to be able to see a solution to a problem if you're stuck in it , especially if you've been in it for quite a while . a fresh perspective , even if it comes from someone ... * shrug * i guess back on point : i know i'm far less likely to get into any debate or discussion unless i feel i have enough facts / knowledge about the subject to get my point across . then there's ... i've been told all my life that i'm : odd , strange , weird , etc . it's sometimes caused by my random thoughts . such as : if a tree falls on a mime in a forest and there's no one around to hear , does ... i usually end up reading the same books i've read in the past . i get into a loop when i think about starting something new . for example , i have no problem reading the hitchhiker's guide books for ... you know what you should do ... i'm actually the opposite . i look for things to occupy my mind so i'm _not_ thinking about stuff . i'd rather watch a movie or play a game than have my mind contemplate a dozen different things . it'd be too difficult for me to get back to the same place in the relationship pre-breakup . effort > rewards = no thank you . i don't torch the bridge , but i won't travel down that road again . lying seems to be a big thing in your post . i'm not getting a lot of context for that . are we talking i'm not upset when i am or i didn't go out with your friend and leave you home alone when i ... with both feet firmly on the floor of the tub , directly beneath me . * looks around * have i been doing it wrong all these years ? i don't know why i just had this thought : i don't have emotions , i have episodes . yeah , it's another what'd i do _this_ time ? moment . : laughing : i've learned to punctuate a lot of my texts with smileys so that the person on the other end doesn't get confused by what is usually meant as sarcasm instead of an attack . my normal flippant humor ... most high fe situations have me going ( seemingly ) completely emotionless . to the point where the other person gets pissed off usually saying don't you have anything to say at all ? ? ? there have ... touching ? yeah , don't touch me unless i've touched you first . and that's not going to happen unless i trust you . calling someone names ? i don't usually do that directly to someone's face . if i ... listen ... do you smell something ? actually , my party piece in high school was doing this entire scene , burp-talking gozer's lines : stantz : gozer the gozerian ? good evening . as a ... in the twilight zone they always show you what happens to the guy who crosses into it . what happened to his friend who stayed in the car and didn't cross the threshold ? or his wife who stayed at ... some movie / t . v . shows i love : blazing saddles snatch monty python's flying circus black books south park anything politically incorrect , dirty jokes , puns ( imo the highest form of humor ) i mostly have acquaintances . i have several people i would call friends and one i would call a close friend . the only person i could consider my best friend is my s . o . and even she doesn't get to ... a lot of the music i like centers around what i was doing / seeing / feeling when i heard it the first time . i know there's a lot of groups / songs that i love because of a movie it was in , and i'll ... ^ this general stress of the day , stupid people and / or requests , and the control necessary not to show frustrations at work usually end up prolonging the explosion until i get home with my ... i have it for 360 , pc , and my android tablet . i really only play the 360 version though . i'm thinking we are all in full agreement . 2 drinks in 45 minutes is kind of quick . an hour before leaving is also a little soon . for his size both of those are also a bad idea . nothing substantial in his stomach is another red flag to me ... your feelings are valid and he should have respected them . knowing he was driving you home and that you expected him not to be drinking he doesn't have a leg to stand on as far as being mad at you ... i internalize my stress and anxiety . i don't share what's causing the problem , or that there is one ( sometimes not being certain of the cause myself ) . my reactions tend to come out sideways . i ... this . no , i'm not mad at anything . why do you ask ? as i'm strangling them . ( in my head ) there could be an argument made for river having given all her remaining regenerations for the discrepancies . ( off topic aura ) my take on putting an istp in charge : he would look at the problem ( s ) logically and determine how best to correct it . he would then start the process of getting the general public to follow his ... for who fans : the day of the doctor 50th anniversary special ' nuff said . ( and yes , this is on topic ) * ponders question thoughtfully , takes deep breath , and with a sage-like sigh replies * everything when this happens ( which is often ) i whistle , make a clicking noise , or snap my fingers . i find it very * whistle * annoying . ellis bell we are quite amused . certain pieces of music can get me to tear up . here are a couple of examples :  gonna wear it as a medallion . flavor flav ! scientific opinions are like assholes . '