' i didn't know right away the first time but once i figured it out , everything made sense . i would get tunnel vision around him and not be able to focus on anything . he and i clicked and i just felt ... does this count my favourite seasons are fall and winter ! i was very angry as a child ... i don't really remember my childhood well . night . right now , dr . cox from scrubs , mirajane strauss from fairy tail , ... i do as well but only with girls or people i know well . :P as for guys , i've only dated two and they were very nerdy ... both started off as my best friends and are actually both intps . my only really serious relationship was with one of these guys . i've ... does no one else get totally uncomfortable about the straight guys only asking about sex ? or is it just me ? right now i'm watching scrubs and - when i'm done - that'll probably be in my favourites . mirai nikki samurai champloo puella magi madoka magica sun : cancer on the cusp of leo moon : virgo rising : libra lydia - this december ; it's one more and i'm free lydia - illuminate i don't choose to like them ; it just happens , y'know . most of my friends are introverts . i don't really like introverts , to be honest , but that's like all i seem to find . i prefer people who are more ... i don't really care but it's nice to have someone go after you since i tend to like introverts , it's usually me doing the chasing selena gomez is my favourite celebrity ever ... i have typed her as an infj which we supposedly click well with ... i'm literally exactly like that when i make videos ... my best friend ends up with 10 minute videos that's just me making different facial expressions and messing with special effects . i lose track of ... well , i tend to act like a cocky bastard with certain people because they know i'm not . however , my self esteem is quite low and people tend to tell me i don't realize how great i am . how i act and ... which i will happily take ! but that doesn't deter from the feelings given by criticism . i only know about infjs from reading about them / my observations of my infj best friend so i may be off but - after much deliberation - i think selena gomez is definitely an infj . a lot of people type ... well , that's more punch in the face honesty . :) ) i'm too lazy to quote right now . i prefer honesty over kindness in theory but i'm highly sensitive to criticism ... so i definitely agree with the idea of kind honesty . oooh . my best friend of six years is an infj and i'm an enfp . she's incredibly introverted . we met when we were about 11 or 12 and we instantly clicked . we're platonic soulmates ... i haven't seen her ... i don't think anyone's ever really done anything romantic for me but i baked cookies for my [ now ex ] girlfriend and i wrote her a letter and bought her pocky ... and i just write letters and poems and ... enfp kemetic pagan i don't think you should make yourself uncomfortable and force one . if you already give a person attention , then why force yourself ? some people just want to know you care and you can do that all ... i wouldn't force yourself ... if it comes off as forced , then it loses the meaning . try your best when you're inspired and think of ways to express yourself . everyone expresses themselves differently ... this whole cd ... ugh dr . cox from scrubs is my current love . i can't get over how much i love him ... i understand that but i did reply to the query given . hopefully , things go well and i'm going to wish the best ... i'm only speaking from what i feel but if they're friends already , i think it's good ... you never know until you try ! ! it always depends on the person but i'm sure they'll appreciate the effort . :) if they're of interest , you probably have feelings ... i personally like being lauded with attention and poetic turns of phrase ... tell us what you like about us and do it in a beautiful way . but ... i'm an enfp so i'm a feeler but i'm very good at spotting manipulation . i tend to ignore it and file it away in my brain cabinet for later . emotional manipulation is different ; i try not to but i ... yes ... letters are the bomb . i tend to write poetry and love letters . with gifts , i don't really care as long as someone thought of me . i really like things that i can use so it doesn't take up ... well , they are introverts definitely . i don't know why i attract them . but thank youuu . [ hugs back ] i love to write poetry and love letters for people ... also bake for them . anything that ... i want to be friends so badly . i want friends friends friends . i want hundreds of thousands of them . all adoring fans that i can talk to ... i want to be friends . i don't work but i think it'd depend on the rules / how the environment is . some places don't really care whereas others are totally strict ... i'd let the rules guide me and try not to flirt too ... literally me ... it's hard because none of my friends are very ... affectionate . why ... bravely default ! it's really good but i'm currently taking a break . i also really need to finish smt iv ... extrovert i like the night most aesthetically but i get depressed at night . did someone say selfies ? this is like my favourite picture of myself rn . i tried to get my baby brother to watch brave but i don't think he ever did ... also mulan is sooo great . all the music in mulan is so good . ahhh . i don't have the accent because i'm the only one in my family not from louisiana but my mom does . my grandma has one to an extent and great grandma's is sooo thick ... i understand why you might not ... i need to watch tangled ... i love the princess and the frog ! i'm cajun and my whole family is from louisiana so i got all the jokes . it's the only time i've ever seen something centered around ... ugh i love the bossy type . i have a thing for bad boys , too . i just can't seem to ever get in a relationship with any ... that's sweet ! i know an infp and we get on great but not sure i know any enfps . i did know of a couple but we had differing views so that kind of screwed up any chance we had at being friends . :/ ... i was with an intp for almost a year . before that we were best friends for about two years . and my best friend / platonic soul mate of 6 years is an intj . i tend to be really attracted to ... i want to join in ! i've been watching scrubs a lot lately . i think i'm annoying my friend with my love for dr . cox ... i don't know many enfps besides myself ... is there a lot of drama when more ... i tend to pay really big attention to lyrics as bad lyrics can pull me out of a song ... i have my favourite songs based on lyrics i feel something towards . i actually prefer music with lyrics but ... 12226 heh . i'm of the view that there can always be more than one queen . ;) thank you ! ! i use semicolons a lot too ... mostly my depression is what makes me draw . being in love makes me write . but sometimes i do get inspired by other things and am able to produce ... however , only when i am incredibly inspired . :/ '