but what i'm saying is that you won't necessarily know . if no one is harmed by the sex then it isn't a problem , it's just a bit odd . but legalising bestiality leaves the door wide open for abuse . an ... but it isn't possible to know if the animal is being abused , because you can't ask the animal what it wants . maybe the animal loves it , or maybe it doesn't really want to do it but has been trained ... my point is that when you have a situation in which it is not possible to know whether one of the parties is consenting , it leaves the door wide open for abuse . some children believe they want sex with adults ( or even other children ) but as a society we believe that they cannot consent because they don't understand what they're consenting to . animals can be ... surely it depends on how you use it ? all labels are dangerous because they breed stereotypes . however mbti has helped a lot of people . when i was a teenager i thought there was something wrong with ... when you think about your personality over your whole lifetime , are you more energised by spending time with people or with yourself ? entps can be less stereotypically extrovert ( i know an entp who ... all signs point to paedophilia being biological , does that make it ok ? surely sex with any living thing that is not able to consent / refuse cannot be permissible . many statutory rape victims ... one lady at my work who is sort of above me in the hierarchy ( i provide admin support for her faculty ) is majorly passive-aggressive towards me . it's gotten to the point that every time i see her i ... as a brit born and bred , it seems strange to me that companies like amazon hand out ridiculous deals in the uk as well as the us , on a random day that has no meaning in this country . i don't really ... no , i've never heard of an enfp getting married or even living with someone for more than 6 months . 555 really , you're saying you've rejected the church and disagree with many of the things people do ' in god's name ' . there is nothing in the bible that says christians should con people into giving their ... the e could still be affecting him if it permanently damaged his serotonin receptors - that's for life , it won't go away . although i don't know how common that effect is , i don't know too many people ... sundown , do you know his enneagram type ? was there anything specific that led to the depression or not ? if he took quite a bit of ecstasy while he was still a teenager it could have affected his ... i've had that problem in the past . the way that i solved it was by comparing myself to my husband ( an entp ) as we use the same cognitive functions in the same order , but oriented in opposite ... are you sure it's not your enneagram type interfering with your perception of your mbti type ? in the past i thought i could be a p-type , but turns out i was just getting confused between my enneagram ... yeah , i know some churches are pretty against it ( you're mormon , right ? ) , i just don't really know why . i mean , isn't a god who can create a universe that basically runs itself , rather than having to ... i really hate how science and religion are presented as being at odds with each other . i took a uni class on the history of science which included the history of darwin's theory , and it basically ... from what i've read about vertigo , no it's not that . i do feel somewhat unbalanced , but i don't feel that spinny feeling associated with vertigo , and i don't really feel nauseous or have difficulty ... this is mostly a rant but any advice would be more than welcome . i've had two full-on ' episodes ' , and a few shorter ones , which seem to me to indicate maybe epilepsy or a silent migraine or something ... faklubrejle that reminds me of a headline our statistics teacher showed us to illustrate mis-use of statistics : even if it was edited i'm adverse to the propaganda of the end piece , no matter what it started out as . i'm good , got an extended weekend this week and next :D how are you ? trust me , there was nothing in the article to suggest anything untoward . both the man and the woman were teachers ( in state schools , so the pay scale was completely fixed ) , neither had extra ... oh , don't get me wrong , just because there is a pay gap doesn't mean that it is a problem , my point was that they could have found much more credible examples . plenty of women lower the ... that's the point , there is a pay gap so there was no need to make things up . my mum is a teacher so i know the pay scale inside out - you only get a pay rise for working more years or taking on extra ... eternal sunshine of the spotless mind . i share an office with some counselors and they were having a conversation the other day about the theory that most men see a relationship as ' balanced ' if it is 60-40 in their favour , and most women ... warning : these photos are from an actual polar bear attack in churchill , manitoba , canada . these are actual photographs of a polar bear attacking a man . the pictures were taken while people watched ... i assume you've seen this ? made me lol . apparently i have been registered on this forum for a year . do i win the internet ? oh exactly , i don't repress emotions intentionally , i just do it automatically ( something i'm working on atm ) . i have a really hard time with my feelings . if you asked me at any time what i was ... haha , that was my serious face ( or as close as i could find when browsing the internet on my phone ) because what you said was the whole point of why i posted the picture in the first place . i can only speak for myself , but to me the meaning of what he said seemed obvious . when you posted your initial response , i thought you were joking . it was only when you replied to sherkanner that i ... the original post was : ie implying that ni is a form of ocd , which makes it sound like anyone who uses ni has a mental disorder . abraxas replied : so he was saying ' ni is not a form of ocd , ... people don't often get what they deserve in this life . haha i don't think the j part of me could cope with the stress , i'll leave it to the ps . sherkanner bethdeth - you're both just jealous . you try cooking a poached pear with cream and see just how hard these kids have worked for a chance to win the competition of a lifetime . meanie . they're only following their dream :( but i just have to know who is the best pre-teen cook in australia ! flu is evil . what is the point in getting a week off work if all i can do is lie on the sofa , half delirious , watching junior masterchef australia ? nikitaoneill my husband is an entp and one of his major ' strengths ' is completing assignments in ridiculously short timescales , handing them in on time and still getting good grades . he started his ... watching the entp vs entj video where he explains the difference between te and ti answered a question i asked somewhere about bouncing ideas off people . the reason i sometimes feel i need to talk to ... i've always wondered about this , because i am definitely an introvert , and i can easily spend ages on my own , but i do feel like i need other people to bounce ideas off . i think much better when i ... i only realised a few months ago that i generally look calm from the outside ! my problem with anger is that i repress it so much that , when i eventually snap , the outward expression of my anger is ... crying out of anger doesn't prohibit you from being an intj , i do this fairly regularly . learning to harness my alter-ego is my next task , it comes out at the most inopportune moments ( ie when i can no longer contain it , which is never going to be the best time ! ) . 