' nah , it's generally how boring you are . if it's any consolation , i fall asleep talking to her all the time . yeah , the effort i have to make to get your attention . exhausting . sweet , a random mention on perc . .. oh , it's just kaleilei ... fe is objective value judgment . feeling refers to value judgment of the object ; that which lies outside of the subject . the subject being the user of the function . it externalizes value judgment ... yeah , i mean , i'm a fairly cautious typer and i didn't even think she was an entp until fairly recently . but i just do not see much fi in her at all . i mean , yeah , she's a bubbly and engaging ... these aren't really arguments , though . it seems you're appealing to your confirmation bias . yeah , the data gathering aspect isn't necessarily ti , but how she deals with it , or judges it , is . she has a lot of threads in the sex and relationships forum , and about how she should deal with ... if i had to summarize her in cognitive functions it would be these : ne ti fe because she's an entp ? might be helpful ( starting at the timestamp in the link ) i planted the idea . but if we were to trace her behavior back to the functions , she seems to ... also , i think that kaleilei deals with issues pertaining to herself or her emotions or her experiences in a rather impersonal ti way . not so much relating to how it impacts her values , or how she ... that's what i told her on skype too . in this thread we'll post about how kaleidoscope is mistyped as an enfp and is actually an entp . yeah , that's awful . but none of this pertains to efficiency or even anything inherent to market economies . i am sorry that you don't understand the concept of relativity , and that relative ... what are profits and how are they determined ? yeah , that's the point . if all they care about is profits , they will maximize efficiency to attain profits . are people really so stupid to ... look at whether you use fe more or si more . yeah dude , your lack of understanding as to why these things happen is totally a poor reflection of the efficiency of markets . i don't value advertizing or pr , so they must be a pointless waste of ... i think kindness has far more utilitarian value than intelligence . speaking of both concepts within the context of humanity . obviously , if we were ' robbed ' of our intelligence ( as in , our ...  pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound pound job : mr . manager at the banana stand weaknesses : - shrapnel trying to make its way to my heart - my bones are coated with indestructable metal which makes me vulnerable to mutants with magnetic ... oh you best not think i didn't check my own post count before i commented . congratulations that you've reached the point where most of western society agrees that you're spending too much time on this forum ! with numerical proof no less ! of course . holy shit it's so good . that vocal sample . i just really like that song . 2/10 . sorry . it's actually tyrannosaurus rex . in binomial nomenclature , the second part is not capitalized . an asside : the abbreviation of tyrannosaurus rex also isn't t-rex , but t.rex ( same goes for all ... i think i wouldn't frame it as such . i think it's a fundamental difference between the ne / si axis and se / ni axis . ne / si = what do i think i see ? se / ni = what do i see ? on a more fundamental ... i guess you've earned a handshake for your effort . maybe a fruit basket . i'm glad you like it ! haha , yes i saw the news about the next one coming out a few days ago . the last tune is actually my favorite , in part due to those vocals . goatse ! since we're thinking big . we ? what exactly will your involvement consist of ? i just needed a reason to point out the double meaning of giving input . i appreciate the little things in life . i think she would be chained to the rotating door , sitting on a desk chair . and there would be repairmen on both sides of the door . and they would take turns , rotating the door after it's fixed . ... i take no responsibility for this . i also take no responsibility for derailing this thread . two greasy dudes , it is . that just so happens to require repairs . which also just happens to be an awesome premise for a porn scene . ma'am , looks like something's jammed real tight in there * kaleilei disrobes * ... my bet is that it's actually nell . <3 the empty space where my heart is supposed to be will always belong to googoodoll . the infj ( but perhaps isfj ) , whose firey vitriol towards others ( and sometimes even myself - - and don't get me ... both . it comes down to the same thing because they don't see the difference . se-users do it as well . i wouldn't really compare ni and ne too much other than that they're both conceptual . yeah , but that comes down to the same . it is because it is means he can't ... this is in part for new music discovery . if people have an idea what genre it is , and what label it is released on and get a preview of what it sounds like immediately in the post , it's a lot more ... someone may be more knowledgeable or have more experience in a certain subject , but that doesn't mean that all they're saying about it is true . if people are making a lot of claims they actually ... he's an ni-dom . generally speaking , when someone expresses i see / experience / perceive [ x ] this way , therefore it is , i tick off the ni / se box . extra points if they're oblivious to the possibility of confirmation ... look , i know i'm supposed to look at beyoncé's hands and shit . but i can't get my eyes off the dude's headgear game that's sitting right behind her . technically , this kind of counts ? '