' wow santa claus thanks ! do you have any other tricks like these that could help us type people in general ? what about being late ? i hate to highjack a thread but can j's be late regularly too as it's seen as a p thing to do ? - i enjoy in class oral presentations . ( i'm not the best at them though haha ) - i workout . alright thanks guys ! ahh i see haha alright . i guess your n plays a part here and if she's an introvert ? melaniem would you see yourself as an infp doing something like this ? thanks guys and lol chaosepsilon . would her hypothetical type change to esfj if let's say she's a work first play later ; never late kinda person ? my fellow into has a point :p i guess an independent person with titties . so which type would be as straight forward as possible when wanting the guy they like make a move ? for example , - looking straight at him and smiling while they pass by , - sending mutual ... i workout 8 times a week plus practices plus games . so yeah what are the main differences ? please give examples if you can . oh yeah and this girl turns her instagram account to private every weekend then turns it back to public in the weekdays ... wut ? ? why would she do this ? thanks bro . i'll look into those books . it's great that you think it's best if i talk to her in person . i've always been confident in life ( or seem that way as others tell me ) solely because of ... ahh i see ! i misunderstood your previous comment completely . ( your last post is very inspirational btw . thx . ) so you would recommend a few unharmful conversations at first ? i don't even know what ... it would be a lot easier . but she still ( probably ) showed interest in me after 2 years . that has to mean something . also i say probably because it's almost too good to be true . if you'd known her you ... um , i see her twice a year on average . i doubt i'll see her soon ... thanks ! but do you think it's the same : non-risk if i contact her on social media rather than face to face ? coz like i said i see her rarely . nono lol . she was the prom queen type of girl . i was 17 and judged her too quickly ... also the first time ever i saw her she looked at me , turned her head and mumbled yaaak after her friend told ... wow ! thanks a lot everyone ! i'm really surprised as i wasn't expecting this many replies . yesyesyes ! i'm all for talking to her . that is the problem , i am old fashioned too and i want to talk ... hi guys whats up ? to keep a long story short this is about a girl . let's call her echo . echo liked me for about 2 years in high school ( don't forget long story short ) , but i never made a move ... i wasn't clear enough . by art i meant painting . my question was to clarify if intuitives are more likely to be the types of people you see in museums who stare at a painting for like 20 mins ... i was just wondering if it's more likely for a person to be intuitive if he / she says indicates its interest in art ? could we determine the likeliness of one's second mbti letter like this ? sooo , you're a lesbian . hah gaaay yeah ... intp gemini here . your whole life is a lie ? is it possible that someone is an intp while being goal oriented ? evidence makes me change my mind , or not . ah i see .. pretty interesting story you got there ! as for grades . i looked at things the same way you do , until i found out i'm an intp . now i feel like if i don't give my 100 % in school , i'm ... and what's your say on architorture ? lol oh cool . i thought of engineering too ( civil though ) and computer science . my first year in college i was in psychology and i hated it ! i believe civil engineering will be m fallback major if i ever ... thanks for replying , but i'm from canada ( quebec ) . we don't have community colleges here . the good thing is that we go to cegep right after high school , so i'll graduate pretty much a year early or ... ok then thanks red panda . i'm also an intp . feels good to read what you wrote ! good luck to yourself and your sister . also , if you don't mind me asking , how's your sister doing job wise ? ... basically , what personality do you guys think would make the best architect ? also do you think 22 years old is too late to go to school ( considering a 4 years bs in arch . + 2 years masters ) ... infp / infj i know it's common for intps to live his lifestyle ( before his stand up career ) , but i do't see strong ti in him .. it is possible to be bot though . i score around 4 ~ 10 % more p then j every time . and i tend to do some of each description given above depending on the situation . imo , religion has too many flaws to be considered legit by rationals . but then again we do compromise ~ 10 % of the population ... so do we matter ? first stick into your head that you're awesome . find something that separates you from the bunch . ( you're an intp for god's sake ! ) second . look at the bright side . people are asking you out on ... she had boobs ... lol but in all seriousness , i find i like feelers more than thinker types . haven't loved a girl so far but i think i'm falling for this infx gal . it's like she's all i ever dreamed ... just like most social gatherings are filled with sjs sps ... dad ( my idol ): entp mom : istp no bros or sisters ... most people i meet for the first time hate me , because i act like i don't give a shit about them .. but in reality i'm observing them . trying to find out who they are on my own . the answer should be ... hahahahahaha social acceptance acceptance ahahahahahah - to become omniscient ! ! ! and to find the right girl ( which i think i have ) yeah ... i always score like 4 % more p then j . but when reading the two descriptions , i feel like i'm a 100 % intp .. oh well .. best lovers when we're in love . the saying , i get off when she get's off is sooo true for an intp only if they care for that significant other . in any other scenario , we're total dicks . ( well ... she's probably not an intp . though . if she's sure she is , don't be the dick who constantly tells her that she looks beautiful . i believe any intp would hate that . i have about 240 friends . to be honest , i'm only on facebook for 4 seconds every time someone posts something on my wall or mentions me . though , every time we go clubbing , i spend half the next day ... rationally , it wasn't a smart decision for me to interact with idealists . but , as it turns out , i have a lot of respect for them . it's simply because for me , it's not logical how much they can put ... i'm usually nice to people i like . basically my family and my best friends . anyone outside this circle basically gets a pretend like . where i treat them like complete idiots . all rationals in general ! '