' i was actually in a relationship with an infp and i liked it . also get along quite well with enfps . i do get you have some experience with some istj , but that does not mean all of us are like ... red orchestra and i played rising storm 2 vietnam last week . we get things done this way . fun comes after and you get to have your fun too . and happy 29 will provide us with some good food . :p roud : always need some good food . besides it's a meeting with a party after it . seems like we will have a great party then thanks to the both of you . : wink : maybe that is the way it goes with esfps , but not here . the pack will have to discuss on a good leader and then we can have fun . since fun is your weakness ( and perhaps that of other esfps too ) , ... you know , it's important . business first , then there is time for fun like a rap battle ( but i'm not a rapper ) . if others want one , then we go for one . but since we are talking about our subforum with black as it's colour , it could also just be a relaxed , casual meeting where we just go over pros and cons of ... exactly , that is why we need to talk about it instead of having a big war game . one strategy could lead to a big waste of resources and then we are further away from our initial goal . there isn't . in the style of , not a game mode . xd it is just all out warfare , all the time . that's cute , but i meant it more in the style of warhammer 40k instead of team deathmatches and ffas . xd i like estjs . i do not see them as a loud version of myself , although goals could overlap . hehe , nothing wrong with being serious . jokes have a time and a place . a pack leader , so is this ... you could lose some resources in the meanwhile that you may need later on and that would not be a great idea . you know , the leader should be the one who is most capable , not one who wins some contest / battle . you know how i imagine that ? in all seriousness , if we ever need a leader , i think we would all sit around a table and actually discuss it . xd i think packs would fit . the ones who we do trust will get our full trust . it is just the issue of who we let in the pack . :P i don't know . i assume modern times since you brought it up while i suggested you stay here to admire the subforum colour . xd it makes sense , but now it raises another question . just like with our colour black , are we the wolves or men in that question ? :P or you could just stay with here with us and enjoy the subforum colour with us . no , no it's not . we just keep black as our color . after all , money is money regardless of it's colour . funny to see estj in there , did not expect that . actualized type : istj ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 65.63 % extroverted ( e ) 34.38 % sensing ( s ) 58.82 % intuitive ( n ) 41.18 % thinking ( t ) 52.63 % ... depends on who it is . now i wonder if i should tell things about my infp girlfriend and me [ emoji 13 ] verstuurd vanaf mijn nexus 5 met tapatalk sleep through it ( although for 14 hours ... ) or talk with intp about games or something . answering the what if questions from the others wouldn't be that bad unless it goes on for 3 hours . : crazy : ... you know , that would save people some time if they did that . it will make it easier for some , but people do not like being blunt or confess something ( like feelings for someone ) . i got social introvert : you spend a lot of time by yourself — and you're completely okay with that . you are happy with the small group of friends that you have and you avoid large crowds like the ... that's sweet of you to say , beatriz . 413074 you could try professor layton if you want a puzzle game . i don't know about a good strategy game for 3ds , haven't really followed the 3ds . according to your answers , your dominant tendency is upholder . upholders respond readily to both outer and inner expectations : they meet deadlines and keep new year ’ s resolutions without much ... i thought the invasion ended ... because it's quite varied and you always manage to make it look great ( i bet it tastes great too ) . so yeah , please keep posting the delicious things you make ! always amazing to see what you made , doktorin . :p roud : 395266 in due time . i still have yet to meet an esfj ... like chelc mentioned , thinking of a really good friend as family and then finding out he / she turned his / her back on you . i had that happen and it felt like he put a knife in my back . we treat friends ... i think it's better to invest into a good pc nowadays . nintendo decided to not follow with that same time console release schedule and now we have nintendo consoles coming out at a weird time . i definitely changed for the better . when i was young i was way less organised . i always voiced how i thought about things , even if that led to arguments with teacher ( like asking why i needed to ... rip mr iwata , he will be missed . i think city builders like simcity and anno are liked among istj's cause you can plan things out that have the outcome you want . you want a city with a lot of ... smite is really your typical moba , but with a third person view . the company behind it messed up tribes and i am not really keen on how they decided to balance things out . you could give it a go if ... i like peanutbutter and red chili paste on a spring roll . just love it . can't think of something else at the moment , but i will let you all know if something comes up . i am the youngest of three , got a handicapped brother and a sister . neither my brother or myself were the favorite as my sister somehow got the most attention , always got help when she asked for it ... i also play war thunder from time to time . i tend to mostly play tanks now though and i cannot play realistic battles ( i really want to one day ) . from all of the free to play games , i have to say ... deathmint i don't know why we love it . i like it cause it was such a big event for the world . everyone had an impact in that war , negative or positive . also the technology took a leap during that ... as said above , she should be honest and genuine . i prefer if she would take on the extroverted part of the relationship . she should also have the time to break that istj wall to get to know him ... how could i forget xcom ... i even own xcom . :d ry : that reminds me , i actually still need to finish that game . i love ww2 games . the setting , the weapons and technology , just love it . i wish we ... if you like turn based strategy and have a gameboy advance or ds , you can give advance wars a try . on pc there are a few turn based 4x strategy games like endless space and endless legend . i also ... you what ? ! whenever i have problems / personal issues i tend to either bottle it up or talk about it with my brother . it has to be someone i can trust so that they won't tell everyone about it . you might still ... '