' ] ... changed my mind about posting . :) cute enfps ! ! ! my last 2 bosses were my age and they couldn't understand why i didn't want to move up in the company . i just never want to be a manager . in my field of work , that's waaay too much responsibility ... i think it's because i trust who the person says they are . i don't think they have ulterior motives . i trust myself and am an honest person so i think others are the same . while i'm good at reading ... i only had like 2 b's . lol intj : cold in the outside but warm on the inside ... and sexy :-P intp : warm on the outside but cold on the inside ... heartbreakers :-( entj : warm on both the outside and inside ... narcissistic ... i always identified with maryanne from sense and sensibility . i know it's lame-o classics from yesteryear but i feel like my life is just like her life . only i don't want to end up with colonel ... my old boss is estj and i would laugh at how similar she is to my best friend who are both the same age . but the thing is , my old boss could never understand me . my best friend gets me better than i ... i could have written this question . i am also type 4 . i definitely grieve the loss of the fantasy . it sucks so much when it doesn't work out . i don't think any of my potential relationships would ... when i was young and very insecure i was a major people pleaser ... but only b / c i needed external validation for my self worth . the older i get and the more mature i get , i find that i really don't ... my bestie is estj ... not sure how that happened . i like ns as friends mostly . there's some kind of amazing connection that happens when we are together . i can spot an n just in body language . :P i trust everyone . i'm too open . i idealize and fall in love too easily . * sigh * i don't know how to change . as i said , the clue to knowing a projection has occurred is the peculiar feeling of intense fascination or obsession with a man whom she will feel is her ideal mate . he , of course , unless he has a ... hmmm , very interesting . i will have to google that ... he says he always tests as intp but for some reason when he reads the descriptions he identifies with istp . we both agree he can't be defined ! lol he's really wonderful . he comes in a few days ! i am sooo excited ! :D in his defense he went through a horrible divorce and once even told me that he doesn't trust love . i think maybe he wanted to have me and liked the idea of it , but the reality of it would have been ... true ! :D all of the intj males that i have met ( 2 not including my father ) have issues with verbalizing feelings . the first guy i was so in love with for more than 10 years actually finally rejected me - ... i don't pursue the reasons because i don't think it's a problem . i'm just not for them and they are not for me . :) i have a weird dynamic with intj's . i think it's b / c my father is one . i am daddy's little girl and we get along fabulously ! so ... whenever i meet a male intj i revert back to almost being like a ... quick thinker here . sometimes i say / type things and then have to back track or re-read to see if it makes sense . if i am talking i almost always have to ask : does that make sense ? if it doesn't ... wow ! all of the signs are there . don't think about it , just be a man and go for it . don't hesitate and overthink things as you intjs tend to do . yeah , sometimes . then people invasively ask me for my thoughts bc i'm normally so carefree and bubbly . it's annoying because : a . i haven't processed them yet to know what to say or how to explain ... lol ... comparing that answer to all the enfps . :P i agree ... tragicomedy . hoping the ending will be happy though ! * sigh * [ quote = space ryder ; 2252366 6 ] yeah . like this : 419978 that's funny ! i mean i've rented apartments where people have died in them ... but they aren't haunted and i definitely didn't tell them ... lol ! ! ! lol ! do you mean a specific apartment ? i have never heard of such a thing ! ! ! end it . sounds very , very unhealthy . i would go back to being 10 years old , not gain weight , confidently deal with the bullies , shrug off the lack of love and affection from my parents and pursue my life's dream of being a singer ! :D huh ? i'm the opposite , i think everyone likes me ! :P of course i know deep down inside that not everyone does and that i can be annoying and obnoxious to some people , but i tend to read too much into ... i'm definitely not a planner but if someone wants to make plans with me and i am already free at the time and i want to do it , i go unless in an emergency . i haven't always been like this . i used ... i compare myself to my male esfp coworker . he is a lot more emotionally driven than i am . he is also really into working out and making himself as attractive as possible . he's very attention seeking ... i could care less if someone thinks i'm being fake or not . i know i'm not fake . i treat life organically , let things unfold . i never have a plan , i just respond authentically in every situation . so , ... nope . no one needs unnecessary drama . i wouldn't shun them , but i wouldn't make them a priority in my life anymore . okay i had to think about this one bc there are not a whole lot of people i dislike . i guess if i didn't like someone they would see that i just tolerate them instead of being warm , friendly , open ... i'm about to have the absolute most perfect date ever in 4 weeks ! he is taking me to the florida keys and we are camping on the beach , going snorkeling , parasailing , jet skiing and kayaking ! ! ! but ... i wear dresses and dress very feminine . i love showing my curves ! :D nope . out of sight is definitely not out of mind ! the love and caring will always be there , picking up right where we left off ! unless it was an awkward friendship / relationship and it was left badly ... i used to play piano but i stopped . i've been singing my entire life and actually went to school for it . now i sing on the worship team at my church . :) wow ! ! ! 11 days ? ? i want to elope too ! i think it's so romantic . :D i'm really good at reading others unless it comes to attraction . i don't know why , but i suck at knowing whether someone likes me or not . i always think they do ! which is clearly not the case ! lol ... can i answer 200 and be ok ? it's just way too long . ixtj for sure ! i actually like my negative traits . is that weird ? ? i mean , it's certainly not convenient to be unorganized and bad with money ... but i am working on those things ! i believe anyone can improve if ... really good advice ! : thumbsup '