' on my third year of college , and ready to give advice ! i don't want you to make the same mistakes i did ! on school ! - know how heavy of a workload you can handle when signing up for your ... well now i'm feeling so low :( eh , that's alright :P while posting i was actually wishing that you had said hello instead of hi first . we could have started to sing the beatles . but this is ... ... goodbye ... nah , just kidding :P on the less daredevil side , i'm looking into kickboxing . the thought is terrifying since i'm so tiny , and everyone else i've seen in the classes seem so yeti-like , but that might just be the main ... i don't know the latter seasons of digimon :( but i can help with the first season ! - taichi tai kamiya : estp - yamato matt ishida : istj - takeru t . k . takaishi : esfp - sora takenouchi : ... well , that totally depends on a whole buncha factors :P i don't know much about cars , but i'm sure if you put a little more detail into it , someone will be able to help you :) - big family ? ... things are going great ! thanks for asking ! oh , skydiving ! now there's something i've always wanted to try . i can be a bit of an adrenaline junky when i break out of my shell , and the idea of ... i'm gonna just jump in here head first and rather rudely , but who cares ? i wanna talk , dagnabbit ! i tried diving once ... well , snorkeling ... which isn't really the same thing ... ahem , anyway ... ... i love how infjs can sit for hours with all of their attention focused on you if you're having a difficult time ! and often you don't have to tell them you're upset . they can just tell and that ... i'm not sure if womanly advice is exactly what you're out for , but it can't hurt to dish some out lol ! i'm no expert , but i like to help when i can :) the number one rule as everyone has stated ... i've never done a traditional diet , mostly because i find most ( not all ! ) to be really unhealthy . i find it a lot better ( and easier because i'm ms . lazy lol ! ) to just cut out some meat ( considering ... i have actually found how to keep my spaces clean , though i wouldn't say it would work for anyone ! my family and friends often make fun of my methods and see them as lacking purpose . i have to ... what do you guys think of going to a therapist in times of distress / depression ? - considering that most of the distress and depression tends to stem from the people i'm very close to in my life ... while i have never taken any form of drugs myself , i take a very anti addictive drug stance in almost all cases . my brother started smoking weed when he was around twelve and ended up being a meth ... i'll do a few :) 1 . how insanely loyal and devoted they are once they've chosen you as their friend . a friend i have makes it a point to not fool the people she loves in any way , shape or form . ... today i'm happy just to know i made it to another day ! i've had a really rough year full of some very hard lessons , but it showed me what it means to care for someone . i'm happy that the people who ... i have a large amount of anxiety due to situations that have happened in the past so my first reaction is usually to pull myself together . lately , however , i only have to take time to do this if ... intp ! i love how knowledgeable your type is about a wide range of subjects ! whenever you encounter intps in the day , the conversation never runs dry because they have so much to teach you if you're ... criticism of writing format from an intj ? that's just too classic . yawn . i don't think you can really put an age on betrayal . nor do i think you can put a certain amount of value to it . you can be betrayed as a 5 year old by something very simple , but the way it makes ... it's just human nature to be horrible . people hurt each other , and that's how it works . that one too , i really don't like it . people don't seem to understand that it's not the mistake that ... infp 4w5 so / sp / sx :) preferred communication : i would prefer contact over private message if you're interested first . if all seems well , i'd like to transition to email and keep that up for a ... recently , i've wondered what loyalty means to us as a group . i think all humans value loyalty from their friends , but some seem a bit more shaken than others when that loyalty is broken by things ... infp here ! when i do venture out of my humble abode , there are a few places that i notice a large amount of people who i suspect to be my type . coffee shops are the obvious one , but i would ... so glad that you joined ! i just joined yesterday and i'm having a blast ! this place is like a city to me . there's always somewhere you can find to be comfortable if you just look around . have fun ... question from an infp coming your way with a little bit of story time to get a better answer ! my best friend of almost ten years is an intj 1w9 and i love her to death . being an infp 4w5 , i can ... that's a good first step ! don't feel silly for doing it at all ! i had to erase music he had sent me , over 50 pages of written material and pictures we had together . i also burnt the christmas ... i recently got out of my very first relationship was well . it broke me absolutely , because i jumped in with everything i had and adored everything about him . when people spoke ill of him , i ... i love the inspiration the outdoors gives me . this is where i go to write . it's not the most beautiful place on earth , but it feels like home . 79417 i'm a little afraid to criticize god ... intp ! stop trying to find something to complain about with every social exchange you come across ! lying to avoid punishment for a mistake made . on top of that , twisting the truth to make it seem like it was someone else's fault . i was friends with a very emotionally manipulative infj who did ... infp ! stop trying to root for the underdog in this like you always do in life ! just because intjs always win fights doesn't mean you have to defend the enfj ! huh ... i'm an infp 4w5 too . dun dun ... oh , all the time . there are a few that stand out immensely . [ jogging with a group of girls way back in junior high ] girl one : this is my best time so far ! girl two : i feel like training has ... all my friends call them neutral or pee colored because from far away they look the same color as my blonde hair . upon closer examination , they are light olive with small yellow rings . i rather ... two things on the same day 1 1 . a book of mormon t-shirt after watching the wildly offensive but hilarious play ! 2 . a new lunch bag for my entp little sister going into high school that says ... i hate it when people mistake kindness for having no backbone ! i hate it when people believe trust should come before truthfulness instead of truthfulness before trust . i hate it when people ... black tea = i don't really have fond feelings for it . it makes my stomach hurt and gives me headaches ... plus i think it's just plain icky . this is probably because i don't like having to add milk ... 1 . i 2 . wish 3 . i 4 . knew 5 . how :P hi there ! obviously , i'm new , or i wouldn't be waltzing into this part of the neighborhood ! looked like fun ... i like fun ... hopefully good times are in store ! here's a little about myself ! - i ... '