don't be yourself ; anyone who claims that is the way to succeed in superficial social situations is wrong . if you're not interacting with someone to make a friend , and just want to get something out ... fake confidence . my best friend is an entj . we used to get stoned all the time and he'd ramble on about his dumb plans for world conquest and i'd poke holes in everything he came out with then end up teaching him ... drop it like it's hot . oh that was cute . now i feel obligated to add a list . gandalf ( lotr ) solaire of astora ( dark souls ) hans landa ( inglorious basterds ) okabe rintaro ( steins ; gate ) isaac & miriah ( baccano ! must ... contemplating how many people i could kill in a swift sequence with the razor edge of my coffee lid before being restrained rip wormtongue was an intp ? that's brilliant i grew a goatee and it's taking over my face oh god get it off help me i'm not satisfied with personal happiness . if an unwillingness to simply sit in a bubble of self-contained paradise and adopt a zen appreciation for beauty in a dying world is an issue with control , ... well , the lack of alternative is precisely the problem . nothing else so far has worked ; i'm personally of the opinion that we won't find a way to circumvent our natural thirst for conflict unless we ... depends on what i'm playing . if it's a multiplayer game , i usually go for a tank because i can't trust random puggers to keep everyone alive . if i am single-player or am with a group of friends ... absolutely , but the sad fact is that you need to play by the system's rules in order to have a fighting chance of making a change to it . there's no other precedent throughout history - alternative ... i think we all recognise the world needs to change . capitalism is a horrifically flawed machine that will damn us all in its present - and utterly merciless - form of operation . problem is , no-one ... bedtime at the nautical campus . i could be down with this . i can't do much spare write stories , but i'm quite good at that . hi . need a friend . kinda lonely . like video games , history , d & d and funny people . help me out ? : mellow : i have a lot of respect for people with these abilities . you'd do well in the ~ spanish inquisition ~ ! ! ! no but seriously , i want to learn those skills . they're fantastically applicable in modern ... [ 18:32 : 05 ] liam taylor : mfw ms mr bones could be a song about a lover trying to make compromises with her necrophiliac , cannibal partner ? [ 18:32 : 56 ] rae : that's deep [ 18:33 : 05 ] liam taylor : no ... i'm jealous . that guy's lucky . i can't connect with people superficially . it causes problems . today i went to a new barbers and got my usual . the guy was a socialite and kept trying to spring up conversation with me . by the ... floebomb this got a bit of love in the chatroom last night . evo 2013 is on this weekend and it's a livestream of a huge fighting game event . it's really entertaining to watch and the level of skill involved ... i'll join if i get a link . send me one ? it's not someone like you - nobody appreciates a cold shoulder after an emotional outpour . usually it's the infp getting that treatment , so this is a bit of a role reversal . nonetheless - calm down ... u wot m8 seriously , i think you're being real too forward there . urh . lay off on being so ... demanding of his time ? he's really probably not appreciating that if he has a new job . just tell him ... entj . infp . yes , it was . that was not fun . or , well , it was fun until i realised it was mostly superficial . entj for a friendship with conflict designed to help growth and getting shit done . enfp for sheer hilarity value and being weird . intj for how confusing they can be sometimes . it's a challenge to ... hahahaha look funny drunk people let's throw stuff at them sure , that'd be cool . sex for sex's sake rather than love . squid , i think you're definitely looking in the wrong place . you strike me as highly educated and gifted with english language . go into literature or philosophy . whether or not that's your heart's ... i feel that often . can completely relate . edit : just read through it again and i feel the need to contribute further . i agree entirely , in fact , on your philosophy that work is the crux of who we ... you are a ~ ~ wizard ~ ~ . what are your powers and what do you do with them ? ( ~ ~ witches ~ ~ also welcome ) sorry . i'm too dark , edgy and tsundere main character for hugs . e-except from my waifu ~ i mostly agree with the enfp invader ( i , for one , welcome our new inspiring overlords ) on this subject , but i disagree that humans are inherently selfish . i'd put that down to the capitalist society ... have you ever had a ' cry wolf ' moment ? blown something deeply out of proportion so many times that when it happened for real no-one believed you ? rawhide leather vest , a coat of chainmail , swordbelt with a blade forged from damascus steel , a tabard bearing the colours of my knightly house and a bitchin ' iron helmet . demonizing implies that we are making these rapists out to be monsters . we aren't painting them as monsters . they are monsters . i don't care how much regret a man feels afterward - he deserves ... enfp because you seem like a barrel of laughs . 76222 marry me . i do enjoy having attention . i like feeling valuable and meritorious , and for me being the centre of attention is a way of satisfying that need . i'm male and there is no more repulsive thing to me than the thought of someone being sexually used against their will . i know full well that if i had free reign to punish a rapist , i'd do things to ... i was angry , to be honest . most of my idols and the people i respect are nts . my sensitivity has ruined enough friendships with unemotional people that i've become quite sick of it and i wish i was ... this murdered me . hilarious . have had that stuck in my head for about 20 minutes now . gorgeous melody .