' yup , after listening to 10days more , i think he's an esfp too . the interview you posted i definitely see se . he uses lots of word-play , but about more concrete things and moments . from ... he's 20 from chicago and released 2 mixtapes already , i really like him . my gut impression of his type from listening to acidrap is an efp type . i feel a connection to his music / lyrics .. like we ... obviously i know what stereotypes are . but the ones you listed are random and strangely specific so i could not tell if it was a joke or not . that's what i meant . : rolleyes : lolol i hope this is a joke ... cries in front of people ? that ain't me ... develops feelings for inanimate objects ? ok maybe ... what's the point of this thread ? seems like beating a dead horse to me . i don't really get the impression that a lot of n types hate s types or vice versa . it's just a matter of what functions ... dear entj , you guys seem scary . if i had ever met one of you irl i think i would remember . estjs tend to annoy me but something tells me that an entj would just blow my mind . even though you ... word yup , i can relate . i used to think i was an introvert because i can be shy at times and do need some alone time . i really don't even mind being alone for a while . i now know that i'm an extrovert , ... thanks for the reply and for providing some reasons . i've been pretty set on enfp for the past 1.5 years , but like i said , sometimes things will throw me off and make me wonder if i've deluded ... i've studied mbti , socionics , typology theories in general for the past 3 + years . like many enthusiasts , i use my knowledge to better understand myself and others . i moved past the tests and type ... second the room don't know if it's been mentioned , but troll 2 - hysterically bad . also , dark knight rises :P so overrated it makes me mad . what do you relate to more ? ni or te ? what drives you ? ( not just functions , i mean what is your outlook on life built around , what do you view as succeeding in life vs failing . ) it's not just ... - hard to learn from my mistakes , very poor impulse control . - get bored or lose focus / motivation too quickly . - a little too awkward at small talk . - passive aggressive at times . - i love ... i wanna play . mom : isfj dad : infp older sis : enfj me : enfp little bro : estp little sis : enfp funny how my parents are both introverts and all the siblings are extroverts . not to mention ... true that . my estp brother is constantly trolling people . it's one of his ways of having fun with them . he tells me , sometimes it's hard for him to interact with people who take things so ... not sure if it's been said , but music . my younger brother is an estp and he is an incredibly gifted musician . he plays drums and piano , and produces his own music on his computer . he's honestly ... i wanna see if my new avatar is gonna show up . also , the concept of vulcans from star trek pisses me off . it's like , our intellect is superior to yours . we do not let our emotions get in the ... enfp theme song ( will be a different one by tomorrow ) - can you explain what you mean by distant and cold . to you , to many people , to everyone ? also - there are plenty of t types with an interest in people and culture . i have an entp friend and he ... yep , you sound very much like an entj to me . no doubt imo . yeah , to be honest , it seems like you're over analyzing the situation ( i do that too with people i like ) . most of the stuff you said is the type of things i'd say to any friend . it definitely seems ... um , are you sure they are an enfp ? most of us are not distant and cold ... we can be that way sometimes , i guess , at least i can be when i'm stressed out . but i'm normally friendly to most people , ... the dark knight rises was a try-hard , lame , snoozefest ! and the mayan's long count calendar is legit . like some others have said , i use it mostly to understand people and myself . it has really opened my eyes to what can contribute to the fundamental differences in the way that people see / understand ... a bearded female who watches anime . classic intp your avatar , however , is spot on . is that your chill-face ? enxp ? leaning toward entp . ahh , honestly , i had a feeling that you were an isfp , but you mentioned in your other thread that you didn't think so , so i didn't want to bring it up . isfps and enfps can appear pretty similar at ... your avatar is a bit misleading . i think a piece of wood might be a better fit . i just read your post and was gonna reply . i was gonna say enfp could fit , but it isn't very clear to me . what you thinkin ! ? wawawewa . i read through , like , all of the posts on here and on the other topics linked here . it's too bad that intj females are so rare ( but also creates the boldest of hunts ) . i gotta find ... probably esfps ... : rolleyes : glad i could help ! you said se dom , are you leaning towards f or t more ? oh geez . i made a very similar topic in the cognitive functions thread , without realizing that this one already existed . mine focuses on the cognitive functions , but consider this my response to ... i don't know much about enneagram , but once you get past type descriptions it's pretty easy to differentiate between efps . the tests are not a very reliable way to type yourself , at least , they were ... hmm . well , i'd definitely say infx . haha . it's hard to tell if you're using fi / ne or ni / fe though . some things point to fi - that you have strong emotional responses to things but don't always ... love her ? hate her ? i wanna bang her ... : ninja : do you see us yawning ? that's a cue to stop rambling . do i have to spell it out for you ? ... no , i'm not interested in proofreading your short story again ... i make music using reason 4 ( computer program ) sometimes . i have gotten a little more into it lately and worked up a demo tonight . if anyone has any feedback to give me that would be awesome , cause ... yes i feel like i can get tired of people if i'm bored or we're doing something repetitive , and people can get tired of me if i'm leading the charge , constantly goofing off , going on tangents , ... it means that n types are typically more comfortable discussing , focusing on , and drawing conclusions from ideas / concepts that do not necessarily have lots of tangible data or legitimacy . for me , if ... chill the f out for just ten seconds ... no , don't count them out ... stop looking at your watch ! just chill ! i don't fall in love that easily , but i do lust after girls practically anywhere i go . there are certain girls that will stand out to me as attractive and interesting , but i feel more a desire to ... john smith i have a lot of isfp friends . we get along really well for the most part ... i admire a lot of things about them . they are really fun to just relax with in my experience , but when i start rambling ... no , entjs are :d ry : i know an infp who i want to understand but she just plain confuses me . testing my patience and seeming to forget that i also have my own feelings . she has a lot of trouble with communicating ... that is awesome . i have an intp friend and he gets me better than most people . sometimes i feel extra illogical around him , but he loves to bounce ideas off me . i think the two types can provide ... one of those moods - _ - agree with infp ... your last paragraph says it all . '