' meditation , tai chi , etc keep a journal of things you did during the day . when i get really angry i say screw it and go do something else that's fun . i can't remember the last time i was angry really . i remember kicking in a wall once . :p but that more me being upset . and ... you should . it's good for your well-being . :p i've liked every inxj i've met as well . enfp tbh . i don't see any ti . i do see a lot of fi . he's very focused on how he feels about things , he's almost exclusively focused on how he feels about things and seems to have very little fe ... yes . i sometimes forget to eat and drink . i just grab a vitamin supplement if i've ignored food too much and i overcompensate drinking by drinking a lot of water whenever i do drink something . i ... just pure awesomeness :) here is a dream of mine . if you want more just ask . :) it began with an island and more specifically a part of its coastline at the beach . there was a part of the coastline and part of the beach ... 1 . awkwardly . i get nervous . :p i'd like to indicate it with physical affection , but if i'm too nervous i'd just try to play open cards . 2 . make a game out of it . 3 . physically , touch , hugs , ... people smile a lot at me . usually cause i smile first . :p i just did some analyzing and introspection . here is a weakness i found and put into words . my trust was violated . when my trust is violated i don't go applying judgement to the person who ... i hate how quickly and how much i can care about someone . it can hurt so much . i also hate how much i crave essence and meaning in life . it's like it can't be fulfilled the lack of depth , ... most iq tests will be biased to inxx . does this say anything about their intelligence ? feeling intelligent or not is more a result of how much affirmation someone receives . these types are rare ... yeah , i consider myself a feminist . i'm far from masculine . i just don't act like a typical male . it makes it tougher for me to impress girls though . :p but if i ever find one who likes me this ... kindness being considered naive or as a weakness definitely sucks ( understatement ) . this world being cold and distant sucks as well . sj's dominating this world , yip , sucks as well . having a ... true , and it's an epic one . the world can be a disillusion to creative open exploring types , but it depends a lot on your own choices and what you do with opportunities . don't follow the structures of society , build some new ... made total sense . i think our imagination and craving for connections just causes us to get infatuated so much quicker than most types . about the hidden insecurities , i've also observed this in ... every time i go somewhere i want to get to know people on a deep meaningful level . with girls that desire to make a meaningful connection is intimacy for a big part . i want intimacy with them , all ... i'm sx / so . i'm intense :) self esteem is a myth . :p but , i share what you go through . i need a lot of validation and confirmation . however there are ways for you to stop caring much about these things . like some posters ... yes , constantly . also constantly creative ideas . i'm trying to start up a project and now i'm getting them even more ( because i'm closer to being in my element ) . many represent themselves in viable ... 28 creative open ( both as in open-minded and as in easy-going tolerant and accepting ) imaginative curious / interested ( about everything ) intelligent ( brilliant ) intense / deep / overwhelming ... don't believe what you see on tv . :p ask yourself if you one day have a company and someone comes up to you with a suggestion to do a lecture , would you think about sponsoring it . you don't have ... the most important step imo is to take the initiative and get things going . all practical problems will get solved along the way . for a lecture for example you could look into community places where ... i'd also like to know as i also wanted to start an organisation :p what business are you starting btw ? totally :) those connection forming things are what does it for me . a deep emotional intimate connection , meeting each other in deep intellectual or emotional conversations . that feeling of both ... yeah . procrastination can be pff as well :p i really miss intimacy in this world and in other people . i want to connect to everyone in a very intimate ( and intense ) way , but most people aren't ... have you considered starting a project yourself ? from your interests , personality and current needs ( more socializing ) i would suggest looking into a project to get more lectures to your area ... you should specify your location . also try to make a list of what really interests you , your strengths ( if you're down this might be hard to figure out actually ) , what drives you ( this can be ... party to celebrate the freedom and than move on to new opportunities :p i don't know . i've never been fired yet . my current contract will end 30 september and i'm happy about it , i want other ... i bring up dark topics sometimes cause they're intellectually interesting and people often find it weird . i don't get shocked , never , by nothing . i also don't get intimidated and know almost no fear ... my patience gets tested a lot when i'm confronted with inefficiency ( dumb rules and bureaucracy ... ) and inefficient rule-people ( often slow minded / clueless as well ) . also when a machine fails to do ... i was not at all a stereotype . i was weird , so weird i wasn't even in the weird category . at the same time i was also popular . everyone liked me , even bullies liked me and i was frequently asked ... people who are extremely open , super smart / brilliant , emotionally incredibly deep and maybe somewhat conflicted / troubled and oddcases . and also everyone in general , except closeminded people and ... same here . i want to study again , i think i'll take some credit courses starting this fall . i also sort of want to make a tv program , or several , because i have enough ideas . i might start a ... quite a few people think i'm an introvert . the reasons are usually because i can think ( which for some reason really sets a person appart :p ) and focus . oh , i also use uncommon words sometimes . ... it can happen . i'm quite a dedicated person and super loyal . but sometimes something will catch my attention / fascination and time may just start flying and i'll forget about other things , even if ... this describes what i'll find funny very well . i love these elements in humor and jokes . interesting angle on the ne play in this . it's deffenitly accurate for me . sentiments i share as ... i like dark humor , especially if it's witty . to me there are no real limits in how far it can go . cold , dark , evil , bring it on :p i don't enjoy humor that stigmatizes people , lacks complexity ... having gone through the same i can relate to this quite well . i used to be very popular and people really liked me etc , at least when i entertained them . but i never felt like i could connect to ... '