' hey infp's . so , i love you guys . you fascinate me . you keep up with me and challenge me and you maintain a beautiful level of mystery . you love contemplating and exploring just like me but from a ... i find my best solution is to isolate myself . which i know sounds depressing but it's not , i just am better alone beacause i stress too much about things haha . completely agree ! i do this all the time with school . i'll write a paper and explain the things people would never have considered , but go over the important contextual aspects and the other thing i ... very well put ! i totally feel this . ever since discovering myself as an enfp i felt like that i have to know everything inherently or i'm not living up to my full potential . my life is very driven by ... hey , i had a similar situation about a year back ( a little more dramatic , people were kind of mean to me about it ) and i felt lost as crap too haha . i felt like i lost everything i was because i ... hey fellow enfp's ! question for you guys , i have read and heard all this jumbo that we as enfp's are really good at inferring the hidden meaning behind things . as much as i do think this is true ... thank you for your insight ! it is frustrating having worked so hard but you're right its not the end of the world . life is only consistent in its inconsistencies . i am too hard on myself i think haha . thanks for your insight . i never figured that a double major was a bad idea , but it really isnt for everyone . i'm feeling a lot better today , i have a great support system . but thank you for your ... so , i'm a third year student in a double major of biology and humanities . the humanties side of my degree i've always been inclined to , i get pretty much all a's with the occasional b + , i really ... i said something and he told me my energy is overwhelming and he doesn't have a lot of energy lately . but still considers me a friend and is sorry but it kinda seems like bullshit to me ... hi fellow enfp's . i have this issue i feel is common to our kind , i care way too much about what other people think of me . i'm constantly trying to please everyone to make everyone like me which is ... i also wouldn't be opposed to being friends with benefits again because the sex was awesome but i don't know if that is something he'll believe me on it started out as a strict friends with benefits thing for me too , but when feelings changed i told him . what do you meann appeal to logic ? as in explain why i acted how i did . i don't have ... also i forgot to include that when i went to visit him i was hanging with one of his friends he invited over just casually talking to him and we decided to go swimming , and when i went to change i ... so , i have a friend , i think he is an entp and we met and did the whole song and dance and started sleeping together . he was a confident for me and we were really close , he would cook me dinner we ... i also would like to make a point . i agree harshness is a reality of the world but when i was in a bad state ( which did turn out to be as a result of clinical depression and a serious case of bi ... eh sorry for bringing this all up again . the point was to show i just truly feel like myself again and don't care anymore ! reading hurtful remarks don't hurt anymore on here . i just thought some ... for anyone interested in the final story , i asked him if he had the book , and he told me he did and that when he looks at it he thinks of me and it aches and that everything meant more to him than i ... i think i'm in the grip of my inferior si and i've been trying to break free but it's so hard haha thanks . i've been having a crappy day and you cheered me up a bit . i think i know deep down you're right . i just wish it weren't the case . you're pretty cool . and yeah that's pretty much it . i ... i have a question for you . he once told me that he ( while crying ) loved me when he met me , has loved me ever since and will never stop loving me . would my actions have made that statement false you ... haha i didn't expect that . well i texted too much and tried to blackmail him and if i had just walked away he wouldn't have told me to not talk to him again , i can assume . which is the big climax of ... i mean i've got to the point of just feeling like whoever i was and have become because of it is either not who i am or want to be and i'm scared of being that person at this point if i go back ... hmm interesting . i haven't tried to talk to him at all and kinda gave up but that's good to know ! i think he's actually more of an f user sometimes . do you mean that he would have to come back to me ... yeah i'm away 8 months of the year for school and it helps me be happier but i don't know about them . it may be easier in the same city , and i'm still pretty reliant on them . i think moving out will ... my dad is easier than my mom and i think my mother influences him more with the cleaning . in your case i would say ( from my experience with my father ) he admires my independence but only when i use ... i'm an enfp who is very typical enfp . i don't like cleaning or doing boring things at all and i tend to spend a decent amount of time alone in my room for personal reflection . my mom is ( i'm pretty ... okay , i've been having sex with an enfj guy since october . it started out for sure just sex , and i often told him i thought he was a cool guy , good friend and attractive but i wanted nothing more and ... i don't know if you've explored a thread i posted that got out of hand at all , but my two cents following a failed realtionship with and istp is this . i notice a lot of the issues you have with ... nope how do i stop this from continuing lol ? good god stop . stop . just stop . it's done , stop . take the advice that has been given to me here and work on yourself , and walk away from toxic situations . and stop . for the love of god . learn the ... yeah i moved beyond taking anything personally a while ago . now i don't really know what the hell is happening . it's kind of funny now but i think ( unless someone has some sort of advice that they ... i sent her a facebook message apologizing based on the assumption he told the truth in saying he told her . i don't know the girl and she lives on the other end of the country so really that's the ... i think this needs to stop . i hope you do well in life and i'm sorry for hitting a nerve with you . i came for advice and got 50/50 advice and then whatever the hell has been going on haah . but honestly some it has been very useful . i wasn't haha . i told him many times even if he chose her he needs to tell her . my exact text to the boy in question leading to the blackmail [ istp's name ] i get that you're busy but you have either shown up hours late to our plans or not at all , even though you made the ... so are you . the truth i speak of is telling me ( someone who he claimed to be his unofficial girlfriend all of first year his words not mine ) that he got a new girlfriend when the old one was clearly still hung ... implying i'm going to be a vengeful murderer is not okay and you know that . you came here supposedly to help me , and i'm confident you know that doesn't . as well , everyone handles things ... did you ever tell her to not talk to you ? i wasn't sleeping with him i wouldn't let him no matter how hard he tried while he was in a relationship haha . and i dunno because i'm an idiot haha haha once again me to a t . funny how similar we can be hey ? enfjgeek i've been thinking about it and i actually don't think he's an enfj . i don't know if that'll do that much but talking to him will help no matter what i'm sure ! thanks i fully agree . yes some people were harsh and likely to a fault guilty but that is why i came here . kudos . ninjaws , dakitty , jb nobody : seeing as we are all looking to defend my honor which was formally either established or smeared by anyone of you , i'm going to make an effort to defend it myself . ... haha that made me laugh thank you ! i will not deny that a few tears have been shed but it's good to get both sides . many points were valid . i actually made an effort to apologize to the girlfriend ... very true . thanks so much ahh :) it is true but it doesn't excuse my actions . maybe to some extent they were justified but i should have acted like an adult . none the less you are very right it was a learning ... i wouldn't sleep with him actually . i guess i never clarified that . one time when we were drunk i tried and he told me he didn't want our relationship to start this way . he tried a few times but i ... '