' don't intps do this naturally ? : shocked : here the eq test to test you eq level . i read once that entj has the highest eq among all types , i would really like an input from entj about emotional intelligence , since i only get 89 on above ... abolish all celebrity stalking brain-dead hollywood culture and all the superficiality of entertainment industry and make large corporation compete for other things that has nothing to do with ... i also careful enough to not caught , but i probably wont watch humans anyway . : mellow : nice to see some kindred spirit here . i felt the same way as most of you here , having inferior fe and being an introvert puts intp in a very uncomfortable situation when forced to deal with emotions.as ... same here .. : frustrating : personal question to grim , how old are you ? they make more money than intp's . lol .. singaporean , hello neighbour . once i asked my isfj friend , what's his favourite fictional character , and then he asked me the same question and i said ' god . ' . he forcefully laughed and said god is real . lol rp ? i'm in , btw what genre you guys into ? i always had problem with all my mathematics teachers , because of my laziness , until one of them starting to ignore me . : frustrating : sure , i don't anything wrong with using rice pudding to take over the world . i'm an intp , and a rebel .. ray bell , 19 , malaysia . teach it swim , so it won't sink again . : wink : they're soft and sensitive , and probably takes everything personally , and fun to be with . something that won't dies out of starvation , doesn't require too much attention , and something that will fit into a tiny places when i need to store it . ... : mellow : <--- i'll do the same blank expression as these smiley do , or use my ne to come up with some random witty answer . don't intj's build their partners with the needed qualities . i guess i will just go with traditional marriage , or whatever my partner wants . yes , he was killed by over-emotional death god who throws herself into matryrdom . interesting , it sounds fun watching both of you ' playing ' , i like watching . where you look is doesn't matter , but what really matters is how you look at it . thomas jefferson is an intp according to keirsey.com .. from thomas jefferson-the glorious enigma , this two excerpts clearly shows that jefferson is not intj . philippines ? one of the closest country to us . i live in malaysia . i like wikipedia a lot , actually it's my primary source for finding information , google and wkipedia is most used search engine my firefox.it ' s one of the website i use most to find information i ... i'm not very good at using fe function , because everything is being filtered by ti , and being an introvert i have no experience in dealing with other's parade of emotions . probably , it's more of ... i'm an underachiever , only because i'm the laziest guy ever lived on this planet . : frustrating : i am sympathetic , i can understand why they are feeling that way but couldn't relate it to myself . gaaahhh ... entj's :d ry : integrate cos ( 2x ) dx = cos ( x ) sin ( x ) + c sin ( 2x ) dx = -1/2 cos ( 2x ) + c at my home , most of the time , if not , other stereotypical intp ' sanctrum ' . e says things that they think without thinking . i think through before saying anything . i think i've once become hypersensitive to criticism when i'm stressed but i've never showed it outwardly.this is only trait of * immature * esfj i afflitiate with when i'm in stress . cats cannot taste sweetness . starfish don't have brains . spiders are not insects , but are arachnids , same as scorpions . same charge repels , opposite attracts . : wink : i'm not sure if i'm having an withdrawal but i've checked cafe 5 times yesterday .  ...   ... from your mypersonality badge , i've deduced that you lack interpersonal skill just like me , we are on the same boat buddy , : cool : yea , everyone needs some pat on the back to know their efforts are appreciated . : unsure : i just accept that there's something that we cannot certain about , things like ghosts , afterlife etc . i think i'm more prone of this angst when i stressed internally . : frustrating : dr.gregory house ? i think he's an intj , he usually get an ni premonition and he doesn't care about feelings of people . the quote i like from this show , we are here to not treat people , but to ... 40 % uranus well , how about that ? you are from uranus ! uranus is a bit unusual in that it kind of tilts to its side . they think that might be because it was involved in some kind of collision ... hmmm ... i don't know , maybe i do sometimes . spidey-sense ? never had the moment like you guys describe above , but i avoid trouble 95 % of the time . :d ry : naahhh ... my interest are short-lived , so is the cat or intj if ichose to adopt . biggest personality strength ? able to think independently , emotions can harm me , creative etc flaw ? procrastination and hopelessly being lazy ... : crying : so far , i have showed three people i know mbti , they tested as esfp.esfj and isfj , and i'm pretty good in term with them , becuase i'm only on my ne made and spend little time socialising .. esfp .. nuff said . isn't hitler an intj ? with his intellect and strategic planning ? i like wings , it's sign of independence most intp's needs . '