' i like efficiency . so long as it does not go against my personal moral code , i will go out of my way to improve things . i would rather my environment be a product of me than to be a product of my ... i think you've been friend zoned . youtube - conjunction junction the mayo on white bread + attent / self / + attach / - emo / + <3 / broad / secure you scored 68 % attention-desiring , 35 % other-directedness , 57 % attachment-desiring , 28 % emotionality , 54 % romance-seeking , 91 % ... messiness is inefficient . so is religious cleanliness . that being said , i am one of the cleanest / most organized people i know . i am hard to live with because i dislike filth . i'm always the ... maybe because we appreciate the social implications and possible future repercussions . : mellow : i am here to justify our differences , which was not my intention . i'm the opposite . as much as i might care about what someone is saying , i am a fidgety listener . i find myself looking around , ... whatever makes you happy , man . godspeed . : cool : ( translation : it doesn't alter my opinion or sentiments either way , since you said you aren't leaving . so i still get to enjoy your exceptional ... you have to be an athlete to do it . you have to be an artist to do it well . i break that down like this : you have to appreciate the scientific aspect to be competent . you have to be innovative to ... i use analogies all of the time . strangers , coworkers , friends , family . it's the most logical way for me to communicate . if i see a lateral relationship between two ideas , it is only fit for me to ... you hit the nail on the head again . chances are , you won't get into my inner circle . but if you do , you will find a near limitless pool of patience , forgiveness , and understanding . that ... yes yes , i know it is a james bond song . however , i like the lyrics . ( i know , i read playboy for the articles , but seriously . ) when the storm arrives , would you be seen with me , by the merciless ... innovator / experiencer you answered your own doubts . you rather get to know yourself than others . i'm going with introvert . no , now is not cuddle time . welcome aboard though ! seeing as i have not listed my peeves , i doubt you could claim that you find them amusing . i regard the flaunting of being a girl in a thread more like watching a kid picking his nose and eating it . you know what i mean ! : crying : remember , it's the general idea , not the delivery . yeah ... : unsure : what makes you think not ? you come onto the entj board and several of us suggest she displays characteristics more in line with another type , why are you so quick to discount this ? i'd say i'm just intuitive . i can get a general feel for things , read between the lines , and figure out what the point of a course or lecture is . i suppose you could call that more street smart . ... obsessing over a colour ? making something out of nothing ? sounds more like an estj issue . a stressed one mind you . perhaps that'll be the first move in solving the conflict . : happy : not to hate on your thread but ... i hate when people have to point out their gender . so you're an entj female - so what . so you're an infp male - deal with it . to be honest , your peeves sound a ... i know whether i'm going to like someone romantically iin the first 20 minutes of knowing them . go for it . care to elaborate ? um , speak for yourself . i rather have his informed opinion over your incomprehensible rantings any day . back on topic : how do the rest of you feel about the correlation between the disintegration ... this is crossing the line . there were plenty of entj posters who said they believe in religion who i think are fairly intelligent . please , keep your brilliance to yourself - the last thing we need is ... a fellow te ! welcome aboard ! : laughing : maybe you should have made that a bit more clear . don't tell someone they're taking something personally if you didn't make your intent clear . own up . i don't know , i have met some booksmart nts with no common sense . short answer ? no . long answer ? hell no . pfft . i doubt a few of them were even actually entjs . putting your mbti results on your resume doesnt seem like a well thought out idea . have you considered either of the s logical types ? to me these questions seem more like te and si in reality , than say te and ni . i personally ask , what could we be , or what might i like . i think that the examples in the op would be more commonly ... i'm not going to argue you on brain dominance , its practical applications , or its metrics . honestly , it's not an aspect of psychology that i am particularly drawn to or well versed in . : sad : i do ... hm , i usually don't play , but if it's only eyes ... : unsure : sure it does ! think of it like this . introverts are frylock , extroverts are shake . now , who is making an impact on the world with their arrogance ? : wink : this post was meant to offend everyone ... pffft . bring it on . : wink : i think it would either be very awesome for you guys , or disastrous . i don't think it could be a mediocre experience , either way . i've read both opinions on it , in my opinion the whole thing seems sort of silly to me . i think it is all just for fun ... except mb , of course . : cool : i live with an infj , who definitely has a schedule . getting to work in the morning is a very well planned and meticulous activity . may i ask , what is your reasoning behind these schedules , which ... using this spinning lady : clockwise = right counterclockwise = left i initially see what they think ... why would i mess with my friends ? they're my friends . i like being a good friend , thanks . in theory , the dynamic between us and our te and fe cousins should be stimulating . they can provide us structured opinions and interesting debate . however , they could also be as deadset about being ... i rather have conversations based on the truth . even about opinions . share what you truly believe with me . i want that , and i want to share that with people . there's too much to learn in this world ... hah . yeah okay . i believe he was talking to the op anyways . i have read several of your posts . i am starting to think you have mistaken being an entj with being an anime villain . i thought that was a pretty concise post , actually . i had a point and i made it . you can't say your piece and then say the end and make it so . it's just not ... healthy : unsure : jack london the entp ? and here i was getting all stoked for an entj : wink : coffee is what i'm going to need in about 7 hours . i disagree . i think knowledge is an intelligence thing , which cannot be measured by mbti . how you handle / process / the depths to which you pursue that knowledge is where mbti can be applied . te is te is te . the estjs i know are easily considered the most arrogant , and some of the most knowledgeable , people around . i'd be arrogant too if i had an avatar as cute as yours . oh wai ... : wink : i contemplated this myself . '