' , i got over it by relying on the method and the rest recommended - focusing on his bad points . i realised he's very bossy , domineering and controlling . he often walks ... serrintine isn't this a narrow way of seeing things ? your objection to horoscopes is due to the way it is determined ( i . e . time of birth ) and supernatural nature . it is not based on ... i look like a girly girl . i like wearing feminine dresses and pretty jewelry . i am soft spoken and demure . but my mind is that of a man . frivolous talk bore me and petty gossip irritates me . i love ... i'm glad you are open to a discussion , even though we don't share the same point of view . just curious , isn't mbti also theorizations of people that fit them into boxes ? if you ... i've met a few obsessed guys before . i'd like to think it's because i'm supremely beautiful and incredibly irresistable . but this would be a great joke , because i don't think i'm much to look at ... i was ugly all the way till age 17 . i had home cut hair and huge glasses . i was so thin that i was all hard angles and lines . it didn't help that i was a loner who found reading books more ... thanks for sharing waltfeld . my turn . i've highlighted in bold what i feel is a very accurate about me , and infjs in general : serrintine , i'm always happy to engage in a discussion and see different points of view :) for me , i've read a whole lot of horoscope descriptions , both western and chinese ones . as you said , ... for me , horoscopes offer me another perspective of looking at myself . like everyone else , i prefer to see myself in the way i want to . but coming from another perspective , i learn new things about ... i hope your relationship with him is not as challenging as my relationship with my father . we totally don't get each other . it's very hard for him to value me just as it is very hard for me to value ... well , i'm a leo . and all leos are supposed to be extroverted and flamboyant . but i'm not . i'm an introverted infj :) but when i read my chinese horoscope , the picture becomes clearer . i'm born in ... hmmm ... so i'm the only one here with a larger upper lip ? face reading originated from traditional chinese medicine . reading the face was one of the ways phyisicians predicted the onset of ... assuming all infjs value authenticity , is your upper lip larger than your lower lip ? if face reading is true , then : for these people ( with bigger upper lip ) it is important to be authentic ... yes , ix92ve found this to be effective in the past as well . too bad , itx 92s usually quite hard for me to be attracted to someone . and i always pick the weirdest ones , hahax 85 not the conventionally young ... that's a very good idea . i might just do this :) lol , i like this idea ! but if it backfires and he really does it , i am screwed ! : laughing : good suggestions but they might not ... i don't know the state of mr silverfox's marriage and i don't want to know . but it doesn't mean that when a man cheats , he's in an unhappy marriage . some men just do it because they have the ... [ font = tahoma ] , i feel like ix92m repeating passages from jane eyre , who incidentally is an infj . ix92m not sure whether youx 92ve read the book . but the titular character jane is small , poor ... [ font = calibri ] thank you for coming to my defence . ix92ve always had a soft spot for you infps * big hug * :) itx 92s true , we all have an intrinsic worth no matter whether other people ... , , i donx 92t know if i would go as far as saying he wants to have an affair with me , because hex 92s not done anything but look so far . in my books , when ix92m in a relationship with ... bingo btmangan . it's for insights like this that i come to this forum and infjs often hit bulleye's with their perceptiveness . i don't lack for male attention . if i want it , it's not that difficult ... yes , i keep reminding myself that this crush is partly the result of the bad patch i'm undergoing right now . actually , i do have the attention of a good looking younger guy . he's the company ... nurture , ix92m sorry to hear about your bad experience . i know that if i start something with this married guy , i will go down the same path . i have no illusions about it . sometimes , i donx 92t ... very good sound advice . i'm jogging regularly and probably need to do more of it . i am also trying to give myself something to look forward to . unfortunately , the only thing i can find is ... junk ... bumblyjack , you're right , i need to redirect my emotions rather than suppress them . too bad this guy has been faultless in his behaviour to me up till now :( unico , i've tried focusing on his ... [ font = arial ] [ size = 2 ] actually , ix92m beginning to wonder if ix92ve read too much into him looking at me . maybe hex 92s looking at me not because he likes me but because : ( 1 ) the company is 90 % men . there ... unfortunately , my financial circumstances now are so bad that i cannot afford to go out often to socialise . so i'm not meeting anyone new . the other guys in the office flirt with me too . but ... thank you for the post , silvermoon . we can't help our feelings but we don't have to act on them . i'm just afraid my self control isn't strong enough . sigh . especially when i'm feeling so down in ... i know dude , i know * groan * but i see him 5 out of 7 days every week . i'm going through a bad patch now , in both my career and personal life , and have nothing else to look forward to . his ... ok i posted this in the relationship forum and thought i'd post it here as well to get the infj perspective . infjs are highly intense people who develop strong feelings for people they are ... aww ... i don't understand why she doesn't realise she deserves better in this case :( that sounds like the situation my friend was in too . he was not violent with her but verbally abusive and highly controlling . he'd call her names like stupid . stop her from seeing all her friends ... what a great piece of advice , vivid melody . with this , i think i have found the answer to move on . having been through the same experience , i can only say you've been a paragon of patience and ... , i don ’ t know whether i want to forgive him . i ’ m trying to see an alternative to how things could be different . chinese new year has just past and i got another one of those messages from my ... melody my father is one of those people who are too far gone that it ’ s impossible to talk to them . in my interactions with him so far , he has never tried to see things from a perspective other ... thank you all who have shared your painful stories on this thread . i feel you , i ’ ve been there . unico , vivid melody , my issue is also with a parent . specifically , my father . i ’ ve cut off ties ... infjs are known for their infj doorslams . when was the last time you forgave someone who hurt you deeply ? can you share your experiences ? i am trying to find the strength to forgive someone ... nah , i just find it really boring to talk circles around obscure theories . i'm much more interested in people , the relationships they form with one another , the pyschological insights from certain ... when i was a teenager , i tested as an intj in a scholarship programme . in my 30s , my results became infj . i don't know how that happened . but when i popped into the intj forum just now and read ... or admits he's wrong in any way ? but pushes the blame back to you ? no matter how upset the person has made you , or how badly he's treated you , this person just refuses to acknowledge his ... psychology is not so much about classifying people but trying to probe into and understand people more deeply using a set of investigative tools . but i'm with you on not giving myself any excuses for ... jawz , nfs are easily hurt creatures . a lot of us find it unbearable to be disliked by others . perhaps some of the infjs here think you don't like them . personally , i welcome your insights . i'm more ... true , learning is a choice . but also , attitude towards life / others is something many people develop when they're very young and seldom change afterwards . pyschologists often say that people's ... i don't know whether eq can be learnt . this is because i have failed enough times in teaching people how to consider others before they say / do something . maybe eq is a skill people can pick up , but ... you know you're an infj when the intentions of others are very important . better by far that someone has done the wrong thing with good intentions than to do the right thing with bad intentions . in ... yes , this is so me too , haha ... very good explanation of how infjs work . i'm often amazed how people allow themselves to be abused time and again . don't you already know their pattern ? ... i know how you feel . i don't show it but i can be easily hurt by what people say . i always wonder how people can be so insensitive . do they actually think through what they say before they say it ? do ... your observation is spot on . one of my infj friends is like this . she suspected me of wanting to make use of her but didn't come out to say it . she continued to hold this opinion and eventually did ... for me , it's ok to say something stupid or tactless . everyone slips up once in a while and what you say don't always come out the way you want to . i can cut some slack for this . what i can't cut ... something about asking others to praise your own personality type makes me want to gag . humble much ? recently , one of my nt friends hurt me quite badly with something tactless he said . he said i was never going to be successful in the corporate world and i should join him in starting up a business ... '