' i guess it is very limited , because sometimes i will be running and suddenly i will realize exactly where i am in space and feel a connection with the world . memento . was not as good as the prestige , but was worlds more intelligent than inception . well ! the only logical answer to this debate is that the banana is better . using the data from this chart on this website , you will see that banana's have , on average , more essential vitamins and ... i run cross country and track , but that is only because i do not have any skill or the coordination to play any other sports . will you marry me ? i was just thinking about it watching the movie knight and day . i am a deist , with a logical approach to finding out who god really is . i was raised in a devout christian family , but rejected it when i realized the massive holes in christian thought . i was born human , just like you , and i am susceptible to incompetence . i realize that i am not good at everything ( maybe anything . ) this motivates me to master things . maybe you failed at guitar ... tell me when the gucci parts come out . ibm develops ' instantaneous ' memory , 100x faster than flash - - engadget the new age of computers . it is interesting what extroverts think of introverts . my father once asked if i was turning into an introvert , as if it were bad thing . both introverts and extroverts have their benefits and ... for the longest time ( since i was in middle school ) i have known that i was going to be in politics . as i approached my high school years , i realized that i wanted to become a lawyer before i went ... my intp and istp friends find the mbti totally useless and questioned why i was so interested in it . i have kind of gotten my infp sister and esfp brother into it , but they are not enthusiastic ; my ... i am debating over whether it would be a fascist state with the government running institutions and the economy in the most efficient way possible , or total anarchy so that the stupid will eventually ... i love this song . i have listened to emotionalism , i and love and you , and the gleam ii over and over again . this song happens to be my favorite ( although , i was not in tears ) . a lot of their ... i have been called a douche bag , jerk-off , and an asshole multiple times when i was blatantly stating some criticisms to a couple of sfs as i mentioned in the other thread , i am a logical christian . le père goriot and eugénie grandet both by honoré de balzac the prestige . it was amazing ! spans a variety of rock genres .  i just thought about this today . i have feelings for someone ( sort of ) , but i really want them to go away . i thought about the consequences of removing all emotion from myself . i have a short temper , ... i was raised a protestant christian . soon i began synthesizing beliefs from other types of christianity , islam , judaism , buddhism , and so on . so at the moment i am a protestant , however once i grow ... developing a plan to bring africa to the first world is it something that will benefit the human race ? ultimately is it something that's utterly useless and pointless ? i hope not . is it ... i like dark , dreary days and rainy nights . in addition i love anything that is deeply emotional and philosophical . i believe that people whom commit suicide , do so to run away from a problem and escape facing it head on . their is a definite reason why they are an heroes on encyclopedia dramatica . are you ok ? - answered above why don't you try harder in school ? - i'm here to learn , not to get straight a's . why can't you be nicer ? - why should i ? why are you such a loner ? i did this just today , except it was a little bit louder than i wanted . some kid looked at me , probably though i was schizophrenic . i sing really loudly , and i play scenarios in my head over and over to watch the different outcomes ; all while talking to myself ( who am i kidding , i do this when people are around ) . i am constantly thinking of ways to change myself for the better , and to meet my goal . the new year does not change this , in addition , i look down on people who make them , because usually they are ... i talk and mutter to myself , usually to bounce around ideas or plan something coming up . i also talk to myself when playing a pc strategy game and have started to win . i have basically done all of these , but i mostly do the thats illogical variant , superstition variant , and blanking out variant . i'm insanely lazy , view grades as non-important ( knowing the information is the most important ) , i procrastinate even though i plan everything out , and i really do not follow my plans , even though i ... entj , for some reason their bossiness goes against my quest for individuality , plus they are loud . sent from my ipod touch using tapatalk '