' the maltese falcon ... and the usual suspects ... i find that fascinating ... did i disagree with this ? as an intp female i get a lot of respect ... i've been called hard-to-read , unique , mysterious ... both intelligent and beautiful ... i've also been called shy ( i prefer the term ... there there ... no one sits back and runs the show ... i hope to never suggest the male ballroom dancer drags the woman dancer's dead weight around ... once the guy initiates , of course the girl ... i don't pick up on manipulation very easily ... but once i sniff it out , the person is effectively cut out of my life with no regret ... do not confuse leadership with dominance , ownership , manipulation , etc . ... and of course people aren't infallible ... the term leadership that i'm defining and discussing is a question of ... that's just it ... i feel that men are getting lazier ... no offense or argumentation directed at you specifically , but you raise a pertinent point ... if a girl has to ask the guy on a ... internalized emotions become physically stored somewhere in the body ... and everyone is different ... sometimes it manifests itself in muscle tension ( ie around the shoulders , the abdomen , or ... i am an intp female ... and i don't spend most of my time in a library , bookstore , or on the internet ... whoever said to look for us among small groups of friends is onto something ... i ... an infj and i have been best friends for 13 years ... we communicate very well and connect on abstract and holistic theorizing ... she's much more hard-working than i am but i'd say we're ... how about a world of only blonde , caucasian , blue-eyed people ... that's perfection right ? let's do it ... : bored : four rooms was insane ... i've never seen tim roth that perky ... tarantino's ending vignette was exceptionally gratifying ... enfps are hottt ... i just watched that today for the first time ... wasn't sure i'd like it either until it was over ... i appreciate it for the questions it raises about the media ... the alienating effect of ... i definitely relate to this ... i think it goes beyond adaptability and sometimes into admiration ... appreciation is a wonderful thing ... it makes what is excellent in others belong to us as ... i think changing how you communicate based on a person's type teeters you towards the machiavellian ... padding responses according to type could cheapen the dynamic of any society ... less ... inglorious basterds has re-opened the timeless renaissance genre of revenge tragedy ... how exciting ... you don't need to alter yourself to communicate ... be yourself and if you give advice , it will mean more if you do it your way ... don't ask how you should help ... ask if you should ... or maybe best mexican standoff ... i grew up laughing at this film ... it just doesn't get old ... easy does it sister ... my argument is based on the principle of sequels ... not on the twilight movies themselves ... no need to conjure any bile ... i beg your pardon if i've hit a ... can you hear me ... that when it rains and shines ... it's just a state of mind ... can you hear me ... emotions are by-products of desire ... hello everyone ... it's nice to meet you all ... starfighters ... manos : the hands of fate ... righteous kill ... pirates of the caribbean 3 ... spiderman 3 ... and in other news , all you people who saw twilight don't deserve to ... reservoir dogs is my favorite by far ... i don't really like pulp fiction until marty gets shot in the face and the absurdity grounds itself ... i love the theatricality of reservoir dogs ... i'm a little too apathetic for your mouth to be prophetic even though you know my dreams your vagaries are all synthetic when you finally can grasp the laws and sciences hermetic let me know ... your future is on the line ... it is a thin line ... it will snap soon ... most intps aren't nerds by definition ... most of the time we're pretty normal ... it's only when something that we're particularly interested in surfaces that the nerdgasms happen ... and the ... i am an actor ... shakespeare ... dark chocolate ... $ $ $ ... affection ... spiritual direction ... we're a diverse group i see ... the godfather ... the petrified forest ... kiss kiss bang bang ... the scarlet pimpernel ... casablanca ... charlie chaplin's the kid ... theatre ... suit yourself ... oh yeah ... rdj truly delivers ... the thing to embrace is the dynamic of the movie ... it's not an archetypal action movie pace ... it moves at the pace of holmes ' deductions ... so it has ... rejecting the awkwardness of high school can be a fatal step ... i didn't dig it either , but i'm a better and more socially capable individual thanks to an institution i considered fairly akin to ... i heard avatar =p ocohantas ... is this true ? last movie i saw in theaters ... sherlock holmes ... twice ... at home ... aladdin with the roomies ... smiles look fake some of the time because of the misconception that smiles start in the mouth rather than the eyes ... the distinction between a real smile and a fake smile is whether or not the ... '