' enfp i usually start as one of the top students then gradually declines as months pass . it's about being interested in the subjects at hand . if not , then it's because of interesting friends keeping me ... hit - dragon ball ging freecss , killua - hunterxhunter gildarts - fairy tail 5576745576 8255769 0 5576505576 5855766 6 disney has a way of focusing on the feeling aspects of people , be they feelers or thinkers . let's say , we for example , even though we keep our feelings to ourselves , there'd be some kind of a ... margo roth spiegelman : paper towns ( 2015 ) lilo & stitch - stitch is the istp , lilo is enfp . naruto shippuden - 1 . ) kakuzu , 2 . ) asuma sarutobi 3 . ) zabuza bleach - 1 . ) tier harribel , 2 . ) cayote starkk , 3 . ) ikakku madarame , 4 . ) yoruichi ... when you get pissed off by being micromanaged . in a woman : - genuinity - sincerity - just the right amount of tenderness - independent thinking - critical thinking - those who aren't easy to get - eyes , especially the ones with dilated pupils ... i check up on some of these stuff everyday . many of them are true , you just need to care to search for the truth yourself , instead of just relying on what's presented in the mainstream media . you interpreted it oh so nicely ! i hate to admit it . but yes . still , it depends . there's this girl , she's my first love . she's the only person i let in . stalking may mean that i'm concerned about her . it may also mean that if she ... i keep some of my friends in separate circles . it's because they can't stand each other . inner circle 1 : intj , intp 1 . inner circle 2 : enfp ... infp 1 , isfj 1 , infj 1 . this group's now pretty messed up ... be your normal interesting self . peculiar can be interesting , but don't try to be someone you're not . being fake is a no no . if you wanna be fake do it once , she has decided to love you , but still i ... dear enfp , before i liked you , i told you i liked someone ( else ) for the longest time . you have a boyfriend who you have had problems with ( and still have--major ones ) , who you don't wanna let go ... 498370 there's an istp among them . guess wisely ( ? ) :P mbti sucks when trying to forecast intertype relations . if you try to test their theory on romantic relations , it turns out it's not the case . entj ? estj ? enfj ? esfj ? it's all over the place . i'm ... y'all gonna love this gon freecss - hunterxhunter karias blerster & the previous lord - noblesse risa - lovely complex i think a lot of istps are like this , speaking from experience , and because all four of the istps i know are like this . if we only go with the rigid implications of the function definitions that mbti ... shirato temur shin from karate shoukoushi kohinata minoru ( he lost though ) karate shoukoushi kohinata minoru 324 - read karate shoukoushi kohinata minoru 324 online - page 6 ryuji from the ... i'm with petitpèlerin on this , all or nothing . recently i just offered my heart to someone who i thought could handle me ( and i her ) , and unfortunately it seemed like i couldn't trust her as much ... enfjs ? i cringed for killua when the author chose to highlight his vulnerable moments . yeah , we know we want those moments hidden , and others won't get to see em . but it doesn't mean that we're infp when ... infp : ken kaneki ( tokyo ghoul ) infj : professor x ( xmen ) enfp : gon freecss ( hunterxhunter ) enfj : anna ( leap year ) isfp : rey ( star wars : the force awakens ) isfj : dr . john h . watson ( sherlock ... paul from the bible is entj nym from star wars is another example of an estp that inferior fe is just hilarious haha ~ . check it out . my intj friends thought me to be one of them at first . when they got to know me a little more , they realized that i was a definite perceiver . they just have a hard time accepting that i'm not an ... ok . i'd still type her as istp i have my fair share of intj friends . they can't take too much dark humor , much more spout it like an istp usually does . here's another istp from star wars : wrenga ... john reese in person of interest darth maul from star wars stitch from lilo & stitch april ludgate & rob swanson from parks and recreation cayote stark - bleach van hellsing zero and toga ... 456698 infp , isfp , me , intj 456690 this was from earlier . i was standing at a corner minding my own business . my brother then approached me , told me to sit down , and that i was weird , and that i was taking so much attention . i ... me ( with cap ) , entp , infp , xsfx , istj , infj 456682 i first started to experience these kinds of stuff when i was 6 . we istps love to observe even as kids . when unusual stuff happen , my my curiosity draws me to them . and when i actively started ... the latest of the supernatural that i've experienced is was that at our pastor's house . some of my friends and two who are that pastor's kids told me that there are spirits that dwell in that ... here's a more non-fictional istp as an mbti istp and as an socionics sli / istp , i have it by experience that enfp / p's are one of those who get me the most . some of you will beg to differ , but you are ti se , so you should be a ... you go through all the trouble with that j / p switch ... but as you compare the description of sli vs lsi , you'll notice you fit the sli stereotype more ... there's something wrong there , so i ... what makes you say so ? when we go silent , we process a lot of what we just got to know about you . well , i dont know about other istps but this is what i do . it will also involve thinking about several scenarios that we ... i came across a statement that goes like this : in dating , opposites attract . in marriage , opposites attack . in dealing / interacting with different opposite types , i see so much truth to this . after ... frankenstein - death race sean penn in the gunman jock - mortdecai dawson - the best of me robin xntj , leaning on entj aqualad relatively strong fi in relating with individuals or the team . i'd say infj ms . martian esfj , what else ? kidflash esfp . party boy superboy & red arrow istp as an istp , enfjs can be good friends as long as the psychological distance between us remains wide . the moment you put us in close proximity with each other for too long , we burn out each other ... him staring at you from time to time would most probably mean that you've got him curious . yep , he must have noticed you looking at him , so he's just observing you . i'm an istp myself , and it's the ... wazzup noobs ! zero is istp i don't wanna go through the hassle of trying to explain the same thing over because my explanation wasn't understood the first time over . but what can i do ? ( sheesh ! ) please notice ( before you ... and btw , kurapika is an infj and ging is istp if gon is esfp and killua is intj , then that's just a disastrous friendship dynamic . when it comes to relationship / interaction dynamics , mbti is crap . you got to go by socionics . esfp and intj = ... '