' would someone who isn't happy have an avatar like this ? ! i think the stereotypical high school guidance counselor advice is most apt for infps : do what you would do for free . it's incredibly ... i get told this a lot too . i suspect it's partially because my sense of humor is very deadpan , and people don't always realize when i'm joking . the upside : i figure a lot of things out before other people . don't let the sensates fool you , they miss things all the time . the downside : people think you're from another planet , crazy , or just ... ahem ... did you read my post ? i ask this as a fellow enfp with a horrible propensity for skimming things . :-) i absolutely agree that hitler wasn't an ntj . i just don't agree with your reasons ... you're probably right . the saying greed is good sounds a lot like naive , inferior introverted feeling . in fact , i don't know that i agree with most of the examples i made in my previous post ... there's a perennial debate that i have with my isfp boyfriend . i'm always excited every time i see a show about black holes . i find the concept so fascinating . my boyfriend's response ? we don't ... absolutely not . estps are made out of guns , steel , and can-do attitudes . their dominant function is extraverted mister t with auxiliary introverted chuck norris . estps are genetically incapable of ... i love technology . i'm a programmer after all . this is inferior si rearing its ugly head . when i'm alone , my inferior si starts complaining to me about all the details in my life i'm missing , about how little attention i pay to things , and ... one thing i'm really beginning to notice is that i have much better work / life balance than most of my coworkers . in particular , ti / fe types seem to have horrid work / life balance . sometimes i sense ... when it comes to routine , it sometimes seems like my brain is like a house with bad electricity where turning one light on means another one somewhere else goes off . this would be ok , but it ... an enfp would use fi in a more parental manner as opposed to it popping up every once in a while to cause trouble . ahem ... the purpose of this type thing is for you to learn about yourself . ... it definitely sounds like you're using fi , but not like an enfp would . plus , the way you describe using fe is almost a textbook description of how the tertiary function tends to work . perhaps i ... i think a lot of people don't understand that ni isn't really terribly different from ne except that ni tends to be bottled up inside . my boss is an intj , and although he tries to keep the rest of ... i would say that the best way to answer this is to ask the following question : do you have a tendency to wear your heart on your sleeve ( fe ) or do you dislike sharing your emotions with other ... i talked my entp friend into taking a picture of dogshit with his iphone . to be fair , i didn't think he'd actually do it . my istp coworker is constantly annoyed by me . it's kind of a bizarre love / hate thing . we get along , but it just seems that i upset his sense of order in the universe . conversely , i always feel as ... heh ... i'm most definitely not the life of the party . in fact , i know a lot of introverts who are far more gregarious than me . it's worth repeating : introversion doesn't imply that a person has ... that's a tough one . i mean it's not like you can just get new parents . i wish i had something else to say that could help you . i mean , i'm 28 years old and i still have issues with authority . i ... if there is one thing that really makes my blood boil , it's someone who goes out of their way to treat others like shit . the first thing you have to focus on is being able to see through what he's ... i'm a programmer . it challenges my thinking ability and gives me a chance to challenge my coworkers ' feeling ability ( what do you mean your way is the most fun ? ! you need to be more pragmatic ! ) you could be saying this because you're better at math than i am an this is old hat to you , but just in case you're not , it's worth pointing out that this isn't necessarily trivial mathematically . ... did you know that it's been mathematically proven that an infinite number of monkeys would eventually type hamlet given an infinite amount of time ? infinite monkey theorem - wikipedia , the free ... have you tried talking to him about it ? just say usually you're really excited about any ideas i have , but lately you seem to be a bit down . is something wrong ? it's incredibly difficult to ... this one is a pet peeve of mine . it's called sarcasm . like how i say nice catch ! when someone drops the ball or i could give a damn when i don't . i used to be a dog person . but then my boyfriend talked me into getting a cat . now i'm the one who loves my sweet , furry feline friends to death while my boyfriend complains about me coddling them ... i frequently find myself lying to get out of going to work even if i have a perfectly valid reason for not showing up ( like a doctor's appointment or such ) . fortunately , i have an employer who's ... if i had to guess , i'd say some combination of trickster introverted thinking and demonic extraverted sensation . trickster ti is that voice inside your head that says you're too smart for these ... there's one rule of thumb that may cause problems for introverts : when dealing with an extravert , persistence is polite . i don't mean that you need to be a stalker or anything . i just mean that ... you know , i love typology . it gives me a great understanding of who i am , and who others are . however , if your type is serving as something to say this is who you have to be . don't you wish you ... john barrowman gareth david-lloyd my boyfriend is an entp . i think this is a good fit because we're enough alike that we have a common understanding , but different enough that it isn't like dating myself . i would like to hear these wacky philosophical theories about cats . i'm not a playa i just crush a lot . i wish other types would do this too sometimes . especially sj types . i am amazed at how good they can be at finding the most verbose way to say the simplest things . introversion is not shyness . in fact , i would even argue that shyness is largely an extraverted thing . shyness implies that a person wants social interaction , but is afraid of it ( and yes , this can ... as much as i like the idea of wreaking havoc with unsuspecting types , i'm for real that i feel i'm an enfp . i mentioned a few of the reasons here : ... i heard a saying once : thinkers get their feelings hurt . but some of us are feelers and we get our thinkings hurt . for me , it's always some form of so and so doesn't like my plan / logic ... how dare you ask such a thing ? ! i'm just sensitive ! maybe if you took the time to get to know me better you'd know that i'm not emotional ! * runs away crying * i think you've pretty much hit the nail on the head . here's my type put into my own words : so , after years of typing myself as an intp , i've decided that i'm actually an enfp , and i went to see a pretty well-known jungian analyst in my area who is pretty well-versed in john beebe's version ... i agree completely . feeling is probably the most misunderstood function . the thing is that logic of people isn't a terrible way to think of feeling . at any rate , it's pretty much settled . i'm ... absolutely not . p types are nothing but sunshine , bunnies , and unicorns . i'm seriously beginning to doubt my personality type . i'm not sure what exactly happened , but something just seems to have struck me recently . i think something has been bubbling up in my ... marie louise von franz quotes rilke's i love you , but it is none of your business as being exemplary of the extj . that is , they bottle their inferior fi up inside . for ixtps she says that the ... so , the ceo of my company is an enfp . it's a small startup , so we all work in the same room . my desk just so happens to be right by his . occasionally , i'll notice him watching me work out of the ... i was going to reply to this thread but ... what were we talking about again ? i think the problem is that intuition in general is the most difficult to explain . jung himself even struggled with it . let me take another stab at it . i'm stealing lenore thomson's description ... you might be surprised , actually . i find that i'm actually pretty good at math , but i'm not very good at understanding our school system's very te-oriented way of teaching it . i'm still learning to sell myself , so i don't know that i can be a ton of help . : wink : that said , there are a few things i've learned : 1 . people need to know how you will be useful to them . ... '