' bahdum tsss i'm not really sure . i was never into it either before i lived with someone who watched it religiously . once you get into the rhythm of it though , weekdays feel off without it . sgt ... - frasier - the critic - buffy - sgt . frog - anything from that god-beast , bryan fuller . - does jeopardy count ? jeopardy . i came here to make sure someone mentioned this . for anyone interested ( dumplings ): i can't stand it . i log on once every 2-4 months for about 10 minutes . i don't think i've replied to message in over a year . but i know if i deactivate it , i'll completely disconnect myself , ... i actually got a sneak look at my psychiatrist's report last time . - adhd - ocd - sleeping disorder ( dspd ) * edit : i've been unofficially diagnosed ( heavily suggested , but not on checklist ) as a ... i'm not sure why i'm so surprised with the overwhelming no response . i may have posted the reason behind my preference for cats here before . but seriously ( ! ) , dogs domesticated themselves and we just used them for an emergency food source . cats were specifically bred ... hahah . truth . although , i live more in the gullah / geechee parts . in-fucking-ception . like anybody ever watches what anybody else posts xd are you kidding me ? talk to me about the feels on an acquaintance level and i'll bathroom break right the hell outta there . i'd so much rather get to know someone on an intellectual level before ... why not wow ? got something against it , eh m8 ? it's like this thread was made to brighten my day !  haaai guuuys ;D happy whatever . usually if i'm not sexually interested , i'm simply not going to be interested in the ' woo ' . actually , it's probably going to annoy me . i can't speak for all of the intj ladies here , but the only ... the grammar nazi thing comes up a lot . i have a very multicultural family and i live in an area that has a .. strange ( to put it politely ) dialect * cough * thesouth * cough * . english wasn't my first ... jeremy brett's sherlock too . dogs domesticated themselves . they stuck around humans for the occasional scrap of food . we kept them around as an emergency food source . cats were specifically created to be companions . it's an ... my infj friend is probably more evil than any intj on this thread . more evil because you'd never suspect that this girl who works with special needs kids comes over to my house on the weekends to ... welcome , downvote turtle . i xd'd hard . welcome . ay , only ten .. ( in no particular order ) 1 . resident evil 2 . silent hill 3 . dead rising 4 . tekken 5 . street fighter 6 . gears of war 7 . ratchet & clank on a different note , weekly goods : on june 28 , 2009 stephen hawking threw a party for time-travelers . he announced the party the day after it happened , and according to hawking , no one came . ... ' tas eat a condom filled with dog food , sour cream and onion dip , and mustard . i did it . in exchange , my friend had to go streakng down the main street in town in the middle of the afternoon . i had a ... i buy a bottle of unisom , turn my phone off , construct a pillow fort , and hide there for about a week . ' tis been a very long time , perc . hm . - people are not equal , they are also not equal in value . society benefits more from the works of jeremy bentham .. than the works of paris hilton . if one had to never exist , of course i'd value ... books are a given , i suppose . clocks , watches . my house is audibly irritating to people . i've been entertaining the thought of restarting my childhood love for insect collecting . with the ... the flat earth society . they have a webpage and forum . calculating how much time i have until the hot water runs out . have to make a plan and rate the importance of each process to know which ones i can spare if ( when ) the water becomes ice-missiles ... i can only speak from my own mannerisms and what i've seen of other intjs . - as already stated in almost every other reply , it's unlikely that you will find a female intj at a bar . but if you were ... the internet is not as anonymous as i'd like it to be . i wonder if i could legally have no name . omgz this shiz is dumb , i'm gonna go get wasted .. intjs do tend to prefer a direct approach to situations , even in relationships . because it is a long distance relationship , it may be the forms of communication being used considering the context of ... i had the craziest dream last night .. kill me now . 1 . your greatest frustration while communicating over the interwebs is that there is not effective emoticon for raising your eyebrow . 2 . as you walk into class , you realize that your regular seat ... oh , i was talking about this last night . any considerably larger city in the desert . southwest united states , i suppose . the desert is great . perfect weather , environment . i do enjoy native american ... orly ? i read that in a book on body language . but i'll go look it up to make sure . a one sided smile is generally the result of practice . it's trained ; not natural . it could imply contempt when shown for a very short duration of time . and as you said , in combination with other ... i can't completely file someone under a certain mbti personality . there's too much room for error , so these are just guesses . they only apply to individuals , not every individual described by the ... i'm a little too stereotypical for my own liking . going off school subjects . hand me anything that will hurt my brain in a good way . deeply enjoy : the awesome criminal justice courses ... yeah , just stating the first part because i have to constantly remind myself not to begin sentences with i believe . terrible habit . oh , another really effective one if you can stand doing it ... god no . i have delayed sleep phase syndrome . an average night takes about 4 hours to fall asleep , if i end up sleeping at all . i often lay in bed with my eyes closed from midnight to sunrise , then ... boochaka think stat disprove resulting concept winged unicorn literally i don't necessarily believe that the majority of a conversation relies on words , but the pitch of your voice and body language . i think it's estimated that your words only account for 20 % of a ... i mumble constantly when i'm alone . i'm mumbling this as i'm typing . i don't while reading though , that annoys me to no end . i rationalize it by owning a cat . she often meows back , which makes me ... meh , i go on sporadic cleaning rampages often enough , but i usually keep my living area clean anyway . dishes are what gets me every time . i have a problem . i hate dish soap , hot water , and how ... same problem . it helps me considerably to figure out what's going on , but is also very obnoxious . especially the growling stomach during tests . - stress / anxiety = bruising , rash , stomach growling , ... i'll get around to answering this question later . '