' i don't mind people being smarter than me but i do mind if someone who's not all that intelligent thinks they're a genius . i have a habit of saying inane things with a straight face but people that know me understand i'm just joking when i do that . sometimes people can't tell when i'm joking because i'm very deadpan ... i live in the future . i'm actually having one of my robot assistants type this for me because i'm exhausted from drag racing in my floating muscle car . my droogs are always laughing at me because ... what movie ? ? i don't think i can handle that much mysteriousness . plus you said it's great , so i might be missing out by not watching it . i believe authority should only be given to those who are both benevolent and wise . without those two characteristics , i don't think a person is worthy of authority . if an unworthy person wields ... i'd give a shit ! i would love to hear your story . i'm curious what it would be like to an intp in the military . i'm really happy to see that the intps that voted were unanimously not conservative . i think ayn rand is more sophisticated than glenn beck but i don't take her seriously . i'm not into either of them . i hold strong like iced water the belief that the majority of human is good but only if given cookie which must taken from cookie monster on road that is crossed by chicken tryin to get some ... welcome to the forum :) you seem very charming and i look forward to seeing you around the forum . my guess is that any time you start learning about a complicated field that people who aren't into that field don't tend to know about then you might end up being frustrated with other people's ... i don't think you quite understand me . not because you are simple-minded but simply because what i'm saying is very unusual in most circles . however , my position is actually something that has some ... i am astonished at your lack of understanding and i am baffled that someone has thanked your post . i feel as though i am a small , frail person staring into a great , terrifying abyss of inane ... so let's follow your reasoning to its logical conclusion . if humans did not have emotion , they would not reason . therefore , if humans did not have emotion , they would not reason and come to the ... logic is basically the study of reasoning . we can think about logic , just like we can think about math . but even if there were no humans to think about the number seven , the number seven would ... no . if by idea you mean something like matt is taller than greg , that's not the same thing as an emotion . you don't have to be greg to understand matt is taller than greg . but only greg can ... elliott smith and st . vincent ? ! your list makes me smile . emotions are subjective . i don't know if this is true but i heard somewhere that pigs can have 30 minute orgasms . it cannot be objectively understood what a 30 minute orgasm feels like . you'd have to ... this whole section is wasted because it is attacking a straw man . calling porn misogynistic is not the same as calling everyone who watches it misogynistic . if i criticize snoop dogg's music for ... i don't have a deep philosophic conviction that all wars are wrong , i just don't care about the wars the united states fights . i'm not getting shot for a bullshit war like iraq or vietnam . i have a mixed reaction to pornography . it sometimes can make me aroused but it also makes me disgusted . not only disgusted with the pornography itself but also with myself for enjoying it . do porn ... i have a crush on a girl that's not my girlfriend and i've gotten so much better than i used to be at faking confidence ... and yet i'm still so terrified of this girl i like . and i think she might ... my biological dad is into glenn beck and rush limbaugh and i remember a dumb kid at my high school who carried a glenn beck book to class . i can comprehend that there are people who take glenn beck ... ehh . i've been feeling unhinged and i honestly scare myself lately . there's this brainless conservative commentator who's associated with the tea party named dana loesch . i confess to thinking she's hot . picture : ... do you not realize that being smarter than someone doesn't make you better than them ? do you not realize that for intellectual people like intjs that thinking intelligence is what determines a ... so how intelligent a person is determines how much wealth they deserve to have ? so a cruel , immoral person with a relatively high amount of intelligence is more deserving than someone who , like ... i hope this post isn't blunt in a way that comes across as creepy or as though i'm trying to hit on you . but while i'm not desperate when it comes to having romantic relationships at all , i am ... i really want to write a post here but i don't know how :( i've been trying like ten minutes to figure it out and i'm clueless . i'm trapped in my intp world . there's a whole lot of widespread problems with the world . what's scary to me is the possibility that even if we identify such a problem ( say , the aids epidemic in africa or the issue of gay teens ... i watched i , robot earlier today . a shitty movie that's made by people who are honestly trying to make a great movie is one thing ... but i , robot was a crappy movie made by people who didn't care if ... i think i'm going through something similar to what you're going through . i had an identity and then i compromised it for the sake of social success and now i'm realizing that being liked by a bunch ... it's good to know this is normal . i talk to myself a lot when i'm alone , often with mirrors . i'm not sure if i do it out of a desire to articulate my thoughts or loneliness or a combination of both ... i think a big issue for intp guys is learning to do things like ask a girl ( or guy ) their number or talk to them without feeling too awkward . but then the other issue is dating someone who actually ... thanks for the balloon , ace face :) . hopefully i'll remember not to let go of it when i'm outside . i'm curious if i'm acidic , base or neutral but i haven't heard about what those are yet . thanks ... hi , everyone . my username is placeholder but y'all can call me ph if y'all like . i'm an 18 - year-old minority college student who feels too old to quite be a teenager but too young to be an adult ... '