' x'ddd yr thread sucks . you cannot rely on tests or descriptions alone . tests are imperfect . descriptions have many overlapping traits . in order to figure out your type it is best to learn about the cognitive functions . ... living among trees is great ... but then you can't stare at all the people . big city with various people and parks is best of both worlds . don't starve fe . this is hard for me to fathom this coming from ti processing . ti seeks truth . ti won't even accept supposed established facts without percolating it through itself . ti often 2nd guesses itself and ... ni seems to think there is always more to perceive , ti seems to think there is always more to analyze . ni ti obsesses and analyzes things to death . ni ti will not be happy rationalizing things to fit ... nothing wrong with being selectively social . fe aux and fe dom can even be selectively social . even i have to force small talk sometimes , and i'm fe aux . learning social skills does not make you ... it seems to me that she is more j-dom than p-dom . we want to convince people that their method is fudged or that their goals should be changed ... sounds like fe > ni ( urge to control > urge to ... bounce a strawberry off their head and make a date to play chocolate chess in an epic park at night by candle light ... and totally slaughter their dark knight and bite off its head . :) i'd say , but then i'd be sayin , js . i believe maleficent as played by angelina jolie is an infj . in her early years her fe was very present , perhaps making her seem extroverted to those she interacted with when she did come out to ... intp or entp ... i want to experience strong ne and keep my ti :D timeless , wanna switch for a day ? : 3 :D :D :D i'd say , but then i'd be sayin , js ... this is incorrect . ni seems to think there is always more to perceive , ti seems to think there is always more to analyze . the infj can be very logical , obsessively digging deeper and deeper & ... l ❤ ️ l totally counts . - sprinkles believe l counts dust on you - :D 397658 not a man , but ... inferior se spaz attack > . < wrong thread D: l lawliet ❤ ️ l is a celebrity - nods head - l counts ! don't knock my crush ! D:< lol 397650 i'm not an infp , but ... many things can cause a person to be late , try not to sweat it too much . if they ever do show up , have patience and let them explain . if they have a legit reason for being ... passive aggressiveness may be more of an fi thing than an fe thing . not that those with a fe preference never do it , but i've found it more common among those with an fi preference . fe may be more ... hello , i am not sure if you are still debating on what to do with this decision , and i can't really say who is better for you , but there are some things i'd like to mention that i hope ... i'm batman . np , i am glad to be of help . i have been unhealthy myself for quite sometime ... feels good to finally be coming out of it . personal growth may not always be easy , but it is worth it . :) and yes , i am ... 1st of all , i'm not god , lol :P 2nd , you're welcome . :) i don't particularly think it's trying to purposely balance by alternating between ni-fe & ni-ti . i think the key is paying more ... hello , everyone . i have been in an unhealthy state for quite some time and finally feel like i am beginning to pull out of it . i thought it may be a good idea to start a thread particularly for ... no , i was not implying that we are not equipped for judging ... i said we are not equipped to behave as though fe was our dominant function . you seem to be pushing fe fe fe & knocking down ti . i ... i am sorry , but i have to disagree on some of your points . please bear in mind this is coming from an infj type 9 point of view . i have found too much fe can get me into a lot of trouble . i sometimes ... - inspects , measures , & questions your pness - hmmm ... i see a lot more closed mindedness than i expect from ne-dom . my robes and sandals have way more variety than that . not quite sure your pness ... a lot of nfs feel they can identify with empath traits . i recommend studying the cognitive functions . infj's preferences are ni fe ti se . if you just take the infj description and run with it without ... if these things are really important to you , perhaps try to make small changes to incorporate each thing into your life . perhaps walk to the library weekly for a cookbook and decide to make one new ... bahahaha <3 i totally missed that , btw xd me lubbs your se : 3 hi . have you ever considered that it may be ti is leading your ne rather than si ? your commitment phobia sounds like part of the intp ti-fe tug-o-war . just a few articles and a video you might want ... perc ... the place to go to find out you are not alone ... you can find your fellow standers / squaters / sitters and be at peace . it's over 9000 . it's not that i didn't forgive them , but i do not feel the relationship is good for me and have moved on . being toxic for me . trying to manipulate me to get me to do what they want me to do for their own selfish benefit though it could destroy me . sounds more infp-ish to me . not that infjs never do this , but infps may do it more . fi - how do i feel ... fi with ne generating possibilities - how would i feel if i was ... thank you so much , those of you that have responded <3 what if the person is not against trying new things , actually wants to do new things , seems to thirst for it but is hesitant when ... hello isfjs :) i have some questions for you ... though intps are ji-dom , i have read that they can be indecisive due to ti continually analyzing and ne generating possibilities which can make them ... hello intps :) i have some questions for you ... though intps are ji-dom , i have read that they can be indecisive due to ti continually analyzing and ne generating possibilities which can make them ...  if ni's processing was as simple as reviewing the past to predict the future then ni doms would not be so at a loss as to how they came up with the correct answer when seeming to have a sudden aha ! ... i am sorry to offend you and do not mean to come off as trying to pick a fight with you . i was simply pointing out how your description of ni sounds like si-ne . i know you said you were not ... you have nothing whereof to accuse me of being wrong . i was simply stating my own perception , the way i see things . the description of si vs ni was an excerpt from a book , not my personal ... that is not ni . i take things in as new , i do not like to make predictions based off of the past , there is always some new element that can change the situation . even if something similar were to ...  not an intp . not an infj . '