' oh yes , i meant to say as well , i don't believe that depression is incompatible with sociopathy as some people seem to be claiming . i think it's perfectly plausible for them to be coexisting issues , ... misophonia : yes but pretty much just for public alert sirens . the kind they used to warn of air raids in ww2 , you know the ones that sound an interval of a minor third and sweep up and down in pitch ... smartest :P my mother was watching tv earlier , and i was attempting to explain how i just don't get the concept of entertainment as a tv genre . i understand comedy , information , drama , action et cetera , but ... work is bullshit . i share your pain a lot at the moment ... well , as much as i'm emotionally able to feel empathy anyway . at least you tried it and hated it though , it's much worse to feel secure in ... research into sports and athleticism has revealed an enormously wide range of biological responses to exercise , with some people being so-called super-responders , others being polemically almost ... can't be arsed reading the whole thread . i'm assuming someone has already covered because they evolved to hunt ( among other creatures ) small mammals which typically dwell in dark confined spaces ... i really struggle to come to terms with the concept of sharing my life or making compromises . i also struggle with the notion of actually having a real person with their own thoughts , feelings and ... ok , so the thread title is deliberately a little misleading ... sorry ... what i mean to ask is specifically : are intp's incapable of being really secure and sure of themselves and content with who ... i'm not sure i dream at all most of the time . i'm sure my brainwave activity would indicate otherwise if it were measured , but i generally have 0 % dream recall in the morning . if i ever do remember ... i love nature and scenery and trees and clouds . they are the most beautiful things to me - doubly so because they're all made of logic , mathematics , systems , they can be understood scientifically , ... for me , intp hell is knowing about the existence of obtainable knowledge , but being prevented from obtaining it . like when your friend or partner gets angry or upset but refuses to say why . or ... i don't get relationships . how do i have one ? i mean i know the basic idea , i've even had some failed ones in the past , but it just occurred to me the other day that i have absolutely no idea how to ... we need to talk closely followed by : because i said so could you just ... make sure that ... yes but when ? funny , people tell me i'd be an owl if i were an animal . i'm ok with that , owls are pretty awesome i enjoy similar things , particularly occult symbols , rituals , figures and knowledge . christian gnosticism has been fascinating me recently , and people like crowley , dee , osman-spare , levi are always ... happens to me all the time . in fact , i find it pretty hard to have any romantic feelings for anyone unless i know them pretty well first . unfortunately , by the time i feel i know someone , they've ... yea i zone out easily when i'm somewhere familiar . i work on the reception in a band practice / recording studio and i zone out at work all the time . thankfully it's not detrimental to my work because ... yes ! this pisses me off too . apparently my thinking face looks angry and grumpy and serious . doesn't matter what i'm thinking about , if it's anything remotely in-depth , then i look like i'm scowling . hfps the humanitarian . i spend most of my life dispairing , expecting too much and generally being disappointed by humanity , rather than enthusing about it - although i guess they could be ... just to update , i'm kinda over all this now . i don't understand my past self at all , reading back over my first few posts in this thread i don't really understand where i was coming from . this is the ... everyone likes music right ? well yeah ... but some of us are properly involved in it , surrounded and immersed in it . i am one such person , but there is little that is uncommon about that ( i suspect ... crush , fool , leave hell yea ! crush fools , then leave . i dance . i'm a lot better at dancing to certain kinds of music than others though . people have sometimes commented that i dance as if i'm at a rave regardless of the setting . the more i like the ... my avatar is an owl . i like owls . the background is trippy . i like to trip . largely incomparable to my own experience . for me it went something like this : about 6 years ago : felt like best things had come to pass . apathy . greater awareness of time and circumstances . ... i'm so confused . he communicates interest , and has continued to do so - so ... like ... what's the problem ? what more do you want from him ? go and have vigorous passionate sex with him right now ... - what is justice , anyway ? one of humankind's many attempts to make sense of the chaos of existence . it is a moral concept based on a sense of entitlement to retribution and / or protection following ... you sure about that ? because you go on to make generalizations about whites like this : and this : something to think about perhaps : wink : winter just makes me depressed and lethargic . indoors is all dry and stuffy , outside is freezing and wet . i'll take more or less anything , but i like to know a bit about it beforehand . i keep hoping if i try enough substances i'll find one that helps me stop hating myself . yes i'd risk my life for someone i love . i'd probably risk my life for someone i don't even know under the right circumstances - or at least , i would want to . however , i think a lot of the time ... i think you've misunderstood again ( probably deliberately this time ) . by constantly and consistently i meant constantly and consistently becoming deluded , not constantly and consistently believing ... i had a confrontation with a fellow driver on my way home the other day . i was driving behind him , the reccomended distance between cars on that road is about 1 car-length , whenever i got within 2 ... technology is the best thing to smash by far , it's so satisfying , particularly if it's the cause of your rage . all my laptops have got keys missing and re-soldered connections from where i've just ... i didn't say you were delusional . i said the idea of people being powerless and the idea of people being less free without guns were delusions . the difference is subtle , but vitally important ... no , making guns illegal is not the same as treating everyone like felons . for a start , not everybody owns a gun , and not everybody who does own a gun is going to cause trouble when asked to hand it ... well you'd have to have an amnesty , offer people the chance to surrender thier weapons , perhaps offer some kind of tax incentive or something . it could be worth looking up how it was approached here ... i think most introverts suffer this kind of feeling at some point , our world is inside our heads , and the extent to which we can communicate to others the true nature of our thoughts and ideas is ... personally , i think the government secretly created conspiracy theorists to keep us all scared and easily controllable music composed for it's own sake . as an expression , a commuication . something which attempts to break boundaries and push the envelope or something which stays firmly inside the envelope but is ... look up doro and angela gossow . perhaps not exactly the same , but then it would be ridiculoous to expect to find exact female clones of dickinson or taylor , just as it would be ridiculus to expect ... alice in chains - am i inside not going to bother linking to a video or anything , if you care , you'll find it for yourself : laughing : i guess it depends on your definition of independance . inevitably , other people are going to share certain interests , opinions and positions ( whether they be social , financial , philosophical or ... some people said something about how there would still be murders if guns were outlawed , i'm not going to bother looking back through the thread to quote it , but it should be obvious to even the most ... not wanting to be a dick or anythingb , but massive attack is lead by robert del naja or whatever his name is or 3d as he calls himself some of the time . female vocalists for massive attack have all ... i get frustrated more than i get truly angry . frustration is bad though - especially frustration with myself . i literally have to break something when i get frustrated . i can't feel normal until ... i've been doing jury duty for the last few weeks . i spent valentines day hearing a rape trial . i also thought about my ex girlfriend , i texted her , she texted back , very little was said . i ... woah , this poll is pretty conclusive so far ( 18 votes in total at the time of posting ) is this just to do with genre bias ? or what ? why don't more women sing interesting music ? or is that just my ... i can't do small-talk , and i can't do flirting . those stress me out the most . i don't like any kind of in-between-awkwardness . i do full-on deep conversation , i do arguing , i do objective debate , i ... '