the penultimate pair was your outlier question i assume ; who cares about the social dynamic of poirot when he's on a case ? an interesting read ... let's be cool and knight it ' lunoxomy ' : cool : the intp is too diverse a personality type with extraordinary ability and potential to be boiled down to a mere singular ... that is probably how that would go , alas , i digress . without a doubt working with people is a nono . personally i'd rather be a writer . at a festival ? haha , i got dao when it came out nearly 2 years ago : i was absent from college for a month xd . complete isolation for me is practically impossible these days ; i live in a house with 6 other guys and ... i'll let you know when i find out . i'm very conscious of manners , so i feel that when i see people i know who like to talk a lot , i just suffer the pleasentries ... these moments are an everyday ... ' glory of the empire ' , circus maximus someone who gets near 80 % on average at uni ain't struggling mate . 70 % is a first lol . i'm a bit like you though , while my achilles heel is only mathematics i always felt i struggled in school too , ... don't think so , i read what you wrote three times :) . wrong , ' being human ' ( how does one ' be ' human ? it's not like we have measures to assess how one human is more or less human than another lol ) is in no way dependent on our interaction with the world ... ' awakenings ' , symphony x ' save us ' , dream evil sure you can : by ignoring it . ' the space for this ' , cynic well no , there's only one prequel star trek ; if there were three or four it would be a different story however lol . ' think not forever ' , lost horizon star trek awful . i don't believe in misogony , though i can see why my post would suggest that be the case . on a more humble not , i am very early in my psychological studies so perhaps this is all i am seeing ... with a ... listening to music and being outraged by the con that is contractual mobile phones . ' eclipse ( vita nova ) ' , hollenthon i recently changed my degree from english language and linguistics to psychology . one month strong , all i can say is i have made a grave mistake . initially i saw psychology as this ' new ' and ... a spliff ... ' nectar ' , opeth wodashin or just study ... i hate this notion that not studying and doing well makes one ' more ' intelligent than one who does study and does equally as well . if you can't handle the new ... ' pure ' , lost horizon i don't do this , as i am more reluctant giving people whom i dislike / distrust information about myself i consider ' too personal ' , plus , there is a trick to my name in that it's a double barrel name ; ... ' guardians of fate ' , ensiferum i recently changed my ' major ' to psychology , and boy do i regret it . i was misguided when i thought the social sciences were this new innovative and intriguing take on life , so misguided ... alas , ... ' a past and future secret ' , blind guardian try to wake up before the alarm , obviously , when you wake up is ' kinda ' out of your control , but do what you can to ensure you don't go to sleep exhausted . trust me , waking up before the alarm does ... ' eagle fly free ' , helloween ' i am the wooden doors ' , agalloch i don't think cartman is ' e ' anything , he's too much in his head , plotting , scheming and justifying to be extroverted . that said , he isn't a typical introvert , but i find introversion to be a lot ... eric cartman . the intp god . many would say cartman is probably an entp , but no , the thoughts cartman has ... too damn prolific and insular for an entp mind , and he is certainly no intj . 24540 taken at uni while i was lost in thought . humorously tagged as a ' calvin klein underwear model ' by the girl who took it . can't say i got the joke . ' san sebastian ( revisted ) ' , sonata arctica i need encyclopedic leverage to answer that one fully ;) ' out of the ashes ' , symphony x ' eagle fly free ' , helloween ' pharoh ' , symphony x ' in the shadow of our pale comapnion ' , agalloch why is the researcher so timid ? if he's found such large statistically significant evidence for these neutrinos breaking light speed then he should be a bit more ... happy ? excited ? hopeful ? i would ... ' noldor ( dead winter reigns ) ' , blind guardian i'm currently going through a stage such as this myself . ' advent ' , opeth ' the glory disappears ' , summoning ' cry of a restless soul ' , lost horizon ' through her silvery body ' , swallow the sun