' for years i tended to live in my head and not pay much attention to physical exercise , but that has changed . i do a 30 minute walk a couple of evenings a week and go to yoga 3 times a week . the ... i am not opposed to meds for depression , especially when you are so down just getting out of bed can seem like an impossible task , much less exercising , calling a friend , etc . meds can be a way to ... i hate the process of cleaning but i abhor living in chaos . messiness really impacts my mood negatively but when i am depressed i don't feel like tackling the mess , which brings me down further and ... i'll join the other fans of haruki murakami - i like all of his stuff , but after dark is really good . you also might like hard-boiled wonderland and the end of the world . another fave of mine is ... glad to hear it . guess it took him a while to absorb it & sorry if i sounded a harsh . hope all goes well . it's been years since i've dated ( thank god ! ) but before i got married i remember all the dilemmas and drama . one thing i learned is that if a guy is interested , unless he's been drugged & is being ... you could always try listing pros and cons of each option on a piece of paper - or if the linear / column thing is not your style , try a mind map - write each option in a circle & then just put rays out ... i've taken anti-ds are various times . the one that seemed to work best for me was zoloft . many feel that anti-ds are just masking the problem or blunting emotions . i really think it depends on what ... i am sure your wedding willl be beautiful . one thing to keep in mind - it is one day in your marriage , and while it's certainly a milestone , trust me , it is not the most important day . what matters is ... i really need much more sleep than i typically get . i get through the day thanks to tea / coffee - mornings are very hard , as the day progresses i get more energy , have a hard time falling asleep at ... maybe not word for word , but something like this ( said by winona ryder in heathers ): great pate , but i'd better motor if i'm gonna make that funeral . another quote from that movie : ... freshman year - came out of 8 years of catholic grade school to attend a large public high school . tried out for plays , got heavily into drama . remained kinda nerdy but enjoyed the attention of being ... john ( as in lennon ) david . not sure why i came up with david - thought if he turned out to be a jd type of guy he could use that as a nickname , & one of my friends called him that when he was ... i scored 20 . so you've been through the methadone detox before ? sorry that you're going through all this - addiction is rough . i know so many people dealing with that . [ quote : the one book i'd recommend would be hard boiled wonderland and the end of the world by haruki murukami . ] that's a great book . murakami is my favorite author . i also love norwegian ... one thing i've learned in terms of careers is that just because you can do something doesn't mean you should . at various times i've had supervisory positions . and alwaysi ended up stressed and ... yes , absolutely . yes , run with it ! when i was in high school i acted in a lot of plays & i loved it . i was extremely self-conscious as a young teenager , but having people look at me when i was playing a role was ... i have two dogs-not at all like me . the older one is very sensitive but also very volatile-try to picture a canine version of the young sean penn . the female is bouncy , optimistic , has no idea of ... duder 142 , i work for an insurance company ( i know how boring that sounds ! ) . i guess what i do is best described as a technical writer . i am pretty much left alone to get done whatever i need to get ... night owl . there is so much morning chauvinism in the us . so what if the early bird gets the worm ? give me a midnight table at a cool little tapas bar w / lots of appetizers & a glass of wine . much ... agree about the importance of shared values , interests , although being joined at the hip to someone & doing everything together can be deadly , in my opinion . opposites can attract initially but i've ... i try to evaluate relationships by asking , what does that person bring out in me ? after a conversation with that person , do i feel somewhat uplifted , like i've been listened to & understood , or do i ... i am 59 . it feels strange to type that because i know it must seem very old indeed to those of you who are teens . i wish there had been internet when i was a teenager - i would have loved a site like ... i love the rain . gret for napping , reading , doing indoor projects like cleaning closets . i also like being snowbound - don't like driving in snow , but it's nice to be cozy at home with plenty of food ... the list in the first post describes me amazingly well . i'm an only child & in our neighborhood there were very few kids , so i spend a lot of time reading , writing , drawing by myself . i had ... i often have a hard time falling asleep . usually take a hot bath , do some reading , have a cup of hot herbal tea . i like yogi teas bedtime tea - it has an herb called skullcap that seems to be ... sun - aries moon - gemini rising sign - sagittarius this is a keys mishap , although it doesn't involve losing them . i was exiting the parking garage at work , which requires scanning my badge . i drove up to it at a weird angle , and couldn't reach the ... for some reason i have always enjoyed the feeling of being anonymous and exploring a large city on my own . depends on what you're looking for . do you want lots of stimulation - shows , concerts , ... ever read a scanner darkly ? that is an amazimg book . sometimes i want to be stevie nicks , sometime patti smith & my wardrobe shows it . do you live close to any parks or hiking trails ? sometimes it helps to get out in nature - even if it's just a city park . i've found that there is something healing just being outside . i know it's ... for some reason i love zooey glass in franny & zooey . love this part where zooey is talking to franny on the phone and pretending to be their brother buddy . franny is complaining about the smell of ... some good advice - thanks everyone ! i think it boils down to actually taking steps to get out there - whether it be attending events / church services or inviting someone over . we have several ... i am infp and husband is infj . we experienced some really rough times with our son & basically withdrew from most social encounters - church , going out with friends , etc - for probably 3 years . don't ... hell yeah . my hubby is infj . i have had short-term relationships w / people very different from me - obviously they provided something i needed at the time . however , my husband of many years is pretty similar to me . he is an infj ... i pay bills on line - dealing w / the process of writing checks bugs me . i usually look at bills once a week in the evening & pay on line . baskets help to keep things corralled somewhat without ... purple , burgundy and lately brown . i used to hate brown but now i like it - especially with purple & red . haruki murakami . i've read everything of his i can find . . are any of you as disgusted by most reality tv shows as i am ? i don't watch them - other than occasionally i will watch addicted or intervention due to some situations in my family - hope to learn ... this is really old but i absolutely love it . young girl sunday blues ( marty balin & paul kantner ) jefferson airplane in my heart i have a feeling , and i don't know what i'm gonna do; i don't know about being broken . if i had to use one word to describe myself as a child , it would be sad . think that is still true of me today . i don't think i strike people who know me ... patti smith . love her music , her spirit , her style . read just kids a while back - all about her relationship with robert mapplethorpe and her years in new york - so interesting and very touching . 2 dream places - one a townhouse or loft in the heart of the west village - i love new york - the other a cabin in big sur . i love the stimulation and anonymity of a large city , but like being out in ... seems infp-ish to me . i admire john lennon so much - named my son after him in fact . i don't really get pissed off at them , but i find es - especially in a group and especially early in the am - very overwhelming . getting into an elevator with a bunch of sales reps first thing in ... verbally , yes - i can be killer sarcastic . i find it easier to leap to someone else's defense than my own - if someone is being mean or unfair to someone that i am close to i am much quicker to fight ... '