' is there an alternative way to have a breast crease ? i'm not a doctor , but you'll need to see one . your neurodiverse ( aspie ) score : 84 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 114 of 200 you seem to have both neurodiverse and neurotypical traits warning : i will chew you up and spit you out in an argument . do you have verbal diarrhea ? how does it come out . for me , i just can't stop once i start . if i'm on a roll in a public setting with jokes or insults , i just keep going until the other person ( s ) ... warning : may be unintentionally ( or lowkey intentionally ) offensive when on a roll with jokes . i know you were intending to flatter and i should hate you but instead i'm flattered . thanks . i think it's supposed to be biology sketches . they look like little plants , the text fig . 7 or no . 2 , and what looks like cell multiplication , but might just be the inside of a cell ... i think it's the illuminati . for me it was just gas . i love them and my best friend is one . he's so special to me . we barely speak because life is really chaotic , but he's such a genuinely interesting and challenging person . it's fun to banter with him ... 242106 greetings . 1 . if not superior , i definitely don't consider them equal to me , if that answers your second question . 2 . no , i threaten the social . i take their lunch money . 223082 be witty . show me what i'm working with . : crazy : 207602 i look mean . something a little out of the ordinary for me : house hunting and home projects . i honestly never answer people on time and would get agitated almost instantly if someone badgered me for answers . 188658 i'm more of a poser than anything else . i also look much sweeter in pictures . though , to be honest , as an entp woman , i've gotten a lot of comments about how intimidating i am - - solely because i exhibit traits that are ' uncommon ' for women . so ... my revised addition is ... intj for me . polyamory makes no sense to people who are taught that feelings are mutually exclusive to the concept of mono-love . polyamory makes complete sense to people who are taught or grow to feel otherwise ... 1 . ) what annoyed you most about any sps you've known ? depends on cognitive func . but mostly , irrational , unstable ( but who am i to talk ) , unyielding to ideas , not usually interested in depth in ... it might just be me . i might just be misanthropic and awful . but i don't know how to ( initially ) get along with some people . sure , i love to have laughs and joke around . but some people don't inspire ... oh my god , this is such a pressing issue in my life at this very moment . my room has recently gone through a transition from being moderately organized with some cluttered areas to being completely ... dressed up with somewhere to go . i'd like to apologize for all those who had to be exposed to me in big doses . i think i love you . moar people . down . well , shit guys . i'm late again ! enfjs are great in bed . thanks for existing . i think that when i was young my personality was very much as it is now . i was funny , loved attention , intelligent , didn't do well in class but i was endearing enough that my teachers didn't mind , i ... i don't draw very well , but i used to really enjoy it . that said , i never finish anything i start . he and i are close and i flirt with him in ways that are extreme even for me . plus we have a history . how could he not tell me if he did ? i can only assume he doesn't and thus i am bound to be ... also i hope intjs know how terrifying it is to discuss feelings with you . i love you all , i hope you know . shared how ? i'm lost . but yeah , i've been completely crazy over one and i can't understand why he doesn't just attack me with feels and run away with me . we're clearly both attracted to each ... thanks for being super great but emotionally unavailable , intjs ! xox hey , i'm from toronto . hurray , canadians ! meh , i love him dearly and hope we'll be friends one day . he is a bit of a child . actually . i'm older than him . i do think isfjs are so genuinely sweet and darling . but we all have dark sides . it got so bad . i don't know if we'll ever be friends again . he's ignoring me now . i must've really hurt him because he never ignored me before . but how much insecure shit am i supposed to take ? oh i'm aware he's very unhealthy . he had many redeeming qualities , many many many . but for the most part , he was overwrought with flaws and weaknesses that i never could combat . he inspired so much ... self-pitying , overly emotional about nothing , unwilling to work on self without constant prodding , easily overwhelmed , avoidant ... but this is a biased opinion . blue and orange are my least favourite . you called me a flight risk like i was a caged bird fighting my way out . but you should have known you can ’ t make a woman happy by being perfect for her . sometimes you need to be unavailable , ... when i cut someone out of my life , i do so in a way that cannot be reconnected . i must sever the ties so that no roots remain to grow . that is why , at times , i clasp my hands and fear their ... being in love with me is inadvisable . i will make you wonder if the sole reason you met me was to understand loss . just a personal poll , how many men here wear fedoras and own a mra shirt ? i'm open to marrying you , so if you're interested ... '