' people stereotype and focus on the negative traits . instead of compassionate souls , they may interpret us as over emotional doormats . they might focus on our angst and depression rather than our ... oh , i hope you like jane eyre . it's one of my favorites . i think you'll like the outsiders , too . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm doing much better than when this day started . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i second this recommendation ! if you would like more where that came from , try jonathan strange and mr . norrell . it's much longer , but they're both great examples of british fantasy . :) neil gaiman ... the slow return to peace that only writing can bring . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i read it at the tail end of elementary school , which i think is younger than when most people read it . i haven't touched it since then , but i want to read it again someday . it's what made me love ... i think that's what has been missing in my life lately . my education gives me purpose with the ultimate hope that i will find my place in academia and be able to teach someday , but i feel like i need ... they get stuff done . that's pretty cool in my book . :) sent from my iphone using tapatalk irritated ! there's too much jack hammering today . sent from my iphone using tapatalk 5w4 . yes , i would . would you want to live forever ? tiring , lonely , busy to be honest , i feel lost . it's probably just the exhaustion from the semester . i need to write more to let my feelings out . i usually feel a bit down after a semester even if it is true that i ... i am sick . it sucks . sent from my iphone using tapatalk to be honest , i really don't collect much of anything these days . i miss it . :( i used to collect anime stuff as a teen . i have dvds , cds , manga , plushies , and other random anime merchandise stowed ... i don't understand it well , either . i think it may contribute to nostalgia , especially when combined with introverted feeling . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i don't think that it is too strange for an infp to enjoy physical things . these activities can allow us to get away from the constant chatter in our brains , so we can just live in the moment for a ... i'm feeling blah . :( i could use something to energize my heart and mind . waiting to begin sent from my iphone using tapatalk blah , but i have work to do . :( what i really need is a nice peaceful walk to clear my head . sent from my iphone using tapatalk really damn tired and bored . :( today was a waste ... i want to have fun . imagining the future . sent from my iphone using tapatalk confused and bored ... not a good combination . :( sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm also a 5w4 , and i admire 1 , 7 , and 9 most of all . i admire 1s ( especially 1w2s ) for their commitment to moral goodness , 7s for their vivacity and enthusiasm for life , and 9s for their ... i understand types 5 and 4 best . this is not surprising considering that i am probably one of those types with the other type as my wing . i guess you could call me narcissistic for reading about ... i'm enjoying a peaceful evening . :) sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm feeling much better than yesterday ... buoyant and hopeful . :) sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm awkward and stubborn , but hey , that's me ;D my hope is that it comes off as endearing to some . sent from my iphone using tapatalk as scary as it may seem , it would be best to text him . don't worry about it so much . i know that's easier said than done . just remember that people have busy lives . there's only one way to find out , ... i say intp as well . sent from my iphone using tapatalk welcome lordsphinx ! greetings from a fellow token quiet kid . technically , i'm an adult , but the description still fits . i was hopeful too see another infp , but intp is cool as well . either way , ... i feel like the clouds have finally parted . sent from my iphone using tapatalk it was maaya sakamoto when i was sixteen . yes , i was quite the little otaku ... it was part of anime expo no less . i was thrilled that she came to america . such fond memories ... sent from my ... most likely 4w5 . i may still be one , but if so , it has toned down . i feel more detached now . i was probably still sp / sx , though . either way , i was withdrawn , imaginative , and romantic . above all , i ... these are all guesses . i don't know the real enneagram types of anyone in real life . :P mom : 9w1 sp / so grandma : 2w1 sp / so aunt : 2w3 so / sp uncle : 6w5 sp / so dammit , i'm lonely . i want a boyfriend . or some prospects at least . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i don't really ... i am quite competitive myself . just as long as there is some encouragement and nurturing along the way . maybe i'm just weird for an infp ? i do dislike it when it seems to take over ... only when i am depressed or have been sleep deprived for a while . last spring , i used sleeping as a coping mechanism when i was stressed about my honors english class and depressed about my friend's ... tired and a bit scattered , but overall , not bad . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i used to be , and to a certain extent , i still am . i tend to be drawn to the cooler , more logical types these days . in my opinion , they would balance things out . there would still need to be an ... aw , that is awesome ! it sounds so beautiful , simple , nostalgic , and romantic ... :D sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm feeling happy and empowered . :D sent from my iphone using tapatalk i see infps as abnegation or possibly amity . feeling out-of-place is definitely an infp trait but not necessarily divergent . sent from my iphone using tapatalk a coffee shop is just fine . nothing too wacky or intimate for a first date . save the adventures and romance for when we feel really comfortable around each other and have fallen in love properly ... since infps dislike conflict , i think that we have a tendency to sweep things under the rug until it all builds up and overflows . there is this need to be true to ourselves . it can make us feel ... i tend to withdraw when i am hurt , but it usually doesn't last very long . fortunately , i haven't been hurt that bad . sent from my iphone using tapatalk yes , i am not very confident about my social interactions . i have a hard time understanding how i come across to others . i need to feel welcomed because i don't want to force myself on others . ... not knowing if something is true or not . sent from my iphone using tapatalk definitely sp 5 followed closely by sx 5 . these descriptions are very fitting for me . i am a private person who secretly longs for the world outside . other than that ? i see shades of myself in sp 1 , ... i am infp , and i am dreaming of love . sent from my iphone using tapatalk wishing that i could stay in bed . this time change is killing me . also , i missed an event last night . i'm not too happy about that . sent from my iphone using tapatalk '