the decision has been made as of yesterday ( monday ) . and i totally , definitely agree with you . this isn't a doorslam . i've cut the friendship . that's it . i think that the fact that im ignoring his ... i completely agree . i made notions towards what you said in my post actually . i'd never completely shut him out , i said i'd keep an eye out for him because i considered him a ' friend ' and i'd feel ... i appreciate your comment . i really , really do . but i'm sick and tired of giving him second chances ... i just got a little disappointed hearing that i might have to compensate yet again . i just can't ... i suppose i agree with the grades thing ( i'm still a bit reluctant as you can see ) . i agree with quite a bit of what you presented . the only thing i'm unsure about , and forgive me if i'm too eager ... smevel , you're funny ... i like your humor ... that's some sassy hair : mellow : thanks . i started a thread if you still want to know how things are going . i hope much that you will find a comfortable and desirable state with your sister . so much of your situation makes me wonder ... hi . infj here . i think this might be a long one , so bear with me , and thanks for taking the time to read my post . i posted in the enfp forum via a new thread about my friendship with an undeveloped ... sorry to disappoint anyone , and i know that i might by saying this , but i think it's come to a doorslam . i've given up , that's how it has turned out . i feel foolish for even thinking our friendship ... ... you are ... a weirdly amazing intj ... smevel , is that you in your avatar ? just curious . aside from that , a very much enjoy classical ( i play viola ) and the occasional pop . i dance , and find hip-hop as a very good jump for me to start dancing as well . :) musical theatre for the freaking win ! ! ! read the first page ... guess we're not as cute as i thought xd haha , yeah , and for the sake of my mother , i'm glad i'm not a t type . that'd be so , so frustrating for her . i kind of feel sorry for her . err ... um ... ok i'm awkward , and considering my age ... do ... dang , especially right now , i'm wishing there was one for infj . maybe us infjs could start a thread and make one ... ? well , from my experience right now , i'll give you a stressor for sure : not being ... i'm actually looking forward to the maturity from my future-peers in college . :) and thanks i have a very hard-headed estj dad and two , estp and entp , sisters ( older and younger , respectively ) . i ... haha , yes , i am in my mid-teens as of the moment ... if that isn't a bit odd ... lol . and , that's quite pleasant to hear from you - - - i always felt like i wouldn't get quite well with t types because i ... that's such a significant situation ... i definitely see it as a situation that the future might hold if , referring to the grades , he doesn't do well . i guess i kind of worry that he'll try to use me ... this guy is definitely an enfp . he's got way more ne than se , to the point that he seems very aloof at times . he's quite introspective , yes , and looks at his relationships with those he likes in a ... i'd say i'm being quite sensitive , yes . if anything though , i'd say he's being more of a butthead than i am being sensitive . i think that his mean attitude cuts more deeply since i am opening / opened ... wow , thanks to you all ! i'll give my replies so far . oh , my bad . i'm sorry for misinterpreting your question . i kind of was making rash and quick decisions because i was bored at the moment and felt like talking to simply anyone ... however i'm ... ^ no need to point out ... i went on a way irrelevant tangent there ... :d ry : * facepalm * i definitely agree ... i'm rethinking my original comment while looking for ' evidence ' for elistra ... i don't think i'd be butthurt , but i sense some sarcastic humor in some of the comments . i think ... you definitely seem to have big traits of enfps ... or at least the one ( s ) i know . haha ... perhaps you should talk with some on the forum wow i adore you guys hi guys . i'm friends with an underdeveloped enfp . he's the first n i've ever met , and it just happens to be that he's quite ne-dominant and i thought this would be the opportunity to have the ... this is definitely a natural thing for infjs , or at least for me ... i've discovered something about myself . maybe you guys can relate , but i'm so fascinated with the idea of being a ' mystery ' than ... i feel like the enfp is aloof to the can-be-perceived-as-slightly-hurtful comments that you guys made ... if i were her , i'd be totally butthurt ... :P undeveloped for the win omg you're amazing i'm not surprised that you disagree - - - i've never met an infp before . the e and i in xnfp makes a huge difference in the cube invasion , i'd imagine ... my enfp is a total dragon ... aww , i was only joking ... a lot of the entps i know have big heads ... you're going to make me cry for you ... well that evoked some emotional response ... do you lean towards enfp ? :) es-types tend to get in my cube quite often , which forces me to put on my acting-like-i-care mask to not kill our acquaintanceship ... perhaps you might have gotten in the infjs space , to a point of ... i'm just going to leave it at this : all entps have big heads ... does that narrow it down for you ? ;) haha , before i saw this , i in fact , did . or i attempted to . i feel like my estp best friend would not be interested . which , maybe because i'm half asleep right now , i'm not getting ... damnit , i'll come back tomorrow ... :d ry : when missjordan has to make a chart for your post . : o ] wow ! what a great post ! you definitely opened my eyes to some new things , for sure . with the degree thing , i have definitely looked into that . and with asking students about campus programs . you ... aww , thanks . i hope thinks work out and i make the right choices . :) guess it's just a matter of time . and a matter of time ' till i personally meet an intj , too . :) you totally scare all the underdeveloped infjs away from your forum ... you're way too busy to post here ... i'm not even estp . you guys complete this forum , where are you ? : crying : you freaking know it all entps ... why do you have such f * * * ing big heads ? can some estps just shut the hell up sometimes ? there's this one estp in my class who constantly has to comment on every freaking joke the esfp teacher freaking makes ... next time i shall snatch ... i feel bad for laughing at these posts ... i'm thinking of asking the intjs about this as well ... though i'm kind of scared of them : laughing : . i feel like they can be really insightful at times but might beat me up . and with my annoying estj ... well how should i answer all this ... : laughing : your post really helped ! my intuition is a bit fuzzy at the moment about where i see myself . i am not doing anything performance related at currently ... homework . hi . i'm a fifteen year old sophomore , and i am in high school . so ... that special time of the school year is coming up ... college . and most importantly , everything else that comes afterwards . well , ... is there one for infj ? i know we can be quite pesky , but this seems so accurate ! 66626 66627