' dear infj love , little did i know a year and a half ago that i would meet someone who would redirect and change my life . little did i know that i would find someone who made me feel incomplete ... hon i'm a cheeseball but almost a year ago you asked me to send you a song that reminds me of you and here it was overall i find it very rewarding . i have to sell myself a lot for business purposes , but that's just hustling . i like to feel like i can relax . not feeling like i have to entertain . also , keep it sexy . that's mr . sassy snasslesass to you pal . gifsoup i swear i was like you at your age . you will be an extremely confident person one day and kick ass ; however , we all go through growing pains at different times in our life and come out better because ... please don't call me sassy lol overly serious people are fine with me . i'd obviously prefer a balance between someone who can be serious and someone who can joke around . i can be overly serious at times , but then can switch tones ... you should take pepto bismol when constipated or bloated at the onset of a blumpkin . it's effective 50 % of the time in the chance i ever get a blumpkin , which is about 1 % of the time i plump . you forgot getting a blowjob and shitting or what is otherwise called a blumpkin . there's only one way to settle who is more of an expert at everything you listed : dance off withdrawal and depression obsessiveness nietzsche's eternal recurrence is supposed to be a life-affirming message to counter the fearful and life-denying gospel that religion preaches . essentially , these life-denyers have to make up a ... yeah , that's all i had in me , and i really had to stretch my point on that one . ha yes , i agree a framework is important ; however , we all use words and change definitions to conform to our viewpoints . all words are open to interpretation in various ways . obviously i can make a ... saw american historian david mccullough speak at my cle class today . was really cool . suuure i think it's a hard question to answer . we could explain how our cognitive process affects our decision-making process , but at the same time , i believe environmental factors , how i was raised and the ... i've heard your trouser snake is a myth . no one's ever been able to locate it : laughing : yes , deciding whether someone deserves your empathy is making a judgment i think . does this person deserve my empathy or not ? it's all based on judgments . and yes it's all semantics and it's all ... no the way we perceive people is automatically a judgment . judging people doesn't mean you don't give them a chance . it means you're bringing a certain lens into how you view the world and the people ... i don't think we're more kind than intps . in fact , i would imagine entps way more prone to engage in conflict with people though i don't think that makes entp's unkind . entps get away with saying ... it's important to be judgmental or discriminatory or else you'll waste your time with morons . yeah high school is lame . it gets better . no reason to rush through college . take your time , learn , be irresponsible , be an idiot , learn from that , get a little better in your decision-making , ... i don't party much anymore . in my party days , i was always the last man standing , though , and i could drink anyone under the table . i was never a sloppy drunk though . i just get super extroverted and ... both . i'm both . i get along with most types pretty easily though istjs can grate on me which isn't to say i don't enjoy their company . my istj friend asked me to be in his wedding . he's been a great friend . two ... what you think you're going to be now will be way different when you graduate . you're not supposed to know . just enjoy the experience of it , whichever college you choose , and take different classes ... my sense of humor is appreciated by most people i come across . you aren't funny if other people aren't laughing or getting what you're saying . our talents lie in presentation . how we present ideas or ... i've always seen myself retiring as a professor in the twilight of my years . i think we would probably be good at a socratic method teaching style which forces people to be able to formulate as ... my inner voice is james earl jones . if james earl jones is an infj boy then that just happens to be highly coincidental . i bet you masturbate while winking at yourself in the mirror . organization primarily . i've been running my firm for about 8-9 months . i'm operating at a profit and see good things coming ; however , it's important to find people to compensate in areas you ... being a great person is not about getting the better of people ; it's about getting the best of people . use your talents to motivate and inspire . being right about something and not knowing when to ... i'm much better at one to one conversations . i don't think it's that i'm much better actually . i'm good in group dynamics as long as i am enjoying the energy of the group ; however , i prefer one to ... you tell them you rebel you yeah right . you're such a serious online flirt . you love it . you're welcome . i want to know your opinion on conversations about having conversations . jesus christ . clearly i don't consider italian americans white and obviously only animals live in new jersey . you have kids ? ! fuck . please , for the sake of humanity , and i'm not being a smartass , stop procreating . so we can't talk about how we like infjs , but we can talk about he we don't like talking about liking infjs got it btw … . cheating on your wife isn't an entp thing . stop with that stereotype . it's clearly an italian-american thing . or how an entp fucked over an infp for a decade---doggy style my cock will poke its way into a heart . and by heart u200bi mean mouth . moral of the story : the ultimate way into a male entp's heart is having a mouth over his cock . true story . ever think about grad school ? what are you really good at ? yeah , i relate to trying to let the other person fuck up so you could have a reason . i suppose that's the scary part in a sense : the need to want something more . it's not that the person did anything ... probably because we're awful breaker-uppers . the fade away move doesn't work that well , but it just sort of happens unconsciously . apparently , people like closure . haha anyway , i remember ... '