' boxers or briefs ? also , whats your position on dr phill ? btw , fascinating thread , food for thought , hold the msg and caffeine though aye : happy : w , me too , i have no idea if i have ocd but i count things , i still do it now , i don't think it interferes with my daily life too much , but its always there . must .. protect .. sweet .. sweet .. energy .. juices .. yesss .. my .. preciousss ... : tongue : i have to mentally prepare myself to leave the house . yeap wish id read the 1st paragraph before i voted crazed.its spiritually romantic . dear those 2 very much in love infjs i am so happy for you , reading your post's to each other makes me go all warm and gooey inside , usually im the kinda gal that roll's her eyes at that kind of ... i think its time for you to stand up for yourself and say no.no i will not let you hurt me , no i will not be held hostage by your emotional abuse of me , life is too short if you have to cut out or ... violent femmes-promise again , really ? u already tried this shit in the infjs the world needs you now thread , lame . infj - atheist . miley cyrus - from child star and role model to obnoxious exhibishionist . ok 1 more , i confess that when i used to work as a chef , a drunken sleaze was dining in the restaurant , harassing my friend who had the displeasure of serving him ( pinched her butt , made sleazy ... i confess that when i was a kid , we'd all be singing along in church , and id look upto the projector screen and think it was gods hands changing the song sheets , i finally realised when i was about 9 ... oh i thought i was the only weirdo who loves sloths : happy : i like squares , when i doodle i draw squares , 3d squares mostly so cubes , oh and celtic symbols , hieroglyphics , oh and the star within a ... other - haven't decided exactly what though , something along the lines of poking the syrian president with a sharp , acid soaked stick . infj . i think its a great idea ! , if i saw a poster inviting infjs to reply id be all for it , what have you got to lose ? , better still what have you got to gain ? just be careful ok , that's the mum in me ... wow ok here goes , geez marla you really got me thinkin , i feel like music is my one and only true companion , it is constant , it always surprises me , it is my antidote for the days when i feel like im ... dynamo magician extaordinaire , i have no concrete evidence to support this just a feelin ... : tongue : heard it on a jeans advert when i was about 12 , loved it ever since ... assholes talking on their phones in the library i had no idea that there was such a thing as infjs mbti etc , till about 2 months ago , i was actually looking for information about my ex who i suspected had borderline personality disorder , ... i just don't think you have been in love yet , trust me when you fall in love youll know it , it will hit you like a mack truck there will be no wondering if you can or wondering if it is love you will ... ohh yea ! !  house cleanin music ! opshop - sundays best clothes . truth is of no use to me , no not this time let me go let me be ... god its hard isint it ? for me its turning that little voice inside me down or possibly off if i can , i sit there and think about what is he doing , why hes doing it , what paths he's taking , where they ... i wana be a mermaid , with shells on ma boobs , bluey green hair that doesn't need pantene or anything to make it gleam and look amazing lol , i want to sing songs that can enchant sailors etc , id be ... really ? im reading a thread in which ppl are discussing some utuber changing her type from intj to infj , then she shows up in the thread and its like the fucking queen arrived lol , endless fawning ... my dad had cancer and took 4 years to die , even though we all knew it would happen eventually , it was still devastating . i had days when everything was fine , did the normal day to day stuff , helped ... 27.and even then , i agonise over what i've said . : blushed : whats a fox say ? : tongue : its all fun and games till someone loses an eye . as the coach meandered its way through the sodden city streets , travis recalled the extraordinary events of the previous night , had he really seen her , alethea ? the bile rose in his throat as he ... you introduced yourself to me with a gentlemanly bow , and i was delighted , i echo the sentiments of knight 93 , the last person who msgd me , called me a , thanks tease ( condecendingly , passive agressive , i ... team new zealand hurry up and win the bloody americas cup , im so over it being plastered all over our 3 main t . v channels day and night ... ( p . s up yours jimmy spithill ): tongue : wupwup thanks ! high 5 @oldmanrivers yup i work the best when im under pressure , sometimes i feel as if my mind goes into some sort of robotic mode , it analyses the fastest and most efficient way to get things ... suddenly i see , ( suddenly i see ) this is what i wanna be , suddenly i see ( suddenly i see ) why the hell it means so much to me ... shit cant remember who sings it but i like it : tongue : i gave up the dream when i finally realised after quite a few years , that that's all it was , a dream that kept kicking my ass . a machine that could give people the abilty to sympathise / empathise with others , i am always surprised at the amount of people ive met who either don't know how or just cant . dear me , you can do this , don't be afraid . really sorry trying to fix a mistake oh no pkkk you people me rose-im too busy thanking everybody so no one feels left out lol @antipode you took the letters right out of my mouth ... t . v series the black velvet gown , based on a catherine cookson novel , sapphire and steele-interdimensional travel , both british , oh yeah and the professionals-two hunky english cops from the 70s with ... ohh me too , ive never seen the vid but have always imagined lots of men and women from the 80s with big hair and leotards doing aerobics for some reason ... ive never heard any of the greatful deads music , funny though one of my fav quotes is by themmusic is the soundtrack to our lives ... i am now a fan , im lovin this ... '