' gender : female age : 16-26 intelligence : gifted openness : early-adopter mbti personality profile : istp closest alternative we found : isfp well , i am female , so there's that . maybe . it's something i'm coming around to . i don't just kind of like this . i kind of love it ! i'd already watched the ones you linked along with several others . i heard he's more relaxed on his twitch streams . i don't know much about that site , so i can't verify that assessment . i thought istp . at the very least , he seems ixxp to me . where do you get this idea from ? i'll stand by myself in the dark , dusty corner designated for those who think arin is an infp . your personality type is : intp clear introversion : 17/21 clear intuition : 23/26 moderate thinking : 15/24 moderate perceiving : 15/22 and here i thought i was on my way to an infp result . aww , shucks . i thought since it wasn't in the member list it'd be fine . thanks for checking . i'd like to change my username to ghost . thanks . nah , i finished tests quickly . i always wondered what was up with everyone else that it took them so long . isfj ? for me , it'd be c-d ( creator / hobbyist ) or perhaps d-c . i watch hgtv more than i should . next time i see flip or flop , i'll keep entp in mind for christina and see what i think . i see tarek as an entj . i wondered about estp for a bit , though . christina is harder for me . i thought exxp then xxfj . i do think fe makes sense for her , but i didn't get farther than that . i haven't ... my mom is an esfj , and i suspect my doctor and a lady at my work are , too . i have suspicions about my uncle and my middle school friend both being xsfj , but i'm not sure . anyway , esfjs seem cool ... enfp let me know which part went over your head , and i will gladly clear it up . it appeared that you mistakenly assumed it was sailoralice rated the thread a certain way . it seemed fair for me to ... what the fuck has been happening in this thread ? i rated this thread one star before it had any other ratings because it's a crappy thread filled with hypocrisy . boom . you know , i ... mmm , i'm not at all keen on collaboration . something very personal to me being twisted ? i wouldn't phrase it like that , although that might be the case . for me , i have strong vision and a particular ... i get offended when people try to box things in too narrowly , setting needless restrictions on others or on interests of mine . i physically tense up and then say something noncommittal or try to ... this just happened to me ten minutes ago . oh . that's probably not a good thing . the average 6 day is my favorite so far . i'd be adjusting this post in perpetuity if i didn't submit it now . i'm most certain on gon , killua , and for some reason netero . hunter x hunter gon - esfp killua - infp kurapika - istj ... aww , the colors . it's so fancy now . type 1 ravenclaw - piscesfish gryffindor - thymic slytherin - figure type 2 slytherin - living dead ravenclaw - sharkcorn where da evil peepz at ? chaotic neutral . i could never be lawful anything . good and evil sound like to much work for an unmotivated person like me . so it's either chaotic or true neutral . since i do have strong biases ... okay . it makes sense , but not in the way it's supposed to . i strongly relate to themes of failure . i'm not one to wallow in the past , but when the past comes up , i've considered myself the worst ... i don't really have any . i figured exxp and sort of thought esfp was least likely . i'm most certain about mai , naru , and masako , but the other typings are total guesses . heh . i'm making my list of guesses for hunter x hunter . yay . i'm still fiddling with some of the characters ' types , so it'll be a bit . i have things to say about kurapika , possibly about killua as well ... mai - esfj naru - intj lin - i ? ? ? ( lol ) masako - infj monk - entp ayako - exfx john brown - isfj sounds good yasu - enfp for mai : i don't get se-ni from her at all . hmm , i'm leaning more strongly toward istp now . i could see that . aha ! well , someone else might come along and do it for us . i tried to figure out a correlation for transmuters . thought ... from the charts you linked , these make sense to me : gon - esfp killua - infp kurapika - isfj leorio - esxj colt - estj netero - estp uvogin - estp i like these , too , but am less sure : i'm not sure there'd be a correlation . i'd be a transmuter according to hisoka's theory , but he did say it's unreliable . 1 . sloth 2 . pride 3 . gluttony 4 . greed 5 . wrath 6 . envy 7 . lust isfp hmm ... i mostly went with my gut . my gut is often wrong , so that doesn't mean much . i suppose the thought process , and it's fair not to put too much stock into what follows , was this : those ... i'd guess infj for you . the rail tracer / clare stanfield ( baccano ! ) ... infj i don't relate to it at all . i have to be very conscious about doing things for others . if my mom is obviously feeling bad , i might leave the room before i realize she might need comforting . so in a ... i've been an agnostic theist all my life . my parents are christians , but we didn't go to church until i told them i didn't believe in the bible . it freaked my parents out . i had so many questions , ... oh , that is bleak . i would've liked that ending better . infp is it that someone recommended against infjs becoming actors or acting wasn't listed as an infj career ? if it's the first , that person is an idiot . if it's the second , not every list can include all ... 5w4 sp / sx not sure on tritype . maybe 5w4 4w3 1w ... 9 . and i think i basically typed everyone my type . lol . 1 . tatsuhiro satou ( welcome to the n . h . k . / youkuso ni n . h . k . ) infp . 6 , maybe 5 ? 2 ... i'll italicize and reduce the font of the stuff that doesn't fit me ( why is there no strikethrough ? ) , bold the things that are spot on , and make comments in purple . there's a lot ( it's doubtful much ... i may be mistyped . but i'm about 89 % sure . anyway , here is a wall of text . the compartmentalization thing is true . lately , i've come to realize that i repress emotions when something feels too ... i wanted to go with isfj , but i know nothing about the guy apart from some random quotes and explorations about his writing style and routine . pleasantly surprised to see anyone else leaning that ... i type myself as 5w4 now . yeah . explanations in the spoiler : the images : these are things that i thought were visually arresting . a couple pictures were ... i started accounts at various places years ago ( i'm talking xanga , livejournal , and myspace days ) , but grew bored with each and deleted my accounts . now , i register usernames in case i want to use ... '