' apologizing is a sign of a winner . it's not a weakness , it show's strength . wow , sorry to read about your mom's struggles-and your . it's hard to watch someone you love suffer . that being said , i wanted to help , but was at a loss . i did find this link for you that i hope will ... ugh , farmville ! how annoying ! i have a friend who i love dearly , but she posts several statuses a day , and tons of pictures , not of her little girl , of herself ! : rolleyes : if i had a kid , i'd have ... the short answer ? yes , no doubt ! the long answer ? no ... it'd turn into a book ! let's just say i hate feeling useless ! how can you reach out to an estj who is going through a rough time without making them uncomfortable ? well , i shall try to explain it as i see it . it may be different for other isfjs . i am very sentimental , and in many ways , traditional . i don't know how in touch with the material world i am ... this isfj relates more to the esfj in this case . :p roud : hey everyone ! i was just wondering if any other isfjs are on facebook , if you have been in the past , or if you would never even consider it ? i am , because i like to keep in touch with friends ... well first of all , i should make it clear that i do have good friends who are thinkers . it's not that i dislike them . but when it comes to romance , i need a guy who is gentle and sensitive , and in ... well . i'm leaning towards enfj , infj , or , possibly , enfp . study up on the cognitive functions , especially fe , fi , ne , or ni . at the moment that's all i can say . i'm sure more people will comment , ... i keep thinking ' j ' because you hate to be impulsive , need to know what you're getting in to . i'm still leaning towards intj , but other people are saying intp . my advice is to study the cognitive ... well . let's not get all upset people . be chill . imho , you seem to be intj . : happy : i'm a thirty eight year old female from the buckeye state ( ohio ) i too , thought i was an infj . then an isfp . when i finally realized i'm isfj , it was very freeing . i'm a big dog lover , and i ... the estjs i know are my boss and my aunt-so obviously not interested in dating them ! my experience with them tells me that i'd rather have them as friends then romantic interests . estjs ( although ... there isn't really a type but for me personally , i'd love an nf man , an isfp guy , or possibly , an esfj . :p roud : i have anxiety , i've been called a rescuer or enabler which are just fancy words for codependency , and i have been told by my doctor that i'm obsessive . so yeah , i get it , and i'm interested in what ... you two are going to have to talk . not easy considering isfjs don't like conflicts and i bet infps do either , but remember , conflict doesn't have to be ugly . just two people having an adult ... i think they can email the moderators and plead their case if you will . the mods aren't unreasonable people and i think it depends on severity of the event , and if they're repeat offenders . : happy : exactly . when i get in cleaning mode , watch out ! otherwise ... meh . : bored : doll a standing o for u ! :p roud : see how happy everyone is for you ? boring ? oh i think not ! i get told quite often how funny i am ! i'm also pretty flashy when it comes to some of my fashion choices . i think we're pretty colorful ! : crazy : i just heard that kate middleton is an isfj . :p roud :  ... i once went on a retreat with a group of friends and ... what a snooze fest ! : bored : all we did is sit arond and talk ! we were just a couple of miles from a cave to explore , a cute little town and a ... u200byeah , it ticks me off too . my cognitive functions test scored me highly in si and fe . in many ways , i relate to the isfj profile . so what's the problem ? well , simply put , i'm kind of lazy . i work like a dog on the job , not so ... - minimal communication with a partner who's not present ( hate talking on the phone , often don't respond to texts or emails either ) i suck at checking emails and hate talking on the phone , so yeah , ... no , i had it pointed out to me by people who know me well that i didn't see the best examples of marriage growing up . they said i'll change my mind when i meet someone i really love . meanwhile , i ... that's ok ! i forget that not everyone's best friend is as open as my esfj best friend is . : laughing : hello , fellow isfp ! welcome to perc ! enjoy ! : kitteh : yeah , i am , mainly because i'm on meds i can't stop taking . were i to become pregnant , i could harm the baby if i took them during pregnancy . but if i didn't have the meds , my health would suffer ... bingo ! you hit the nail on the head ! that's exactly what i think , that having a baby scares me . i too , want to adopt . one child , i'd say . and yeah , i want someone to bond with for life . well ... thanks ! it seems more difficult when it's your bossceo . i will try that . : happy : my boss just lost his mother after a long illness , and i want to write a message of sympathy to him and his family . what would you say if you wanted to express your friendship and sympathy while ... my boss just lost his mother , and i'd like to send him my sympathies . ( on the funeral home's website ) how can i make the message caring yet professional . any suggestions ? oh dear , i want to say something to help you here . i have to say that this is not the norm for isfp children . no parent wants to have to give their kids meds but it's better then this kind of thing ... i don't like people who butt into my business , online , or irl . contrary to what people seem to think , i'm not an idiot , i'm actually pretty smart . don't try and control me , it won't work ! ok , rant ... my best friend is very open-the picture posting queen ! no rules here : if your bff is your so , a coworker , a parent , a pet , more then one person , who cares ? ! my best friend , christy's wedding day ... josue 0098 that's a rotten feeling ! i hope you'll meet some friends irl soon . meanwhile , you do have friends on here . i know it's not quite the same thing but it's better then some people i know ... my family made me smile today . but then , they usually do . i love my family ! : kitteh : do i daydream ? only all the time ! : crazy : hi-ya ! i love your user name ! i'm phlegmatic and a dog lover too ! welcome to perc ! why do we have to do it in a certain order ? misery , boring , escape , anger , jerk i got that when i was growing up and in my twenties . these day , while i can still be quiet , it's more likely i'll get an my ears need a break ( as my istj mom puts it . ) i am very quiet when i don't ... meirsho ok , thanks ! : kitteh : hi enfpdvd welcome to perc ! yes , this is a place to discuss personality types , but we also talk about current events , relationships , music , all sorts of things . it's a lot of fun ! hope you enjoy ! try this : and this : i'm going to say ixtp . an unhealthy ixtp . enneagram type 8w7 . 9 ( again , very unhealthy ) that's just my humble opinion . try studying the cognitive functions and seeing what sounds most like her . good ... '