' best friend : intj ( m ) close friend : istj ( m ) close friend : isfj ( m ) close friend : intp ( f ) fear of sex : no . fear of intimacy : yes . at least for me personally . fitness : biking to class 4 days / week . occasional body weight or dumbbell exercises . if i have free time during my spring or fall semester i go kayaking . during the summer i will go ... i recently added a girl on facebook and started chatting with her . today we went out to lunch and the conversation naturally flowed for about an hour and a half . the girl sent me a text message a ... again , it would depend on the specific circumstances . if i felt i was betrayed by someone in a way that i could not forgive , i would tell them something along the lines of we are not friends . do not ... it would depend on circumstances , but in most situations it would be quite abrupt . for me at any rate , i can't speak for the type in general . i've only ever had luck finding female intps on facebook of all places . i don't believe i've ever met one in real life that i hadn't originally met online . recent example : there is a page on ... meh . this is untrue in my experience . by the age of 8 or 9 i was considered the ' fishing expert ' among my friends . they would always ask me for help . even now , when we get together and go fishing ... code geass . steins ; gate . sherlock . firefly . eh . when kvothe was in the forest , he didn't really have any other options aside from being alone . even if he did run onto a road and wait for someone to come by , kvothe was traumatized . his mindset ... ah now this , this i missed . mountains on saturn's moon iapetus fell from the sky - d-brief | discovermagazine.com you know what i like best about you , fett ? you're a such a sparklin ' conversationalist . sometimes it's better to think rather than speak . - boba fett . reality doesn't care if you believe ... i abhor professors that force you to waste your own time and use their inefficient systems . elodin i definitely see as an ntp . i don't think kvothe is introverted though . the second line was not solely my opinion on the matter . i have had several people tell me that and several ... it depends ... sometimes i'll go to sleep early and wake up at 4-5 am so that i can fish for the early morning red drum . other nights i'll stay up until 3-4 and wake up in the early afternoon . i'd say ... if i am not taking classes or working for a week or more , i will usually fall asleep around 6-7 am . waking up around 2-3 pm . if i am taking classes or have work , i will wake up early enough to arrive ... wherefore * also , wherefore art thou romeo ? is basically saying ' why are you romeo ? ' or ' why are you a montague ? ' shitty metal detecting laws for the most part . lots of battlegrounds . failing economies , failing economies everywhere . ancient ruins decaying with age . awesome histories . bbc sherlock wouldn't really fit into any mbti type as his personality is atypical due to him apparently being a high-functioning sociopath . going by the books i would classify sherlock as an ... the name of the windu 200b by patrick rothfuss i don't get bored . if i'm doing nothing else , i will be solving problems in my mind . female coworker : so why are you so quiet ? me : he who speaks least , says most . female coworker : oh . okay ... strength 2 dexterity 1 constitution 18 intelligence 18 wisdom 18 charisma 18 if you have to ask , you will never know . bitcoins would probably be the safest method , though perhaps not the most reliable . what would perfect vision be ? 20/20 is considered good or average . last time i went to an optometrist i was 20/10 in my left eye and 20/5 in my right eye . 77091 prompt i can do . also , it sounds as if the intjs you've had interactions with are rather immature . those that i have met have been rather stoic individuals , similar to myself . 1 . be interesting . 2 . you don't . 3 . tell them to go away , or break off communication with them completely . 4 . arguments ? you can't . i have a penis and testicles . i don't think it gets much more manly than that agnostic deist . two of my best friends are intps , one male and one female . i find that they are the best type for me to partner up with in debates , as we often view issues entirely differently . they are the best ... a deductive argument is an argument in which the conclusion is claimed to follow necessarily from the premises . deductive logic : p ⊃ q p q or if p , then q p i detest those who stand in a 20 items or less line at a department store when they have 37 items . 1 . ) break up . 2 . ) revenge is a sweet , sweet dish . 3 . ) accept the facts . 1 . depends on the person as well as why i would be moving . 2 . kill the unlucky stranger in cold blood . he left it in god's hands , and god saw fit to give me a pistol . 3 . if i had sex until ... i wish i knew everything except how to get girls , that would make life so much easier yes i see you point . i agree completely ah , i'm so sorry . their beds are just terrible what did you have the ranges set to ? pokemon ... because fuck yeah charizard 75454 edit : the manga was much better than the anime though . i'm just curious to see if anyone on perc goes to any university around me . if you do attend a nc / sc university , which one ? i attend uncw and will be a junior this year . the past few pages have been hilarious . not sure if i've added this one in the past ... 75452 legs . this . you didn't score an 82 % on your math section . you scored better than 82 % of people your age who took the exam . assuming it is a normal distribution , getting a percentile rank of 50 on the math ... are you interested in simply learning about it , or actually working in the field ? in my view , if you are going to college simply to get an education then you should drop out , as it isn't worth ... i have no idea what i want . what is the point in living ? to win the game of course . whichever side would give me the best opportunity to seize control ... * cough cough * edit : somewhat serious , but more of a joke . in reality , i'd probably go with whichever side i supported the ... this pretty much . '