' i agree with lord bullingdon here , though , in the end , what even is safety ? is safety just feeling safe ? at the moment safety means that , though , feeling safe can be quite dangerous in ... the problem doesn't necessarily lie with what you should or should not be saying , the problem lies in the fact that you don't say something until it really frustrates you . when we are very frustrated ... ever since the glitches started happening my password keeps changing ( or rolling back to some unknown password of mine ) . every time i ask for a new password , it changes to something else again after ... xzcouter i think the general ' let's see if i fit this behavioral mold ' is only going to get you so far . behavior is merely ( and arguably a less important ) part of the expression of an enneatype , ... thanks for your reactions , everyone ! this is somewhat of a monster post , so i tried to organize it a little . - kaden reality can be very confusing yeah , though i believe it's all about what ... sp / so here , man , i have been trying to write this post for around 2 hours now , but it's just not working and i'm feeling tense , which is usually a sign i'm getting anxious about this . probably ... a place of health ? hmm , i wouldn't say it comes from a place of health . it is alright perhaps when you are sort of feeling out a new relationship and you are practically strangers . the testing is ... i don't really think i test people * . for me it's like this : i either have faith in them . i'm talking about a general sense of faith here , not the conditional kind of trust .. i mean it's not all that ... while i do appreciate the advice , i believe it's something that happens not because people don't understand that they are typing on a merely superficial level , but because they don't see it is a ... * aren't you afraid it will chase you ? - no * aren't you afraid of it's size ? - no . * the way some of them look ? - no ... then you must be afraid that they'll bite you ! - no , i am ... interested in comments on my typing . because i'm bored , but also because would like to see a perspective different from my own . ( posted it yesterday , but it doesn't display for some reason ) interested in comments on my typing . because i'm bored , but also because would like to see a perspective different from my own . ( posted this yesterday , but it seems the post has disappeared . ) interested in comments on my typing . because i'm bored , but also because would like to see a perspective different from my own . this . when i get emotional i'd rather isolate myself , well that is of course in retrospect . if i vent , to anyone or over here , i can pretty much assure you that i will regret whatever it is i've ... my reactions to the bits of advice for people that want to get along with type 1 : - take your share of the responsibility so i don't end up with all the work . i don't see myself as ending up with ... well , of course it's going to be at least somewhat confusing if you throw 27 subtypes at people and go and explain them . i believe though that an important aspect in the enneagram is time . i don't ... i find it hard to differentiate shame and guilt . let's define shame as the feeling there is something wrong concerning your character , your nature . and guilt as the feeling that you have broken ... hmm , yeah , the time aspect smells like bs . i don't see how temperament is related to that . i believe i read somewhere that age was related to it , something having to do with becoming accustomed to ... perhaps , yet one can seek their identity in many ways , while others try and see themselves as more separate and somewhat alien compared to those around them , others try very hard to belong and fit ... i don't just mean the ' i'm mad at you or a this made me really upset or things like that . sure you might keep emotions from someone you are intimate with , perhaps because you have no desire to ... interesting , this reminds me of countries , charity , etc supporting certain peoples that are at war , with resources or any other kind of humanitarian help , while in general i have nothing against ... fair enough , although i must say i'm really not fond of the term delusion as it seems to imply there is something seriously wrong . i mean sure , we're all biased , but that would make every single ... hmm ... i think i would reply ' fine ' not really out of a lack of negative experiences , there most definitely were obstacles to overcome , but that doesn't make it somehow not ' fine ' . to be honest with ... i was dead set on becoming a doctor . now i am studying psychology , so i guess i am going to become some kind of a doctor . .. i will be a doctor for the human psyche ! ! ... .. bit of a stretch , but ... sharing emotions in an intimate relationship is more of a must than anything else really , if you're not really willing to share your emotions or really be open with the other person , then how exactly ... hmmm .. i don't think i have a really hard time relating to any type , that is not to say that i understand what it would feel like to be that type , it just means i can find something in my own ... saph we all wear masks , even if we don't want to and , honestly , like others have pointed out , what is boring is really subjective and dependent on the individual . sometimes to get along you make ... looks pretty accurate to me and i like the avatar hmm .. i suppose thinking badly of myself and thinking about my future and just seeing all the ' roadblocks ' ahead . i can so often be tricked into thinking that view is very realistic , but it really , ... i really appreciate you writing this bit of advice . you know i could argue i feel all this fear about people rejecting me , because i used to be bullied or people used to reject my behavior . i could ... i've been questioning the source of my moods long before i got into the enneagram or this forum . my worries often seem rather nonsensical to me , but my awareness of the fact that they come from me ... favorites : vulnerability - even though this is not exactly a pleasant feeling to have , i do find it empowering somehow . i believe there is some strength in admitting that i'm afraid of something ... first of all , thank you , everyone , for responding . your stories are incredibly interesting reads . i did my best to react to as much as possible , but i'm also having a bit of a hard time piecing my ... after having been away for a while from both this forum and the enneagram for a while , i came back to this forum and the theory . not focusing on being an enneagram 6 or being whatever type i ... i learned english because it was just everywhere . i mean it was in the games i played , the series i watched and it even popped it's head around the corner in school . becoming reasonably proficient in ... interesting , though i see now that what i tried to tell you about copying handwriting wasn't clear . what i meant was that i at a certain point wanted my handwriting to look better , and i saw my ... interesting ! i'll participate too ! 397674 sorry to interrupt your venting , but i just have to say something : in the end it's i believe not just yourself you should rely on , the thing is , only you can save yourself in the sense that only ... hello there , i currently identify as an 369 . what's it like to be me ? i think i will start with a little blast from the past , or well not so long ago because i'm pretty young . what i can ... if think there could be another reason : since it also might have something to do with your enneagram type . i mean an 8 is going to doubt his decisions far less than a 6 would for example . at the very ... i wouldn't consider any able-minded human weak , for it would imply ( to me ) that they lack the capacity to life a fulfilling life , no human lacks that capacity , is what i believe , but definitely not ... i don't know anything about research on that subject , but i can understand why people would wish to trade their own current mental constraints ( that's the name i'm giving to the difficulties one ... unfortunately not all children are naturally loving , i'm not sure how the system would mold these children into lifeless drones , after all they stay human , they will still be kids . i would say that ... westlose a very nonthreatening avatar , though it also shows a bit of individuality and originality , still it is displayed in * such a way that it is socially endearing , but faintly intense . 6w7 - ... stupid tritype of mine , it's almost like i can never truly be honest with myself and others because i notice myself copying some of their mannerisms , the way they talk , the words they use , so i can ... now first things first , your tough love . you know , it's quite a nice idea to show people harsh truths , but then again you have to hope they will eventually take it the way you want them to . the words ... :( but seriously , you might have stumbled upon something , i often find myself in the presence of people , doing such things of course give me some amount of security , though at many points i find ... amor_fati i can see your point , but i think that you do have to take into account that they are just aspects of his behavior , the cognitive functions are a theory after all , there is not always ... i can relate very much , i do my best to always be polite to people , though my manners ... they are not the best , especially during dinner time , since i can't really eat ( inferior se for the win ) and ... '