' clever , dark , ironic , sarcastic , satirical . comics like george carlin or bill hicks . i grew up on a lot of british comedy , so think blackadder and red dwarf . recently it's been rick and morty . that's pretty much how i sleep - it's kind of like a first aid recovery position , with one arm out , usually under the pillow . not really the kind of weather that supports bedtime munchies sans clothes ! have you considered living in a climate that actually supports such lifestyles ? you should be way more surprised with how long it took . seriously . i also feel it's my duty to ask how a thread that included a lovely young lady's tales of naked pizza eating got derailed into a discussion about invertebrates ? naked . pizza . eating . what's ... but the crumbs and the potential for mess ! no , bed is not a place for eating . well , not that kind of eating ... how can people enjoy eating in bed ! so , so wrong ! i'm about to start watching series 2 of mr . robot , but after reading many articles about the 20th anniversary of buffy the vampire slayer , now i ... no . people think i'm way too intimidating ! i don't do traditions . maybe it's because i don't feel an attachment to a lot of societal norms , but doing things because that's how it's always been is not a great reason for doing things . ... i have two infj female friends , and they both outdo their partner's sex drive by a huge margin . and because they feel they can't share a lot of their needs / wants with them , they pour it all out to ... i have a good sense of whether people will be good or bad for me , and i can decide that very quickly after meeting someone . that said , there have been many instances where i've felt a connection ... australia , though i did live in scotland for 19 years . i rarely get headaches , but when i do , they're usually related to sinus issues , where you get that stabbing feeling behind one of your eyes for 2-3 hours . one girlfriend of mine used to get one ... i never got the concept . flags . anthems . it's like people can't evolve out of a deep seated tribal instinct we're still carrying . the need to belong , the fear of ideas that aren't ours and ... hmmm . i'd love for people to have a greater sense of co-operation and respect for each other , the planet , and the all the other life forms that inhabit the planet . therefore , religion , ... all the time . i frequently get a seat to myself on the train because nobody wants to sit there . i've even made a point of not looking at anyone as they board , just in case they felt i was staring ... teleportation without a doubt . go anywhere on the planet at a thought ? count me in . i don't think i could do something healy , though . the thought of becoming a wishing well with legs would be ... i'm totally ok with it as long as it's reasonably subtle i . e . no tonsil hockey / sucking her face off , just because . this . and by living space i mean a house or a flat - cars just don't have ... constantly . it's also a very british thing , so sarcasm and irony are part of your dna . adding to that , constant exposure to tv shows like fawlty towers , blackadder and red dwarf just reinforce it . freshly cut grass ( sorry hay fever people ! ) . indian food . the dry , dusty smell just before it rains . for me it's rarely meeting people that i have anything in common with / feel any connection to . i don't drink , and i hate loud noise , so that rules me out of most things people like to do i . e . go ... i am comfortable man ( tm ) . outside of work , pretty much jeans and t-shirt always , or shorts if it's hot . footwear , usually dms with jeans if the weather allows , otherwise trainers . any era that features near-instant running hot water , flushable toilets , and good personal hygiene ! also tolerance and personal freedoms , especially for women . so i guess an era when religious ... exactly the same for me . i've been accused of ignoring people by doing this , but i find it makes listening easier . of course , when you then make eye contact , they complain about the intense stare ... killed many spiders . this has happened to me a few times . one time i found out at her wedding through a mutual friend . essentially , i have pretty good intuition , but i always second guess it . so given that a lot of ... some people also have a very dry sense of humour ( people from the uk especially will be totally understand this ) , and sometimes you have to be very aware of the context - or understand the person ... i've ended all of my relationships . the first ex drank a lot . i met her in college . she was a lot of fun , but every friday and saturday night she really went for it ( i don't drink - never ... my least favourite time of year . the commercialism is a big part , but good lord the hypocrisy ! honestly , if you want to be good to people , do it all year round , not just a week in december . and ... i don't think i've ever had a belief in any deities , therefore never had any religiuos beliefs colouring my life . my parents were brought up with some christian denomination , but never forced any ... i'd also love to bring back the lost art of spelling and the lost art of grammar at the same time . charm my way onto the committee for universe 2.0 . i've reviewed the current build , and i think we need to have a bit of a rewrite . i have an infp colleague who a friend of mine describes as totally adorable ! . if she feels safe with the company she's in , she's very affectionate and bubbly . it's like she's 25 going on 7 . ... i almost always remember dreams upon waking because they're usually very random and bizarre . example : earlier this year i had a dream where i was watching some sort of government agent involved ... unless i'm concentrating or problem solving , i'll probably have a smile on my face because it's likely i'm making rude comments or stray observations designed to make people laugh . i have a couple ... i also have this . i can still recall birthdays of people i haven't seen in over 30 years . i'll remind friends and colleagues of not only their birthdays , but their sos and their children too . i ... i can relate to your friend's point of view - i usually dismiss flirting as my over active imagination doing jedi mind tricks . my intuition is actually really good , but i always second guess myself ... that you don't have to believe in supernatural beings , or be part of a religious following to be a moral person . i've often said things like this before and received some withering looks . if ... yes , many people tell me they were scared of me at first . intense stares and a really dry sense of humour leave people very confused and uncertain . numerous people have mentioned that i can be intimidating , but i think it's it's more down to a combination of penetrating stare and a bad habit of making off-the-cuff remarks that sometimes shock ... my jobs go 2 years , 5 years , 5 years , 10 years . working in it , the technology changes constantly , so there's always something new - new skills , new toys . also , for the most part , i've always ... i also can only connect with feelers - i just can't get close to people who don't have a high level of empathy . intjs make fun colleagues , though . • the sound of a child laughing – it ’ s so genuine • watching people totally underestimate how smart / observant kids really are • the smell of freshly cut grass • bacon ! • getting into a bed with ... everything is going to turn out exactly how i wanted it to . i could care less . it's i couldn't care less , as in could not . then they get all bemused and pouty when i say something like well , keep going then ! . people are idiots ... i've never understood the chase aspect of relationships - women have never been contests or conquests . i worked out really early on that women were just my equal and opposite - more like a puzzle to ... i've re-discovered nwobhm ... currently it's diamond head . 1 . i'm very warm and caring , but you have to beat your way through the sarcasm to understand that . 2 . that i rarely feel connected to people ( and have no time for superficial people ) , so everyone ... i totally understand what you're saying . i rarely feel connected to people , and have never been interested in doing what everyone else finds fun i . e . going to noisy venues and drinking . the best ... '