' : d half genius ... half retard . nevermind ... : crazy :: kitteh : 1 . lack of understanding 2 . if people understood things and understood where those things lead to , there would be so much more cohesion in the world . maybe we need a thread for this thing . what'ya think ? people should type their pets for the amusement ! my family used to have a istp dog , she was a horrible dog : rolleyes : that's true and they even have different personalities . i'm actually using mbti with animals too . that's why animals rule . you don't need to talk and if you do , they probably won't get it . kind of fits isfp descriptions also : isfp personality types are sensitive , gentle and attentive to the needs of those around them . isfps are eager to help and quickly perceive the needs of ...  well in general i'm more interested what drives people and why than how they process information . anyway aren't mbti and enneagram in correlation ? why are they correlating ? went equal .  yea , could be . but at least some degree the same thing goes on in every culture amongst men ( prevails in the manly fields ) . sounds like macho culture ? a few people can earn respect different ways though , they don't need to get too much into the hustling . i think those guys can actually make some change in the culture . ... in definitions commonly used in the social sciences and behavioral sciences , aggression is a response by an individual that delivers something unpleasant to another person . predatory or defensive ... and what would be the purpose of this side project ? to eventually start acting upon these values ? when you talked about right intention and right motivation producing right action and right ... if we want to have an ego , then i think our egos should be connected to each other through values , otherwise we keep living in contradiction . so yeah they should think in same way . aren't ... on the topic : there is always two sides of a coin . anybody can argue forever equally for both sides without coming to any measurable conclusion . that's useless until we have a common ground to ... so should we let our egos get in the way of unity ? ego can be trained . intellectual mind should aim for perfection , equilibrium = where there is no need for change anymore . any change from there ... i'll take it literally :) if the stupid were more doubtful and the intelligent got more down and dirty more good things would happen . so should the stupid doubt themselves more and the intelligent take more stands ? aren't you creating meaning into things that don't have any meaning here ? if our opinion doesn't have any meaning in itself why would we want an enemy just to create meaning for our opinion ? what is ... of course it's a hellhole because rationalists haven't figured out how to make things work better . but it's actually not your fault . it's the idealists fault who haven't defined the perfect values ... if my opinions are based on my values ( as they should be ) , then they are obviously not changed very fast . 1 ) at least a bit . maybe at first sight impression , because different types can make them seem off putting at first , and now i'm more likely to look pass that . but i think the problems i have with ... jack is the sound of reason in this film . he just got a little .. off track . i like to think that jack never actually had the stomach to kill his family in the end . thou he did kill hallorann ... which types ( are more likely to ) prefer to figure things on their own and which prefer things already chewed ? i would say , naturally i like using talents i have to solve problems . when i know what i'm doing . i have liked math and crossword puzzles . ( but i don't like _learning_ new things . it's putting ... i figured if your avatar represents you , there seems to be some gloominess in there : shocked : my protocol for thanking is all over the place . i assume feelers give more thanks , for ... hah i would call it a thought that pops into my mind at some point if i were to rape someone , this would be the time and place : rolleyes : there is a sadist somewhere inside of you , you just ... i don't even _know_ any . but thinking about people i've encountered in my life that i now can type as intps , and watching intp typed people interact on videos . that's where i get those vibes from . ... hah :D i personally am not that interested who is intelligent or not , i'm interested in what are they are bringing to the table . you can be intelligent and useless - you can be half retard and great ... the red spirit good post honestly i don't really _feel_ inferior . i know i am in some ways but i'm definitely not sad about it . it's room for improval . imagine how horrible it would be to be ... don't you feel in anyway superior to them ? i think i see them bit nerdy , and not very bodily aware . i feel like a cat with a mouse with them on physical level . but the tables are turned when it ... :D well that makes sense . i think i like them . just can't help but feel a little rapy about intps . they feel somehow so helpless in sf ways . then again they could think my brain is like a ... do isfps want to rape intps bodies and intps want to rape isfps minds ? weird is another level . if you know all the levels , there is no weird . if you understand everything , nothing is unclear . so if something is weird to you , you are an idiot : violin : yeah . but isn't it often the simple things in life : brocoli : i think it's a good philosophy to aim for being most content with the least ( diogenes ) . if i'm going to do something big , i want it to ... they think isfps are so mysterious cause they don't seem to do anything , so they are hiding so much . no . we_just_don't_do_anything . like who the fuck even does something ? what kind of crazy ... it's irony to a lot :D a bit too much people pleasing & worrying what they think of you & lack of communication skills ? not to go extremes and being horrifying dick , giving 0 of people and running them over . just speaking ... mine wouldn't be very colourful . quite simple , naturalistic , pastel colours . but somekind of deeper / double meaning on it . pictures on my profile probably describe it . first i don't see feelings all that irrational or somehow outside of data . when we lose something we are sad . when someone fucks with us we are angry . when we succeed we are happy . a lot of ... i talk if i'm energised , but that would not be very often . i'm a horrible man bc often i get a remark or observation in my mind but i'm too lazy to say it out loud . though i've learned a bit to not ... the shining is one of my favourite movies and it's a fascinating film , because it's multilayered . first time you see it you are scared but don't really comprehend what has happened . and what has ... yeah , not a movie for kids . i saw psyko 2 around the same age , didn't end well . woke up that night to the worst nightmare i've ever experienced . and the most weird , but truly terrifying . it must have ... that sounds so familiar . i would say happiness is a state of mind describes it best for me . maybe enneagram thing , but i used to worry about things and have very pessimistic mindset . probably because ... : laughing : so are these gloryholes a standard in us bathrooms , cause i've never come across a gloryhole in any bathroom in finland ? : onthego : to the question i love breaking taboos , not ... '