' half the time i feel like it's ok to still be upset with the ending of things . on the other hand , it also feels like i'm probably prolonging things by holding onto the past that doesn't exist any ... function-wise , you do sound more isfj than infp . the whole dissecting and analysis of past , present and future would certainly be more of a ti thing than a te . i really like looking to the ... i think when it comes down to the whole communication thing.for some people , understanding your past , what you're like in the present and what your dreams are for the future is all part of getting to ... duplicate post . i guess i'm not really sure how to move on from her . to accept that i'll never speak to her again and just continue with our own paths . or to try and talk to her , even though she no longer ... it wasn't the literal words . the sentence was pretty vague . honestly with you i was like the lowest point of my life . breaking up with you , i have been so much better . the fact that you didn't ... it's weird since she is probably one of the most considerate and kindest individuals i know . the issues she had with me were that i was at times quite selfish and became quite stubborn . i think she ... how do isfps come with breakups especially as a dumper ? mine ended in a really bad way . she went through a really a negative period of time and started losing her feelings for me . i decided to end ... depends whether he feels happy with finding cheap stuff . i'm quite cheap when it comes to myself but i don't think it's a low self-esteem thing . it may be just how he sees values in items . it's ... you should probably show him this . just sounds like there is a lot of pressure to succeed . i don't think people realise how often this pressure can ... this thread made me question momentarily whether slaves can be raped which was promptly answered with an immediate duh . of course they can . granted , even if people in the past might have viewed ... i think when it comes to discussion about arranged marriages . it's important to note that they aren't all the same thing as forced marriage . it's odd to think about it , but one of my uncle and ... it's not that you need to stop giving her honest advice . it's about realising when it is appropriate , and learning to deliver information in way that doesn't cause people to become defensive . it's ... most of my post below is going to come across as pretty critical . you just need to think more carefully about how words can be interpreted in different ways . why would it be lucky if the job ... for me , it was when they started replacing cartoons with live action dramas of teenagers . granted some of it was still really good . i loved watching things like bernard's watch , queens nose , fresh ... yep . i don't believe stereotypes are always harmful . i basically view them as heuristic tools for quickly making assessments and understanding our surroundings . i just don't think the whole gender ... yeah . unfortunately , these stereotypes can also continue to exist because of confirmation bias of misinterpreted information . i just see them as harmful . the whole girls and stem subjects is ... any idea that contains large quantities of contradictory information would effectively be useless , mbti is no exception to this . it's the whole reason people get into debates about the mbti theory ... i realise you mean well liz but the whole gender psychology stereotypes is just too much . it's not useful . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? the enneagram 6w5 profile seems very accurate for me , where i need a lot of reassurance that i am doing things well . as far as i ... i don't know how much you guys would identify with this , but if i could choose a position that most represents what i want , it'd be the commitee member . not quite the full blown leader , where ... second this so much . the guy sounds like a complete douche . you need to step up the boundary . i suspect that he'll just do what i might do and keep on pushing and pushing to test where the boundaries are with regards to friendship-relationship . at the moment , ... so it's possible that i might not be an isfj but an isfp instead . one thing that i've always been sort of aware of myself is a narcissistic tendency to think about who i am , what my feelings are and ... so i've been informed that i might be an isfp since i come across as having large amounts of introverted feeling . the only issue i've had with this idea is that my mental image of isfps are generally ... yeah it seems a little messed up how they are being judged upon very little . but i suspect there will be more to this than what is currently being given . ignore me post . perhaps i've become very pessimistic but i don't think love itself is enough to sustain a relationship . there has to be some element of compatibility . you can love someone and still realise that ... that does certainly sound more fi orientated than fe orientated . you've sold me . :) the whole enneagram 6 was something new to me as well . i never in the past thought to associate it with mistaking ... honestly , it doesn't really sound like you should be with her . you might love her as a person but it doesn't sound like you are romantically in love with her . it's only been 9 months and you have ... thanks ! unfortunately , nothing here really screams out one type or another . i think realistically the only thing you can do is to continue reading about the different functions and the ... the main thing about going down this path is understanding what it takes to become a psychologist . i graduated with a psychology undergraduate degree and am now pursuing my teaching postgraduate ... 11 ) you find harmony by making sure everyone is doing fine and belonging to a given group or by making sure that you follow what you believe and being yourself ? the latter . why do you value the ... this is so true . sometimes i'm never even sure myself whether i've just basically come up with some bs theory that fit the data . it starts off with trying to explain things logically - grabbing some ... if i were better at creating test , i think i'd develop it with the intention to get people to score as sensors . at the moment , i feel like more people that are uncertain are likely to score ... just been watching an episode of a new anime that was recently realised and it's been super interesting reading all the comments that have been posted under the video section . death parade episode ... fi would be capable of doing this . at the same time , it's also possible for it not to do this . it's completely dependent on the individual's self-awareness of their emotional moods . i find that ... think it'd be best to ease the parents into the view of bisexuality by discussing this sort of stuff . granted , conversations are kind of awkward so it might be easier to observe their reaction by ... cross posting this . just curious how other sensors here find this test in terms of accuracy for themselves . ... just cross posting this for other sensors to do . how well do you find this test is able to capture your type ? isfj . ... just curious how other sensors find this test in general . my main concern would be how sensors would normally react to this questionnaire . while i don't think there would be too much issue with it typing people who identify as ns ( especially those on ... that website is also the website who suggests all n are more intelligent than s . it is utterly convinced in its logic . i wouldnt give it too much credit . just thought i'd throw this piece of information in . i need to purchase the whole book eventually at one point to read . dario nardi's neuroscience of personality si types : brain activity ... think it ultimately comes down to the fact that i don't feel that the description has captured everything that i experience within , therefore i'm trying to explain it in more depth . i spent a lot ... guess it might be a semantic and interpretation issue . it comes down to whether you consider abstract reality to be a concept or not ? for me , the internal world of a si user is represented by ... reading the information provided . i felt compelled to search up the terms of visual perception and visual processing . i would argue that the perceiving functions are already at the information ... without reading the spoilers . i would have originally given the basic description of se being that it captures reality utilising external stimuli ( playing with the idea of extroverted sensation ) ... i do agree with the idea of mixing thoughts and feelings with the physical sensations within ( surprise , confusion , anger ) would make something concrete . granted , it just makes me think that most ... i don't really think it is possible through will power alone . i don't think it's impossible however given that brain damage often results in very different types of personality depending on the ... '