' this is mean and probably not in the 4 behaviour . i feel like a dick because typically 4s are pretty damn empathetic . anyways , too often i find that if the conversation is not about me or something ... what do think of them ? boring ? intriguing ? personally , i get chills . our museum here is pretty basic , but i love the planetarium we have . when the titanic exhibit came to the city , i was in ... i had the coolest dream . i was in this large old home with my old sorority sisters . there was a third floor that no one has been to . so we tried to find stairs . we realized that there was a secret ... woke up feeling like absolute shit . i hate making mistakes at work . memory + multitasking doesn't work . i end up feeling down about myself , anxious and self-conscious . i've lost almost all ability to math more of the complex equations ... most people in my life mainly text , so i don't have much issue . when my mom calls , i normally will put the phone on speaker so i do other things . i tend to drift into my own mind if the conversation ... what is your experience with it ? any tips to overcome it ? home ? work ? 711730 the night before work , i am always anxious and can't fall asleep . i'm not sure why . i have been dreaming about the past . old houses , roommates , boyfriends , university . the dreams are full of ... i know how to paint evil or even hell . if i was some pretentious well-known painter , i could probably get away with it ... if no one has thought of it already . people would be like ' whoa that's deep ' ... the carpet / wall colour is my favourite colour . i am unsure what it is called so i just call it dark teal . i am trying to find ways to show who i am at work . i feel this natural pull to express myself through my clothes . they have these black smocks they get us to wear . they are similar to health care aid ... if anyone is looking for a good melancholic playlist here is mine to share : my iphone background is this : 711146 i love my job . hate answering phones and calling people . it is so true what they say about introverts and phone phobia . it interrupts you and always need to prepare what i am going to say before ... my evenings after work have consisted of smoking a bit of my cannabis and high cbd oil while watching neil degrass tyson on netflix . reallly appreciate the universe when you have a slight high and ... more proof that felix is an intp : i am so tired of this hot weather . 28 ' 0 celsius today . sad that we don't appreciate the stars , sun and moon . kind of forget they are even there - just assume that they will remain the same . it's funny , i am surrounded by 6s . both my parents are and two of my friends from highschool who married are also . kind of funny how i see similarities in each group and individuals . i remember ... anyone else hate the sound of aluminium foil i don't have a dream guy . just some things that i find attractive : dark hair on the shorter side ( doesn't have to be dark ) piercings ( in moderation and not a must ) tattoos ( in moderation and not ... when i talk on the phone with my mom , sometimes she likes to tell me about other people's problems who i have never met and never will . person 1 told me that she was hurt , because person 1 was told ... i smoked the 1:1 ( cbd and thc ratios are the same ) i had on my break at work and got a little high . which is rare cus the cbd counteracts with the psychoactive effects of the thc . but i guess i ... i like how the biggest youtuber in the world is an introvert . had a dream that i was pregnant . i was considering calling him alex . no one treated me as if i was pregnant , like being gentle with me . where do squirrels go at night time ? i know that holes in a tree trunk is what is usually depicted . but that's a lot of squirrels per holes . my mom told me that i was a quiet baby and barely cried . what i recall from a few memories as a child was that i was curious , imaginative and had a one very close friend at age 5 , and was naive - some ... ask your parents / siblings ? how was your temperament as a baby to about 2 years old ? were you active , quiet , cried often , happy go lucky , fussy , wanting to make friends ? i am curious to know if the introvert / extrovert began as ... confession : i post things on facebook that i know will most likely not get replies or likes to , or even be read . i think it makes me out to seem like i am a loner , and obvious that no one cares about ... past few dreams i had , whatever the dream was originally about , it always ends up that i am in a bathroom . either at a friend's place , at my old school , a shopping center . i am taking a shower or ... i messaged a guy on a dating site earlier this month . a complete introvert that appears to have some things in common . he messaged me back . i am 98 % sure that he is an infp . into gaming , art , ... yeah anything to do with change , like switching jobs to buying clothes / shopping . some grocery stores , i know i am being followed or watched by security , cus i have a hard time choosing and it looks ... have had a bad craving for chocolate for the past few days . currently eating chocolate chips from a bag ^ . ^ came across this while reading his book . it's genius and very applicable to our type as creative and deep people . the relationship between creativity and death . by existentialist rollo may : ... i watched shutter island the other night . apparently it came out in 2010 . how did i not hear about ? ! great psychological thriller with leo dicaprio in it ! even tho i know the ending , i would still ... been a few days since i have been on here . work is going pretty good . still in learning mode , but getting there . co-workers are very friendly . it'll be a busy week weds and thursday , the clinic is ... on netflix looking for a happy movie . just something chill and enjoyable . recommendations are welcome saw the dr and am now approved for medicinal cannabis . received my legal card today and picked the licensed producer to register with . buying in a few weeks . let's hope that cbd will prove beneficial ... i could really go for a rainy day . just a drizzling would be nice . it would be a good day for a cardigan and tea :) people from that intuitive meet up group are messaging me thru the app . i am planning to go to the next one in sept , but i really don't want to have any connection with them outside of the meet up ... in my dream , i found myself struggling to fall asleep and relax . i was at the dinner table with my dad and little brother . i found out that my brother was taking nabilon ( a med that contains a ... pretty sure i am going to be exhausted later on today . had a migraine before sleeping , finally went away , starting my new job today which is causing my mind to go a mile a minute . melatonin was ... i've never really paid much attention to the last letter and the difference between p / j . ever the words intuitive vs perceptive seem to be very similar in definition . yeah i suppose you are right about grasping it . for me , i would never use a term seriously ( even for communal purposes ) that has such a terrible history - unless to weaken it with humour . though given ... some car outside my house is blasting hip hop . i don't care what ethnic group you belong to , music with the n * * * word is really not necessary . it seems like hip hop loves to throw it in because ... i don't know where you live but this is the website : meet the new meetup | meetup the premise is for people who have the same interests to get together went to a meet up tonight . it was for myers briggs intuitive types . i was the only infp there . lots of infjs , an enfp and an intp and intj and a few extroverts . definitely quiet at first . i was ... i feel like i complain and vent way too much on here . i think it's becoming obnoxious . i think maybe i should take a few days off the site . probably do me some good . focus on other things . i've been more honest to my mom about my struggles with work and finding meaning . even though i doubt she understands , i express myself . i've noticed that her anxiety increases , she tries to blame me ... '