' everyone here . everyone here . i would like my name to be changed to ... old man aragorn   is there an istp discord chat ? lol ok . not a big deal . idk what i'm talking about i'm not an expert on personality types . rogue one my thoughts :  idk it's fiction .  feminists yes all istps are trash talkers , super competitive , obsessed with the years 1984 & 1988 , wear black shoes , look down on everyone , and we all stick our tongues out at people . ... same here i refuse to backdown from what i say . recognize when you're about to be impatient and try to be polite . just think before you speak try to keep a cool temper . but personally i don't care about hurting people's feelings i don't see the point in wasting my time doing something that'd lower my lifespan . i like being in full control of myself . omg they put the wheels on da door an rode around for 20 minutes . 11/10   that's why i like the enneagrams . it's kinda like a add-on to your mbti . i don't think so for physical fights but i personally start a lot of fights on internet forums : laughing : i would think estps would be more into physical fights . i'm too quiet and non social to have ... lol that brought me back to around 2005 6.7 / 10 wtf was that test ? why did i need to download it . that's some sketchy shit . just go to 16personalities.com idk i can't detect emotions through a story like that . i can barely understand my own emotions . i'm not the love doctor but i'll tell you istps aren't likely to turn away a potential sex partner so ... no but to be fair i'm still young . i have many paths or tasks open to me right now . the only time i get depressed is when i'm stressed out and stuck in a bad situation . they should just make bond movies rated r from now on . maybe for j types that'd keep them happy but i'm a procrastinator and i go with the flow . i like to have the freedom of doing different tasks whenever i feel like it . i think the to live a happy life ... i hate when i'm trying to be a bad ass over text and then i miss spell something . usually when i do something similarly insensitive i regret it later and feel bad for a minute but then i ignore it because i can't change the past and i'll do better next time . but if that kind of ... i just can't believe how fast these guys play . i think this thread is just what is barathrum listening to ? if the computer is specially made to make electronic music then i guess you could say it's a musical instrument . but regular computers aren't . it's not built to specifically make electronic music . ... that's what you'd classify a musical instrument being . in principle , any object that produces sound can be a musical instrument — it is through purpose that the object becomes a musical instrument ... no a computer is not a instrument because it was not built for the soul purpose of creating music . if you were following the argument you would know that i did not say that the whole genre was crap ... i should've specified better . things shouldn't sound that different in a sub genre . everything in a sub genre should sound pretty similar . there shouldn't be a slow song in the thrash metal sub ... i really don't think those songs fit into those sub genres . you can look at a genre like metal and say they all basically sound the same but the thing that differs them is style , speed , and tone but ... yeah i don't care about classical inspired electronic music because that's not what i'm arguing about . yeah i know what he was talking about he just didn't know what i was talking about . those two sub genres are bad . i don't think the songs you suggested sounded like trap or dubstep . ok well you should've read my other comments and i stated some of it in my first comment . i'm complaining about 2 sub genres maybe 3 that are dubstep and trap maybe edm which are completely garbage ... that turned my computer gay . enfp : obnoxious , narcissistic , and controlling . i'm pretty sure all dubstep and trap sound like that . i'm trying to say just those two sub genres are terrible not the whole electronic music spectrum . i've been trying to be careful on what i'm calling garbage . i'm calling trap and dubstep garbage . the things that sound like that . ^ i'm sure there's some good electronic music out there but i'm ... why would i educate myself on garbage . that doesn't interest me . yea you could bow under the bridge of a violin and call it a song . not all songs are good . those two songs are also music and have ... the process i go through when listening to edm / dubstep / trap ( garbage )  '