' just because we are still stuck with our monkey instincts that cause us to do all kinds of bad shit , doesn't mean we're stuck in circles . you can't chose to only look at the bad sides . the internet ... if technology is improving over time , i have hard to see how we as humans are going in circles . how is technology separate from us ? it is a part of us , a product of the human imagination . without ... is there really going on a discussion in here about which type is the best ? well this is bad about the intp . bla bla you don't understand anything oh really ? but what about the intj ? i don't see ... you can do whatever you want . your mind will only limit you as much as you allow it too . you really do create your own reality . it's a shame that not more people realize this . if you want life to ... work or not . in general i just do what i can do avoid most people . they just steal your energy , you know . my girlfriend is the only person i meet . the rest i try to avoid as if they were satan ... they are biological machines that has behaviors formed from evolution and some part from culture . if society fell apart though , most cultural and moral values would fall apart , and after a week you ... well , i dropped out of school before high school , and i am doing well and has been doing so for many years . so don't feel too bad ! you won't become wiser from going to university either for that ... crush your enemies , see them driven before you and to hear the lamentation of their women . maryland ... obviously incorrect though . the obvious choice would be colorado , washington or possibly california . grace slick from jefferson airplane and jane duboc from bacamarte .  haha indeed . would be easier to join nearest martial arts club though . training some bjj or mma will make you more confident in yourself and you won't really give a fuck if somebody is being a ... why ? what will you gain from that ? you only waste your own energy on them and they win . nobody will walk all over you if you simply treat them nice and destroy them with logic . i'm not sure if ... well that it very nice of you and shows you have a kind heart . always nice to see that . and if your faith helps you become that better person , more power to you . in my humble opinion though , that ... of course it can parallel history ... just because it does that doesn't mean everything in it is true or has been translated correctly . i never said every single thing could be translated wrong . i ... i don't think i said it was heavily debated , but that the debate was there . and that should be enough to show that there can't be 100 % certainty about what is being said . and i was also not only ... october 2014 can't come soon enough . if this actually happens i promise i will read the bible harder than any person has before . how come you can't post it openly , lol ? but sure , go ahead . just tell me what will happen in a year from now instead , nit picking lose interpretations after it happened isn't good enough . so what will happen in the coming 365 days iiis ? you can expand the ... wow that's both insulting and having preconceived notions . and you thinking you are intellectually superior again not capable of this kind of logic . peace between israel and palestine ? ... bible translations - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia once again , there is that subjectivity . he losing his position at the university and the publisher apologizing just further proves how powerful mobs can be in causing hysteria . notice how it was the ... you are the one being subjective and decide that it's comical and he's a nut . that's exactly what i said , they are being ridiculed by the community and are scared to come out and question it in ... i actually don't fart because i never feel the need to . probably something wrong with me ... doesn't seem to produce gas , lol . but in general , whenever you want . right away . it's not good for you ... problem is they automatically get labeled as non-reputable when they question it . so there is a great fear within the community of doing so . we see this in john allegro as i mentioned earlier in the ... i didn't . i said it is very possible that it is misinterpreted and that you don't know that it is or not is either . and it is always the one with the claim that the burden of proof is upon . the ... new age doctrine ? what are you talking about ? i have said numerous times i don't believe in anything . i know nothing . nobody knows anything . contradicts it ? does something have to contradict ... quoting the bible is cute , but it doesn't prove scientific fact to be wrong . no . something can be translated , but it doesn't mean it's correctly translated . that's why scholars are making ... yes , our culture is sad and dumb . wut ? i don't think the question is having a right to anything . it's like this , treat everybody as good as you can . even if they are a fucking douche , treat them as good as you can , or just ... religious people are less intelligent than atheists , according to analysis of scores of scientific studies stretching back over decades - science - news - the independent yes , they have been translated . but how do you know the translation is correct ? yes , ancient hebrew . it's absolutely not the hebrew that is being spoken today . there is a reason we have scholars trying to interpret it . i don't see why you would think i have a lot anger . but that is a common mistake people make about me on the internet . they think i am mad because i just speak my mind and say fucking a lot ... yes , i am a disinfo agent . i don't and i won't . i really don't care what you believe . and i didn't say follow youtube . i said follow yourself . think . even though following youtube would be far ... may your sword stay wet like a young girl in her prime - manowar exactly , you can abuse anything . it still hardly makes you an expert on drugs and if they are a form of possession . that is nothing but your own opinions . didn't find it on that islam site . but i also said i didn't have time at the moment to look for better sources . masoretic text - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia masoretic text vs . original ... because such a thing would be very hard . the bible today is not translated from hebrew . since i need to leave for a while now , i will just quote this , and come back later to add more if needed . ... of course it can ... but then it's because if you , not a chemical . it doesn't control or posses you . you simply abused it . but if they raped and killing and then accepted god vs lived a good life and loved people while not accepting god ? one type of person might inflict pain on others without actually enjoying it , ... i don't have any presumptions at all . it was a result of you writing at least temporarily . the i simply pointed out that it is very much possible to reach it permanently . i think you are the one ... you need to act a bit more mature and not act like a kid / douchebag . it will only bring more negativity . spreading your bad feelings within you onto others won't make things better . but sure , i will ... well , that is just even more retarded and evil . god is evil , then . kill whoever you want and rape all kids ... as long as you accept me . if you blaspheme me however , i shall send you to eternal ... what does marijuana breeding have to do with the effects of marijuana at all ? it doesn't make you even a slight expert on the area . it's like building cars and claiming you are a world champion at ... there is no truth . do you have the truth ? why should people believe that ? what truth have you obtained through prayer and what makes it more true than truth through other forms of transcendence ? ... ok . so he'sa douche , then . no matter what a person would have done . if they had murdered 5000 people and enjoyed every second of it , while wearing pentagrams around their neck and praying to lucifer ... equals marijuana and lsd to murder . where you in the production team of reefer madness by any chance ? this is not possession you experienced man . it's called deep paranoia , and you probably had some ... what does it take to go to hell then ? this is a very interesting question to me . i still don't see how a phone conversation or whatever , would make any difference . unless of course , you know you ... no , you can reach enlightenment permanently through psychedelics , which is scientifically proven ( in the sense it expands your open mindedness , creativity and so on ) . i am not sure if there is ... why can't you explain it here if it's so simple ? yeah , it does not exist yet , because i have a choice . but if i make the wrong choices , it will exist , right ? i was talking about intellectual superiority . and there really isn't any doctrine at all . can't you see it is the opposite ? what i am saying is don't trust anyone , think for yourself . which means ... '