' too true : the old world will burn in the fires of industry . forests will fall . a new order will rise . we will drive the machine of war with the sword and the spear and the iron fist of the orc . ... actually , now that i think about it - - will is a j . the only ' p ' thing he ever really does is chase after elizabeth , and that was an exceptional circumstance . everything else about him - his sense ... the thing about will is that his personality changes tremendously between the first and third films . for curse of the black pearl , i agree with isfp , but afterwards he becomes much more of a leader ... i don't understand ... the three musketeers - - i'm the first to admit that it's just a stupid summer blockbuster , but i still think it's entertaining , in a ridiculous sort of way . if americans are so out-of-control and short-sighted enough to make themselves obese en masse , then they deserve to be restricted by legislation like the soda ban in nyc . i usually drink earl grey and black too , but i usually spice up the black . for an herbal-like black tea , try adding fresh mint leaves ( spearmint , not peppermint ) and sugar , or dried sage and honey ... i would characterize evanescence ( and its listeners ) as more infp . i haven't listened to breaking benjamin in a while , but it could be isfp or infj . also , most pop singers / band personas are just ... how can you use that definition of a jack and not include cpt . jack sparrow ? : laughing : i like this idea - songwriters as authors . for me , it's amy lee . ' actual ' authors include : sharon creech , when i was younger . i wanted to be her characters . j . r . r . tolkien , because his works are ... be without fear in the face of your enemies . be brave and upright that god may love thee . speak the truth , even if it leads to your death . safeguard the helpless , and do no wrong . that is your ... i love you . i need you . you mean everything to me . i thought you might like this . ( someone having given me a thoughtful , spontaneous gift ) let's go hang out in a bookstore . want some ... yes , i can see infp for mark , too . jill could be an i , but s strikes me as more accurate because she's so focused on her immediate surroundings , the tiniest details of everyone's lives , etc . hello . welcome to the forums :p roud : middle earth , without question . specifically lothlorien , or mirkwood once it became greenwood again . i also love the wow world . it's pretty cliche , but so freaking epic - not to mention the fact ... i used to watch this show often , but i never really considered what the characters ' personality types might be . these are my best guesses : tim - esxp jill - esfj al - isfj wilson - intp brad - ... my only impression of him comes from the characters he portrays and maybe one or two interviews , and he always seems to be / play the extrovert . granted , i haven't followed him very closely , but how ... infp seems slightly off for leonard ; it just doesn't fit . i agree with the f , but isfp or isfj seems more likely . tea , and some homemade vegan bread like raw meat , i imagine , although it probably varies depending on which part of the interior you're smelling . i had the same reaction as most of the above . wanted to find out what the hype was about , read the first chapter , found out the writing was atrocious and the plot lame and predictable . i've read much ... i agree with frodo , but gandalf is generally typed in the intp / intj realm . my mother's an istj - i know how difficult that can be . i think , fundamentally , istjs ( at least the ones i know ) have difficulty expressing their own feelings or telling others what they need to feel ... enfp sounds right to me as well . granted , i haven't seen much of him since lotr , but from the interviews and behind-the-scenes footage of him , he seemed very outgoing , fun-loving , charming , etc - the ... also , erin morgenstern's the night circus it's arabic . intp's pretty accurate anyway , since i can't determine whether i'm t or f . your avatar looks pretty enfp to me . hello , infpetey . good to have you . just saw it a few days ago - fantastic ! ( and it takes a lot to get an exclamation point out of me ) though i never expected to like thorin so much ... no . no , you didn't . i would say the first sign is that they show more emotion than they normally do . if they're ints , then once they open up at all it's probably a good sign that they like you . i prefer silver ... ha . i'll do it for you : there is a possibility that the person to post after me will wake up in a locked chest full of spiders . spot-on . this is why he's my favorite - good description . potatoes only have eyes . pretty sure there are no mouths on them with which to say anything ... inxp snape , luna ( and harry , in the books and earlier movies ) yes , but some people win more than others . this made me laugh . i can't see it for an extra week though - need to wait until finals are over . i think you're wrong . how to read a book - 1940 edition - mortimer j . adler yes , conditionally . only from people i already know and really like / love . otherwise , i hate people touching me . nice username - now i'm picturing you as liam neeson . my posts tend to be short and to-the-point , not because i can't elaborate , but usually because i don't have the time or inclination to write out extremely long answers . drinking peanut butter hot chocolate right now . possible - just had a big snowfall yesterday , and i have to go our on the roads in a while ... procrastinating from writing a final paper before the semester ends . debating if i want to work out today or not . fatima . 19 - i'm a muslim too ( see avatar ) , though more inxp than infp . i find a lot of beauty in islam - the simplicity and elegance of its basic tenets , its message of equality , soaring nature ... whoops , double post that's possible : your infj description fits me pretty well . i'll look into it - thanks . i don't know if mixing types is possible , but i've felt like some sort of infp / intp hybrid for a long time . i originally thought i was intp , but i realized i'm much more fantasy-focused than ... '