' one crucial quality - on top of the list tied with religion - is a strong capability for empathy . ideally , sympathy would follow . apart from that : kind , caring , good with kids , lighthearted , humble , ... good read . especially the last part to which i can definitely relate . inappropriate choice of words . i didn't at all intend to call myself dead weight - simply refer to the fact that ... thank you for your insight . you're right that i'm somewhat reliant on external validation . luckily , i'm light-years of ahead of how i used to be in that area . i've pretty much abandoned the idea ... thank you all for your replies . merely articulating this thread was therapeutic to me . thank you for sharing the detailed story . i can definitely relate to your istj friend , although it seems ... hi there ! long time no see . i've got something on my mind . to give a brief intro to my background , ix92ve had to deal with loneliness for a large part of my childhood , teens and early adulthood ... you need to define creative . if you say computer programming is hardly creative ( by the broad definition of creating something new and valuable ) , you either speak from ignorance or have a very narrow ... depends how you define computer programming . in its most condensed form , you're a mere code monkey that basically writes what you're told to . if you're simply implementing a design that's been ... i think this is a general problem , so i was thinking about posting it in a more general forum category , but i believe that the odds of understanding are larger with my fellow istjs : happy : please ... you're bored . if you're looking to confuse people , you're being successful . if you're looking for any input besides the obvious , i'm afraid you won't find it here . i agree with - yoshi that creativity takes practice . the most important part is starting and pushing yourself through it , cause it will not necessarily feel fruitful or comfortable - at ... nope , experience tells me i can conquer anything if i put my mind to it . in the right mindset i'll learn a lot at a quite fast rate , but unfortunately , i only get into this mindset right before ... actually just had a conversation about this very subject with my mother the other day . she's an istj as well . you are very right that it's important , and sadly , it doesn't get the attention it ... man , you remind me of the good ol ' days , where i was an active member of gaming communities . my guess is that you aren't far off . i don't know whether you're trolling or not , but you deserve bashing regardlessly . you start out by saying the intention of this thread is not to offend anyone ... and you proceed with a listing ... for quite some time now , my favorite's been eternal sunshine of the spotless mind . it's an awesome movie all over . when browsing the other forums on perc . the prejudice of others is something you can't control . if you can't control it , you shouldn't let it bother you , but labelling always has an effect - if even ... no , immature people do . that's a limited view on ethos , and attributing the significance of ethos to sensing makes little sense . in rhetorics , ethos is an attribute determined by the audience , not the speaker . aristotele ... running / exercising improves my mood significantly , and being in a good mood naturally makes me more approachable and talkative . endorphins may be the reason . answering from a personal perspective . it's better to be confident because it makes hurdles in life seem much more approachable . knowing things have worked out in the past strengthens my belief ... thank you for your input ! oh , i probably should've been more elaborate in my last point . i'd like to add that i'm very much the get-into-action kind of person , and spending too much time ... hio ! i've scored istj in most of the tests i've taken , but i'm a little unsure about the j / p , as i don't fit the istj stereotype on several aspects . besides , from the tests it looks like my ... such a cheesy analogy . oprah winfreycouldbeatupmichael jacksonany time.ikind ofwonderhowfarthisgoes :-) when i'm at work , i usually become very focused on whatever task at hand . i talk less and care less about the world around me . if interrupted by humour or irrelevant chatting at this point , i can't ... i would say that : wink : on topic : i'm genuinely sorry that i daydream at work when i'm with all you wonderful people . i just really feel the need to snap out of reality and place my head in the ... i hate nothing about myself . all i see is weaknesses that i either accept or can overcome through effort . hate is a very strong word - no one should ever hate themselves . largely agree with . personality type , of course , has nothing to do with it : wink : it depends on the context . if you genuinely want my input - and not just my view to reinforce your own ... whether it makes sense to write in a less correct manner really depends on the purpose of your message . for example , if you wish to communicate academically , you have to meet the academic standard ... my danish grammar is excellent , my english less so . always had a sense for spelling and language in general . i follow a few rules in danish that've been shoved down my throat during primary school , ... my humour is very situational . classical jokes rarely get me laughing for real . what cracks me up the most are mostly misunderstood situations in which the partakers didn't see it coming . not really ... i mean that people put too much attention on the emotional part , getting a kick from the music and the environment itself . there's nothing wrong with worship , emotions and music in its essence , but ... you mention that you enjoy worship . so do i , but it's not the main emphasis in the place i go to . the main danger of many pentecostal churches is emotionalism - that part of the church service ... what do you see ? a young gentleman . would you want to be friends with this person ( aka yourself ) ? yeah , if i had great taste . if i'm the 3rd person , i sure have great taste and can thus derive a ... this can really be solved in two easy steps : buy an amplifier and a nice set of stereo speakers . blast the building listening to justin bieber ( or , perhaps , just your favorite music ) . ... dafuq . if your only issue is of a minor detail as such shown in the picture , you really have nothing to complain about - and the problem isn't your nose , as many others have said . i have seen lots ... i don't know of any such site , and you haven't listed many requirements . i presume putting your entries into categories would be nice - am i right ? on that basis i'd recommend microsoft excel if ... persian : can you read my reply again ? no matter how hard you want it to stop , posting how bad a person he is is not going to help an investigation . are you aiming to help the victim or target the ... i understand this is a quite serious issue - and i believe what you're saying - but you haven't given much information . i sincerely hope you have more information on him and / or some kind of proof for ... as for software development , i need a clear idea of the end result , or i'll never get started . if i have an idea , i first make sure that it's realistic to fulfill . once all of that is in place , i ... i am in no position to give professional , psychological advice , but i can speak a bit from experience . throughout school i have often been an odd one out . while not completely incapable of social ... you mention that you fear strangers will make fun of you . maybe they will , maybe they won't . the truth is that some people will be demeaning to you - regardless of your position , your attitude , your ... it's half full . pessimism generally pisses me off , because it never contributes to a situation in a positive way . i'm all about the benefit of attitude and actions , and pessimism is not ... i'd be impressed if she did , because with my unapprochability , it takes determination . i would probably accept , but it also depends on the person and the situation . worked for 3 years as a technical consultant and currently studying for a bsc in software development . i have always had a strong flair for technical constructions and a good analytical approach ... that every relationship should be long-term effective is the ideal condition , and of course it is not always possible . however , it is not impossible to start every relationship with this intend and ... i think i've answered this in some thread a long time ago , but i believe my opinion hasn't changed one bit . i still believe both are a bad thing and the potential loss far outweighs the momentary ... in fact , i tend to get easily distracted as well - if the information i'm reading doesn't interest me . if i can't spot the actual relevance of the stuff i'm reading , it always takes effort to stick ... i'm not in a relationship , but i'm generally against using the phrase i love you too early . love is so much more than just being in love and in a relationship with someone - it's caring naturally ... haha , i see what you mean . i find it unnecessary to ask for a lot of irrelevant details when there's one thing i need to know , but at the same time i do realize that this isn't well received for some ... i don't believe it's either right to completely give up on what works for yourself or live your life for your own good completely . in my case , i think what will bring me contentment is once i ... '