' ya , i'm in the same place for weeks now :( president called talked hung up you know , i studied theatrical sciences , performance studies , name it what you want , its really more a hybrid of literature science , sociology , cultural studies and philosophy . we occupied ourselves ... there was a philosopher in the 1930s , salomo friedlaender , also occupied at university , he called his colleauges the akadaemlichen :P derived from akademie ( academy ) and daemlich ( stupid ) . reading ... i certainly was douchebag for most of the time there :/ so lucky i got out of there , albeit without a degree . i'm 43 now , i had one girl friend and that was an online relationship last year , please try not thinking little of that . i dunno , i'm not ugly or something nor super shy either . anyways 26 years of ... i found a new personality test but i can't find the thread with those collected tests anymore . someone please put it ther for me , thx * attn infps * the 24 types of infp i had the same approach towards james joyce's ulysses , but looking back , it is form over content and that makes it crap . that godawful quiet / alone / not-much-socializing / troubled connection ... buy a copy of please understand me ii or print some infp description from the web and give it to her . it's her own fault ... hey , i will be in los angeles mid-september / late-october , any infp here who want's to meet , pm me . would be cool ! ! ! i just reached my limits . i am not suicidal , neither people nor circumstances can get me down as much , that i would end myself , ever , but if you show me an equivalent to suicide , please , be my guest , ... 87 views . 1 reply . :D  ...   i hate this shit ! anyone seems to have a least some talent to get a girl attracted to him , i got no clue . the most annoying thing is you gotta convince someone about you . and really , i hate that it ... one thought remains though , actually two . being in love vs . being ready to be in a relationship . he loves you enough , he should throw himself into this sword that are his fears . he must be reminded , ... my best friend has ataxia , in effect he has bad coordination , especially walking and at times has problems concentrating , but not that often really . he is 30 , i am 43 and sometimes i see him as a ... antqueen careful , careful , careful , this worth it sounds like a conscious value judgement , i very much doubt that's the case here . comfort zone makes sense , but then you must understand how ... i'm infp and i would never do that , i would feel going behind your back and breaching our understanding of trust . i need to talk to someone about me and a prospective partner , it would be with ... my older estj sister ... i am starting to wonder ... my father most certainly has npd ... perhaps i should start a thread about this . but even pondering the issue if my sister is a narcissist too , is ... i save the 2 billion people , after that , i'll go after chuck norris ! you are most similar to phil dunphy : phil is the husband of clair dunphy , and father of their children haley , alex , and luke . phil is somewhat passive , often letting people take advantage of him ... not a fond memory , really . i'm this 15 year old loner kid on some classmates party . it's a summer's night , some of us are scattered outside , i keep to myself . never liked parties , makes me feel i ... nope . psychological disorders don't apply to infps as they might to other people . think about it ! under the dome , stargate universe , far cry 3 :P be more realistic ! yuk ! ! ! 22 signs your dog's an introvert : it sounds pretty much like your dad has some kind of problems or issues of his own going on , the withdrawal thing at the grill you mentioned , you didn't put that into relation of what you ... indeed . makes me wonder how authentic he is in the first place ' bout being drunk ;) i smell evil . real evil ! :D :D :D it's because you're addicted to coffee ... i feel , the western dinstinction of mind and body is bogus as much as the distinction between sex and union , on all levels . both views degrade your whole self to mere mechanics and that degrading ... if this was anywhere but here , i'd say , gee , he thinks so lowly of me , he obviously believes i need validating :D :D :D joking ! thanks , bro , cheers ! ! ! :) i'd like to rephrase that : if i like you , i'll talk to you . maybe . if i'm not busy daydreaming . :P just to clarify , when i wrote you that was shouting into an imaginary crowd - and into my older sisters estj face , lol :D i don't feel like there are thugs here , but some of the op's opinions can ... that's why this is a conversation , not an article :P i can see how i can come across that way , but only to people who don't fathom my infpness . you pressure me into being social , i withdraw ... like this ? ( fallout 3 ) i've gotten further into sons of anarchy and i must say the ease these characters have to kill people has become obnoxious . it's time for some fucking consequences ! i still sympathize , but i have no ... ah , but i would say getting carried away and immersed , not really registering the outside world is very good , how could that be judged as something bad ? from a perspective of mental health , there is ... 10 . reality just hasn't adapted to that yet ... and it can completely take over your life . i mean , if i write on something that takes me days , weeks , months or years even , it's not really living a life . like , say , i am not at my table writing and ... i write fiction . time assumes different qualities . i usually start writing from a kernel idea and while writing and concentrating on the words , i recognize forward , that's really the only way i can ... no matter what came out of these two events , you'd expect they have a long lasting effect , but nothing ever changes . can't we just do this in google plus ? ! i want this ! watching the third season of sons of anarchy right now and saw this episode were the young hispanic caretaker of the females main actress ' father gets killed by her . yes , it was sorta an accident , ... '