' she does not build the fortresses or touch the farthest moon she does not climb the ladder , nor hold the silver spoon she does not make the history ... it was long distance . and our communication has been almost exclusively online . i also have an anxiety disorder that makes talking on the phone complicated to say the least . : t owlish winds take what is not theirs , what is not mine . . i pen this to you , throw it up for owl's feet wonder if you'll stop calling . alone on the weekends i'll be trying this ! thanks for the link . in your experience , which is worse : breaking up with someone or being broken up with ? i just had to send out a breakup letter and i feel like the literal scum of the earth , i'm dreading the reply ... prufrock is a poem that screams infp to me . i could be conflating that with the social anxiety parts of the poem but the two have been interchangeable in my experiences so * shrug * ~ your milage my ... inspirationally constipated . > : i this year i am going to keep and even keel . i am going to maintain . i am going to tell as few lies as i feel i can . i will try to procrastinate less . i will not over think my relationships . i will ... music helps to ground me when i'm feeling helpless and my emotions feel like an angry ocean tossing me about . it brings meaning into the chaos and gives me something to focus on that isn't inside my ... this playlist is what i've been listening to on repeat for a few days . feel insane tonight . sleep has been the enemy for almost 2 years now . it's 4am and i'm feeling needy and awful . i hate it , i think about all of my mistakes this time of night if i try to sleep . so i spend all this time ... i've done it for the last 3 years and won it the last 2 ! it's always fun but i get the feeling i'm going to be regretting it big time this year with all of the essays i'll have due this month for my ... goddamn minecraft mods it gets better . some friends of mine were postings funny gifs in a skype chat when one of them suddenly posted one of a girl getting raped saying omg this is so bad . only they didn't really realized that it was ... my life has somehow become a hilarious romanic comedy where three different people are vying for my attentions and i'm left in a bleary haze of how . what even . why . only when you're the main ... need to shower . there is an istj in my life who definitely is more private than even i tend to be . ( much to the frustration of myself and other nf buddies ) early on in our relationship i would count any bits of more ... jesus christ why did you stay up so late . surely exploring an abandoned mine in minecraft with some boy you haven't seen in two years did not require 7 hour of your time . jesus f-ing christ whhy what ... i agree with the poster above me , she'll start giving you signals if she's uncomfortable or feels rushed . just keep an eye open for them ! personally , i get worn out by most people and will start to ... i've heard time and time again that enfjs are a good counterpart but i think it can really just depend on an individual level . so far the person i've gotten along the best with in life is an istj ! i ... thank you ! :D i am the one holding up a world of insecurities . still feeling good today . got some shopping to do tomorrow ! gifts to buy . : b the dust has settled and i'm finally seeing things plainly . i'm so , so fortunate . hey , stick around . i think i'm the wrong person to ask what this offers someone since i personally didn't feel it strike a chord . so i guess if anyone would like to share who was moved by it i would love to hear ! ans ... i think we might actually saying similar things . i don't believe there's one overreaching meaning to life and while this video might have been cathartic to some and greatly useful to some , it isn't ... not to go and drop the what is the meaning of life ? ? question , but i would argue that facing hardships is a big part of life . because you either face them , or you don't . bad things happen ! bad ... i can see the flickers over me the lanterns raised lift me up , lift me over it show me what you're hiding take me out into the sea lift me up ( i ... while we're all stating personal opinions i honestly think any one who boils down suicide to weak character is woefully misinformed and by extension of this opinion , kind of a jerk ! : b 1 . doesn't ... did i sleepwalk ? ? ? > _ > aw yeeer . b ) kind of off topic but this made me think about the sharp binary the two dominate / popular parties in the us seem to run off and the ways that might be detrimental or positive . i think it's ... well let's put it this way , i can't think of any conservative ideals i'd be quick to agree with . i believe that sort of outlook on life consistently screws over minorities and isn't even in the ... countdown , still good . fuzzy good has turned into helplessly pleased with my life . i'm buzzing off of it for no good reason so i know it's got to be artificial . it's got to come crashing down in at least a week , it'll send ... i like to turn this one up and feel it in my chest cavity . my confession is that , for the forceable future , i'm going to continue letting myself be terribly , terribly selfish . and i don't feel half as bad about it as i ought to . :) not enough time . : t in the upswing after a low . everything is just so fantastically perfect . it makes me feel centered to watch other people on the street from like a window because i can imagine the lives they have . each and every person a protagonist in their own story and an extra in a ... lucky ? damn straight . jesus christ , that's a pretty face the kind you'd find on someone i could save if they don't put me away well , it'll be a miracle i would propose that the concept of this poll is sort of flawed because there is to much overlap between the options . your socioeconomic status is contextual . it can depend on your race , nationality , ... it just comes from a place of comfort , it's natural for me . i just don't share a lot of personal details with people , but that doesn't mean i don't enjoy company . for example , i think the main ... impossibly and improbably , i am ok . bleh , sorry to hear that ! i hope you do feel better soon . it's definitely not fun . : c dove into my archives to find some stuff i liked . i haven't sat down and tried to seriously write poetry in a while , this makes me miss it . chimera you are damaged girl . who likes to pull the ... '