i have seen such a strong inclination in families toward the nt , nf types , that i have to go with nature on this one . one factor is that we are such a small percentage of the population , that to show ... i am a roman catholic . the 3 people i flow best with in the world are all infp's , i love infp's the best . i can talk with all 3 for-ever . 2 are relatives , one is my soul mate . life has taught me to flow more , and no , i ... it has happened many times in my life , but a couple of little ones yesterday - the phone rang and i knew it was my sister before i picked it up , yes it was her . well , she is my sister , so maybe some ... i really needed to hear that , thehigher . i have always used my fe to make people happy - partly because i love to make people happy , but also i am afraid that if i don't then they will leave . a ... i agree with all that pinkrasputin said , what more could a woman ask for ? as an infj , i just automatically click with enfp's - my ni , your ne , my fe , your fi , etc . we are mirrors of each other . i ... rowingineden seems like an enfp to me . yep . i want to forgive , i don't like the feeling of holding onto a grudge and i am really not into revenge , but i don't forget . i can't forget . perhaps it is because i / we are so sensitive , but i have ... ha ! true - my little sister is an enfj and we called her ' little mother ' when we were kids : happy : thank you , thank you for posting your life experience . i was hoping someone would say something along these lines , someone who has experienced it . the op's description of the two boyfriend choices ... you will need a lot of patience and time to coax this beauty out . you will be very blessed if you can win her confidence , be gentle with her - the heart of an infp is a treasure . yep , true . : angry : i prefer nf's for romance , although it never worked out too well . infp's are my favorites . it sounds to me like she has a lack of proper boundaries , so the creep out isn't just from the lack of social graces . this may have more to do with a dysfunctional person than mbti . looking at you ... sounds like projection on her part - saying something about you that is really true about herself . it is interesting how often people do that when they are judging . i am convinced that whatever your type is , it is genetic . i have seen the pattern in my own family , and with others i know . so , i was born this way . i have tried desperately to not be infj , to ... that has been my experience , a perfect fit . thank you , everyone . amanda , i was hoping you would chime in , you have been spot on so many times - i take everything you have written to heart . i would say that infp advice from people like you is ... he's irritable with everyone right now . it is unusual for him to ever be irritable with me , like almost never , but it is extending to everyone including me right now . i will ask him , i was just ... i have an infp friend that has been irritable and short tempered lately - which is usually not his style . any ideas on causes , what i can do to help out ? ? most infp's i know , including him , are ... i really hate to lie , and i am lousy at it , but sometimes people ask things that are none of their busness or i just simply don't want to answerer , so i will do the best i can to dance around the ... not many , but here they are : istj , entp , and infp . i was with others , but i don't know if they really were attracted to me , or if i was just convenient . dad tested borderline ist / fj - i always related to him well mom tested out entj - let's just say childhood was pretty unpleasant at times ... sister tested enfj - we get along really well now , but ... yep , as a former tomboy , in childhood most of my best friends were guys - they always played the funnest games . : happy : with some women there are dumb roles you are expected to play , i don't have time ... i'd listen to my gut on this one - my ni has been my best defense mechanism , when i have paid attention to it . yes , and the intuitive part makes me think he is infj as opposed to isfj . funny , my first love was an infp , and although we dated , the feelings were only on my side : frustrating : anyone can become unstable if raised in a bad house . people skills used logically to perform acts of revenge doesn't sound infj to me . if what you are saying is true , this person sounds like they ... many of us nf's have to deal with this , much of my younger life was like this . for me finding like minded nf's has been my best bet for finding those i can really share myself with . and just so ... i have different experiences , some with infp family , some with a friend . family - we are so incredibly close , we have so much fun together . even though some are teens , they always want me to hang ... talking to him about it is the best course of action . i know for myself when i was young that the ' j ' difference made me think that i knew a lot , what needs to change , etc ... until life taught me i ... i was thinking entx . he sounds like one of my dearest friends from high school , who is an entp . i actually dated him for awhile , but though i love his personality there just wasn't any spark for me - ... the honest truth , the one that isn't supposed to be said ? i would rejoice . just last night a friend was lying , being false with me . i could tell in a spit second . i could see it in his eyes . why do they even bother , their eyes tell me all of the sad truth anyway . yes ! ! if other women only knew what they are missing ... infp men are absolute magnets . how about using a metaphor with her ? i know that that is my ' first language ' , and the one that gets things across to me the best . i read and space out at the same time - like if i am reading a story out loud to one of my kids , i can go for pages and not even pay any attention at all to what i am reading . even if it is a book i ... ni types can't think outside of the box ? ? you've got to be kidding - both infj's and intj's are ni dominant , and talk about outside of the box ... i don't know if i can ever see much of anything only ... my infp teen son and i were just talking about this yesterday . he is usually really easy going , but fake fringe really bugs him . i don't like it either , but falseness makes him crazy . i have been told my stare is intense , and when i am interested in the person i can feel the intensity , but i don't know about cold . an infp friend of mine rather likes my intensity . it is as though , ... okay , so i know i sound like a broken record , and i really like a lot of other types , but it could only be infp for me . i definitely have an intense gaze , when i am interested , but i don't know that it is cold . an infp friend of mine rather likes my intensity , but i don't know about others . i am intense in general ... i wonder , do you actually get a gut feeling , or a knowing in your mind ? my knowing comes from my heart , not my head , if that makes any sense . interesting . my feelings are how i ' think ' , if you will . if i try and think my way through the intuitive information i get , it muddies things up for me , i am more likely to make poor decisions . it ... actually it goes really well , for me they are a perfect fit , but when i was young ( looong ago ) i didn't do so well with them ( or anyone really ) . if i had been more mature things could have ... infp's , but i wasn't able to hold their interest romantically . that has been my experience with my best friend . it took a long time , lots of patients , a true desire to only receive what info he was ready to share and not pry for more , opening up and sharing my ... i would spend as much time with my best friend as i wanted , without worrying about nosy gossip and judgments ( my best friend is a guy , heaven forbid ! ! ) i far prefer f's for romance , but t's can be great friends . 1 . have you been in love before ? yes , i suppose , it seemed like it , a couple of times . 2 . did you break up with your first love or are you married to them ? i loved them , they didn't love me . 3 . ... i am very physically affectionate , mostly with my kids , but with others that i trust and love too .