' cal is definitely , without a doubt , an nt . he searches for answers in a way that screams rational . i think he's an intp . i because he is observant , and thinks actions through before acting . n ... awesome article ! :D i just have one question ... and i could be totally wrong here . i just pictured roo as more ne , piglet as more ni , and owl as ti . that's mostly because roo is spontaneous and looks ... proud enfj here :D i'm trying to think of any enfj's i know at all irl ... uhhh ... drawing blanks : honestly , entpreneur , if i used your method of argument , you'd be frustrated too . p's take in information , sure , but they aren't committed or particularly punctual . j's , on the other hand , are ... i'm a teenage enfj ! sure , i'm a guy , but still . we are definitely very sensitive and emotional . we are very trusting as well , and forgiving to a decent point . people are our specialty , they're what ... i'm an enfj , and off the top of my head , i have a close infj , infx , and enfp friend . the infj and i have awesome conversations , and we trust each other a lot . i feel like her reserved approach ... i apologize in advance , but i'm tired , and have to say this . you've been involved in a number of threads i read , and you seem bent on making your type sound perfect . really , you have such a huge bias ... i think dreams tell you a lot about your subconscious , but they're tough to understand . i've been getting more and more dreams lately ! and i'm getting better at recalling them . i love dreams :D bob saget and oprah , apparently . i've heard people call obama an enfj , but i don't believe it one bit . you had it right originally , extraversion vs introversion is conerned with how you get reenergized and where you focus primarily , the external world , or the internal . extraverts can be shy and ... i think eye contact carries a lot of unspoken meaning , so i'm sure to only use it fittingly . i love making eye contact , don't get me wrong , but i find that i'll also zone out while talking and look ... i think it has to do a lot with who i'm with and what the conversation is about . if i'm around acquaintances , i'm going to be more reserved than a group primarily made up of friends . i think this ... aha , i'm definitely that way . i'll share tidbits here and there , but i'm far , far more interested in hearing about someone else than talking about myself . part of it might be vulnerability . another ... wow , this was all actually sort of entertaining to read ! i'm an enfj ( i hope too many of you didn't groan at that ) . i guess i can weigh in , if you'd like ... first off , i couldn't help but smile when ... you're probably borderline , but i think you lean more toward enfp . i may be enfj , but i have a relatively high perceiving score , so i understand the confusion at first . i find what helps the most is , ... just as an aside , ( don't mean to beat a dead horse ) , entpreneur , if you think j's are narrow minded ... wouldn't fe , for example , contrast that ? since we're all about harmony ? i don't think any ... just a lil ' piece of advice ... enfj's are drawn to infp's initially due to their introverted , unique personalities . but drunkenly proposing to lots of them in general might confuse their ... enfj's are naturally in tune with other people . our fe makes us highly sensitive to them , and our ni takes in signals and patterns they show . consciously or subconsciously , we tend to reach ... well , i'm a male enfj , so there will be differences here ... but , i agree that enfj / infp relationships have lots of potential . both are dreamers , so that gives you two a lot in common . as far as ... fe is ... hmmm ... well , we know it's when the feeling function , which focuses primarily on creating and maintaining harmonic relationships , is directed to the world around us . as an enfj , this is the ... interesting idea , but there have been a few changes to the temperament-system . for one thing , a new temperament has been added : supine . supines live to serve , and are at their happiest while helping ... this makes a lot of sense ! just wondering what the margin of error is for the development ? i'm an enfj , and i'm a junior in high school . based on this , i should still be working on ni . for some ... as an entj , should that be fi ? sorry , just got curious i love all sorts of music , but my all time favorites are always packed with emotion . this song , and its video , are beautiful , and really tie into our idealism . ... that's the fe function for you . we are very aware of other people's thoughts and feelings , and can't help but want to please people , all the time . we focus a lot on maintaining harmonious ... i'd have to agree with everyone , type is important , but not the only thing that's important . common values are a must . plus , as far as type is concerned , you should be able to feel when you click , ... what is it that you want to know ? the fact that we're both idealists already means that we have plenty in common ! good question ... i think two extraverts would probably make a dynamic couple xd thanks for the encouragement ... funny , usually i go for introverts ... 1 ) friend / crush of mine 2 ) small bird 3 ) we make brief eye contact before it flies away 4 ) medium-large 5 ) no ! 6 ) lots of chairs with lots of people in them ! 7 ) plastic 8) pick it up for a ... thanks ! that's the direction i was going in , glad to see that there's still hope for me ! : crazy : i'm glad none of it involves the whole bad boy bullshit the internet tries to sell , haha hi there ! so , as the title says , i'm a completely hopeless enfj . you see , i've been crushing on a friend of mine for a long time now . really badly . to the best of my knowledge , she's an enfp ... glad to have helped , if only slightly . i hope , as i said before , that things turn out for the best . the fact that you're willing to go to her parents shows that you're concerned , and really do care ... i hated middle school - __ - but , i persevered . i had friends there , but looking back on it , i don't think most were as close to me as i thought they were at the time . however , this isn't any reason ... hmm ... well , my dad is an estj ( we always butt heads ) stereotypically , you can be viewed as strict , logical , goal-oriented , controlling , stubborn , and defensive this is in no way an attack on ... white mage ! oh , and as far as helplessness is concerned , i know exactly how you feel . i can't stand it , i feel guilty ... but in reality , it's not our fault . my friend told me that i can't constantly worry about ... i have a friend in a similar situation . i don't know her type , but she got involved with some random guy and he got her to give up all her values . she did drugs with him once or twice , and they have ... uploaded with imageshack.us i just love the water :) hi ! :D i'm a newbie too , but this forum is really fun ! welcome ! how come you feel down ? : sad : hmm ... i feel content ( like the little emote says ! ) for the most part . last week was hectic , with a meeting scheduled almost every day , and only 2 1/2 days of school to go to . i loved it . this week , ... ok , as far as what pisses me off about me ... there's the basics that have been stated quite a few times ( being a doormat , manipulation ) then , the whole not opening up completely ... it's definitely ... you're not insane ! although , i do have a few questions about whether or not your father really is an enfj . it goes without being said that we love having company and conversations ( sometimes to a ... thank you all for making me feel welcome ! : happy : whelp , my mom is probably an isfj , and my dad is a definite estj . mom is easier to relate to , because of the feeling function . still , she has a very pronounce eye for detail , and gets stressed out ... haha , now that you mention it , i do seem to have more female friends than male friends . what you said makesa whole lot of sense , as far as unloading problems , but i wouldn't go so far as to compare ... i guess i can understand , it gets exhausting always being called on for this , that , and the other thing . however , i honestly don't mind being a doormat , it all goes back to one of our greatest gifts ... right , well , i'm new to the whole forum thingamabob . as stated , i'm an enfj ( and proud ) ! ! ! so , yeah ... hi ! hopefully , this'll be a fun , educational , fun experience : laughing : '