' yeah i did / do . i guess i don't have much to say about it , other than it's not fun . medication helps . having regular sessions with a psychologist was also beneficial for me . i ’ m a drifter at heart . sometimes i think about putting down roots , but i ’ m restless . restless in relationships after the novelty has worn off . i know that in my mind , one day i might just pack it up ... i guess this is described as folk metal .  i read the material from the book , based on what was taught in the lecture on the day . it has worked for me . i don't have to study hard the night before an exam . i study in the basement of the ... i keep my anger in check , because i become very direct and confrontational . mostly , i am afraid of myself . i lose control and instinct takes over . rock and roll music . :) sometimes i feel the same . i worked at a retail chain , a manufacturing plant , at a nursing home as a cna , an oil rig , and at a locomotive crane rebuild facility . i also do odd jobs on the side for cash . i'm not sure if i ... i always cheer for the villian . joker from the dark knight anyone ? they're more interesting . chaotic and unpredictable , not like the protagonist , who will predictably do the the right thing . the ... mozart , bach , beethoven , handel , vivaldi . debussy , tchaikovsky , wagner . that's all i can think of at the moment . i listen to classical music on national public radio ( npr ) . you probably have a ... speaking of daydreaming ... i inadvertently locked my keys in a running vehicle last week . unfortunately , i didn't have a spare set . : shocked : sorry i was rude . i shouldn't have posted that . ... for sure ... i raise my eyebrows and make my eyes bug out . i like to think in the basement of the library . more like a crypt . no , i cannot articulate myself orally with any competency . it is probably why i get mistook for having some sort of cretinism . if i have to explain myself , it is best that i do so using written ... i was a hellion . my mom had a kid leash because i would wander around stores . i escaped from vacation bible camp numerous times and ended up getting lost in town . i was unsupervised most of the time ... hail odin . nah , that's just ridiculous . agnostic myself . i'm not going to make decisions on things i cannot know . i don't much care for organized religion . generally , i find many religious ... depends how stressed i am . usually an activity that involves some sort of exertion helps me . otherwise , i will drink a few barley pops . the kitten test was a funny joke . i love the north . full of life in the summer , a hellscape in the winter . the most beautiful thing to me is the northern lights . they dance for you . ... thanks everybody for the input and knowledge . i don't think i'm any closer to figuring out isfp vs istp however . i've been doing some self-observance to see if anything that has been collectively ... i forgot to add that the title of this thread sounds like the opening line of a cialis commercial . let me ponder it . then i will get back to you . i find it strange thinking about living in a city . i have lived in a rural area my entire life . we grow vegetables in the summertime and eat wild game : venison , grouse , bear , rabbits , and fish . we ... okay . it seemed like i could be either or . i rebuilt an air compressor last week , not very isfp like . also , last week somebody said i was sitting in their chair and i retorted immediately : i didn't ... exactly ... le9acymuse i'm off topic from the original post , but i am beginning to wonder if i may be an istp opposed to an isfp . i took a few tests that said i was isfp , but i was reading the topic on the istp ... yeah , i feel like that sometimes . i just do a bunch of push-ups , sit-ups , and 16 mile walks . i feel a lot better when i'm freakishly fit , but i'm prone to indolence though . if it festers for too ... not a psyche major , but i wish i was . i have 8 credits for a degree in biology , so it seems impractical to switch now . i thought that biology of all things would be hands on learning , however it is ... i do the same thing . i'm intermittent about answering my phone and responding to texts . i answer the phone when i feel like it . leave a message , maybe i'll call or maybe i won't . i've been on a ... serious life decisions . definitely . otherwise , no . i just do what i want to do . same . i get that a lot , mostly because i don't think people understand why i am concerned about how things look and feel , opposed to how they function . it bothers me , but then i think about how ... wendixy love the cats btw . happiness for me is being able to be care-free or just being free in general from the weight of my concerns . i slip in and out of depression , i have to take care not to self-medicate . i do grueling ... i need 8 credits for a degree in biology . i'm alright at it . mediocre grades . i'm not much interested in it though . i have a minor in gis , which is what i will likely try to find employment in . the ... i can't say that i have . i keep my hair short because it is easier to clean and maintain . music . doodling . carving . they are just nice to pet , which is relaxing . they have many health benefits for humans . 17 health benefits of owning a cat | futuremedica i'm am out of control . i guess you have to know yourself . i got so drunk , i wandered out and got lost in the woods of northern minnesota in october . if you know nothing about northern minnesota , i ... i've only been posting on isfp forums . so far everybody has been respectful in my opinion . i can't speak for other forums . you're after my own heart . yeah , i feel that way all the time , because in my mind it's freedom . it's the fear that prevents me . is it the unknown ? is it because however or how many ways you explain ... right on . i had preferred a glass slide , but they didn't sell any that would fit on my fingers , save the pinky . i ended up getting a brass one because that was the only gauge wide enough . i'll ... kitzara i hear you dude . i ended up becoming a scientist of all things ( biology ) , it's quite boring in all honesty . but i have switched my major 4 times so now i am in my 8th year of school . going ... yeah that's what i meant , empathize . emphasize , haha , silly . what do you mean by have no effect ? i get stoned out of my fucking gourd , but i don't get out of control . fucking deep . thanks man . to the op m_dogg , i can't think of anything relevant to say , but i can emphasize . thewildcard thanks for the support . cityofcircuits hey thanks dude . yeah , i did all that . i just went and picked up a brass slide last week , so my technique will be getting better . that was the ... thanks for starting this thread . just playing around with an 8 - track and condenser mic . i do the rhythm and overdub everything improv , so there are a few mistakes . 10 minutes this took me ... all those jobs sound torturous imho , only because they all involve the service sector ( introvert alert ) . i attend university as well and work part-time at a shop that repairs and rebuilds locomotive ... '