' turi ... i can see a lot of se in you , you're definitely a sp type . at first i thought isfp , but then after a closer look i thought that maybe you're an estp . ... thanks for the post :) . not sure if you mean the singing duo as a metaphor , but we both are indeed singers : laughing : . and he types as enfj , but they might seem st at times , mostly males tend to ... i don't really believe in vi , but i'm bored so ... me me & my boyfriend ... breakfast : i slept at my boyfriends and he made me sausage with bread , hummus and vegetables . lunch : chicken pasta snack : low cal raw chocolate bar dinner : 2 slices of whole wheat bread with ... being ok with drugs is a sign of liberal thinking which is associated with high openness to experiences which is associated with intuition . but i'd argue this to be highly dependant on individuals ... enfp type most likely to believe alternative facts and conspiracy thanks for the post , inferior te sounds so much like me ! the dominant te sounds like a promised land that i've been trying to achieve my whole life , but every time i feel like i mastered the objective , goal oriented sober mind i wish to have , it leads to ... as i mentioned before , i've been fighting with depression and anxiety for the past 10-11 years . sometimes it's better , sometimes it's worse , currently i have a good period and i don't go through any ... the very first time i typed myself as 479 , then 469 , then 459 and now i'm back to 479 the ne description sounds very much like me , when i was a child , but the older i get the more i tend to be critical and cynical about ideas and i don't like people who act on their ideas without ... thanks ! do you have any tips for deciding between enfp and infp ? unicornrainbowlove this was an excellent analysis , thank you ! when i take an mbti test i always score highest on n and p , i've scored as all np types so far and i more or less relate to all of ... all of them ? i'd waste so much time on this question to be honest and i think other parts of this questionnaire will say everything necessary about myself so i'll skip this . i want to be successful ... i have my group of close friends with whom i regularly meet and i like to spend time with them . i can be even outgoing , funny and charismatic when i am with the right people or when i am in a small ... i wanna play ! kitty 23 fe vs fi test 1.are you more about people and social connectionsx 94 ( fe ) ? or personal values , authenticity and identityx 94 ( fi ) ? fe 2.do you believe that individual ... i've seen entps who do that , then also some isfjs . i think it was just a bad joke that you took too seriously ... people do stuff like that all the time while not realising that they can actually hurt someone . i wouldn't put much weigh on it . it's more or less a stereotype and it depends on how matured and helthy the person is . they are many childish people who think they're the center of the universe and they do not necessary have to be ... thanks , i was looking for something like this yes , but that's for fun , not for really picking parteners based on it :D whenever i try to type others i seek for answers in their questionnaires that support my theory to show them how they use the functions . i don't like out of the blue typing . i am not saying it's not ... it's very hard to pick an ideal type as no type is ideal and people of the same type can be so incredibely different you can't possible judge people based on it . i would never date someone based on their type i want to be successful and recognized for my work and talent . i want to find out who i really am and what is my true passion and dedicated my life to it . i want to be able to use my full ... you seem like someone who values their own sense of inner peace and comfort , i see your values are more traditional and quite family oriented . - si you see yourself as open minded and flexible ... 7w6 - 2w3 - 1w9 so / sx oh wow ! that's awesome , i am glad you liked it :) . thanks for the analysis . i self type as 4w3 so i agree on that , when it comes to gut type , i am actually surprised i socred as 1w9 , becase i always thought i am quite a clear 9 . i always had issue ... i have an idea of what my tritype most likely is , but this seems like fun and one can never really be sure : 1 . ) select all of your fears . - the fear of deprivation and pain . - the fear of ... this is me ! i do it all the time ... i think it's a part of copying mechanism with unhappiness or boredom in your life . people who suffer from depression or other form of mental illness are more prone ... i think that there are many factors that make infps more prone to despression than other types . there's however one obvious fact , a lot of unhealthy , unbalanced and emotionally turbulent people type ... any type can have zero social life , mbti doesn't predict what your life is like . hmm more nt than st , not e3 more like 6w5 i am getting te vibes mots likely yes rock'n'roll girl power ! what are your favorites ?   the fog , the world it's the illusion of a beating heart that turns darkness into light it's a gravity of fall that turns chaos into whole it's the power of a chord that turns wild into ... xntp 6  probably the loner coffee and wallnut cake sounds like ptsd to me ... that is hard to overcome alone and if you're not in therapy i'd suggest to go to one . how do you know that the person really is an esfj ? even when esfjs are suppoused to be carring and outspoken , some unhealthy ones might be more selfish and less socially confident , so maybe he needs ... enfp tmlt have messed up sleeping schedule hello : happy : i just came here to tell that enfp 4w5 sounds like a cool type to be ! what you said about closness and how important it is for you sounds very sx first . i've always thought of myself as an introvert . in big groups i am very quiet , usually i don't say a word when i don't feel like . i am quiet with people i don't know well , i am usually known as the ... '