' please remember that although i said that ips tend to view life as an obstacle rather than something to be enjoyed , this does not , by any means , mean that ips can't achieve enjoyment in the act of ... now that i know more about the mbti i realize many of the descriptions were poor , and some of them , like calling intjs unhappy , is first of all inaccurate , but secondly very arrogant ( even if it was ... and i guess other types are attracted to us as well . i'm extremely self - conscious in the presence of strangers . 1 . enjs 2 . esjs 3 . enps / injs 4 . isjs / esps 5 . inps 6 . isps really , js tend to be more talkative than ps . the reason for this i think , is due to the fact that js are naturally more abstract ... 1 . enjs 2 . esjs 3 . injs / enps 4 . esps / isjs 5 . inps 6 . isps :) it's fun seing how unselective mikki is to thanking posts on this thread ... really it isn't . although they may appear cynical , their ni makes the intj have a rather easy going , unserious , almost fun loving approach to life ( although they don't outwardly appear this way ) , ... - i tend to overanalyze much which sometimes leads to unnecesary guilt . - i can withhold my ti judgments ( to the outer world ) simply because my fe fears they might hurt someone . - i irrationally ... another interesting thing , which many people aren't aware of , is that ips are actually more judging than ijs . ijs have an introverted perception function as their dom . funtion , whereas ips have a ... isfps ; because they are often very politcally correct ( without even realising it , which i find especially annoying ) - which in my opinion is synonymous to a lack of independent thinking . an s says you're too by the book ( perhaps this would be an appropriate moment to use the phrase lol , but i try to avoid going mainstream , so i'll say it's funny ) . but maybe situations where he ... what i concluded in my reasoning is that types which share only the last letter ( the extraverted judging preference or the extraverted perceiving one ) , while the other three letters / preferences are ... but the differences between intjs and esfps are perhaps greater , compared with the average relationship . eventually the intps ' tine style of talking / / acting becomes too non conventinal , abrupt and unpredictable for the isfj to identify themselves with their intp partner , or even enjoy their company . on ... perhaps the relationship will function somewhat well in the beginning , because of intjs admiring their partner's se grace , beauty etc . , and esfp's admiring their partner's ni determination , ambition ... i'm an intp myself , but funny enough other intps can bore the hell out of me . why ? because as ti dominants we often struggle to orally express our thoughts , or at least it might take some time ... intp ´ s don't have fi . i'll make an orderly list of which type i , as a male intp , would rather have a relationship ( not in the broader term ) with : 1 . infj 2 . infp 3 . intj 4 . enfp 5 . entp 6 . isfp 7 . enfj 8 . istp they have completely opposite functions as well as different preferences for intuition vs sensing and thinking vs feeling , so a functioning relationship ( in the broader term ) will , on a frequent ... entps in general have a less serious and more easy going approach to life than intps , this is the case for all dominant perceivers vs . all dominant judgers , ips and ejs will be more focused , more ... an intp as a marine ... poor him . war tends to get way to physical , in the moment and impressionistic for an intp to derive much pleasure from the actual experience . btw , this is only me speculating . if you're an entp , then please change your profile info accordingly . it really bugs me when people belong to a different type than wht is shown in their profile . so , please :) but the fact that the intp's two upper functions are the same , but reversed in the entp's , is not a unique case for the ntp's . if you have any two given two types , who only differ in their prefernce ... intps view might often view themselves as selfish ( especially in narssisstic moments where they feel the most individualistic , great , powerful and self confident ) , but really the fe , combined with ... if one , in social interaction talks constantly i'd say this is an indication of extraverted thinking . thus indicating that this person is a tj or an fp . but i believe that if you do score 135 or above , mensa will give you the oppurtunity to take a new test that can measure even higher iqs . i don't know if this costs extra or not , but who really ... about schooling : interesting to see that several int teenagers have problems realting to their fellow peers . i'm planning on staying at my present school ( which by the way is a public school ) for the ... hello other teenage ints ! i'm also a teenager , being 16 years old . i'm 16 years old and currently in the 1st class of hs . not being able to relate to the majority of my peers is also somewhat of a problem for me , but luckily i do have some close friends ( some of ... and that last think you menioned about intjs being more assertive , i really think is something we intps should try to do more often . from my experience intjs are more capable of using / applying their intelligence , but intps are more inteligent . i hope this observation isn't rooted on some far fetched narcissism from my part . i don't think this is true . a person with a 130 iq is able to solve a given theoretical problem much faster than a person of a 100 iq . but this always accounts for people with , let's say , an iq of ... according to statistics any given introvert is 60 % likely to have a higher iq than any extravert . also 75 % of all people with iq above 130 are nts . which would imply that intps and intjs have the ... yes . friends characters : ross geller : istj monica geller : estj phoebe buffay : enfp rachel green : esfp chandler bing : entp joey tribbiani : esfp seinfeld : jerry seinfeld : istj generally , no i don't like to socialize with people i don't know too well ( but i suppose this is given , as we are talking about intps :) ) . anyway , in such a setting i often focus on appearing ... first , let's get one thing clear . infjs are not givers by nature . one ought to be very carefull when labelling any type with one certain description ( in this case that infjs are more altruistiv ... are you refering to me ? either way , i agree with you . it might be kind of naive for the intps to carry on debating , even if the intp should know from past experiences that it's a lost cause . i guess ... i think we are clear . i reacted on your annoyingly short and vague comments ( which i think is garabage ) , but i will stop arguing now . i never skipped just because , even though there were days i wanted to . i blame my enneagram tri-type for this ; my secondary type 3 made me anxious about skipping school lol . i have the same ... it is not valid critisism to simply say that the descriptions are just some crap from similiarminds , without explaining why they it is crap . so far you haven't contributed to any actual critisism ... i could say the same to you , then you could say the same to me , then i could say the same to you etc . who were you in high school ? at my best i am a quiet , independent , individualistic , inteligent , narssistic and aggresively opinionated student . at my worst i'm a sad person , who sometimes felt ... i finsihed 10th grade in june , where i live the grading scale goes from 1 to 6 . ( 6 being the best , and 1 being the worst ) . oral english : 6 ( and a 6 on the exam ) written english : 6 written ... i don't who created the description , and much less how they did it . but having read all of the descriptions quite carefully , i'm inclined to beilieve that thei didn't simply make a bunch of words ... ok , i can't speak on behalf of neither of you , but don't you think there is a lot of truth to it ? i don't know exactly who wrote it , and i surely haven't got an explanation for any of the ... here is a good description of the intp and the intj ( this isn't my work , i got it from a website ) intj : loner , more interested in intellectual pursuits than relationships or family , not very ... some differences beetween the two types : - both in life and in their thought process , intps are more prone to doubt themselves ; the ti just goes on and on and continues to work , until it has ... '