' no . it doesn't mean you're 55 % feeler and 45 % thinker , it means that you are 55 % likely to have a feeling preference and 45 % likely to have a thinking preference according to the answers you gave to the ... yes , i advise people take this with a whole salt lick . never had any more problems with romance than the average person , married twice and have happily been with my second husband for over ... i wouldn't bother trying to conflate the two . yeah , chicken little , i've been hearing about the various ways the sky is falling since i was a child and i'm an old bat now . good luck with that , though . i can see the zombies won't catch you ... : laughing : everything you wrote seemed pretty spot on to me but i got a particular laugh from this bit because i am so very , very guilty of it and always have been . this is why i consider ... the usual caveat that i speak only for myself and not for any other xnfjs ... if you haven't had any damage in your relationships with others by expressing your true views , feelings , or self , i ... if it got to the point of a true door slam ( and not what people sometimes mistakenly call door slams ) , hell no , there's nothing the slammee could say to me because i am so profoundly disinterested ... hey , the zombies may be eating people but it isn't their fault . never mind , other people already said it and said it better . yeah , i do think it's mythical . the difference ? they're utter bastards . whereas we're self-righteous bitches . many reasons , not least because usually the abused has been systematically broken down , gaslighted , and mind-fucked by the abuser over time and let's not forget the threats - which sometimes ends up ... yes , i am warm and friendly . i'm a professional who's learned that style of interaction . i consider it a good thing , the world is crappy enough that i don't need to be one more crappy thing other ... dario argento's movies always creeped me right out . they still do , in spite of the special effects being so dated . enfj i observed potential romantic partners to see what kind of people they were , but that was along the lines of noticing if what they said was congruent with what they actually did , how they treated ... i developed ni + ti fruit loops once , but i was hungry and ate them . i've read that sex does not release oxytocin in men unless they're already emotionally attached to the woman . i've also read that scientific studies claiming oxytocin is the bonding hormone are ... you weren't in the slightest rude and i apologize for giving you the impression that i might have thought you were . sometimes i can be overly succinct . i advise that you don't compare yourself to ... i would strongly advise you don't go by the other infjs on forums . this behavior is common among people in general . it's traditionally been the dolphin , which is why the big infj list group community is dolphin cove . i've been with one for 23 years and the relationship remains romantic , deeply loving , and playful . he is my favorite person in the world , knows me better than anyone , and is very nurturing and ... i work as a hospice nurse for a local non-profit hospice , donate to the local food bank and local homeless shelter , and donate to some national charities . i did volunteer work when i wasn't working ... huh . i don't remember writing this … oh , wait ! it wasn't me ! welcome to the development of your tertiary function , my fellow infj 6w5 . i'd guess i don't frighten people as much as you - social ... holy deja vu , batman ! cookies are important . your roommate is obviously not going to meet your needs . give it up and move on to plan b . wow ! you were absolutely right ! i did not guess the jawdropping event that happened next . i don't know why , but it's probably for the best . : tongue : you might find posting this in the socionics forum helpful . i personally don't relate to any of it , but then , i never do relate to socionics . i pretty much have what i need to be happy right now . the billion dollars could give me two things i'd really like - more free time to do whatever , because earning a living takes up a good chunk of ... i'm sure some people find something of value in socionics but , as i could never relate to anything whatsoever in the socionics literature i read , it's got absolutely nothing for me . i don't look the ... at a guess , isfp . don't forget tribute . it doesn't have to be gold - paper money is good too . i assumed i'd be in hufflepuff but i , too , was sorted into ravenclaw . naïveté . nope , i'm a touchaholic and always have been . just a quick reminder as to how tests are generally scored . the percentage you get on any function is not how strong you are in that function , but how likely it is you prefer that function . for ... been with my infp husband over twenty years , still passionately in love and never bored and according to him , he feels the same way . * shrug * i'm okay with a message or phone call as long as it stays short and light . i've got at least one person in my life whose phone calls tend towards the emotional dump and that's a bit much when i'm ... oh , sure . definite thread drift . oh , well , as long as they make the most of it ... maybe the infj is breaking up with the enfp because he / she isn't the one . or because he / she is fleety . that's an interesting idea . let's flesh it out further . say i'm in the market for a new car . in the first scenario , i choose several models with general qualities i'm looking for and in my ... once more , with feeling ! although i'm just going to cut and paste from a previous post : i cannot deny that occasionally i've had someone chase me to try to catch me and eat me . i do drink . that's why i'm partying instead of meeting people on line . slainte ! i do , but mainly i'm replying because i think your user name , winterfox , is really pretty . very infp . i've always been comfortable around both men and women , it usually depends on the individual person more than gender . in my experience , men and women are more alike than they are different . '