' i couldn't agree more with cormo . inflation in degrees is a very accurate description of what has happened with the relationship of the economy ( jobs ) and education ( your degree ) . a bachelor's ... i too would like some confirmation on that one ... haha i am 28 years old living in phoenix , az . i moved here from the midwest when i was 19 so i could go to school , become a teacher , save the world . i am not teaching currently , and i plan to write a ... ... as well as on my macaroni and cheese . oh , and i like to put ketchup on my macaroni and chesse this reminds me of one of my favorite quotes , from stephen king : despite my ghoulish reputation , i really have the heart of a small boy . i keep it in a jar on my desk i'm realizing , after years of struggling with thyroid issues , and lately doing some thorough research , that medical doctors don't give a shit about you . either that , or they refuse to adopt more ... i can relate so much to what you're saying here , and i do have a child . i think i've realized the last few days that i cant have another child because the post-partum depression was terrible , and ... just realized im in an idealist forum ... yep . so ! so ! i do what i want ! blast ! another idealist ... i'll get you next time , gadget ! ... too many idealists on this page ... there , that's better . yes , indeedy , you do ! and it may or may not involve a buffalo and a nine-iron ... apparently your'e not a golfer ... i'm not sure in what sense you mean beautiful , but goddammit i'll take it ! thanks :) and current events sounds right up my alley ! thanks again ! well it originally was my face . i did , in fact , change it to the sara silverman photo ... and i think ill keep it ! glad u like it :-) dustofshard ... again ps . thanks for doing a little research about me in order to make a savvy recommendation for my avatar . appreciated :) sounds so cliche , but i push people away . i do . and i am starting to resent myself for it . i am so stuck . i've always been stuck ; no one has ever shown me how not to be stuck . and the few who have ... ... to quiet the incessant chatter in my brain and just chill for once . i like your style ... well played i think i need to come up with a more interesting avatar for one ... any suggestions ? haha oddly enough , me too . holidays not agree with you either ? ? just another thought : in my opinion , medication seems more necessary in regards to anxiety as opposed to depression . this is just my experience and opinion , but i have had both types and medications ... thanks , dustofshard :) i wish there was a quick reference in regards to these personality types ... i'm gonna have to get used to the terms . i'm sure i will though , since i find it so interesting . ... hi :) i can relate to the depression thing myself . in fact , this is a very hard time of year for me and always worse around the holidays . i have taken three kinds anti-depressants , and i am still ... hello , so i'm new , and have been playing around with this site since yesterday after googling chatrooms for semi-intellectuals , haha . there is sooo much here , and i just don't know where to ... now that i can relate to ! it was a damn funny , and if i say so myself , witty joke ... why did no one laugh ? ! ! not even a chuckle ... really ? aw man . '