' i had met this new person , he was nice to me , he even cooked me soup when i was ill . and one day he was visiting me , i looked at him and thought that i shouldn't play with his heart , because he will ... sales . of every kind . begging . (= donation collection ) . it's same than sales , only worse . children club leader for ymca . i lasted like half an hour . anything under a micromanaging ... yup . i am not in tune with my own feelings at all , heck , half the time i don't even realize if i am hungry . whatever i want to know , i have to think of , and that might take a while . finding an ... i know i am a bit late here , but .. here goes . op , when you texted him that you're very sorry , did you say anything else ? did you explain why , what , etc ? for me , just saying i'm sorry ... well , then watch what you post where . istps don't necessarily conform to your / normal conversational tone . sorry ' bout that . if you present a badly supported theory , this is what you get . if you ... yeah , sorry about that . i did actually clarify it , but apparently my workplace internet explorer is quite erratic when it comes to this forum . it processes every letter 0,5- 1 second , and apparently ... myst 91 - i can't figure out if you're trolling me or not . 1 . my father is not stupid . he has lived long enough to realize that the cars don't move without driving staff , and that travel companies ... apparently my workplace ie doesn't support editing the posts . so , apologies for replying myself . could you please come up with one ? here's a table for quick lookup : ... i never said anyone had even implied that j / p were functions . i just wrote out the mbti math formula and needed to introduce the variables . i don't know enough about socionics to argue about its ... nope , the isfj said that it is frustrating to be in a situation where he basically is breaking his promise ( to be back in 15 ) . though he realized that we would not be in danger even if we were a bit ... so , in short : for judgers , yes , istps are probably flaky . here's some mbti math : judging / perceiving is not an extra function pair . sensing and intuition are data-collection - or perceiving - functions . sensing collects data mainly from concrete ... for me the estp vs istp is much about timing : estp sees something , gets an idea , and promotes it to everyone else . if you go clubbing with an estp you might thus easly find yourself waking up in ... here's an example of j / p difference , starring istp & isfj : on a bus tour in a foreign country a 15 minutes ' pause is announced by a little café & souvenir shop . we had a coffee , and then i wanted ... i confirm this ; my father's an isfj and he does the same thing . try having an estp cooking and an istj trying to wash dishes ( grabbing everything out of the estp's hands ) .. or , actually , don't ... define engineering . i like poking around things in my computer , but i have no love for calculus or other stuff like that . my so is an infp . it was a rocky start , but we have an unbelievable connection . anyway , here's an owner's guide that should've been delivered along with your istp . one of my best friends is an istj . i once offered her to stay at my place for 2 weeks , and that was one of the greatest mistakes i ever did . it was unbearable . i don't think she deliberately wants to ... neutral good ( human wizard ) . i couldn't agree more ! sincerely , an istp who has difficulties with authority figures - at least that's what my so says . very possible . i think you've hit the nail in the head . sorry , i seemed to be unable to write a link out without the automagics happening . - - - yes . exactly this was the problem . i dislike it when people / computers / etc think they know my ... you should mean www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0032hf60m/ damn . that sucks . let me guess : xstx ? actually it's me who's poor at picking up cues . i usually can see when he's upset , but i have absolutely no clue why . luckily he does answer truthfully ... i don't really think i dare to do that . me being a redneck tomboy istp (= epitome of the male behavior ) and my so being a old-timey gentleman infp (= epitome of the female behavior ) , neither ... i think you misunderstood . i was upset just because he did not listen more than maybe three sentences , then made jokes of a word i used , and proceeded talking about how he had helped someone i ... i date an infp , have done so for a while . it's a long distance thing , so the time we can talk is limited . i had just something slightly distressing happen to me , and i wanted to tell him about it ... i don't not get along with my family . i just rarely interact with them - and they rarely interact with me . i don't see it as a problem , though . there was some drama when i was in my late teens , ... yes , yes . of course i keep forgetting everything all the time , i manage to forget my age , too , because it changes too often . maybe that means i'm not fit company even for myself ? as said , he ... that's pretty much what i do , only from the prosecution's side . in here the prosecutor doesn't lead the investigation , though we're supposed to be involved in the bigger cases ; the police gathers the ... it's a very viable combination . knowing law is always useful ( though whether it's useful enough to spend 6 + years studying might be the question ) and so is economics . pretty much every employer i've ... this far i have come already . the stuff before is what i stil don't see .. yeah , i know , that's what it was . yeah , exactly . that's what i wanted him to say - tell me when something i do irritates ... thank you so much for replying ! the problem is , i guess , is that in my mind i still keep doubting whether he is 100 % committed . i am afraid he will just walk off one day . in the beginning of our ... it has taken me a while to recognize when he's upset , and the subtle hints he might be making do totally escape me . any pointers would be appreciated . the problem is , probably , that though i can ... i have dated an infp for a while now , and this communication thing has been .. challenging . to be honest , i would've preferred a deep and touching love letter every second week than short hi , how ... i'm dating an infp , and you can believe that i try my utmost to not hurt his feelings , but this stuff happens every now and then anyway . i am sorry if i am harsh , but i don't see the point of ... yes , we're able to talk when calm . however , is this i only tell you n times , then you should remember - if you love me a thing ? i do love him , and i try to show it to him in all the ways he wants ... i don't think this is necessarily required . i've been quite interested in mathematical problems , for example , though i dislike calculus . i have worked in it support and studied programming , enjoyed ... i'm a bit late to this party , sorry about that . > istps are not good with commitment and inflexible jobs i am not good with those , that's for sure . i keep forgetting things , and at some point i ... i love learning new steps and executing them with a good partner . i'm not at all interested in the duck-waddle-slow-dance thing , though . boooriiing ... my infp so and i , an istp , had an argument yesterday . i had been playing with my cell phone when we were out together , and he grew impatient . he didn't say anything , though , but when we were at last ... first , sorry , there's quite little to go on in your original post . i don't know much about how you communicate or non-communicate , so i'm just throwing out some random stuff . i don't know how you ... thank you for your concern . however , during these 4,5 years since the original post as well as during the year after the latest post on this thread , quite a lot of things have happened . we are still ... my scores 2012 : openness to experience / intellect : 10 % conscientiousness : 10 % extraversion : 3 % agreeableness : 6 % neuroticism : 22 % my scores 2015 : i'm sorry , but i have seldom seen an infp who wasn't high maintenance . it seems to me that infps can be very hard on themselves , so the maintenance is mostly about reassurance . i have a master's degree in law , and i am dabbling with a master's in it right now . i've also collected an amount of language courses , and might continue those later on , too . i like finding rules ... i agree . i cringe every time people give me video links . i can read , people , write it down . then , at least , i can skip the boring parts . i have no friend i would want to talk every day to . most of my friends hear of me every couple of months , or more probably more seldom than that . i chat with a couple of intps more or less daily , and ... i didn't instruct her , i didn't mean to at least , i just told her to tell the question instead of asking if she can ask a question . i also said that people have a tendency to not jump in answering ... texts and phone calls are for arranging things , they are not enjoyable as themselves . if i'm meeting a person soon , why should i text and call ? it's much better to talk in person . if you don't know ... '