' mimos this isn't intended to be rude , but since you did a drive-by article defending your beliefs , i'm responding with a drive-by response defending mine ( which by extension means tearing yours ... i enjoy provoking people more than i should . it's kind of like taking apart someone to figure out how they work . i am a liar and cheat . i only care about myself , and am the most horrible person you will ever find or meet . i don't say this because it bothers me , only because it is true . i only wish to be ... i read and just entertained myself with my imagination . i did use to have a small group of friends i used to hang out with . we lived in a subdivision and rode our bikes around like we were in a ... i think that i am an average public speaker . my main problem , is that i come up with a plan of how i'm going to make my speech , and rehearse it over and over . then , when i get up to give it , i ... i hated everything except my ap english classes and band . i only had 2 teachers i really liked , and they actually taught me how to express myself when writing literature , or analysing it . this ... i thought about this when i was posting . right now i sleep with a machete on the left side of my bed ( which happens to be the side i sleep on ) , i would say that providing we woke up at the same ... what the entj community did to this question ... i would say this for attractive female friends . it's more of a lust thing really though . i realize that i really don't have feelings for them , i just want to do the old back and forth with them . ... everything in your life was a delusion . you've been in a coma since age three , and we synced your brain with a virtual reality simulator to help develop your cognitive abilities normally . we made ... since he is an exact copy of me in every way , it would be impossible to get him to do anything i did not want to do . he would be trying to use my stuff , and wanting to share my girlfriend . i would ... i made the thread , it appears to have been deleted by a rogue moderator . the only conceivable possibility of ... i think you've just made me realize that i almost only use ni . thanks for the clearest distinction between introverted / extroverted intuition i've ever seen . whenever i debate , i'm rarely trying to ... anarchitektur sorry the delay , i had to let my initial defensive emotions die down before responding again . this whole encounter has led me to an identity crisis , and made me doubt my intp nature . ... anarchitektur 1 . ' guerilla activist ' releases 18,000 scientific papers * - technology review 2 . do you really see any point in pointing out the difference between knowledge and information ? it's ... i completely support it . the main reason is because i have a feeling that with the recent string of hackers stealing information , it will only a matter of time before a hacker makes all of the books ... clayton j . lynn gifted in what aspect ? intelligence ? gifted classes in school ? norbert weensalot judas i recently got a book called just your type by paul d . tieger & barbara barron-tieger here's a little excerpt exploring the compatibility of intps and enfps . i tried to ... roheon you should really study the cognitive functions they will help you in deciding between intp and intj . you can google intp vs intj as well and you will read a bunch of posts people have made ... also , we could set up a system that would automatically relocate your share of the tax dollars directed at news / entertainment based on how much you consumed said product . ( it would be private to ... i'm surprised we do so many of the same things . i've never heard of tumblr , what are some good blogs to follow ? i would take it , if given the ability to die when i wanted to . i would just stay around till i got bored then maybe off myself in a couple of hundred thousand years . find an interesting topic , read a bunch , get more excited , grab shoes , go outside , hop / walk around yard , lay down in grass , continue thinking of idea , get bored , come back in , continue thinking of ... 1 . ignorant 2 . black 3 . tool 4 . pointless 5 . endangered 6 . light 1 . become immortal 2 . fuse artificial intelligence into my own consciousness ( imagine holding all of the collective human knowledge in your mind ) 3 . visit space 4 . make contact with alien life 5 ... suburbanlurker i've never really considered trying to earn thanks . whenever i get thanked it's just , oh cool that person liked what i said . i don't actively pursue them , and have never ... i agree , i've found out that i'm very immature emotionally after dating an entj . after constantly getting bombarded with criticism , and complaints , i would seek revenge by repeating the same ... by that logic , someone who is more apt to plan out their lives would be more likely to have an abortion . ( accidents do happen , i for one had a condom break about 5 days , ago , i got the morning after ... how does this actively improve the gene pool of the population though ? it only reduces population , those who have favorable genes , and those who do not , are killed indiscriminately . jennywocky , i'm relatively new to the mbti , and had some trouble myself distinguishing between intj , and intp . writing this post actually helped me a lot in actually truly understanding the ... i don't see the point of dating a human who acts like a robot when i can just buy a sexbot .. jk jk but really , i dislike my emotions / ego getting jabbed by razor blades on a regular basis , so i'm ... what do you guys think of eugenics , if only implemented in a way that sterilized non-favorable people , and encouraged , favorable people to breed . ( no mass holocaust , or slaughtering of innocents ) kissmyasthma 99 an intp has no direction , no overall strategy , but can plan in a short term way . ( list out the steps to solve a problem x ) an intj on the other hand , has nothing but strategy ... i'm trying to figure out a way to convince a large amount of people to change core values . i . e . getting all the christians to convert to judaism , or something similar . once i've perfected this ... diog 3n3s 1 . the method wasn't really a finished product , more of a vague example to get the idea across . i'm not sure what the percentages should be , but the basic idea is to come up with a ... diog 3n3s 2 . let's bring it down to 100 dollar increments then , or even smaller , if you earn 100k a year you get 20 % taxes , if you earn 100.5 k a year you get 20.5 % taxes on assets . 3 . iq tests , ... just accept the fact that life is pointless , you're going to die , and won't make a lasting difference . then do whatever the heck you want . go work for the red cross , save some lives , go around ... diog 3n3s just a quick response to some of your responses on my proposed amendments . 2 . to prevent this , a standard could be used instead of a line , the more you make the more money is taxed , if you ... i wish someone had told me about this when i first started dating her . in the beginning , i would literally try to prove to her logically why her emotions were inappropriate to the situation . i've ... i can agree with this being in a 2 year relationship with an isfj . what would you think would be the best way to get an isfj to speak about their emotions . normally , i can get her to tell me what's ... i'm an intp and i've been dating an isfj for over 2 years now . in the beginning we had many problems , but i believe that we've both grown immensely since being together . i've worked on developing ... hmm the nt's must've anticipated your attack and dismantled it before it got started . xd ewlsey i was kind of treating these ideas as non-perfected amendments ( that require much more specifications , and realistic variables put into place ) i'll admit the voting specifications are , as ... i'm not an entp , but i can't resist this post , ( hey we have a lot in common right ? ) , also any and all ideas accepted . ( don't shun me because our ne , and ti are reversed =P ) these are mainly ... what do you look for in a mate ? you don't have to list everything , but some things that really jump out at you about people you become interested in . i creeped the infp forum for 3 days straight so i would be equipped to woo an attractive infp girl i recently met . everything went okay . i'm highly upset . i was in the middle of starting a long troll on these guys when the mods just deleted them all , their posts everything . =( i was even about to be read and hopefully be taken in ... this is my current car , except black and with spoiler , and i got it when i had my learners as well . =D mazda 6i 2005 , except mine is black . khan academy he teaches all math from basic arithmetic ( 1 + 1 ) to linear algebra and calculus . he strikes me as an intp , and gives a very intuitive understanding of everything he teaches . ... '