i decided to come back to this post . i wasn't in a very good state of mind last time and i tend to be quite hard on myself when i'm down . what i'd actually do in that situation is just approach ... certain . i can't . thank you for taking the creativity test . the results show your brain dominance as being : left brainright brain 41 % 59 % you are more right-brained than left-brained . the right side of ... exactly . interfuckingact you scaredy shitbeards . hello , fellow infj . welcome ! from what you've shared , if you're not an infj , i'm not either . and i'm quite certain , though open to information . from my experience , i'd say that's a bit of a generalisation . but i am not at all unfamiliar with female friends becoming enamoured with me . it's a terrible situation . especially when we both know ... a regina spektor album , no doubt . she encompasses all that is woman to me , with pretty , whimsical melodies , blunt and scathing critiques of incompetence , purring , heady eroticism and roaring displays ... making friends with males is almost impossible for me . they all seem to me to be incredibly insecure and childlike , using infantile deception to further themselves in all areas of life . i'm wise to ... answering honestly , i'd have to say i approach very directly to break her defences down then keep my eyes open for an entry point and pounce on it . did i mention that i'm an unhealthy infj ? :P answer below losing my religion - r . e . m . i'm in the mood for sharing . got about half an hour , then i'll be on tomorrow . if there's anyone out there who would like an opportunity to pick my brain , go for it . there should be more ... pleasure and pain are equally beautiful when in contrast to nothingness . there is no sensation that is not wonderful on a backdrop of nothingness . think about that . i came from nothingness . at the end , i'll go back to nothingness , forever . this is certain . what happens in between is a holiday . it's the only thing that's malleable , that is unpredictable , that ... for me , the problem in such a situation is that i know that it's not their fault that they feel the way they do and i feel the pain they won't allow themselves to feel . i tend to clumsily try to ... the internet . this is just an educated guess , but perhaps it might be beneficial to make clear your intention to pursue her . : wink : vocaroo | voice message eek i started reading them a while back when , on a whim , i ventured over to the dreaded sci-fi / fantasy corner of my local library and was intrigued by the blurb of assassin's apprentice . quickly , i ... it's a shame most people don't know that you're so resilient . your enemies are , unfortunately , invisible to them . type 4 - five ! : ninja : being able to learn anything is great . being unable to decide where to focus my attention is not . my bullshit detector is a godsend . i like that i have such high standards for myself , even if ...  if an infj is being ' cruel ' to you , i would suggest listening to them more . personally , i would never be ' cruel ' to one person because of being wronged by another . it tends to happen when someone ... in my experience , yes . even intjs . sorry guys . that said , when i'm not on form and i'm more absent-minded and insecure , i'm no more than a curiosity to an intj or a bore to one familiar with my ... these too -    who ? what ? when ? where ? why ? me . this . now . here . unknown . why unknown ? unknown . ... i'd guess the infjs who usually find themselves are the ones who have been knocked down a few pegs . i remember being like you but i got hit where it hurts when i fell in love with a girl whose ... rather . yeah i just watched it . admittedly , i didn't get it until the very end . scary stuff ! i want to respond to this , but i'm drawing a blank . ah well , it's the thought that counts ... my fiancé is an intj . until we met , we never found ourselves . the amazing thing is we are completely different , and yet we are somehow kindred . wherever we differ , we can bolster both ourselves ... empaths : rolleyes : it doesn't sound like you're doing alright . i do the same thing , except now i tend to avoid personal appeals , especially public ones . this is because i am mindful of the next level of anger . when , having poured my heart out , my ... mine tend to come out in rants . i've shouted - on several occasions - that if i had been born in another time or place , i would be considered a very important philosopher and that scribes would ... ah yes . there are some men who are attracted to mature , intelligent women . there are the ones who stalk , capture and suppress them for sport and the types who watch from the shadows , yearning for ... i disliked how the teachers would rather make me out to be insane / dysfunctional than admit that their brand of education was simply not adequate . okay , so the other kids didn't have any problems , but ... doesn't # 3 cancel out the first two ? you have latent leadership qualities and the instinct of the herd is to keep them latent to stop power shifting to you . i'd advise being more dominant . maybe change how you hold yourself . chin up , ... although this appears to be out of nowhere , he has been thinking about it for longer than you would like to know . in saying that he still loves you , he is trying to spare your feelings so that he can ... vocaroo | voice message i'm ravenclaw according to pottermore . i got slytherin last time . but i want to be gryffindor ... : confused : my dove i wish , my love , that i could write a song to make you feel all the things i want you to ; a song to help you deal with all the shit life throws at you ; a song to let you heal ; a song ... great example of empathy in action there . when you realise that the reason why everyone hates you and no one understands is that you're actually the messiah and everything suddenly makes sense . if only the sheeple would wake up and hear your ... thanks for the replies . all very insightful and interesting .