' you have some theory on this ? tell me if you succeed in this , please . although i think much of it is like insanityremix said . i think that sis are more shackled to past experiences and especially how they are raised by their parents as they put most of it to their memory bank . if parent teaches si to be more open for new ... if you really want to share your deeper feelings and thoughts through art , it might be easier to start with smaller audience ( one person closest to you is enough ! ) and move on to bigger audience step ... nah , i don't think it is . i think when i was younger i was more dualistic in the way that nfpwannabe describes , but not to that extent and i have grown out of it for the most part . i too had very ... okey , it's good to hear that it's more about sharing than creating :) come to think of , estp friend of mine can't share much of he's ' trueself ' either . should've known this from that . but he can do ... yeah , it's memorable ( some classical music masterpieces especially ) , but they can't touch me personally on such a deep level . might be just that estps find it really really hard to give anything ... this goes a little of topic , but your post got my attention . i rarely get anything out of plain instrumental music . i usually listen how the singer sings , not what s / he sings . like what kind of ... sounds like you have given up before you have tried . your head is filled with bad ne omens :) if she's not interested you might learn something new about yourself . infj and estj isn't that bad ... here's a link to wikipedia page about personality disorders so you can look and decide yourself :) personality disorder - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia there's mental disorders and personality disorders , anyone can be diagnosed with at least trait ( s ) of some personality disorder ( for example narcissistic personality disorder ) . i assumed you meant ... well said :) sounds like she has scarred you emotionally quite a bit :/ if i were you i tried to find someone outside your family in real life to talk these things through . on what basis do u make this assumption ? can u explain a bit more . i'm really sceptical about this one too , just wanna hear your arguments . and when you say that she wasn't really emotionally available she doesn't get it all , right ? oh u pretty much had answered this one already ... yes , it's very hard to tell a unhealthy sensing ... i listen to music what fits my mood . usually it's calm vocal trance or deep house etc . when i'm angry i listen mostly to rammstein :) so the answer for your questions would be no from me . me in not so good mood :) hi ! here's a little cut from interview of john beebe a jungian analyst about colors and types / functions . jim : whatx 92s the connection between colors and types ? john beebe : c . a . meyers says that ... i meant more like .. uhm . ' subjective ' age than chronological age :) , but to me anything under 25 is young :D i hope you get what i mean , english is not my first language ... and remember these ... i did my guess mostly on reading your description not the function analysis . and on the function analysis fi is highest and te lowest , secondary function ( ne ) is many times underdeveloped , especially ... same here , not very experienced , but i do it sometimes to clear my head . this is usually the hardest part for me too :) i think meditation would be way more useful for extroverts and some ne-users ... sounds to me that you are either infp or infj . how organized are you ? it's not possible to change your type . there's a lot room for improving inside the type though . if you are having depression and social anxiety , blame them for your problems not your type . remember ... what if you knew that the chicken has lived a happy life free etc . and died of normal causes , would you still have trouble ? agree . i'm not sure about that most evil , but if would go evil i would totally destroy someone psychologically by knowing every little detail what s / he is made of and leave nothing :) if you really want to shape or change someone's behavior best way is straight talk :) then they will adapt or not . if you start adapting you will lose yourself . showing an example is just way too ... why does she take you as her target ? why has she become like she is ? maybe understanding her behavior would help a bit ... ( not that it justifys it ) . do u introject / assimilate her feelings without ... there seems to be a lot of misunderstanding between mental disorders and personality disorders here . anyone can be diagnosed with trait ( s ) of a personality disorder ( s ) as it is a classification ... first , didn't read the article . to me it doesn't really matter if mbti as a system can't meet scientific standards . all that matters is that there clearly is different kinds of people that can be ... my line is drawn here too , i mean how on earth could you feel agony of the animal ? :) been together with infp for over 2 years now . i agree that maturity plays a big role in infp & infj relationship . what i like most is that it's very easy to speak about deeper thoughts and feelings ... i think that infjs are exceptionally good at reading other people's faces and hence emotions and also ' group emotions ' as interpreting group behavior . i have most of those 30 traits described but not ... infj . very high pain tolerance , i'm pretty much ' numb ' with all skin senses . i like really tight hugs too ( but not be squazed ) . absolutely lovely . i like pretty much anything with player vs . player aspect although preferred enviroment is some kind of fantasy setting . i guess it combines ' adrenalin rush ' ( se ) and archtype like characters ( ni ) . sure you can , it just takes time . i'm mental health professional and do quite much ' typing ' ( for fun :) ) aside my usual work . very close relationship can make it more difficult though , by making you ... hi , trying to rationalize which type is the best for you isn't going to work . basicly any type can be the one for you if you are healthy enough . te-types can represent your anima and fe-types can ... '