' most think im cold / intimidating or awkward . ' some ' think im approachable , nice , and laidback . its a rather interesting mix lol . sent from my sm-g 955u using tapatalk i keep it to myself . peopple will either forget or not listen ... at least in my experience . then , i just feel uncomfortable sharing things about myself in general . sent from my sm-g 955u using ... nope and im on this site via my phone . sent from my sm-g 955u using tapatalk i'd rather be and remain detached / dismissive than get too attached to people ( not as in being clingy ... but as in having deep emotions ) . ive only gotten highly ( emotionally ) attached to 2 or 3 people ... ive done so many times ! most people never know of my whereabouts ( only mom who lives 18 hours away from me ) ... i just come and go . sent from my sm-g 955u using tapatalk if its a habit , then i dont expect the connection to last long . i will admit that annoys me a tad bit if i constantly see the person online and it takes them over three days to reply to my ... i tend to offend many people just by the tone of my voice . some people have gotten nasty with me in terms of their tone because i dont have that bubbly , feminine , smile on my face 24/7 vibe whenever ... i don't care ( anymore , at least ) . i've lived practically a quarter century my life as a loner anyway , in which people just come and go in less than 6 months . it does not bother me . and , i'll be dead ... yes . i love categorizing things . makes life and planning so much easier . sent from my sm-g 955u using tapatalk i dont know if this new ' academic director ' for my masters program is going to last long . ive been trying to get meet with this fool for 2 semesters to finalize ' fields of study ' plan so i can ... 30 , intj , no . sent from my sm-g 955u using tapatalk i dont like trends nor do i care to follow the herd . sent from my sm-g 955u using tapatalk i'm certainly not easy to get to know . then , i've also gotten many people ( at least the ones who try to befriend or hook up me ) who seem to only like talking to me for the wrong reasons ... whether ... - when you're the only one who doesn't laugh at the random and ' so called funny acts ' that people do in public while in group settings . - when you avoid or remain silent in group settings that ... im the opposite . i sometimes wish that i could sit still and watch youtube videos , netflix , anime a movie or whatever . for years , ive just gotten bored and find i cant sit still for more than 10 ... type b : the over-analytical existentialist pretty much hates everyone and everything , except for beer and narcotics . is profoundly dissatisfied with life in general and the stupidity of every moving ... eh , perhaps . ive weirdly managed to attract several random lusty guys in my life just by talking to them ... i sure as hell dont dress or even try to look sexy whenever im out and about as well . ... yes , one time by a family member . sent from my sm-g 955u using tapatalk @ the infj part what were his percentages for introversion , intuitive , feeling , and judging if you don't mind me asking ? for about a year , i classified myself as an infj.but , my t ( thinking ) and f ... if you told me before , then ... um , i told you three times in the same week . even that many times makes me uncomfortable , to be honest . i'm also the type who does not like to be a ' nag . ' if i ... lol so honestly , how the hell do people define being ' busy ' ? yet , they have the nerve to log on and chat on things like whatsapp , snapchat , and facebook every hour of the day . im on the verge of ... people and their cliques . tribes . herds . whatever the hell you want to call it . sent from my sm-g 955u using tapatalk wow and i thought i was having shîtty luck with contacting people for interviews for my dissertation . im pretty sure ive contacted 12-15 interview sources . yet , only one responded then ' bailed ' ... mostly in terms of these key things : 1 . people who never come through for when i constantly do so for them . it's honestly incompetancy / inefficiency at its finest . 2 . people who constantly ... * if i have very little to say then i dont contribute or escape into sone world in my mind . i cant relate to the superficial things that most people talk about anyway . sent from my ... hai . i switch between infj and intj . then , i just pop through this section here and there every blue moon , i visit the intp section . * mbti : intj enneagram ( with wing ): 5w6 alignment : dont know instinctual variant ( so / sx / sp ): will fill in later . ive shared this somewhere at some point . hogwarts house : ravenclaw i ... newly born intj ( originally leaned infj with a very balanced t and f when i first joined ) i dont have one nor will i ever make one . sent from my sm-g 955u using tapatalk 57 % intj 10 % intp 8 % istj 7 % infj 6 % entj yes for intj . kinda funny how my infj score is very low because thats what i considered myself when i first joined this forum . maybe im also more ... * * when you value competent and efficient people over all things . when you witness people talk about and do stupid things and wonder what is wrong with these people when you're more worried ... don't have any . so , don't know . my definition of a ' friend ' is obviously different that most people who i've come across . in short , someone who makes me feels comfortable , puts effort to care ... i just discovered that i'm more of an intj , and i do not understand why they blocked public access and future registrations to that forum . i used to lurk on that site here and there . any message from people who frequently text lame sh & t like i miss you but never comes around ( when asked very once in a while ) and keeps tabs deserves to be cut out of your life . it's pure fakery . ... i've taken dozens of mbti tests and only got istj one time ( this happened as of recent days ) . i was kind of in a bad state of mind on that day and still kind of am . when i first joined this site , i ... i've probably only fallen hard for one person as of recent days.but , i've never really been in love ... mostly brief ' lusty ' encounters . i've also dealt with many people who've only talked to me for ... getting a degree in computer science . might just get a certification after i'm done with this masters instead . - a lack of organization - having to do too many things at one time - being the center of attention - not completing all of the tasks on my to-do list - talking about myself or my feelings . * * started a response to this then just quit for whatever reason but yes this might not be what you want to see , but i would consider it an ended friendship . for one , its been nearly a year . ... eh , same here . i uncommonly do things in my own , dont like getting attached to people , never cared for social norms , and can be / have been called ) robotic or a mystery . but at the same time , i get ... ive has many guys openly talk to me in person about ' sexy / beautiful ' women who they want to bang ( or to directly quote-who they e want to fúck ) . i do not know if they think it is an ego boost ... i love being highly independent and doing things on my own . really never gave a fùck if people became ' concerned ' either .. the same goes with nit caring to fit in either . my results today . my f ... i took two tests today ( 16personalities and humanmetrics ) and got intj . this is a first . then again , my mindset about people has been rather cynical lately ... sent from my sm-g 955u using ... i hate the ' cry baby and cuddly ' portrayals that i typically read about infjs on the internet . sure , i'm nice and like helping people in life . but , i've made many people uncomfortable and hesitiant ... people who ' wonder ' or who have the nerve to ' get concerned ' for why i choose to do everything alone . there are many reasons for it . sent from my sm-g 955u using tapatalk i've always been left out of groups . or , at first they might ' try ' to include me . then , they see i'm too quiet and eventually exclude me . i've long been at the point to where i just intentionally ... yes , i hate group work . it sucks that my masters thesis has be done with a group . people can just be unreliable as well . all i know is that they have until june 6 before my lines of communication ... how much should i bet that my teammates for my masters thesis wont respond to my text about needing to meet up for summer plans , lol ? i go overseas to a remote country on june 7 and dont return until ... i can't sit and talk to someone on a call for 2 hours on a daily basis . it's draining and who has the time . this mentality might drift people away from me but sorry i can't .. mom : infp dad : estj brother : intp changed to estp ( interesting and hes only 16 ) sister : estj sent from my lg-h 811 using tapatalk no , especially when it comes to women . men ? late 20s and beyond ( excluding my brother who's 16 and who i'm really close to ) women ? late 40s and beyond i'm 24 . '