' when seeing an object or going to a place you suddenly remember all the memories that tie to it which can make you curl up into a ball of sadness sometimes . the hardest part of it is that he's just always there in one way or another . i go to a small private school where there isn't a single face i haven't seen . he's always in the weekly announcement ... i dated this infp for almost two years . we got together before we really ever knew each other over text . our relationship was awkward for the longest time . it started getting better , be he never did ... she's definitely an extrovert , though . she doesn't mind alone time , but she's very open in her opinions and enjoys spending hours talking to her friends when she is invited to something . she refuses ... interesting ! i was typed as isfp . i guess that's a possibility . i'm not very organized in the sense of clean orderness but more organized in the way that i like planning things ahead in the way of ... my mom's typing confuses me a lot . i'm not very good at typing extroverts anyway . she's always busy doing things and overworks herself . she likes pointing out negative things . she feels she has to ... i'm an introvert living in an extroverted culture , and i was wondering what it's like in the reverse - being an extrovert in an introverted culture . tell me the faults and benefits :) my closest friends are all infps . love them all to pieces . best thing is they realize my existence . we all get on great . ooh well good luck ! my finals aren't till after winter break , when i will have forgotten everything . not looking forward too it . interesting :) thanks for your time . hope your finals go / went well ^ _ ^ haha ! i might be . i'm not really sure what i am . i am bad at explaining myself . and my feelings . and coming up with ideas for group projects . or just generally being in group projects . i always have ... what would you suggest i talk about to help you make a distinction ? i don't know what to talk about , really . i'm really bad at explaining myself , sorry :) okay here's some basic things ( i think ) 1 . i'm scared of approaching people because i don't know what to say ( i try to plan it out beforehand if i do ) but i want people to talk to me because i ... try me ? :) i'm not sure what to say about myself , but ask me anything and i'll try to answer in a way that isn't confusing ( i find it hard to explain myself sometimes ) thank you to everyone who replied . there's one thing i want to clarify / touch up on . i cannot choose how i feel or how to look like i feel a certain way . i can sometimes talk myself out of things ... hello , everyone ! lately , i haven't been having very good days . i feel like i'm bugging everyone , and the people i'm not bugging i feel like they don't realize i exist . people daily ask where i ... on saturday , i have winter formal . i enjoy dances very much . i go to a small school where no one can dance and we just kinda jump up and down and act awkward . there's one thing that's bothering me ... if someone does something against my values , i honestly do nothing . it's not my business what other people do . if i think what someone's doing will harm himself / herself or others , i will advise ... you sound super sweet . thank you for being a kind loving person . those traits mean so much to me and probably to so many others . keep being you ! you're wonderful :) it's impossible to judge people based on their personality types , because each individual person could be healthy or unhealthy in their type . but generally speaking from my experience , if all the ... it can be annoying too , i agree . when i enjoy it , it's because i love remembering sentimental things . i usually hate when it's about people though , remembering feelings that i don't have anymore and ... yep ! what you're experience is exactly what i do myself ! interesting , isn't it ? i can't remember specific times that i remember random things , but it happens all the time . i can't remember anything from school but literally once it comes to unimportant details , usually tied ... wolves 273 thank you so much for the kind compliment ! :) ( and don't worry about offending me , i get what you're saying c :) and thank you for your helpful response ! i can definitely tell he's ... robert 2928 thank you for your input . she could possibly not be enfj at all . she sees herself in so many ways which are very obscured . one day she told me she was an introvert because she liked ... littlehawk sofiadarko attic thank you so much for your responses . they are very helpful . so you're thinking i should give him a little more distance , like talk to him less often ? i sometimes find ... i'm attracted in a strange way to other people , and i'm wondering if any isfjs are the same way . i'm attracted mostly to the way people act . like in the way they walk , and the way they laugh , and ... my ex boyfriend is an infp . we call each other friends , but i'm extremely confused on how much of friends we actually are . he never texts me or walks up to me . we only talk in person if he's talking ... as an isfj female , i love when people ask me how i am and spend time with me . however , sometimes i don't like clinginess . it may just be me , but i like people who i feel i need to reach out to , but i ... awww you're so sweet . thank you for the compliments about our type ! i appreciate it very much . i'm an isfj that doesn't know any other isfjs , but i know that a lot of people don't notice when i'm ... i hear you're so adorable ! every day . i don't really understand why i'm adorable , but i don't mind being considered so ! it's usually how i talk , sing , or eat food ( like a hamster , apparently ) , and ... pottermore put me into hufflepuff . and there's no doubt i'm hufflepuff . loyalty and kindness matter to me more than anything , and i try my best to be a loyal , kind person . go hufflepuff ! i'm so glad i'm not the only one . my room is very messy because i don't feel like cleaning often . school things are usually more organized but they aren't when i'm stressed . the more stressed i get , ... i play the flute . i like playing it mostly for fun , so i'm not really the person who practices a lot to become very good . i'm just not very competitive , really . i play in my school's band , which i ... i was really , really shy . i would cling to my mom's leg when she would talk to people , begging for us to go home . i was super sensitive and had little control of my emotions . if i dropped ... i tend to get along with people more like me . i don't know if i've ever met an entp , but i'm sure i have . i get along with most types , but i'm never really good friend-wise with some opposites . i'm a ... i never really know who to consider my friend . i have a lot of people who i hang out a lot with in school , but it's very impersonal and we don't hang out outside of school . if those kind of people ... i really like being around you . you don't need to make things all fancy and planned out to hang out with me . i might be quiet and awkward , but i really want to hang out with you . i just don't invite ... my family has unique christmas tree ornaments including ornaments from places we've gone on vacation , ornaments to symbolize hobbies we have , pictures of our old pets , pictures of us years ago , and ... my mom's an esfj , my dad's an infj , my brother is an infp , and i'm an isfj . i get along with my dad the best . my mom can be a bit too critical , especially when she's stressed , which is very ... i'm curious as to how other people and types view christmastime . a lot of people love christmastime , others hate it like nothing else . tell me what you think and why . for me , i generally enjoy it ... it's hard for me to hide my feelings but not difficult for me to not express them . i'm not sure how to explain it exactly . i usually think people can tell i'm sad more than than they actually do , ... i absolutely love the cold . i just love getting all bundled up in lots of clothes and drinking warm drinks . cold weather somehow puts me into a more cheerful mood . i'm also from california where it's ... i'm very awkward in dancing . i don't like being around crowds , but i don't want to look like the awkward person dancing on the side . with dancing , i feel like i need to blend in . i'd say the thing ... i have three infp friends , but they're all very different from each other . my first is my best friend . she used to actually be much more extroverted , but she has become more introverted as she has ... appearance-wise , i'm most like my dad . i have his mother's eyes . i have his skin tone , his eyebrows , his face shape , his metabolism . i have my mom's hair . i'm most like my dad personality wise too ... i definitely have troubles with hanging onto people who i shouldn't hang on to . in a way , i see the best in people and don't like to assume wrong , even when it's the truth . then when i remember ... sfj having problems with a enfj friend i have a friend who's an enfj . we get along nicely most of the time . i enjoy the conversations i have with her and we have the most random fun times . ... it's an isfj stereotype - but i hate critism . it doesn't do much for me . if i did something wrong , trust me , i know it and i'm working on a solution . however , i have a major problem with getting ... sogood you're right that i might be expecting a lot to be talking to him as often as every week and a half . i'm okay with not talking that often with him . it kinda scares me when he outright avoids ... '