' i can't say i have any one specific belief . i mean why should i limit myself to one simple code that couldn't possibly answer every question when i can learn of so many and see so many new ways of ... when you do something right , no one knows you've done anything at all . that's my motto . though somedays i can revel a little too much in the evil stereotype . if i really put my brain into it i can do it , but afterwards i'll feel pretty exhausted and tired . it's just not something i can do easily . every single day i feel like an alien . i just keep to myself for the most part . it doesn't help that i have a few conditions that will make forming a connection even harder due to their perceived ... big daddy and hit girl from kick-ass . i sometimes feel like an alien . i seem to be the only one near me who acts like i do . in the last year i've talked to like ... 25-50 people or less . i truly feel like an alien . so far it's just been looking . asking once , and not getting anywhere . i'm keeping my eyes out , but it's made pretty much no progress . oh well . i won a diplomatic victory in civilization 5 if that counts . :p roud : then they came to try and stop me since i decided just because i could to embargo spices on grounds of being morally dangerous ... i think istp and i'm pretty sure my mom was an intj , at least form all the stories i've heard she basically kicked a lot of ass and didn't give a shit about what people thought of her . at the same ... infp or infj , i think there may have been feelings on her end . however due to circumstances it was never meant to even begin , and i think we were both saddened by that fact . that was eons ago now ... i feel like leaving , not necessarily all based on morals though . sometimes its just how dumb society is . i can't help them . i can't help them emotionally , i can't help them physically . rationality ... both . i could see a philosophical argument for life ( though few understand why ) , but a practical need for choice . in the end i feel it comes down to each individual and their situation . sadly i have been gifted a natural affinity for thinking up / making new kinds of weaponry . i've chosen not to pursue my natural talents out of ethical reasons . someone else can be proud of that . ... well how bad do you want to win . there are many tactics to win a fight , less so to be right . rarer still are those who have mastered the art of being right , and being fully capable of winning a ... folken fanel from escaflowne . an example of an anti-villain . right now ? this . sheer determination . bar soap . also use scentless moisturizer because if not i can get some pretty serious eczema . trying to explain about the un , something . i don't even know what a diplomat is . you can help me with these answers ... riiiggght ? i'm bored . ( all the freaking time , expecting me to solve ... i don't think it's anything good . i don't know any personally . if my logic can sometimes get other nt's a little offended , then i don't know how they could hope to be friends with me . i have no data ... i can't even imagine working in that kind of environment let alone managing it . eugghhh . the one time i did work in a conventional job i butted heads with the superiors so much because i did too ... so there was this man running across a lake being chased by a fluffy tailed moose . * watching 3:10 to yuma * infj cousin : zero one is ben wade . her religious father : what * laughs * how could he be wade ? infj : because he doesn't really give a shit about your bullshit . me : yea i ... my morals . neutral good human wizard level 4 last time i took the test . i'm 85 % sure my little cousin is an enfp and he is so freaking hilarious . i think it will be the exact same as it's always been . maybe a little more polite . ha ha ... i hate when your walking faster than someone , they speed up , go in front of you , and then slow down . gee thanks assholes . intj can be like that , we notice these little things . science . for me at least . and my own personal system of spirituality and ethics . not to mention all of the horrific things the church has done and does . not for me . they are hypocrites . it's less about working in tandem as it is with having a versatile array of abilities . i can stealth kill , and then burn the shit out of anything i fail to sneak away from . with some other fun spells ... no peak , only ever onward ! sneaky / mage thief . argonian . never-knows-best is his name . a slight bias towards 3rd person , but i have had some first person dreams to equal it out a lot . edit my dreams are like crazy movies . one time i was a dragon slayer running up a mountain , ... i'm pretty sure i know one in real life , and all i can say is hahahaha . guy makes me laugh all the time . he is my little cousin and he says some of the craziest but hilarious stuff ever . in his own ... neither cell phone , nor facebook . i prefer to have my solitude . i have other ways of getting in contact with anyone that i want to . like talking . i'm polite to almost everyone , at first . where it goes form there depends on them . am i nice to everyone ? i can be nice to strangers . i'm definitely not mean . i know one confirmed infj in real life , her father said she was stubborn . supremely stubborn . for the last few weeks . globus - save me . at other points when i feel better or need to feel like a badass self determinator . versus n7 remix . ... i kind of feel bad when my infj cousin comes over , a lot of bad stuff has happened recently here . most people are not picking up on the subconscious downer signals coming from around a lot of the ... * after laughing extremely hard * i hate being in the car with you x , you always make me laugh so hard and run red lights . * me sitting terrified in passenger seat , but also laughing almost ... not a single thing . every mistake and failure , every success and victory has shaped me to who i am . simply being given something would i feel cheapen my experience of life . if i want something , i'll ... i don't know how i do it . i guess people just expect me to be up the next day because some of them need me . i have had to adopt two mantra's to help with self esteem issues when they crop up . 1 ... both , it really depends . i think she has a few points , a few being the key words there . it's covered by too much personal political agenda for my tastes . i don't fit any one in particular . intj is just a baseline . i've evolved and adapted my personality over time . my grandmother was probably a big inspiration in that matter , force cramming feelings ... well that imploded fast , guy had some major insecurities . his friend almost seems like ... palpatine or something trying to get skywalker to turn to the darkside . i have to wonder if there was some ... i was told i was quiet and fairly well behaved as a child . always off on my own . i never did get to ask much about my past to my parents / grandparents . so much analyzing . i don't really have too much to chip in with other than that my infj cousin married an intj . they seem to attract each other a lot . even when i was young i got along with her ... captain star from when i was a young lad . it was one trippy and bizarre cartoon . holy fucking shit ! subtitle : this guy really swears a lot . sub-subtitle : having every reason to . if i were to ever lose my morale compass and code , sure . i just can't see that happening in any circumstance . i'm pretty stubborn . '