' i feel like a rookie professional sports player in a professional sports league with aspirations of being the best . little did i know the referees and bookies had an input into the game , and my ... i always preferred non-fiction to fiction . please tell me you're not a twilight fan lool . but yeah , yal really are a mystery to me . anyways how did you meet your infp friends ? i appreciate the responses guys :) and it's always a pleasure hearing from your infp experiences . it really is frustrating sometimes though . it's like fi is in my drivers seat , and i'm riding along if ... lool . so does peta advocate for the un-unscrewing of light bulbs ? lol , i'm not surprised you guys feel this way , and to be honest , i don't think i'm totally convinced i'd take the pill either .. you guys have no idea how amazing my mental movies are that's an interesting proposal . i actually might be tempted ... i think i'd be so much more productive . actually , i think i'd take it . i'm not going to lie , i find that cute in a girl lool . so what's your name ? :) lool . i'd like to know what you like in a partner too . lol . yeah , i imagine it to be so . so what do you struggle with as a female entj ? and what do you look for in a partner ? great post ! so are you shinning ? wow , great quote ! do you guys think that cultural expectations get in the way of finding your soul mate ? and p . s ... i'd really like to know how you guys define the ' soul ' . that's cool . so how's life as a female entj ? that sounds fun . canada doesn't have really have the college sports atmosphere like in the states :( i don't know about you fellow infps but i've seriously thought of abandoning my fi just for a while . however even the thought of it sounds scary . so my question is have you ever experienced a sense ... wow , that's really cool . so how did you meet him ? what was that instant you felt in your heart that he was the one ? and what was reflected back to you ? i think you're totally right , relationships do take lots of work , and i really do think that love can be established into a right relationship if there at least fertile conditions . and of these ... that is really cool how you put it , and i strangely can relate to your post 100 % . do any of you infps feel like your true self is not the best thing to be in social situation , and so we are on the ... that's bitter sweet . i've always thought of the idea of a ' soul mate ' . it is rather idealistic lol . ohh lol . i think a face-palm gif is needed ... lol , yes i know what you mean . i don't know what the right word to use is though ? is it distraction ? hello :) so what's idaho like ? and do they have an nba team ? lol lol , what do u mean by 10 characters ? do intjs / entjs believe in luck ? lmao that's an interesting perspective , and so doesn't sound western lool . but i think you may actually be on to something . i've always likened emotion to a sea of water . this may sound kind of weird but i strive for a highly energized feeling . it makes me tick , and makes me move , whether it be euphoria or the ' chip on your shoulder ' feeling . at the same time , i feel ... amazing post . i'm not a majority , so i can totally relate to minority infps growing up here in this culture . wow , this post is actually creeping me out . i can totally relate to everything . wow , that's actually pretty interesting . anyways the world we live in today is crazy isn't it ? all these contradictions , political rhetoric , and snooki fever . i admire the intp skepticism :) anyways ... lool ... what kind of popcorn ? so what possible conflicts do you see in the way between a healthy relationship between the two where they can learn from each other ? that's cool , it's distant enough lol . i'm not to sure how the presidents are related , but they all share a blood line . here's some food for thought ... is it a coincidence that all the presidents ( known ) of the u . s are related ? what kind of dogs ? and if u don't mind me asking , how was your relationship with your last bf ? was it to difficult to understand him ? if there's 1 thing i've learned about myself , it's that i love and am drawn to authenticity . i love real music , real everything ! if anyone is familiar with the forms , and the republic , that's kind ... i've never been a fan of metal , but i really love the air guitar . this sound is pretty cool . anyone want to convert me ? lmao . that's what i find so intriguing about intjs . i want to see how we come to the same conclusions using completely polar judging functions . no ... and is there an ' intj under your bed conspiracy ' i dont know about ? ? yeah kinda .. more towards the female intjs . probably because i've never met a calculated woman ;) but even with both genders , id love to see the social interactions . and specifically how the thinking ... i was hoping you could help me make a list :) and random question , would you say intj's in general prefer cats over dogs as pets ? ? lol , dark matter thing was a joke .. that stuff doesn't exist . but i really love the ' mastermind ' label attached to intjs . lmao ... on that note , yeah i guess it is . but yeah , both intj girls and guys seem so cool to me . i see the infp and intj dynamic like particle / antiparticle ( if that actually existed .. ) like the ... lol , is this a reoccurring ' intj fascination ' thread ? hey whats up ? im curious to know specifically what muslim religion praises killing people to get into paradise ? lol , that's why i find the intj woman to be so interesting . more than anything , i'm looking for similar mannerisms , facial expressions common amongst the type . it's funny though , is it naive of me ... just to clear the air ... i do have red shades . well that's pretty much what the current world order is like , or is moving closer towards . separation of religion and state . so how do you think the world system ( western politics ) is now ? is it ... lol , really ? so what dimension are you in exactly ? i've always grew up feeling rather uncomfortable . maybe it was because of denying my authentic self . it's weird though , growing up as a ' male infp ' definitely wasn't easy in high school . for some ... i must admit , i am obsessed with the idea of meeting an intj girl . maybe it's the red tinted shades that has me idealistically craving .. anyways how can i find you women ? and what are some dead give ... astrology is merely modern day superstition to me . '