' i've been trying to let things go recently , especially people who i know for a fact aren't helping me grow or even really care for me . it's been pretty hard . i promised myself i would try to focus ... don't even know anymore . somewhat numb , but still pretty gloomy and irritable . yay for the combo . someone to cuddle with and fall asleep next to . also , maybe feeling wanted / needed . i'm tired of meeting people who make me feel worthless . i get that i am sensitive and that might not be their intention but seriously what's up with meeting mostly assholes ? ? like do you get off the ... i wish i could just not give a fuck anymore and even feeling empty or numb would be better at this point . everything is way too much for me to handle i feel so overwhelmed and there's nothing i can ... i feel like i'm about to go completely crazy , if i'm not already ... i'm feeling everything at once and it's too much . emotional stability . that's too much to ask for , isn't it ? i don't feel like i'm the same person at all . i feel i've changed a lot and i'm still adjusting to who i've become . english and french , i'm bilingual . romanian since both of my parents were born in romania and taught my sister and i . spanish , four years of high school although i'm pretty rusty . i understand ... i think sometimes people forget how important it is to have that one person around you that says go for it . especially for someone who has the tendency to be selfless or scared of disappointing ... you know what's sad ? realizing that even miles away from home , no matter where i go i still live my life for someone other than myself . always waiting for a future to come , living for that ... i'm finally in japan , my life long dream and i miss home ... how pathetic . i feel so disappointed in myself . i can't seem to do anything right , can't seem to be that person i aspire to become . it's ... i'm tired of disappointing myself ... and yet i keep doing it . please don't forget about this thread , i'm looking forward to your analysis ! xd personal change and ... moneyyy . sometimes i briefly get that crazy feeling where i feel capable of anything , where i feel like soaring through the clouds and running barefoot on dewy grass , where i feel powerful and alive . i wish ...  in that case feel free to pm me if you feel like talking . there are few things that feel worse than not having anyone to talk to when you really need a listening ear or actual help . hang in there : frustrating : ! ! things aren't always easy ( rarely in fact :d ry :) , but they can't remain shitty forever ... stay strong . sometimes little things can help enormously ; try listening to ... so i've realized recently that my productivity increases tenfold when i just stop caring or detach myself from things , but then at the same time i find it creates such a feeling of emptiness . i ... my stupid space bar doesn't always work for some reason and it's pissing me off - . - . well ok , it might be because i jumped on my bed forgetting my laptop was there and kneed it xd ... all . the . time . seriously it's like a disease in my case ... can't get rid of it . most people can get it done before the deadline though , but not even a deadline proves to be enough for me . and trust ... when people constantly ask you you're quiet , aren't you ? ... when you space out a lot and imagine all sorts of scenarios . when you procrastinate to no end . i'm building an empire of boogers ... or so i was thinking while blowing my nose the umpteenth time . i think the whole empire imagery was just so i could feel better about having my cold : sad : i still ... someone tell me it gets better ...  how many languages can you speak / have you learned ? i can speak four : english , french , romanian and spanish do you like learning languages ? yes , i love learning new languages although it can seem ... so recently i bought sia's new album as well as tegan and sara's and got a discount on a few cds from which i picked one of bjork's first albums , post . i feel like i hadn't gotten anything for myself ... i fell in love with spirited away when i first saw it , but now i like it a little less for some reason . those special to me are kiki's delivery service , princess mononoke , nausicaa and howl's ... true kindness isnx 92t something wex 92re born with . itx 92s something we had to work on . - natsuki takaya ( character kyoko honda , fruits basket ) negative rant alert . : shocked :: shocked :: shocked : i am so screwed right now ... i have an essay to finish ( in max two hours ) which is already late , so i'll have 12 % docked from the grade . if that's ... i feel this is stupid ... but i kinda was hoping to get flowers on valentine's ... : sad : . i haven't really expressed myself in a long time and my journal remains on my bed table accumulating dust . i don't know why i get like this , but it feels like i'm running away from my own thoughts ...  so i recieved these awesome headphones for christmas and it's so amazing . i thought i was fine with my earphones ... but now i think i can never go back , i just feel like this is a whole new world i ... note to self : do not write to people you've already decided to cut out of your life ... seriously , why do i have so much trouble burning bridges and sticking to it - . - ? sigh . feeling real shitty ... as if my heart was made of lead and would drag me to the bottom of the ocean . i can't entirely explain why . nothing feels right right now ... '