' i agree . an unhealthy esfj would habitually use outbursts of emotion to manipulate ( and be histrionic with these outbursts most likely , cersei only wishes to draw attention when needed ) & sway other ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? isfp . 2 : what's your gender ? cisgender female . 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? middle . 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? ... i agree with belle & pocahontas ' typings but as for the others , i'd have to watch the movies again to get reacquainted with their characters . oh man i hate getting my face very wet i always stand with my back to the shower & when i wash my face i fill my hands with water & rinse it like you would at the sink . i also engage in the ritual of ... ( regardless of if this gets moved i want to reply ) not going to lie at all here , i've felt this way because i felt i had something to prove . and when i thought i was a ti-dom , i didn't want ... to me it seems isfp symbolism in music is easier to ' decode ' than infp symbolism . if i were writing a song , i wouldn't feel comfortable with a high amount of abstract symbolism used in some ... i was once told i remind someone of jo from supernatural ( not sure if i like that comparison but hey ) . also that i was like phoebe from friends ( which i was very flattered to hear ) . i personally ... it gave me enfp with my level six word as revelation . hmmm . derek has always truck me as using fi because he expresses his feelings through action more that words . but it is true his shortsightedness & impatience is a se-trait ( one i share ) . also , te is ... not 100 % on the types of each character , but regardless i associate these characters with these types . estp : tom haverford ( he may be an entp ) esfp : ? ? ? istj : dana scullyrick grimes istp : emma ... scott is such a doe-eyed idealist & romantic i can't imagine him being a thinker . and he rose to the task of being a leader so quickly i can't see introvert either ( especially not isfp ) . he's ruled ... well , not all entjs are in-your-face & rude . : tongue : entj is my shadow . as long as they're not too domineering & invasive i get along with them alright . what . i only have 7 open , i'm a lightweight . : cool : what about monica from friends ? i can also see estj , but she's so fixated on marriage & children & wanting someone to nurture . okay i'll bite . i've bolded what i identify with in this description of my sign - taurus . positives : taurus people are caring and loving ( yes but not in the traditional cookie & a hug way ) . they ... esfp ( frisky jumping esfp fox : wink :) well , the only movie character whose type i'm sure of is newton geiszler from pacific rim ( supporting character , gets a good amount of screen time ) , who has to be the blatantly obvious entp i've ever ... as for easily taken , i'll say this site's cognitive quiz . as for overall accuracy , i'll say keys 2cognition . only estjs , esfjs , & enfjs are great matches for me ? yeah i think my options aren't limited to three types . :d ry : isfp doesn't automatically mean bad at math & science . maybe it's less common for us to be , but feelers are not incapable of understanding systems that don't relate to our feelings . personally , i'm ... why do i ever bother being in tv fandoms online oh my god they can be the most whiny , melodramatic bunch of brats you've ever met it's not that fun anymore maybe i should just quit & start a ... does anyone else get results as a type that you are not ? most of the time i get intp , sometimes istp & every now & then istj . i get isfp when taking one that's aware of what mbti actually is like ... you remember a period of your life & automatically think of your favourite song of the time , the weather at the time & what you commonly ate at the time . anyone who texts you with language like i need my honey plzzz xxx is someone to stay far away from . i agree if you really think that say infps can only be fours , entjs can only be eights & so on . and will automatically disbelieve that someone could be of an unconventional mbtienneagram pairing ... entp huh . flattering , but i'm an isfp . : wink : i have noticed many of my favourite characters are entps ( i have a love for snarky narcissists ) . newton geiszler is very , very much an entp in my ... either istp or istj ( i know those types ' functions are quite different but i get a xstx vibe from the characters you listed ) . newton geiszler ( pacific rim ) katherine pierce ( the ... watercolour tattoos oh man i'm in love . ... i'm an isfp , i never go anywhere without an easel & paintbrush . i just can't contain my artistic-ness . i'm dopey but so sweet & i love children & animals ! i'm so shy & sweet over here with my ... isfp ( seems arty for some reason , i thought isfp even before i saw you were one ) - isfp - your score was 56 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the low machs , people who will hold out for the goodness of the world and avoid manipulation . not the people machiavelli would ... around people i don't know , i hardly swear at all . around people i know i swear a lot . mostly it's for comic affect . when i'm angry i tend to swear less , i feel like too many curses when mad can make ... i feel like a fish out of the water in the isfp forum , most of the topics interest me so little it's pitiful . : confused : i enjoy the enneagram forums because i relate to the enneagram system more ... i feel uneasy if i don't know what time it is . even when i have nothing important to doanything planned . it looks fun & it's really cute & i like hearing about all those weird things you have to ' find . ' but i've been aware of it for two years now & all the zaniness has kind of become redundant to me ... who is your favorite villain ? why ? hannibal lecter ( most recently from nbc hannibal ) . mostly because he is 100 % irredeemable . pure , unfiltered evil . just the way i like them . : cool : are there ... 5w6 intp . your avatar gives me an interconnected systems vibe ~ lost me at the career part . my sexual experience is a bit limited but i voted infj . he was tender , passionate & methodical . : blushed : infj because they're the rarest type ( except on personality forums ) . then next would be infp & intp . well all the inxx types are romanticized . addiction is deeply embedded in my genetic code in a way . so i don't touch any substance . and when i have , i felt too loose , too close to possibly losing control . this isn't very se of me , but losing ... help my simple sensor brain can't process this idea . alright true true . except one infp i met a while ago ... i'm not still in canada although i grew up there ( my parents were & are very political-oriented & are quite liberal ) , i live in the us ... i'm not sure if there really are correlations but ... i'm a socialist & egalitarian . ah yes ! and then sometimes she'll start a conversation with someone else or god forbid , me , over the loud commercials . and it feels like my head is a hot engine & might explode . : confused : i can be quite loud around people i'm comfortable with . i even have an inner entp that occasionally likes to poke people just to see their reaction . you have no clue how much i love telling people i ... i'm not a hipster & can't draw or paint to save my life ( i hardly care for art in that form ) . i also am seldom interested in topics in the isfp forum on this site . infj : just ... teach me to be you . '