 blodsmak - sveltihel  he's brilliant ! but this was the episode where he had regeneration sickness . so we should wait on judging before we see more of him :P  that's kinda cool ... it's somehow modern with an old new-wave kind of tone to it . typical indie i suppose . not really my kind of music but it's still good . this my friends , is honningbarna ... austin powers . the spy who shagged me . austin powers . international man of mystery .  ^ i see we're on the same level !  same old song and dance - aerosmith one way street - aerosmith ( warming up for the gig next week )  zombie eat horn-horse brains ! wanna see me as a zombie ?   and my wounds ... does your mother know - abba does your mother know - abba i gotta use my soundsword now . soundswooord ! ! ! nnnnnnhhhjuaaah ! ! this post is unacceptableee ! ! ! yes it's including the fjords snd isles . did you know , we got the biggest coast line besides chile . it's 3x bigger than the total length of the equator belt . anyway , i see we are more from scandinavia here . is there a group for ... hey ! fellow norwegian ! i didn't reallize ! hallo der :D though it's not really that small in size ... only in population . you're worthy , you're worthy , get up ! well i might've lost my glasses so my eyes are killing me atm ... so feel with'ya dude . though if the reason you're down is worse in any way , i'll redraw that remark . so ... this is a post of all types that could be valued as ... fabolous unicorns ? i'm gonna go all nope and be a rainicorn instead ... nah , he've always been a douche . but now he's just badass ! still a douche , just a badass douche . wildstar beta : 3 i got now exactly 100 thanks and done 50 thanks myself ! that is quite an awesome achievement ! yh i posted that before the i saw episode 3 and 4 :P wreck-it ralph  i was watching wreck-it ralph and suddenly came to the conclusion that this guy might actually be an ... ^ that's next on my list : 3 and end of my disney run D: now i'm watching wreck-it ralph wildstar beta . the game's entertaining , but it's a nightmare choosing class and it kills ...  star wars episode vii cast is confirmed ! there's no silly disney teenagers in it ! the original cast is there ! andy serkis is among the new guys ! i'm gonna die of excitement but i can't die before i ... meet the robinsons