' do you believe in destiny ? ... no . destiny is a lazy person's excuse for not getting up and taking action . do you enjoy flirting for its own sake ? no . there's no benefit to that . does ... thanks guys . i'm planning on telling my teacher first tomorrow , to see if the problem is something i should tell a counselor first . i really do want to go , but i just find it very hard to believe ... oddly enough , i never enjoyed playing with legos . my mother bought me a set as a child and i rarely played with it . however , when i was especially young , i attended ballet school and they had a ... seems completely serious to me . i've told him many times the idea of doing so is absurd and impractical , as well as a bit insane , considering we're too young to be thinking about such things . from my ... normally , i do not panic easily . but recently , a classmate of mine has become very interested in weapons and killing . for christmas , he received an assassin's creed 3 video game . i also received one ... it's possible that you may have mistyped her . but whether or not you did , don't completely avoid esfps . same goes for other types . i'm actually good friends with an esfp . we're complete opposites , ... although i like most animals in general , your rabbit is * insert positive adjective here * . his eyes are huge . how old is he ? did the rest of the litter just die ... naturally ? ... i see you have some repressed issues involving chihuahuas . my yorkie was quite similar , although i still loved her . i pity all the animals i care for . only a third of all the animals i have ever ... chihuahuas seem adorable , but somehow give off this spoiled vibe . xd i wanted one before i got my yorkie , but after learning how yorkies are quite stubborn dogs , and knowing that chihuahuas are ... those cats creep the crap out of me . but thanks , nonetheless . xd * goes to do some intense research on cats * swordsmanbudo why ? why ? why ? just ... just why would you post that picture ? i have been deprived of a furry animal ( wow ... the wrongness ) and you just had to go and post that . thanks . just made my ... i like dogs , cats , and reptiles . however , i don't hang around many dogs or cats because of allergies . the only dog i have ever owned was a yorkie . the place i live at currently only allows cats . i ... just wondering whether or not any of you intjs have pets . we're obviously not known as people persons , however do you guys own pets for the company ? just to start it off , i have two turtles and a ... would you ever adopt a child ? probably . if i am ever married , there are slim chances that i would change my mind and want to actually give birth . so , yes . would you ever cheat on your partner ? no , ... 1 . happy are you ? 5 . 2 . socially skilled are you ? 5 . 3 . lazy are you ? 6.5 4 . emotional are you ? 2 5 . book smart are you ? 9 i know for a fact that intjs have at least some kind of trouble with their emotions . as an intj who is not all that experienced in life , i just wanted to know what the rest of you think ( anyone , ... mom : istj dad : isfj me : intj maternal grandmother : inxj paternal grandmother : isxp sports were a no-no . it wasn't as though i was terrible at them , i did fine in fact , however , it just was not my thing . sometimes , i might like to go swimming , and because i was super tall , and my ... i have only one friend . well , that's how i like to think of it . she's an extx . i simply don't like to have people in my realm of darkness . plus , i don't need friends much . i do find without ... depends on the person i'm fighting with . if they're ignorant and simply a tad too less intelligent than i , i'd probably just ignore the person and let it be . however , if i know for a fact that i am ... now , i know that it is typical that intjs tend to have clean rooms and whatnot , but i am not included in that number , unfortunately . i work on so many projects that have seemed to pile up on a shelf ... i'm not included in that number . yes , i'm sure that many of you can say that the movie totally sucked ( and if you don't , at least the critics do ) , but just wondering , what are the personality types of the characters ? there's ... 8: 43 - my bearded dragon is seriously stinking up the living room . dx does she know about your feelings ? . ___ . first of all , you shouldn't be relying on types for your love life . it's like only falling in love with people whose names start with k . everyone is different . personally , i don't think intjs have a ... do you find it easier to hug somebody you only see as a friend rather than a romantic interest ? nah . i typically just hug family members if anyone . i've hugged a friend once or twice , but then ... 1 ) do you like tea ? specifically hot tea . hm . i haven't tried tea so many times . there is some sort of tea in some vietnamese restaurants that i've taken a sip of and have no problem with , but ... i don't think you understand . i'm not looking to show off or anything . i'm just wondering if being too quiet is a problem . i really don't care if other people tell me to be more outgoing , but so many ... batman andy dufresne thank you for your help . : 3 i definitely don't want to be overlooked , because i know that i am just as good as extroverts , but why can't people just pay attention to everyone ? i guess i might speak ... i don't see how that answers my question . . - . but thank you for commenting ... ? thank you so much for your help . dx hopefully , we won't be as close this year ( what a bad thing to hope dx ) , and i don't have to tell her it right to her face . actually , i believe that i was according to keirsey ( not quite sure ) , that intjs are more compatible with enfps , because they are the complete opposite , excluding the n they have in common . i ... i've decided , again , to ask the people who share my personality type for advice . i am currently a student doing extremely well in school . top grades and everything . however , i'd rather keep to myself ... intjs usually have a close group of friends . i have a very close relationship with a friend of mine that i met in my elementary years . as years passed , we were separated from each other . recently , we ... heller . welcome to the place . : 3 i've been wondering whether or not intjs have that unique ability that enables them to easily befriend special people ( people suffering from autism , etc . ) . if so , why ? does it have anything to do ... true . however , i did feel a bit guilty after that incident with the guy classmate . he's smart , but doesn't know how to use it . and his arrogant , jerk personality makes everyone hate him . the fact ... it's happened to me several times in the past . there was that guy in elementary who would constantly nag me and try to piss me off because i got good grades . there was a lot competition in school , ... xd thank you . you've been most helpful . what is danny o'donoghue's , the script's lead vocalist , personality type ? if you would like an interview sample : ( he's the one in the middle . ) ... i have no idea whether to feel flattered or creeped out by this thread . thank you . : 3 as an intj teen , i often find myself a bit at war with my parents . my father is an istp and my mother is an istj . my father is constantly lecturing me , which i know is his way of helping me , but ... what personality type do you tend to get along well with ? as in friendships / dating ? i do not need , although i would like to , know this information . the reason in this case is because i am currently developing a character for a small story of mine . i am currently trying to make him ... i'm sure that you intjs will be able to answer such a problem . as a person still quite new to the meyer-briggs and jung personality types , i am unsure of the answer to this question : what personality ... personally , i hate reading anything that is not organized , grammatically correct , with misspellings . often , i just stop reading whatever it is , and move on . although i don't go too crazy about simple ... '