' do a project or activity together that uses everyone ? so everyone will have something to commonly talk about ? i mean you guys are all in the same class so that is one thing the class has in common oh yea i get what you mean . i tend to jump into things as well because im really impatient to go thru any type of trial or first steps i just want to get to the final step now he most likely likes you those are the same exact ways i would probably react to someone i had a crush on this is very funny ! the ones i know can hold the biggest grudge for the longest and it eats them up inside it's like just spill it out and get over it and you'll be mad but then it'll go away i learn the best by actually doing it , so i guess technically that's what you do too ? otherwise maybe watching someone else do it ? ok if someone i was trying to be with said things like that to me i would most likely cut ties with them . she pretty much said in black and white if she could fix it and be with him she would so that ... this reminded me the other day i broke a couple plates at work and my boss seen . lol i feel really bad about it after i will try to be extra helpful and nice to make up for mistake . if you really like this girl you guys will get thru this . i've never been in a situation like that so i can't relate much , but i'd figure as long as she didn't do anything too drastic ( and if she ... this is kinda funny reminded me that i'm always merging words together sometimes when my mouth moves faster than my mind . like the other day i said i wanted to go see my prescriptionist instead of ... i'm currently dating an infj for just about a year now :) so this is going to be an opinion based on him and maybe a few infjs i've known here and there but mostly him since the others i wasn't that ... i agree with what she said about us needing to experience things ourselves to actually get it , i think it's cause i need to feel for myself cause i can never really know what i'd do in a situation ... i was thinking about this the other day ! sometimes i can be the smoothest talker in the room , other times i can seem really off the beat as much as i hate to agree with this i do . before you go into painting , music , drawing ... get a day job first . you are fine the way you are . you don't have to explain yourself to anyone for any reason . you are as good a person as the next guy so no need to over analyze yourself just be yourself and everything ... the more over the top the better lol i'd say you should write a letter and read it to them in person :) why do you like interacting with people so much ? because it makes me feel great to learn about people and laugh and have great conversation i can think about . people are probably the biggest part ... i put jedi cause they always win lol and i don't think i could go around and murder innocent people like the sith do , right ? yea i do the same thing ! the initial feeling will be like grr i'm so mad ! and then i eventually calm down and either forget about it or realize it isn't such a big deal to me anymore since the ... yea i know how that trying to inform without hitting that line where you'd call it bragging i don't really find much of a problem with this ? i mean in a job interview the point is to make yourself out to be the best choice for the job so yea i'm gonna sell out as much of my good points as ... yea i find myself usually great at making people laugh but then there's those who don't get my humor this is like exactly what i would of responded with . i am dating an infj now and i can irritate him sometimes cause i ask if he's upset , or happy , or sad , or just generally how is feeling things ... i don't think i have much of a problem with forgiving people , maybe when the incident first happens i may not forgive soon but eventually i always seem to give people another chance . depending on the ... it's funny cause i'm with this introverted guy now and he tells me i go into social mode when around other people . i don't think it's for attention it's for me ? if that makes sense .. lol but just ... i feel the same exact way ! well i'm in a relationship now , but before it was like if i find one cool if i don't i'm happy with me ! i'd look around at people who longed for this great relationship and ... my dad is istp , mom esfj .. i don't think i was screwed over by them they are and still are great parents and i respect them so much . sure maybe we aren't close like i can be with n type people but ... i'm in culinary arts school and i love it :) when a lady walks into an elevator with you and she is holding your favorite candy and you say omg i love those ! and she hands you the whole thing someone's values just got rumbled ;) very interesting survey thing :) 1 ) what is your gender ? male 2 ) what is your enneagram ( including wing ) ? don't know 3 ) what is your instinct variant ? don't know 4 ) what is your tritype ? don't ... i can't agree with this ! lol i am a cheapskate , a lot of people know this . i've dealt with many messed up people and learned ( thankfully ) when i was younger about being too generous , so now i'm very ... yea i remember one of my favorite games as a young kid was pretending i was someone else yea i agree with that because we know ourselves better yea and the funniest part was that it always felt bad about being an ass after the fact so it was like a double edged sword lol this was back when i was around 10-13 but what's weird is before then ... no i don't think i've ever experienced anything like that when i feel myself gettin closer to someone , at least maybe not as dramatic ? when i have this closey type of convos with other people i just ... i can think of one word .. asshole lol i think enfps can go throw so many different moods so there is a chance you could be that type , when i'm alone for awhile ( actually right now might be an example as i'm posting this ) i feel more ... i currently have several s type friends and the good thing with them is that they can just be plain fun to be around and see how they react to things , but its like there has to be more than just one ... i agree with i'm horrible at sticking to things i think every type has something that i admire everyone has strengths and weaknesses and it's so interesting to see how different people interact with each other act on your impulses don't think about it just do it . sometimes it's really hard for me to do the things i know i need to do cause i have that oh i'll just do it a little later attitude . i know that ... idk why but this is funny lol i think it could be a lot of things i can relate to him though ... but i wouldn't consider it a problem since i know it's just how i am , and it's not that serious to the point where i won't talk about ... guilty as charged , i can be a very promiscuous guy but at the same time when i find that right person i can be extremely committed . i enjoy the idea of getting a sample of different people but at the ... yes ! i agree with homosexually being touched on in early schooling so that it isn't this weird taboo especially to younger kids . i don't think this would stop gays from being targeted by bullies but ... growing a pair can mean different things to a lot of people so that is kind of a weird thing to say to a problem like this , seems like the easy answer . but like that cliche saying goes it's easier ... it's kinda hard to say cause when i'm with someone i actually do want to express some kind of feelings for the flirting comes so naturally i don't notice i'm doing it , it's like i just become a ... i like to flirt because it can be a cute way to communicate , if the other person thinks it means i'm seriously interested , well flirting isn't a serious thing to me i can tell when someone is interested in me easily , but it takes me to actually have some sort of friend connection with them first , but once you guys start talking if you both click than i'm sure ... '