' i find it very possible to hate , just not for long periods of time . a month is the longest i have gone hating someone and that person was my enemy if will , arch nemesis ? bully ? lol how do you stay committed to people ? how did you deal with all the emotions involved ? - honesty really i find the more walls and distant i am the harder it is to stay commited . not to mention the ... :d ry : aww no help from you people ? would have thought nfs would be all over this trying to help : rolleyes : tring to find out if this girl i work with is enfp or not , because she reminds me of one . first off i will confess i do find her attractive and i mean her personalality lol . second she has been ...  i get that way as well , i can however spend an extreme amount of time alone , i get lonely doing it but i don't go stir crazy or whatever i can deal with the loneliness . but all it takes to keep me ... ok i asked this in the infp thread figured id ask here anyone wanna be 3ds friends and who play pokemon x and y . :) i will link the other post here with my friend code . ... any one playing the new pokemon games x and y on 3ds and wanna add me ? i am looking for pokemon friends to trade and battle with : kitteh : my friend code : 1564 - 4135 - 9291 i personally think the straight forward approach works with me , my last girlfriend was enfp i suspect i met her long before i even knew about this stuff but from what i know of her she screams enfp ... um i am always 10 % off from being e , so i am pretty close . i get those moments where i can burst out and be outgoing in situations id normally feel uncomfortable in , although rare . so idk if that's ... i realized leftovers is a test to see how much people really do like your cooking or if it were all lies ! ! ! if they really liked your cooking in the first place they would want more the next day and ... lol yea i should , i am usually lurking in the test threads or giving my two cents in the infp section . never really thought about joining with you guys : shocked : such a horrible crime i have ... interesting , honestly haven't met an intj who has been mean to me , but than again knowing tjs its because i haven't said anything stupid to them : laughing : oh hugs ! ! : shocked : * receives big hug * my one friend said she thinks intjs are mean i have never seen it ... : wink : ( than again those intjs are all three of her sisters lol ) well i was feeling mischievous the previous night , and i love enfps and was wondering what reactions i would get because yopu guys are hilarious . :p roud : i am always up for some new friends : shocked : yay ! ! ! question ... 199634 1996 26 so i have been beating myself up over a girl i have loved since my childhood and it has been so painful , been like 12 years and finally the pain is gone , disappeared just realized one day i dont care ... personally dude , think shes confused as to what she wants but probably wanted you to go hang out with her and feels abandoned because you wanna go to the tourney . girls man they are confusing because ... love meee ! ! ! : frustrating : ... wow sorry can't help with this , never had a bad relationship with another infp ... was either neutral meaning we talked but like nothing other than less than meaningful conversations ... oooh ooh i want coffee ! ! ! someone pick me ! ! ... 199618 guitarrabbi know the feels bro , personally i think your not in the wrong . being infp mostly likely your gullible like most infps and easy to pick on :P also the oldest and the oldest always gets the ... apparently i am horse ... to be honest , i would prefer in that situation being the infp that you were to be honest with me completely but do it subtle and slow by starting off slow and being straight i guess . i personally had ... you know your an infp when ... i always thought infps were like secret hipsters lol like the hipster you didn't know where hipsters but have like the attitude of one , i sometimes sound like one but i dont dress like one or ... i have had issue with people like that especially with the whole cop in missouri , i openly expressed my feelings toward the cop and my step father ( ex police officer ) demanded i delete it and ... hakuna matata  wow dude totally express who i am completely xd wow omg that crazy honestly no idea dude was just messing around xd i love russians just as much as germans , but i love japanese more ! nihon ! emi tada mawari messiong to bakadearu koto :p roud : i am feeling a ton of mix emotions that i am trying to bottle for the current moment because i do not have the energy physically nor mentally to deal with them right now . all which include : sad , ... i do all the time , but than once the anger dies out i think myself everyone needs a second chance , but than after second chance i cut them off until they make it up to me or atleast apologize through ... i always trying to sneak my way into taking charge of one thing or another , i don't necessarily take charge lol i am told i am a very sneaky person and i talk people into giving me the leadership ... otvet na zhizni pirog ! eto russkiy ya znayu nemetskiy : laughing : so idk what to post , but this is what i got type : generator profile : 1 / 3 definition : triple split definition inner authority : emotional - solar plexus strategy : to respond theme : ... really depends , psychology suggest its lack of confidence because confident people will play the power role by looking into peoples eyes . but in this case as your just alone and no ones around could ... oh oh another i just found gold ! watch video , not complete guide on introverts but helps : laughing : i absolutely love this video , because for some extroverts in my life they believe allot of these myths about introverts and force ... ... i am bored , woke up at 7 am :d ry : on a saturday ... my body decides ... wake up ! and i couldn't go back to sleep , i have never been up this early for anything other than work and idk what to do ... so i was working and the idea came to thought when i over heard two girls talking about a guy who they apparently thought was impressive and i mean in attractive way . apparently something he did made ... dude go for it , so many times i wish i did and i didn't and totally regret it , either way going to eventually lose her , cuz you take the chance that she does like you and you never express you like ... black darkness ... emptiness ... void of nothing ! ! ! ... :d ry : i find most istj , as much as you guys like to hide them are riddled with insecurities and judge others based off them or even jumped to seemingly irrational conclusions that you paste rational on ... interesting ... not something i would generally listen to but had a nice sound to it :p roud : i want a wife ... just a wife ... maybe a rich wife atleast ... not for superficial reasons just be easier to enjoy her company if money wasn't an issue : laughing : well a friend of mine just helped me realize why i have such issues opening up to people ... its not to protect my ideals or whatever ... its because i am afraid to get attached cuz when i do all ... i find the only different from infjs i know vs infps i know and me is that infj's are more self driven ... i feel that this is the j behind it ... cuz ps we can start stuff get bored and let go ... '