rhett and links mythical rooster ? ;) there is a saying : you cannot debate with stupidity . stupid people really go on my nerves . when i was younger i tried to convince them . now i am just happy if i maybe get them thinking ... really ... every infj has got priciples . things they hold on dearly . guidelines for themselves which they harldy ever cross , and if they do they end up having a huge conflict with their own self . for me , one ... i think this puts it quite nice . people with low self-esteem are less attractive . no matter what type they are . i've met an infj male once . he would have been my first choice , but it did not work out ... i am hard working and good at work . my grades are literally the best possible . i am competent , trustworthy , always on time , independent , never slacking off . i outdo most trainees in this profession ... i would press the button . i know there exists good , animals are innocent and nature is beautiful . but humanity is in my eyes one huge mess and it is not able to change . some do . the majority is just ... well hmmm ... i play / ed banjo kazooie donkey kong mario 64 many different horse related games tekken 3,5 and 6 drakensang ' river of time ' ( i have no idea if it was ever availabe in english ... i am now thinking so hard , my thoughts are running wild and i'm unable to write down any of them o_o trying to anyway ^ ^ yeah i know those situations ... and oh how i know them . sometimes i feel ... when i was little i tended to cry myself out at my moms shoulder because she worked and rarely was ever here , i begged for her attention this way > . < now i am mostly just sleeping not talking to ... me neither ;) 303650 if you do not try it , you will never know how it will work out . surely people can advice you , but the ultimate decision and experience lies with you . if you learn from your experience it was not ... well success is not something that will simply pass by , say hello and stay forever . it is hard work . it does not come with a new job , or a new surrounding . :) there is no ' can't do because of this ... this world sadly often works in this way : either you do something you love and have fun with and do not earn really much or ... well you decide to just work for the money ... a job kind of always is as ... well if you don't change , that's great . i advice you then to not make a big fuss over her beeing different from other girls you've dated ;) be yourself . if you are yourself and everything works out , it will be the good . if you are yourself and it does not work out , you will meet another woman someday . if you ' change ' yourself for her ... haha , this is so me xd sometimes i do not even bother getting to know them because in my fantasy it did not work out with them ... > . < actually ... it never ends well ... me talking to a crush i know ... many people see me as safe ... i think o_o i do not xd i am like a candle . people passing by enjoy my company , think i am harmless and a nice little thing . if you let me burn too long though there ... yeah i can relate to this . my friends seem to have so much fun and do so many things i do not really care about , i kind of want to experience it too but at the same time i know , it is not what i ... similar to me . i never had this big crushes on celebrities . it was always really annoying to me seeing all the girls around me going crazy because of some guy they don't even know and could be an ... i will have a very important presentation soon ... and i will fail as i never failed before o_o normally presentation are my strenght but right now i just don't get to a point and i am filled with ... this is why i am glad this whole type-thing has not really reached my country yet . no one here knows really about it which can be a real blessing ^ ^ but also a curse if you are never able to discuss ... i am reading reaper man from terry pratchett ... becauseee i like terry pratchett :P and his version of death ^ ^ one day per week i am going to school , the others i work . in my work i have no leading position at all ( well , if you count the horses in which you need to lead ... i am leading a lot though xd ) . in ... i eat meat . i greatly respect animals though and i disagree with the way most of them are treated . everyone and everything has to die sooner or later . the lenght of life is not something that matters ... i - for my part - had enough for a while ^ ^ for him ... i really wish for him to find someone new soon ... thanks hmmm ... i am not sure but my compassion for him may be a little reason for the draining part ... well the distant future ... friendship .. yes , no problem . nontheless our communication needs a rest for ... thank you very much :) i guess now i have the strenght for one more battle playing the hard cards of being nice but honest ... thanks for your try ;) i really appreciate it :) i guess this is often because people do not often want to listen to what we feel and even if , we get misunderstood or not at all understood so often it is really discouraging . why he is draining to ... i guess those were the words i needed . because this was my opinion first . friendship after a one-sided break up ? sounds impossible to me , and i tried to explain it to him . all i got was a ' so the ... valnadis hm i don't really combine infj's with doorslams ... i just really like the picture of a doorslam in my head and it helps me a lot distancing myself from people . normally i am very open , but ... this is the thing i am wondering about too , really > . < and the reason because i haven't totally cut ties yet . i cannot figure out why exactly and feel bad for it . maybe it is just all in my ... yes it was one sided , which is why i am still in contact with him . to meet his needs ... but i don't know if i am strong enough to do this because i don't do it whole-hearted and it feels like lying ... about half a year ago i broke up with my boyfriend . since then he kind of was a real pain int the ass to me ... hardcore energy-vampire . he drains me out like ... nearly no one else . a month ago i told ... i'm an advocating experiencer . there are some things though i cannot agree with 100 % so i do not really know if this entirely fits me ... if anyone is interested in the results personaldna | your ... most of the people knowing me would say i have no fashion sense xd this is because over all i do not care . in winter the only thing i care about is not freezing and because half a year ago i cleaned ... i would settle with a gryphon ... they look sooo fleecy - i could cuddle all day with it . a dragon would be awesome too ... but not as fleecy u . u and why only a pegasus if you could have a ... i love the food ( right now i would kill for bibimbap or bulgogi :'( ) , the people , the culture and the language ( though i do not understand it is one of the most beautiful languages of asia ) ... okay . another dark side : i watch porn u . u and feel kind of guilty for it , since it is not something real ( and to constantly remind me it is not real , i watch anime porn ) i tend to get consumed by a ... do you mean a specific dark side ? because in my opinion there can be different kinds ... edit : thinking about it . i can be really agressive as teacher tells above . there is a lot in anger in me ... this fear often get's me if i do not want to make the ' wrong ' choice . the older i get , the more i do not think in ' right and wrong ' anymore but more in a ' you have to deal with the consequences ... no ... i sometimes really wonder how people who are just mean on so many levels get employed and stay so o . o maybe it needs sometimes a mean person for a balance ... or they have ... strange strenghts nice ... normally i do this too . the point where i get ' confused ' is , if there is more than only someone badmouthing another one . and if some of this someones are people i highly respect . one cannot be right or wrong :P one can simply life with the consequences ... or not ^ ^ the wohle stuff got me thinking ... and now i am interested in ... how do other infj's deal with people they have a good feeling with but others tell them bad stuff about those specific people ? i have to ... most of the time i just use it as a chat . i barely post something ... it is easier to stay in contact with people over facebook than over e-mail , telephone , or letters for me . once i had over 300 ... she already troubles us a bit since she does not seem to tell us the whole truth about her horse . she has got some people who ride it ( some women and also a payed trainer ) but it was not ridden for ... i remember one ex-boyfriend of mine who got mad because the traffic lights did not instantly turn green . it kind of was the day he ' died ' to me . loosing your temper because of something so simple ... yesterday we got a new horse to train and i was the first to ' greet ' the owner . i walked towards her and there was just something ... strange in a bad way about her and something inside me started to ...