' it sounds like a very stressful situation . i would go and explore the environment in advance . but this could be a stupid thing to do . how much and how often you make eye contact depends on the person you're talking to . how well you know each other ? and how do you get along ? are there certain topics you can talk about for hours ? by that i mean one topic , like cars or football for example . i have a tendency to change subjects very quickly . it's hard for me to ... acting in the moment . i'll never die in an elevator . i'm realistic like that :) no , i'm ko . and stop talking :p i just accept it and undergo , avoiding anything that could stress me even more . maybe try to increase my physical condition as it directly relates to the amount of stress that you can handle . see the ... thank you for taking the creativity test . the results show your brain dominance as being : left brain right brain 41 % 59 % you are more right-brained than left-brained . the right side of your ... when my mind wanders it tries to get me there where i'm supposed to be , it tries to get me doing what i'm supposed to do , it looks for a purpose , a goal to achieve . this tread is good for the bin . she must be sparkling , vivid . the more energy she radiates the more she attracts me . prehistoric era . i find it weird studying ' art ' in a time where the word or the thing ' art ' in itself didn't exist . that would be about what we consider to be art today . but is art what is not ... people need to be challenged , otherwise there is no fun to it . the more effort you have to do to get something the more you get attached to it , because of all the effort you spent on it . the guy who ... i find this strange because i never bump into people , nor do they bump into me . i always manage to avoid collisions because i am paying attention so much . this is unless it's so crowded that it's ... i mostly just answer something short , but it's an idea to ask for more specific view on what they want to know . what was high school like ? what do you mean ? they could start by telling what ... i have no religion . what does it mean ? would he be a president ? i'd choose intelligence for myself , because i want to be more than a pretty picture to look at . i hate it when people tell me i'm silent . and i hate to be in i hate it-mode . it's better to take the chance to win something greater , instead of letting your chances flow by but i don't agree . i rather stay untouched . once you taste it , you'll long for it forever . it's ... logical first thing before calling is having a subject to discuss as the purpose of calling someone is to talk about something . but some ideas , be creative : ask em to read a book out loud , discuss ... i have that too . it might not be so good with people you're close to , but it did save my butt with strangers who were up to no good . the sudden rage isn't always that bad :p no , but i've read about these : dominant-tertiary-loops it depends on the person . i wouldn't judge on one mistake , but if it reveals the personality to be untrustworthy i would pack my bags . limited opportunities , potential , time , financial resources , past choices , things like that . it's not just about choosing , it's about choosing between the possibilities . i didn't have any dreams . i just grew up with the fallacy of being able to do whatever i would want . the hell with that , reality hit hard . i don't mind and try to adapt myself . but it's more than obvious that i don't care about the subject and people notice . two outcomes are left , another subject or silence . i don't add anything and ... it's all been said . on one side , the intuitive one , i see : easily filling in the gaps when the framework is given , finding meaning behind poetic words , reading between the lines . on the other side : i see first ... student learning and the myers-briggs type indicator the last paragraph under teaching intuitive students . but i've come accross different sources stating more or less the same idea . ( also a ... intuitives learn top-down and sensors learn bottom-up . me being istp , i should be learning bottom-up . but i can't . i need the bigger picture first . i need a framework to put in all the details and ... anything to be able to build some houses in the trees of that wild forest . some places to harvest food because of course the village should be independent of the outside world . i'd put places to do ... i used to be ' spontaneous ' and ' seeking stimulation ' being younger , but it kind of shifted over time towards a more controlled demeanor . why didn't it appeal to some of the istp's ? one would think that the field of engineering is ideal for the istp , using ti to understand the principles and se to apply them to the real world . ni ... it must be in concordance with what ti and se say . there must be some kind of logic or concrete proof . this in turn could be called skeptical , indeed . but if it's someone who has often been right ... i would never want a tattoo on my body . attaining illumination under a tree up the mountain during a sunny day . i think probabilities come from intuition , because if the information would be provided by se or si you would be pretty certain and absolute about it . but me too i think in terms of probabilities ... istp and enfj can make intens short relationships together but i think it's more devestating than anything else in the long run . friendship is ok , but i wouldn't get too close , because when the ... i was adventurous , independant ( adults lost me all the time ) and shy but talkative , even to strangers . '