' i dont think i have been mistyped . but its a possibility . i've started out as istp , then intp , then entp and ended up at infp . and it fits . as i say i've done way too much reading on this all . i've ... i dont wanna become a j . no thanks ok so i wrote this post when i was really stressed out . deadlines and such . i wrote this post because i wanted to find a solution to procrastination fast . im still procrastinating right now . but at ... i don't know why this is , but every damn time i get obsessed and go into a never ending reasearch on infp crap . it starts out very nice , feeling good that im infp , then i start reading about us and ... yes of course this happens to me a lot . and i have investigated this for some time now haha . i do believe that if you live alone especially infp you have to keep your mind happy . meaning i bet you ... well if you strip it down to basics flow is when you are a ) not focussing on many things but one b ) at peace c ) slightly challenged eg . trying to master a new skill or something interessting ( not ... lol @ chops . well what do we know afterall haha ! maybe you are still young or lived with a heavily fi parent or sibling . hehe some interesting answers :) lol , well i think your good with social awareness . it doesn't mean we have to analyze or do something about it . but its about noticing or being aware of ... ok so i've realized that we entp are kind of prone to high emotional intelligence . we tend to see how people really feel what their mood is etc . we never intentionally make people feel bad and we ... independent drifter ( at work mostly ) well in entp fashion you need to get out . sitting in the house is draining to you . i also do this and love to learn , read etc new stuff or stuff that's on my mind . but eventually you just need to take ... i usually fantasize . like when people are busy brainstorming ideas for a project . i might think of games or how something was used and take a bit from it here and there and make a combo of it ... here true , but i see willpower as a joke nowadays . willpower is so inefficient because its wasted energy . if you force yourself to go to gym or do a project and you use will power - good luck the ... lol , im gonna say you have fallen into the trap of believing what you read about entp's . yes we have potential focus problems but its not that bad . you probably read entp's jump from topic to topic ... hmm i would say you are in this mess because you tried to please people . i can clearly see the fact that you hid your not going to school for 3 years as proof . you are afraid of what people's ... here's some scientific proof from another guy . also this an awakening . part 1/2 part 2/2 ok maybe not attack ... harsh word . lets say alter . for example your boss screams at you . before you think gosh im a bad person you should should stop your habit thoughts , and rather think hmmm ... what you are saying is true ... until you know the real truth . you have not divided emotion , feelings and thoughts yet . they are different things . and it does start with the emotional level . if you ... bro , i was there too . you have to overcome shyness and then you will believe that you are indeed an extrovert . things that helped me was forcing myself to start into the eyes of people when passing ... ray of sunshine you are : happy : clearly you are not doing the breathing because you are in the negative side sir . attacking me is a clear sign . cheer up . have fun :) your missing the point , don't focus on the breathing . as he even said the breathing will only stop the negative thoughts and heartbeat . more is required to reach the flow state . aka . emotional ... ok this is really interesting because for the last 4 years its as if i'm stating to get a general truth to many things . law of attraction , emotional intelligence and science all pointing to the same ... dude , its clear that you made up your mind regarding this job is a dead end . or maybe it isn't because if you knew that it was over you'd have found happiness already in the sense of freedom to come ... ok , two things first . you have to control yourself and you cannot change someone . so firstly i think the relationship is going great , but you are starting to sabotage it . once things got official ... hah ! i know what you feel man . listen you know whats wrong . you are ignoring you feelings and pushing them down . follow what your mind is trying to tell you . it seems your hate the corporate as much ... you did what had to be done ... as long as you learn from it . i know what you mean man , but i can also tell you you are different because of learning new things good and bad . your job is to get rid ... you betcha ! but it has to be esoteric in some form or way . for me its in games . best two games regarding this and still stuck in my thouhts a lot . legend of zelda : majoras mask and final ... find the best ending you are happy with and just do it - we need to get over getting it don't perfectly . just do it and rejoice in the feeling of completing something . :) i get this and i feel your pain . i agree finding our path is hard because in the sj world they want us to focus on one life path . but who said this was reality ? i decided that i want multiple paths ... i thought entp's was one of the people that got the highest salaries yet have the most job dissatisfaction ? i clearly fit this . i earn a very high salary , yet hate my job . baaad data ! bad ! ok ... lol ok , i tried this twice , blew up in ma face . but i'll roll with it . at least i moved on fast . i may not be super good , but im better than all my friends ( except one ) in video games :D lots and practice over 25 + years :D also im the best at learning something new fast - so im a great ... lol , this doesn't work . i've had people trail me madly and they always do the desperate - i love you . what does this make me think ? omg it's a trap ! do i have a choice now ? ugh ! go away ! ! no ... aaah infatuation . dude listen , your gonna have to let her go . do you really want a life where you have to convince yourself everytime that she does like you ? i've been here before and it hurts yes ... nope not clumsy at all , this has nothing to do with personality type . i think if you have to think about it , reflexes has to do with your lizard brain and nothing to do with the emotional or ... well its a bit of a mix of what you are talking about . i can magically sometimes find energy still if the guy across me asks for help because he cannot solve a problem . and yes i would rather do his ... haha funny - i have the exact same problem . i think its confidence . remember you get loud introverts .. sometimes if im very happy and satisfied i do go out my comfort zone and do this without ... i agree , but im in the neutrality state when im away from the job too . mostly i don't care about deadlines or the work because i dont see reason in it . however on bad days when i feel trapped i move ... i understand where you are coming from , this happened to me as well but from her side . back then i didn't think like i do now . look she is just saying that she gets it . but she doesn't . she only ... ok since your entp look at both sides - i know harder when your actually in it . but from her side , she feels scared and desperate to be with someone , but now you are forcing her into things she is ... ok so i stumbled upon articles that has to do with levels of consciousness and it got me thinking , where do you as an entp find yourself ? i am at the stage in life where i have almost zero energy ... awesome man ! i also had this realization and doing same . got me a life coach and started yesterday . its time to be me as well . hehe man im excited ! whoohoo ! for you too and for the op post :) we ... you bet your sweet ___ ! well haha yes . i personally have a very hard time figuring out what i want . i think i know , but i never get excited by what i come up with , so i feel that its not the truth ... you sure you not an istp ? lol with the motorcycles and all that . but then again me stereo typing - woops ! yeah man i know what you mean about not having motivation . listen i can promise you ... hahaha everytime i read your corportate moans i have to laugh . ha ha ha . duuude lol . but have to agree 100 % boring jobs sucks you dry like a succubus . all that is left is an emtpy automatic zombie ... ok this might sound cliche , but i think its because you are losing connection with yourself too . remember the most important person in this world is you and you have to sit down and think what you ... i have to agree with you in a way we don't care for recognition or praise when we know its fake . however if you feel that its an achievement and someone notices it . you will feel satisfied . but the ... i've been at sony , but only for 6 months . loved it though until the game we worked on was released and i had nothing to do but wait the last month :( also since moving back to my own country i've ... haaha funniest thing i read all day ! maybe its because im in the exact same dilemma ! hahahahahah ! i once saw a cooking show and midway into making the dish , the woman turned around said who in their right mind enjoys doing this ! ? i am still laughing years later , the night i heard it my brother ... '