' i want to sit in a coffee shop and people-watch / draw , but i don't want to buy coffee . i want to sit in a library and work , but i'm not sure if i'd be welcome . i want to get out of the house and ... for all the praises i sing about sfjs , the average-to-unhealthy ones are unbearably annoying . their blind adoration of tradition , public belief , and the man is detestable , and i'm 99 % sure that ... i've never traveled far alone , but i enjoy wandering off by myself when abroad . one friend i tagged along with was pretty laid back about their itinerary which made the trip not just tolerable but ... my grandmother is an istj and i adore her . despite being incredibly stubborn , impatient , it has to be my way , high-strung , did i mention inflexible ? , impulsive , and sometimes completely oblivious ... i enjoy showing people my art ( because i'm proud of my work and i want critiques ) , but i hate anything that approaches fishing for compliments or bragging . the compromise : i let friends and family ... type 1 : 11 type 2 : 7 type 3 : 9 type 4 : 8 type 5 : 19 type 6 : 9 type 7 : 8 type 8: 4 type 9 : 9 i can't stop laughing at this slice of perfection . xd i wish i had a person who really knew me . it's my fault though for avoiding every opportunity or invitation to open up ... even to loved ones . the worst part is , i don't even notice i'm running ... i understand feeling like an alien in this world . maybe it's an nt thing . in me it's expressed as my inability to relate to other people - maybe in intjs it is the inability to care about other ... ^ this has been my experience reading the writings of intjs and living with one . they can possess a rock-solid arrogance that hates to be challenged ; in unhealthy intjs , it looks like they're ... i'm ignored more often than not . if we do interact , most people say they like me . warm , good listener , and friendly are some descriptions - excluding my obvious awkwardness that they're too polite to ... oh yes , arrogance is annoying indeed . i'm inclined to believe that a large portion of intps are actually very sensitive to others opinions of them ( dat fe ) , but being unable to logic such ... i really like spending time with tps but also feel drawn to fjs . i'd be fine with either as long as they were equal to or greater than me in intelligence . fps wouldn't be bad either , i suppose ... mathematical physics - just proving and applying theorems ; absolutely no quantum . i'd probably only do algebra or basic calculus for fun though . > . < i'm a christian . i recently reconverted to catholicism which has been an incredibly humbling and interesting experience ( oh gosh , do i have a bunch to catch up on though ; with so much to learn , my ti ... i'm actually really excited for lent because it's the only time of the year when i don't break promises to myself . :/ how do you express your high fe ? my default is to be very warm toward people , match their mood , and strive for social harmony , but festering underneath are my discomfort with emotions , extreme ... 1 . fiction or non-fiction ( generally speaking ) ? what kinds of both ? do you know why you like those particular genres ? non-fiction because i read it more often - especially philosophy , etymology , and ... what can i say ? i love me some fe-users . ^ ^ nice to meet you too , blonderj . i agree , different personalities can learn a lot from other types , but perhaps knowing someone with all one's functions reversed is the best crash course in ... hush you , or i'll have to bump up esfjs even higher on my favorites list ! xp passmethecookies i see what you mean ! especially with our moms ' and dark humor . whenever my father and i get going down that road , she'll give token protests but laugh along with us . ;D what kind of ... i haven't really thought about it ... i guess my favorite is istp . i've never met another intp or an infj offline but i'd probably marry one in a heartbeat . as for my least favorite , i'm not sure , ... my mom is possibly an isfj , esfj , or enfj . i honestly can't tell because she's fairly well-rounded . most loving , forgiving , caring person i know . it's always frustrated her that i would rather bottle ... alone , yes , i do make myself cry to feel better sometimes . i think it's just hormones or my bottled up anxieties trying to wiggle their way out . when i'm around people i hate crying . worst thing ... esfjs are totally the inspiration behind the phrase wind beneath my wings . esfjs make me want to be a better person . they have what i lack : structure , energy , motivation , confidence , ... elsa from frozen . because she was passive , shut others out , and was afraid to let her true self show . peasant rumplestiltskin from once upon a time . because he was a quiet , self-doubting , coward who ... according to my parents : extremely introverted from a young age . i would go play at friends house and have fun , be dying to leave a few hours later , and act like a tired grump once i got home . so i ... thank you to all the mothers who responded ; i have had these same worries for a while now , and i really appreciate reading about the experiences of other intps . i have noticed , while i was ... i usually sense quickly if a person is flirting with me , but then i go into hardcore denial mode and convince myself they're being just being friendly because i really don't want to flirt with ... i had a crush on a kid in fifth grade , found out that his friend like-liked me , got pressured by one of my friends into asking out the friend of my crush , and dated him for three years . we were ... other members posted these links on perc before ( maybe on the type 9 forum , i don't remember ) but i love them so much that i'll repost . reading about self-improvement is so much more fun than ... brains ( and maybe intuition ) . seriously - i got a crush on my dorky , socially awkward , twice my age , chemistry professor just because he was smart and really really liked talking about his ... it was fun thinking about the op's question if there was a hierarchy among intps , who would be at the top ? so i figured it would determined by something like this : intelligence = + 5 creativity ... yup ! it was fun planning things out for each number or card , but in the end it didn't seem to help me with long sequences ( and the 100 - picture system felt overwhelming ) . perhaps i moved too fast , ... well , if we're talking about motivations then the enneagram will have a stronger influence than cognitive functions , which will be more geared toward getting you to your goal than defining it . ... i have attempted several mind palaces for various subjects over the past three years . using both familiar and imaginary locations , sensory associations with objects , and semi-consistent maintenance ... ... pardon the files strewn about . i've been on a latvian mitten kick lately . hey , if others were as interested as developing their knowledge base , skills , and exploring creative whims , they'd think twice about labeling such pursuits as lazy . the reality is though that other ... yes , oh so yes . the thing about intps is that they are so clever that they can find ways to put off doing that which must be done forever . it would be remarkable if it wasn't so frustrating for ... i'm still a work in progress , but independent study has done wonders where classroom study made me hate learning a language . i use duolingo to teach grammar and vocabulary . lang - 8 to write to other ... i can see how others here might type elsa as a 4 , but might i propose that she is in fact a 9 ? obviously spoilers ahead . elsa does not appear to have the drive to be true to oneself that 4 ' s ... i used to dress very sloppily ; i think my resentment over having to wear an ugly uniform for 12 years expressed itself subconsciously as lazy rebellion against all fashion standards . now i prefer ... all of this but with being on the internet as the most likely place . intps gotta intp . oh the places you'll think of going : veterinarian - elementary marine biologist - junior high illustrator - high school mechanical engineer - everything below is college electrical engineer ... 21 . oh , it bothers me every single day but what can you do ? ( besides settle on anything for the sake of saying you made up your mind . ) a part of me wonders if many intp's are trapped by the ... my life's goal : to find what makes me happy and do it . which sounds much nicer than i'll never make up my mind . no musical talent and mediocre writing skills , but i can learn any visual craft / technique given enough motivation - mainly , i want something pretty but it's too expensive / never been made before so i ... '