ketchup has not always been made out of tomatoes . it started out as a general term for sauce , typically made of mushrooms or fish brine with herbs and spices . mushroom ketchup is still available in ... i was thinking about the first time i made out with a girl ( 7 or 8 years old ) and how long its been since i've done that . i sometimes wish i was an isfp - but they're so close it really wouldn't matter . i'm cool with a lot of instances - art , video games , philosophy , cartoons , anime , etc . for me , its more : do we flow or do i feel a vibe like we would get along ? sometimes i get along with people ... 14673 i hate all of my pictures - they just look like i try too hard when i smile . i used to doodle all the time ; now i rarely ever do it anymore . but once in a while , i'll do it . little men , arrows , pac-man monsters , tacos , etc . all action and dark as all hell . xd i have ... i have only a few that i like to be around . if i find a good friend i like to keep them around or close . other times i just keep to myself . i like it better that way most of the time . i do it all the time . i don't care about people staring at me - me talking to myself gets things done . yeah , everyone is really nice here ! glad to have you aboard ! me , i like pie . i weight train and run myself . i hope to start doing crossfit either this year or beginning of next ! for me its all when i was fat and out of shape i wanted one so bad . now i'm skinny and in shape and honestly could not care less right now . xd i am still getting used to the looks and stares . i like the fact music is playing in the background ( those are awesome songs btw ) , but couldn't we use a wider array of songs ? it could be something our peers selected and input into a master selector ... i found my favorite energy bars at the store on sale at 50 % off ! i would like to have a hoverboard shop for some reason . and a hoverboard park ! and a pie shop ! i love pie . i would really like a machine that makes dreams come alive . people say i sometimes sound like an english professor , other times they say i sound like a jabbering weirdo where i trail off in mid-sentence that ends up being really wise . i don't mean to , it just ... trigun references xd thought this was hilarious i second her love - he rocks madly sorry , wrote the same thing . i personally had nervous breakdowns , constant burnouts , and almost went towards suicide a number of times between the ages of say 9 to 22 years old . i know what its like to be a mess and think the ... i like the dreamer ... or the noble idealist i'm curious , how tall are you ? 6 ' 1 do you wish you were shorter or taller ? no , i'm generally all right with my height . does height influence who you're attracted to , your confidence , or your ... i think my mother is crazy , so i could never add her . my opinion : if either of your parents are cool about it most of the time , fine . i don't know that many , but thank the force if it applies to ... i pretty much despise most of my family , especially my immediate family . with their judging self-righteous nature , just never really got along with any of them . never really did anything wrong , just ... if i hear a cool song or an awesome instrumental sequence anywhere , i have to move my head to it and / or sing out loud . now if i'm alone , i rock out the air guitar with mad intensity . i could be ... youtube - ‪ don't think twice , it's alright ( cover ) ‬ ‎ if its obscure or unique , i'll watch it . if it is or becomes more about drama than like whatever the shows about , i can't watch it . pawn stars , american pickers , top shot ... la ink lost me ... i saw clerks 2 in theaters when it came out in the morning , and saw an amazingly beautiful girl with an awesome smile hanging out with a bunch of her friends a couple of rows in front of me ... she ... as some one who weight trains , i tend to do the high protein route most days . i'm usually a fast eater too , but i don't try to be . but my favorite thing is combining twizzlers and salt / vinegar ... youtube - ‪ all we are - matt nathanson ‬ ‎ i used to have that all the time in my family . and they revel in me crying too , so ruthless that they would probably lick the tears off my face in glory of me breaking down in front of them . now if ... a specific kind of questioning i hate is when you ask me a question or line of questions in order to ask me something that has nothing to do with any of the questions . ex : to ask me what i'm doing ... what he wrote finally reminded me of one ! i'm unique because i have had trouble getting through college since leaving high school , where i did okay . * sighs * still haven't finished ... but i was a ... i have always admired the unlimited ability of our imagination . whether formed in reality or based in fantasy , my imagination is intense . oh , and fighting injustice . injustice is so our bitch . usually when i go with them , everything goes better . everytime i usually don't , bad stuff happens . i don't think its about being psychic , just that we tend to see things a little easier with little ... honestly , as a kid i always looked to fictional characters like spider-man , indiana jones , spawn ... most of my family i never looked up to , especially my parents . now i have my cousin and i'm ... my biggest problem is not fighting my own battles / problems and fighting everyone else's battles / problems instead . * sighs * on a daily basis i have to sit back and consciously accept that i can't ... the one time i actually had to do it , i felt horrible . months and months on end . as someone who's been dumped most of the time , it sucked to do it . sometimes people don't work together and we have ... until i took a class about it i hated it so much . i thought i would fail . but i realized if i believe in it and care , i'm awesome . you ask me to be detached , its like the energy drains out of me ... oh man , all the time . why ? because it is awesome . i also remember having lots of hostility about being the nice guy and always being dead last . life is too short to worry about it or let it get me bent out of shape , so i'm good now . i thought this was awesome ( real or no ): ohh ... quantum leap breaking bad mad men doctor who the good guys lie to me firefly the spectacular spider-man community parks and recreation honestly , at first i didn't like it . now i'm fantastic . i wouldn't trade the feelings , daydreaming and intuition for anything . tested amazingly high in art , english , history , social sciences , but i am awful at math and average at science . if i wanted to know or cared to know , no force in the ' verse could stop me . overall , i ... if they don't know me or we just met , my vibe is usually indifferent or standoffish . if they do know me or the universe is in sync or whatever , then i come off as funny and insightful . * shrugs * it ... on infpblog.com , the poster writes that we have the ability to be self-aware ; our introverted feeling allows us to know when we're doing something wrong . i feel bad because when i was younger i ... i'd be piloting the liger zero ( or the shadow fox ) for the blitz team , fiddling around with my ultimatrix to fight vilgax , piloting the original wing zero against epyon , trying mastering the four ... not really ... it doesn't bother me . then again , i hate taking phone calls . i'm always wishing i could go happy gilmore on my cell phone . ^ ^ i think you rock and that he was crazy for trying to change you . i had a girl wanting something specific , she wanted to get married and have a baby in a year of us meeting each other ... suffice ...