' people talk too much 1 . ) artistic : i am very artistic . i love to draw and paint . 2 . ) rebellious : i can be 3 . ) animal lovers : love them . 4 . ) caring of others : select few 5 . ) too serious : sometimes serious ... you spend hours listening to whatever and wherever the youtube music takes you . i don't look at it as sacrificing myself . i just try and not let people down is all . i know how that feels . yeah , i don't make any promises i know i can't keep . i would rather tell them outright that i can't promise anything so they know . it's strange because while i don't like unreliable people , i have been pretty unreliable in the past . i have done things that i've been ashamed of . i just think no one likes it when it happens to ... i feel like if i were to die today or to just disappear , that no one would notice . life would just go on just fine . idk loyal to a fault yes , yes , yes ! ! ! i can get so disappointed by unreliable people . i try so hard to keep promises and follow through . i expect the same from others . i try not to be directly judgemental towards ... crows , candles , skulls , greys , blacks , and reds . i thought up a weightless backpack when i was in elementary school because my bag was heavy with books . it involved magnets and was probably heavier to carry than my books . yeah ... that never panned ... i bought a hybrid bike . it's nice too . i can't wait to bike down some long stretches of road with the wind in my face and the smell of nature in the air ! i solved it once ... by accident . i spent months trying to solve it . my brain felt like it was going to explode . i didn't give up though . i could get it down to the last 4 corners and nothing i did ... i'm not usually willing to share what i'm thinking . online makes it easier . i hope i don't regret it ! anyways i like faces . i like staring at them , touching them if i can , looking into eyes , drawing ... your pencils are an extension of yourself . the sounds of the pencil scratching on paper , the smells of the graphite , the paper , and the eraser , pull you into your work . add some favorite music and ... when you see something that looks interesting and you have to touch it . i would die . i fear loosing my right hand and not being able to draw again . the one thing i'm good at . keep making art ! express life , the good , the bad , and the ugly .  post your favorite :) i enjoy listening to pianos , cellos , and violins . the world is f * * * up . i wish more people were more nice and polite and that not so many people full of themselves . i might not say a lot , but i have a lot going on in my head . i just don't feel the need to share it with ... surrealism   i've been lied to twice within the last week . i am so sick of people lying to my face . i hate people sometimes.ugh ! ! ! being lied to and deceived . stress is the eater of souls . i know how it feels . it is hard to find contentment when things are happening to you that are outside your control . it sucks . when this happens , i want to just cut and ... same yes ! i look way younger for my age . i like horror movies . now that's talent , lol . i just talk in my sleep haha . :) when you seem kind of normal , but have a really weird other side . sometimes people call you weird or strange and you're like so . it's cool . just wasn't sure myself . it was a confession about someone i care deeply about . i wasn't sure if you were making fun , so i didn't respond . i don't draw people i am not connected to in some way , unless you were asking me to ... not sure , but treating each other as individuals and human beings is a good place to start . i've done no such thing . back off . sometimes i wonder where have all my feelings gone . i'm afraid i've turned bitter and cynical from being hurt by others over the years . when i couldn't be myself and do what was right , it has changed ... your eyes are the windows to your soul . let me draw you as you are . your heart is so black , no light can escape . i resemble those remarks ! '