' wait . you're intherockies ? so , that's your nick ? that a good nick ? everyone cool about it ? allright , want some tea ? what then ? k , so you're like an invading troll ? found your way here under the ... noone is invading our forum because it is situated under a large bridge and trolls live here that will eat your children . up to 30 euros for 1500 characters ( a standard page ) for a webpage around that plus change for a extra bits like navigation , keywords , alt desc . and so on . cant , it's all porn . even this one . however this could lead to a debate about debates . i think the safest way would be : you win . this does two things . first it ends the debate . and seconds it does so in a very unsatisfying manner ... again : knowledge ! = intelligence isn't that obv ? ( yea ... i just had to ) edit : this is a typical case of a premature post syndrom . happens to entp alot , so i've been told . i did see a doctor about that and i am taking ... oh man , you're lucky ! i'm german and for the life of me i can't learn another language . i wish i knew at least some english but i don't . i just hit random keys and hope for the best . i can't read ... but why is the rum gone ? ! i dream other people's dreams . that's fun , i recommend it . i would build a machine to mind control any human at any time and as many at the same time as i want . infact i already built that machine and am using it for some time now , so i do rule the world ... i was 13 in 1987 . smartphones . the internet . tablets . e-paper . 3d printing . you're gonna love it ! also striclty 5 useful words : invest in google . buy bitcoins . this threat is all over the place , and i really want to clear something up : yes they are . yes it does . there are different techniques for different outcomes . depends on what you want to get better at . i like iq as a scale and that helps us understand quite alot about logical thinking and computing ... smart , as in high iq , doesn't make people uncomfortable . if people are pretentious , condescending or patronizing , then sure others get uncomfortable very fast ( which isn't surprising ) . i find myself ... oh i'm sorry , this is not debate . debate is two doors down . this is contradiction and trolling . i dont think those tests work well with entps . i mean when do you get a chance to smear a marshmallow all over the walls and furniture and then get another as a reward for not eating the first one ... this , is the most joyous scene , ever seen in the history of mbti fighting , this is an incredible scene , the place is going wild , entp has won , entp has won , by a knockdown ! by a knockdown ! the thing ... i think i'm doing that wrong ... i don't really want to get sucked in here , but i quickly want to point out two things : 1 ) iq is a very specific way to measure intelligence and while you can go on about other types of ... none of your ideas work without you . simple as that . if someone else is good realising your idea then it is because they made it their own . if you want to realise your idea then assemble a team and ... depends on what vampire lore you're getting . you might turn out all sparkly and have to talk with everybody about your feelings ... trolls just say that whole thing . actually , i might steal that for the next party and end my sentences with sent from my ipod touch using tapatalk heh i can hardly wait ... uhm ... nothing to read here , ... i'm used to alot of things and the most mad i get now is about mistakes i make when i could or should do better . i think that's when getting mad can actually change things . with others i'd rather get ... just be amazing not sounding to trolling but i don't think entps generally care too much about what goes on in other people's brains . most of the time i don't care enough to even want to know what other people ... quite interesting conversation in here . i would have just said if you have to ask prolly not and be done with it . good thing not everyone is as lazy :) we're the kings of big gestures probably the masters of everyday ignorance too ... in our heads we're the doctor , our minds skip the boring days , so sorry we didn't pay attention to you but look my ... in a busy place just shout : 1 buck for the next person who does something stupid . ( i made 6 bucks yesterday ) i never thought about it but now i think adams put alot of himself into zaphod ... thats a fun thought :) whenever someone asks me that question i always want to answer honestly ? you do . but i don't ... more than half of the time . :) with time you realise that rules are just a challenge . the more strict the rules the more fun it is to think of ways to be outrageous within those rules . reminds me of adam hills years ago , in a ... just be yourself see op , just needed 3 words :P any party with an entp attending will become an entp party ... i turned on the lights . best i could do ... i have seen people really suffer under peer pressure and i honestly do not get it , you know , the mechanics of it . i have never been in a situation that i didn't decide to stay in . if i'm not feeling ... you're using benedict cumberbatch as your profile picture . also you don't troll . we had something like this here before . hufflepuff is by far the best choice for entp . least strict and lets you do your own thing much more than the other houses . not really the most impressive in ... truth , good . honesty , good . being sincere , godd . don't be a dick . just don't . doesn't mean you have to sugarcoat everything . brutal honesty is needed at times . a good verbal bashing too . not ... i come here often but i only ever read my own posts because thats the only stuff worth reading on here that your pick-up line ? there are computer games that are clearly art . so already we can see that immaterial or virtual objects can be art . what you lose is the one original copy , but to me thats no bother . for art ... there is only two pesonality types anyway . entp and other . and really who wants to be other :) uhm ... or blind . just sayin ' let's put it this way : no matter if an entp likes hardware or software better . whatever we do , the engineers will get angry . no matter if i rig hardware or software , i won't follow procedure , i wont ... not finishing sentences is you clearly haven't seen much source code . there are programming languages like perl that are clearly designed to rig stuff up . i think that it's that property that excites me about programming ... huh ? wha ? ! look a butterfly ... how am i doing ? let me tell you winning the lotto jackpot is really a lot of work . all those forms and stuff . and taxes and ... did i win ? nooo . i am not at liberty to say . i mean : no . uhm . can we ... '