' most of my fanboy-ism for h & k stuff , scar-h and acr is exactly because of aesthetics . i do also love the look of old bolt-action rifles ( lee enfields , mosin-nagants etc . ) . i've never shot anything else than rk - 62 and kvkk 62 , but in all games i'm a fanboy of scar-h , g36 ( most h & k stuff , really ) and acr . also , i'm sad no game i know of has sako trg - 42 . i was not the ... 712441 no idea how to work with this large images , so i'm just gonna leave it like that . north : sirkka ( village in kittilä ) , lapland , finland east : joensuu , north karelia , finland south : puerto de la cruz , tenerife , spain ( canary islands ) west : toronto , ontario , canada dad's an intp and mother's an enfp .  1 ) longing and gratitude for having experienced whatever i'm nostalgic about . 2 ) only when really pushed . the only time i've been in a real fight was at work ; i'm a security guard . a drunk man ... i'm quite skinny , and i don't drink often or a lot at a time , so i can only handle moderate amounts of alcohol . first it makes me more open and talkative , which is actually nice . after that it starts ... night shift mobile patrol security guard . i mostly drive around at night , checking gates , fences , doors and windows are closed , locked , and / or intact . not my dream job , and at times the threatening ...  despite very unstable weather i'm in a good mood . perhaps the most important reason why my day turned out to be good was a good laugh i had while i was still in bed , just browsing on my phone , and ... going to see these guys in a few hours .  i also found my lady online , just under eight years ago . we're happily in semi-ldr with 6462km between us . she visits me when she can . i never did dating . i knew it wouldn't work well for me . most ... the sound of someone talking can be nice , and it helps when living alone . the topic just needs to be interesting or neutral if one talking has a damn good voice that is pleasurable to listen to . at ... work , shower , tired .  i used to do the la-la-land thing even more as a kid . it was not rare to hear mum say could you stop staring out the window and finish the rest of your food ? everyone else finished an hour ago . very interesting question . i would not , i don't know how to use nunchucks . arwen 7 , i hate when people cancel stuff , especially if they don't tell they cancelled . i take that very personally . no , i've just been told i look sad or bored , while i'm actually just lost in my thoughts . could be because my normal expression is a bit sad , maybe ? i've gottten some weird looks from people who ... pagan is goood . and i will never stop monopolizing this thread . i will not post twice in a row , but if people can't keep up , that's their own problem . =P also , i like that song , had never heard ... a bit tipsy after amaranthe gig and bar , and absolutely wanting to play amaranthe songs so loud my neighbours wake up ( it's 3:45 am ) . so full of energy , and no good way to unleash it . so i just sit ... i use both of those , i bottle it up or distance myself , whichever i can . bottling it up inside yourself is dangerous , though . when something angers me very much , i try my best to bottle it up , and ... indeed . i like some turisas songs every now and then , but most of the time no thanks . ensiferum , eluveitie , faun , some amon amarth , some subway to sally , finntroll , most of korpiklaani ... yes please ... i guess it's because it isn't how my mind works , and these things occur so rarely ( mere few times a year ) that i don't really have to learn away my natural reactions . the pain from whatever he said ... picusviridis love the combination of folk and metal too . previous page probably has one good one i posted , ensiferum - iron . not quite my style , , but there are definitely moments i ... perhaps taking days to answer is an infp thing , and i'm just an atypical infp in that sense . to me that seems very disrespectful . if it was emails , i'd understand , even though i try to answer those ... this is how getting better started for me.the little things . for me it was the beautiful leaves falling in the autumn , and the first snow falling softly on the ground . big happy things make you very ... amaranthe's gig in a bit over 5h ! : rockon : infp , finland , finnish with dad's parents being refugees from the region of karelia that was later lost to soviet union . i voted yes , but only after staring at my screen for a long time . but yes , ... amaranthe later today . another ectomorph here . i'm proud of how good i could look if i just did a bit of something . 1 ) what is your current profession and / or what are you studying ? i am a security guard , a very non-infp profession . i also ( try to ) study it . 2 ) how and why did you choose this particular career ... interesting thread . like brightflashes and adonnus said , it seems like these infps you mentioned were not alright . first one turning into negative version of oneself . you said he was alcoholic ? my ... it seems like he's even quieter than most me or the infps i know , and after reading your post , it might be because of being very shy combined with a defensive cautiousness . because of that , it's hard ... i definitely like purples a lot , but nothing can truly overthrow the glory of green . '