' awakened and eager when you haven't been in this forum for nearly 2 years and still identify with most of the posts ... i'm starving , but lying here being a total lazy ass is so much more fulfilling at the moment . dear evening rush hour , please be in my favor today . i so hate it when i'm trapped in my car over an hour for a trip that should only take 20-30 minutes . i get seriously ill and it makes me cuss ... aang aang is a hero - a ... my role as a mother makes me an autmatic protector , but i think i better fit the role of confidant . people seem very relaxed when telling me things in confidence . however , i've also been told that i ... people have always called me an old soul also . i've always contributed this to me loving the company of old people ... they have amazing stories . anyways ... biological : 34 years i feel : 5-7 years ... i lol-ed at this ... but then i began to wonder how ... better yet ... why you would check to see if it were still there : shocked : i skip out on work about 10 minutes early everyday because i'm the last to leave the office . traffic is a bitch though ... so i don't feel bad . dear goal dress , i know you thought i wouldn't be able to drop those 10 lbs to get into you . and between you and me ( and everyone else reading this ) ... i didn't either . that's why i held on to ... this is a question that clearly has no definitively right answer . i honestly believe that no one deserves to die . no matter how heinous . however , i do believe that one should be punished justly ... lacking ... when mentally and emotionally you feel like a shaken 2 liter coke that needs the cap twisted off so that all of your thoughts , ideas , and feelings can burst out and escape . i find me a quiet place ... usually the closet or the bathroom and just daydream or go deep inside my head and explore my inner thoughts . if i'm not too tired ... i run ... as far and as long as i can . i ... it's always there ... lying under the surface ... waiting to emerge and consume me ... should i allow it to . sometimes i enjoy wallowing in it just to purge all the negative thoughts and energy out . then i ... dear neighbor , i think it's really cool that you get up at the crack of dawn everyday to feed that stray cat . i must be honest and say that i thought you were spooky at first , but i now look ... when no one else's criticism of you can come close to that which you apply to yourself . agitated ... i usually become chatty when my batteries have been recharged and i've spent an adequate amount of time introspecting . it's like i have to get it out , and it often comes out extremely random . it can ... yep ... i do this as well . i get very short and distant with my convo . for me , it's like i'm door slamming the conversation ... done ... finite ... like , why are you still talking ? the what-ifs go into overdrive . it is the basis for my indecisiveness . very frustrating at times ... well most times . i would love to just go with my first thought most of the time , but that ti just ... yeah ... we tend to be home-bodies . my weekends are usually spent at home in front of the computer or lounging on the couch watching movie after movie on netflix . when i do get out , it's mostly places ... did you hack my brain ? ! : tongue : but no ... i don't like cats ... at all . kittens are okay because they are so cute and small and fluffy and stuff . lol i love dogs , though . to me , they have ... it definitely depends on your reasons for wanting to join . i wanted to join one only for the affiliation and how it would benefit my resume and networking opportunities . i quickly figured out that my ... eh ... mopey ... my husband did this for me when we first started dating . i was away for a week doing in-service training for my then job . when i returned and opened the door ... my jaw dropped . spotless . one of ... as i've matured and come to understand the importance of choosing one's battles ... lies do not bother me so much . it really depends on the lie and the circumtances for which a person has chosen to lie ... i'm feeling super duper sad today , and a bit confused by the emotions surrounded by the death of my children's great-grandfather . i keep having moments where my fingers and other extremities of my ... i envision my walls much like a placenta ... where certain elements are allowed to pass , while others are rejected or unable to penetrate . however , within the placenta walls there is also a wire fence ... drunk people really get under my skin . although i can tolerate happy drunks over hostile ones ... they all irritate me . i am the infj that is not stuck-up as you suspect ... just simply more interested with what goes on in my head than the things around me . i am the infj that is not mad or sad ( depending on the ... - feeling rushed for time - being put on the spot - lots of unnecessary noise ( i . e . loud talking , tv too loud ) - invasion of my personal space - non-stop talking or excessive questioning - unexpected ... when it happens ... or whenever i feel now is a good time . other than that ... probably later . my tenacious spirit . even when i want to give up ... i just can't . there are too many people that need me ... eh , i'm fairly decent at it but don't really like it . i utterly despise fractions and having to work with them ... i like to round up ... must be that infj big picture thing lol idk . geometry , ... troubled ... yet determined when you wish your brain had an off button . beautifully pitiful ^ ^ =) being i was the only girl in my family until age 17 , i have often been partial to boys / men and just relate better to them . i also contribute this to the relationship that i have with my mother ... not ultra-glam by far , but i do take the time to make myself look semi-stylish ... lol i guess . i mean , my hair is always nice and neat and my clothes must be ironed and well coordinated ( color schemes ... i'm a cancer also . the mood swings , homebody-ness , sensitivity , loyalness , being private ... pretty much spot on for me . when you feel like there can't possibly be anymore room left in your brain to store the abundance of thoughts that you formulate on a daily basis . i have the same issue . it's not that i don't want to open up ... i just find it difficult to accurately express how i'm feeling or what i'm thinking . testing as an infj and reading the description was the a-ha ! moment i had been looking for for a long time . just the whole validation of finally understanding that you are not crazy ... just ... you're only as far from reality as your mind will take you . i definitely think it has healing qualities and i do write poetry from time to time . i used to keep a diary as a child , but when my mom found it and read it , i vowed to never write my ... - the laughter of men ( not mankind ... actual men ) . somehow their laughs help me visualize the kid inside of them . - fathers interacting with their children . - the sun shining down on me ... feels like ... i think i have an equal balance of optimism and cynicism . i believe it gives me a healthy outlook on life and helps me keep reality in perspective . personally , i don't want to go through life with ... when you burst out laughing at something that happened yesterday , 6 months ago , or even 20 years ago , as it if it just happened . my first thought is usually , do i feel like running this morning ? followed by , get your ass up or else it's gonna spread ! so then i return from my run and i lay back down to cool off and i begin ... '