' my boss was telling me he didn't know his mbti but had done this personality evaluation . it's driving me crazy , because it seems like a rip-off of myers-briggs ( uses a lot of the same language ) but i ... yes . completely . right at the end of my senior year of high school i , too , went through a period of analyzing my many personas . i actually sat down and made lists of all the times i'd reinvented ... two of the girls mentioned were peaceful friendships , one was this in spades . :) yep , agreed , there's certainly a lot of intj friends going on here , but what i'm wondering is do we discuss ... is this because they're mistyped or overrepresented in the boards ? post to interview : cindy gallop , founder & ceo of makelovenotporn , talks ' startup stress ' & the future of sex interviews always make it hard to figure out e / i , though . entj i realize the intj / entp dynamic is by no means unexplored , but even so my personal network study has left me taken aback . after a couple years of typewatching i compiled a list of every absolutely ... i realize the intj / entp dynamic is by no means unexplored , but even so my personal network study has left me taken aback . after a couple years of typewatching i compiled a list of every absolutely ... any entps out there worked for an add / adhd boss ? ( not shooting in the dark here , btw , i'm quite certain mine is diagnosed . ) i could really use some insight . so far , my last two interactions have made ... i resisted a phone til i was 18 . in college i finally gave in . it's brilliant for organizing meet ups and last minute changes , so for that i really love it . but i've been told i can sound mean and ... so , i need this today — yay bumping ! dear esfj , i'm so sorry that i'm not miserable , because surgeries don't always go as planned , and i really hope it makes you feel better that in fifteen years ... so i told my esfj roomie about her type a while back , and evidently it terrified her . she completely resents the thought that anyone could be like her or that she could be the slightest bit ... hey friends ! i'm working on a research project right now on my personal cultural background through the lens of my personality type , so i might post here several times in the next few days to ask for ... he could be . but i also get the impression he may be a tad warped with drinking . as i don't drink , not sure what impact that has on entps or other personalities , but sober he might be something else ... woah , that's cool ! someone random , or imagined , or relevant , or yourself , or whose face ? that voice is called an internal monologue . what's interesting is that some people read through their internal monologue , others do not . my boyfriend is a visual reader ( i still don't get how that ... hey man ! welcome to perc . thanks for sharing your story … it was pretty interesting , and has lots of stuff to think about . one thing that came to mind is on the bit with image memory . in simplified ... welcome ! actually , my experience has shown that intj females have it pretty sucky overall . it's no picnic being an entp female , especially for those of us who enjoy computer science or engineering , ... hey folks ! simple question , someone may have already asked it , but out of curiosity how do you perceive entps ? my relationship started nothing like i would have expected . i thought i would fall fast and hard — instead , i spent four months feeling nothing for a nice friend who i knew had a thing for me , then ... hello all ! please excuse the long backstory ! i promise , there is a reason and a question at the end . a friend of mine , somewhere between infj and enfj , was recently dumped by an estp . she's ... project mode is kind of awesome . :) the more of these conditions that are met , the harder it hits : a ) i find inspiration , an idea , something unthought of ; b ) it's unique — a niche or gap that has not ... at times , yes , but it's always rooted in philosophical / existential crises . and worse when i haven't slept . it's irritating , though , when i start to feel very productive and know i'm doing something ... i've seen the same thing . i think you hit it when you said he's reliable in everyday life . i have the same slew of ideas , the same need to share them , and the same likelihood to skip follow-through ; ... by far the best way for me to stay on top of things is to not have full free days . biggest mistake ever was scheduling three hard days of classes / work and two off days — doesn't work at all . i strongly ... jessesutter — oh , yes , believe me , i think homeschooling is great . i homeschooled 5 years and received an excellent education . but it is not the solution to american public education system . the idea ... hola , good enfjs ! i'm looking for guidance about a good friend who i'm helpless to help . i'll say this much first , i'm not entirely certain she falls directly in the enfj categoryx 97she ' s gone through ... bah ! his solution to the education system is … homeschooling . homeschooling ! ! ! bah ! i'm in a cs education program . it's fantastic , been my passion for years ( which is enough to tell me it's important ! ) . ah , details . there's definitely strategies there . one way is learning how to ... both . i usually balk when a relationship starts to be taken for granted , as in we've been friends for a couple years and that will never ever change and we'll be bffs forevah . yeah , no . something ... hum . when we were talking about christmas , i told my teacher i was jewish and celebrated hanukkah — not sure if i pulled it off . :) i despised dolls with a deep loathing . stuffed animals were my thing ... when the only cure for intense depression is a few hours of ted talks . mm … ted talks … * drool * fantastic . i had one friend that for a year or so i used as my sounding board — whatever idea i needed to let out , i would bounce off him , and while it's rare for other types to introduce something ... meep . * die . * best of luck but you don't need it — love everything about it :) including the pic , whether that's currently old or new . i'm not sure if this is what you're saying or not ; but i do know what it's like to feel like many different people . it's always been natural for me to see myself as different selves at different ... i switched names for two years during an overseas move before college . more or less worked at the time with occasional confusions , but quickly fell apart when i left because my parents never ... jess mariano . brilliant , hot , depressed , misunderstood bad boy from gilmore girls . ( infp ? ) mmmmx 85 i've lived the entp ideal life of moving across the world about once a year for many years . what has worked for me is saying proper goodbyes before each move and then cutting most contact . when i go ... three things help me : forgiving myself , external deadlines , and relationships . the first two go together . i've learned to embrace my procrastination as efficiency when i have an external deadline ... my main public speaking experience has unfortunately been with a truly miserable audience in a class no one enjoys or wants to be in . i get nada , zero , zilch reaction from 30 zombies , so the ... schools . universities , museums , academia , research institutions , publishing houses , think tanks and such conferences — we're the intellectuals after all ! ( though personally i hate most museums . it'd ... clever waffle , thanks ! join the fitocracy sounds like precisely what i might need , i'm excited now . just requested an invite . awesome . ceembee , thanks ! ! i'll just say , sounds like we could be twins . but i'm really trying to work on a positive approach to it instead of the scare factors and guilt trips that have been less than ... my experience says , you would not . feel free to prove me wrong but i've found the best ways to infuriate an intj are a ) to try to help them , thereby implying weakness / insult and b ) to try to debate ... owl city ! or anything superchick . in my education class we studied the layers of oral communication : what you actually say , what the other person thinks you say , what you intend the other person to hear , and what the other person ... thinking about it , mine would be programming or , as in this example , specialized cooking / baking . those are both things that really piss me off when i find someone else is better than me . teddy 564339 , collecting and stockpiling — sounds about right ! especially since swagbucks / ebooks don't take any space , that makes a lot of sense . thanks ! maura , i suppose that's fair . the way i see it is that if no one else on the planet cared , i probably would not either ; thus it is only the fact that others care that motivates me , and i must hide ... zerosum , you mean i can just go into a gym and do whatever strikes me , no reps or structure ? * lightbulb * love it ! maura , perhaps disguise was the wrong word . i didn't necessarily mean disguise as ... '