' actually yes , i can relate to this very much ! ( isfp enneagram type 6w7 ) hey fellow isfps ! so i've been thinking about making a playlist of songs that are perfect for isfps ! so what songs would you suggest ? i i guess i should add that i don't go for sexually ... phlegmaticsanguine :p erc 2 : i hope it's years before you face it . thank you for your kind words . hello perc ! sorry i haven't been around much but something sad happened . my dad passed away unexpectedly on july . he had lost his wife to cancer in the spring and it's my belief that it was too ... students suspended after water snake wigglies mistaken for sex toys , parents say | nbc4i.com for me it's easy to say . my heart will go on . : sick : actually , dear everyone in the uk . just wanted to express my deepest sympathy to you for the horrific attack today . i just wanted to say that thoughts and prayers are with you , no matter what our ... i can be like that , most of the time . but if you step on one of my values , i can get a bit harsh . :) i love kids , and i'm pretty good with them . i like how real they are . if you loved the golden girls , you'll love this ... : laughing : 652274 i'm so ashamed ! ! ! 652266 . laughs . a lot . . when she's done , she's done ! isfp trump ... lol 651818 so on this isfp page i belong to on facebook , someone mentioned that many people have typed president trump as an isfp . i strongly disagree with that ! i think he's an estp . what do you think of him ... 1 : what do you do for fun ? how's your sense of humor ? for fun i enjoy hanging out with close friends , watching old sitcoms , and photography . my sense of humor is downright goofy . i love slapstick ... you scored 49.123 out of 100 masculine points , 89.167 out of 100 feminine points , and 63.333 out of 100 androgynous ( neutra isfp female 21 undeniable signs that youâx 80x99re an infj personality type hey , welcome to the party ! : crazy : what are these goals of which you speak ? ? ? lol , just kidding ! sort of . i mostly just set work goals , and take it a day at a time . beyond that ? ? ? well , happiness . not just mine , other people's . i ... isfp irl , online , i am a bit more pushy and outspoken ... maybe my fi comes out even more . i think sometimes i may appear to be an esfp . : cool : i mean like 100-118 means average iq or something like that . i've seen different opinions on what the iq scale is . what is the official scale ? ( is there an official scale ? ) bright flashes we had a similar situation at my job , which also employs people with disabilities of all kinds . hr addressed it at an all staff meeting . they talked about people not getting to eat because someone in ... it does , thank you ! :) cool thread ! wow , so many things make me happy ! let's see , my family and friends , dogs , sunshine , my church , my job , sitcoms , laughing , and making people laugh , chocolate , flowers , being out in ... my friend cassie has had a really rough life for the past several years . her mom ( who was one of my best friends ) passed away unexpectedly at age 44 , leaving behind cassie and her two brothers ... she's esfj . : happy : that was fantastic ! ( and more organized then my rambling thoughts ! ) thanks for responding ! : sun-smiley : ... or how i experience life as an isfp . not sure anyone will jump on this or not , but i got the idea from someone questioning what it's like to be isfp . they didn't like the profile of isfps . that ... hello , and welcome ! i seem to get along best with sj types . : happy : well , first of all , there's a difference between being childish and being childlike . i'm not childish , but i do have a child like excitement about life i enjoy the simple things of life , but i am ... when an estj is upset , to they want to be comforted , left alone , or to just vent ? ( or something else ? ) oh my ... come on strongly too soon , and we run for the hills ! in the beginning , nice and easy does it . we don't like feeling overwhelmed , so start slowly . if you respect that , if you respect us , we'll ... you can't be an isfp if you dont need freedom and your own space . an old one 646818 now 646826 6467 78 646786 6468 02 korbyn michael alexander mathias obituary | snyder funeral homes siggy , you were so kind , again thank you . here's the obit for sweet korbyn . we isfps are known to be people of few words . we talk the least of all sixteen types , or so they say ! for me , when i first meet people , that's very true.but , once i'm comfortable , i can talk your ... family grieving after 9 - year-old marion boy dies of flu and asthma complications | wsyx that means so much ! truly , thank you ! i think it was blue . : hearts : yup , sounds familiar ! i walk around in a daze , and then , when it hits me in full , i retreat to my room and cry till i fall asleep . thank you . he was very loving and full of life . he'll be missed , but giving other kid's lives , he'll live on in a way . garden gnome thank you so much ! they can use all the prayers they can get . i can't imagine the pain of planning your own child's funeral . : grief : as elizabeth said , korbyn has gained his angel's ... thank you ! i believe their memories of his loving heart will bring them comfort . i'm also glad they have their daughter . i'm sure she'll bring them comfort in these next few , difficult days and weeks ... frasier : enfj niles : infj martin : istj daphne : enfp roz : estp thank you , siggy i'm grateful for all the prayers and kind words . '