to me ... sex is just sex and it is awesome ! it's just a type of physical pleasure and is much stronger when it comes with love . however , i do think sex is something intimate , so i can't do it with ... the worst thing happened on me - broke up on christmas eve ... to be honest , i don't expect people to fully appreciate this song . it probably takes a lot of ( sad ) experiences before one can comprehend . i burst out of tears when i first heard it , and still ... ... happy birthday :D when you said scuba diving , i've actually been thinking of sky diving ! don't you think that would be a nice idea when someone take a picture of you sky diving . i would be thrilled ... millestelle it's really hard for me to choose because i think harpsichord is quite special and in most cases , its sound is too small for a full orchestra . rather , it is used as a ' continuo ' which is ... beaugarcon check him out , he's good . i always like the silent hill series and the movie too . i heard that they've been making a second one but don't know when it would be released . feel sorry for her ... ... i love pokemon since was i child . i started from beginning of the series when pokemon yellow was released . at that time i was in japan , so that excited me even more . the little pikachiu following you ... why not ? it's touching . king_moonracer i've watched ' my strange addiction ' and found it quite funny somehow :) yea , everything can be addicitive and in my previous posts , i've said everything has its goods and bad so ... it is no doubt that the cost of illegalisation is high , but may not be as high as legalisation . legalising weeds do not simply mean it can take the profits out of the drug cartels . i ... i do think stuff like alcohol and tobacco are more harmful than weed on a personal level , but this is not the direct reason why they should be illegal . many things in this world have ... i'm a little struck by the relatively high number of votes in support of legalising weed and i beg to differ . though it is said that weed is not addictive , it is indeed not but only limited to the ... mark 9:50 ' ' salt is good , but if the salt has lost his saltness , with what will ye season it ? have salt in yourselves , and have peace one with another . ” your situation is very complicated to me ! i guess you need to find a place quite and start thinking about what you really want . since you already kind of know who you really are , that already is an ... morpheus 83 i think the most important thing is to be consistent the online identity with who you really identity youself is . even biologically that a transexual maybe a girl but identifies ... that sounds creepy to me ... but if it's like a guy who always wants to be a girl , then it's fine with me . if it's for stalking purpose or whatsoever , i can't accept this entirely because it's similar ... i think i already succeed if i can survive in this world without being unhappy . great story man ! grazie mille :) mushr 00m you're right , it's just another sad story . however , i've really met people with very nasty personality which is much reflected on their appearance , and it's more than body dysmorphia ... it's pretty much a feeling to me , drawing from my pool of experiences . i usually feel a sense of inconsistency between a person's personality and his behaviour . indeed , i think people are fake ... why invaildating your emotions ? i'll rather live as a pessimistic man than a heartless robot . and something seems logically good or bad for you might not be necessarily true in the real world ... i appreciate people who have a sense of depth . i like intellectuals who are willing to accpet lots of ideas rather than judgemental . people with a good heart is what i admire most , i despise ... cedar you can do it ! just take a little bit of time . life goes on anyway , why not enjoy the present ? that's a really good question because i don't really know the answer to that ! i usually think that we get disappointed by a rejection because we put too high hopes on the first hand . so now , whenever ... yes i do have life changing experiences . the most dramatic change is on deciding how i should be as a person and what i should be doing in the future . the change is not only caused by a single ... what if i am one of those attractive people xd . anyways , attractive people without much personality are more suitable for short term relationship , at least to me . but you know , when people don't have ... that can be an intp too , need to know more about the feeling side . i feel that she's more of an intp because of the her logical style of writing . relatively , the sentences are clearly-structured ... a little bit that kind of pressure but not that much because it really depends on what kind of people i'm hanging out with , not a problem with close friends . but with first newly met friends , i do ... thwoomp i can't agree more with the hayao miyazakia's choice . he's a prefect role model for people seeking a good heart , down-to-earth attitude and most important of all talent ! you must check ... except cute girls ;) dileep you're right - too much passion . and usually the reality doesn't quite match with the passion that we have . don't want to let down my parents but still want to live up my own dreams ... god ... you may have to be an opear dork to appreciate this ...  keep cool man ! good story , and i'm studying for finals too - good luck ;) are you who you are ? i have a friend who got a bachelor degree in psychology and she came out to work in human resources . personally , i think a psychologist or social worker has to understand one's emotion on both ... i would agree with your advisors that a college degree is important if you want to get a relatively decent job with better salary . however , i don't quite agree that you should choose whatever that ... omg , i wondering who has the energy to make this ' poster ' ! there are like 500 + pokemons and you have to put them together one by one ? it must be the work of an infp ! same as above , i'd date a mermaid , such beauty and a good voice ! but does that mean i always have to be in the sea ! ? wheeze so do you not drink hot chocolate in non-rainy days ? :) i love hot chocolate except in summer . in rainy days , i like something hot ? maybe a soup or something . but usually , anything ... yea i see that the infp thread is more active than any others and there's always people online or posting threads . don't know why , this place feels more like home ... ? with your profile pic , makes me think of that disclaimer : mild horror .  how would that be juvenile ? video games music can be awesome ! like this one too ! the zelda series got some of the best music out there . ... his music is just as dark as hell ... quite hard to listen to but it seems to bring people to another dimension . here's one . many more include ' black mass ' , ' white mass ' , ' poem of ecstasy ' , etude op . 8 ... as long as confidence doesn't turn into ego , i don't see it's a problem and it's necessary usually . it's a form of self-satisfaction that drives us continue to live . however , when confidence blinds ... if i give up my idealism , i'm not an infp or it's not me anymore because this is what defines my quality . i did experience the lost of hope and experienced depression , however i never lose my ...