' wonder are they huggable .. : unsure : i'll try to figure it out : tongue : and then maybe they'll run away from me , and then my experiment would failed : rolleyes : true , can't think how someone ( or at least istp ) have enough patient for ' unhealthy ' one . can't imagine how bad it will be , to have a relationship with some ' unhealthy type ' .. in my opinion , no one ... yeah i guess it will be pretty similar with perc ( that why i said that i feel stupid when asking this question ) hahaha .. but there's must be differences , you know .. between online communication ... damn , hahahahaha , i thought i'm the only one .. you're hilarious guys .. * sounds in the speaker * i demand you to choose a leader , or there will be no internet connection for a week who will you choose ? and why ? well , thank you sir .. still hoping that i will meet one of your kind one day .. i forgot to tell you , each personality will be represented by two people , a boy and a girl what if , 32 person with 16 different personalities live together ( in a house when you can't escape each other , well very big house ) . what if , a crazy unknown person told you all by a speaker in ... mostly to xxtx person , but for now i'll take intj as my favorite one . there is something about them that i adore . well , never met one though .. hopefully they're as adorable as i think they're i know it's been old , but i guess i'll give my vote anyway .. i would say istp , not because i'm istp , but i've read many of personality description of istp and all of them said that istp will made a ... 354098 3541 06 yes , i'm using hijab : happy : intp ? type most likely to eat a worm to find out how it is taste ? in crisis situation : ok , i'm panic ! ! so much panic ! ! so much trouble ! ! maybe wee need to look on the rule book , maybe there is explanation and solution there . and don't forget to ask everyone ... maybe because istp and intj , well we both are individualistic and more into thinking than emotion . it's nice to have someone who won't intrude my personal space , and someone who can be left alone ... thank you hahaha for your understanding . your explanation is so simple and easy to understand .. thaanks , a lot .. sorry my bad , i was tried to say ' false typing ' , i was looked for 693 but didn't find it . so it's implied as the mediator row ? okay then .. thanks sorry my bad , i was tried to sya ' false typing ' , i was looked for 693 but didn't find it . so it's implied as the mediator row ? okay then .. thanks waiit , i got it .. hehehe , , sorry . i didn't see that someone already explain it before .. oke then here is it rainquility : 5w6 - 9w1 - 3w2 ( the thinker ) sp / so ( the castle defender ) virgo ... sorry , i'm new here . would anyone explain me about so / sx and other thing ? i get a little bit confuse . thanks : happy : 1st of all , hat's your intention for asking us this question ? i know that you're actually declare your question , but why do you give us the question ? i've watched the video . well , am i right when ... welcome : happy : or should i say , welcome back ? 1 . i love purple 2 . first child 3 . live in developing country 4 . long , wavy , black hair 5 . i like spider 6 . i adore forensic 7 . and yes , like some people say , it's harder than i think it would ... truee , , hell yeah , we pass the test without using our brain to the maximum capacity . i'm imagining what we can accomplised when we used our brain into the max capacity . maybe we can rule the world ... i know what you mean . for example i'm working in the hospital as med-school student , a place where i need to respons human emotion . in my work place , i do caring to my patient , listen to their ... but somehow stil manage to have a good mark , well at least pass the test .. hahahaha hopefully i'm lucky enough to meet some intj in my life :) so truueee , hahaha .. different case though . you know , test .. while my friend ready to cry her heart out because she ' think ' she can't do the test because she can't answer 10 question out of 100 , and ... really ? hahahaha , , someone says that there're 7 people who's identical with us .. 301514 photo from 2 years ago , , 301482 i found this picture awesome . when we all feeling fucked up actually but we have to smile . the hardest thing for me is how to keep my face straight / smile when i really want to punch someone ... hi there , for the first time i'm so confused about myself but then i took the test and then i realize that i'm just istp . * thanks for personality test out there .. i'm 24 years old , female . live ... it's java island , east jave to be precised . it's near bali island thank you seriously guys , you've open my eyes . and it's nice to finally talk to someone who will take me seriously . people who can talk to me straighfowardly to me and present me with the truth , the ... thank you , it's brighten up my day , truly . and since you've mentioned it , would you mind to explain about ni , te , etc ? i've read some about it , but people explain it in complicated way . would you ... ahhh , i see .. really ? what part of australia ? i've once have friend from west australian , fremantle but i never been to australia myself . we're sent email to each other . wait , sorry , get a bit lost here . what is it with cat and nf ? i'm happy t hear that yiu glad with some istp new comrad : wink : ahh , i see .. well now you make me curious .. where do you live actually ? wow , i think i'm in love .. hahahaha ' you have low confidence , do you ? ' you read me out load , great . well then , yes i do have my insecurity . but i won't call it low confidence . i'm pretty ... what with the penis , i found myself laughing at this part . sorry , but it's funny . okay i get you . then you want to say , that whatever it is there is must be a logical reasoning for all . i want to ... really ? wow , so happy to hear that . i thought no one would ever heard indonesian language well than i can relax now , , nice to know that you will comfort someone who are shy and reserved . i know what you mean by ' benig toyed ' part , believe me , i think no one want to be played . furthermore , ... thank you clyme , tha't very nice of you .. bahasa indonesia , i doubt you ever heard it : frustrating : hahahaha ... but what about a riddle , words game ? don't you like it ? what if you met someone who too scared to reveal the real her ? that one girl who hide herself because she believed thet once she opened her ... yes , bitter truth is still a truth .. while sugar coating lie , well the coating will be gone and the lie is not something we can appreciate .. got it , thank you very much .. so , what you're trying to say is , just be my self and the right person will come on my way .. that i can make someone fall in love with me by become the person the ... some topics are interesting , i'm still trying to find my place here though .. notes : sorry for bad grammar , english isn't my native language , not even my second language too tt i understand what you're saying there . and yes , i think i get more efficient when i get a little pissed of . but angry ? well when angry , i can't think clearly actually but i do can kick some butt when ... thank youuu .. great :) , okay .. thanks : happy : need some guidance from you guys : happy : #newbie's speaking '