' what are your interests and hobbies ? philosophy , sports , travel , internet , television what kind of food do you eat ? everything , not fussy . i try to get a lot of healthy unprocessed foods , but ... i completely understand what you're saying . and having a ... fluid identity never used to bother me . but , i'm not sure if it's conducive to happiness or not . temporary harmony and relief ? - ... when i younger , i felt like i wanted to be a person that has a lot of partners ( 16/17 ) . then , i went kind of nuts from about 18 - 24 . now i'm ashamed of how many i've had , especially considering some ... interesting , what do you think distinguishes emotions and feelings ? i tend to use them interchangeably . yep , you get it . i'm beginning to think it's unhealthier to continually fake , as for starters it's exhausting as we've said - but i also think it begins to make your real feelings harder to recognize ... haha . i actually did double take that as it looked a bit wrong , but decided to leave it in . i think everyone fakes feelings to a certain extent . social niceties etc . but i've been reflecting on how i do it , and i think it's exhausting me , and making me stupider . it's almost like a ... good post . getting laid with someone you actually like solves most problems ! and nice to see one of my intp brothers found a beautiful enfp to love him ! obviously we could be totally different , but ... thanks . but i think the problem is finding value . everything seems to end in nihilism . this being the case , i look to emotions . i value happiness - and by extension i value positive relationships and ... i'll try to keep this reasonably short and not overly self-involved , but it may come across that way . anyway , i have a great deal of anxiety and paranoia , and i think it relates to my identity ... it's pretty much impossible to separate cultural influences from biology . i mean , you can argue things like men have more testosterone etc ... but you'll find that the extra testosterone manifests in ... men are kind of in a bind . we are , in many ways encouraged and rewarded by society to embrace our animal instincts ( sports , business , love [ most women tend to like a guy that's passionate ] but on the ... i can kind of relate . i was a pretty talkative , outgoing child . this lasted until around age 16 . conversation then was like catching a ball , for those that are good at sports . it's just instinct . you ... well , you can set up a tautology where everything is pointless , making both feeling and thinking equally useless . but i think the idea is not that we should stop thinking , but that thinking has ... x93where am i , or what ? from what causes do i derive my existence , and to what condition shall i return ? ... i am confounded with all these questions , and begin to fancy myself in the most deplorable ... happy with the ntp , the i is a downer but i'm coming to terms with it . i just lack focus . so many things vying for my attention . once i get started , i can still feel a desire to stop and do something else in the background . every now and then i really get in the zone , ... but saying there are no absolutes is an absolute in itself : o ! ! ! 111 absolutely . writes thesis on antidisestabishmentarianism , can't work out where to hand it in . schopenhauer cure . fictional story centred around addiction , schopenhauers ' pessemism , buddhism and group therapy . yep , if i'm new somewhere my sense of direction is pretty bad . eg i'll go to a bathroom where i've had to take a few turns & sometimes i'll walk out facing the wrong direction . i think it's the ... just turned 25 . i can say that at the moment i'm trying to reconcile my emotions with my tried and true approach of ( at least attempted ) detached objectivity . i think this is common for people like ... i'm horrible at guessing types but i'll take a stab - both probably isxj's . i get along with dad now that i don't live with him , mostly via sports . otherwise we'd have little in common . very ... it's not what i thought it would be as a child , but it's probably worth persisting with anyway . love it ! reality has its ups and downs , but the dreamworld is always bliss for me . no anxiety , no problems , no stress ... ahhh yeah . if there's a page or two i'll read first . if there's more and i really wanna say something i'll just dive in ... then read the thread ... then normally find that what i've said has not only already ... growing up i valued athletics and sports over thinking . this normally brings you in contact with sensors and extroverts . these kind of people were my friends growing up , and have continued to be ... sounds like a typical corny fb post . anyway .. i guess you could say it's suggesting a person needs some basic maxims in place which they can use to judge whether something is right / wrong , true or ... getting home with no cars in the driveway is relieving , not dissapointing . you live with others and they're often in their rooms , doors closed - you don't think they're unfriendly , you think it's ... everything is luck it's just wrong / that's just wrong ( making a moral judgement ) . man i hate when people do that . i make poor choices . gamble stupid amounts , sleep with strange women , say thoughtless things . behaviour that i always beat myself up over the next day when i think it over . god it's fun in the ... i'm nice when someone approaches me - as in i'll smile , help , genuinely listen to what they're saying even if i'm not interested etc . otherwise i think i come off as very aloof . i generally don't ... i think it's more important that you see it as absolutely wrong . i've noticed this too . it's really frustrating . you can call them out on it but like you say , you'll just get a look of bemusement / puzzlement and they'll go on with the same behaviour . i don't know ... done i can't dance , but am pretty co-ordinated otherwise . i like contact and ball sports ( no homo ) which seems a little atypical for intp . i usually just wear normal stuff , i . e jeans and a long sleeved top / coat in winter , shorts and a t-shirt in summer . no logos . but then i have my bad days where i just don't care , and i'll go out to ... lol'd at the living room . the way you describe it sounds very epicurean , i like it . i think it's probably more the drug than the personality type . ecstacy is awesome for pretty much everyone . i normally hate that suff ( raves , festivals ) , but give me a decent pill & i'll dance all ... when someone shows ( in a tactful way , without being robotic and closed minded about it ) that they've clearly considered and thought about something deeply it makes me really like them . general ... introverts can't break down my walls and i can't break down theirs . neither person wants to invest a lot early on , neither person wants to look / feel needy and attached so we end up just not talking ... i agree that societal pressures shape intp females to be more feely and relationship oriented . the same could be said for intp guys that grew up in a more popular kind of crowd that values ... i never thought of it as an intp trait , but i can add that i'm very vain . i think entp's are both charismatic and thoughtful , and it's the type i'd like to be , so my vote goes there . sorry if there is a specific forum for this . in a nutshell - she is quite social , has a lot of facebook friends and seems to enjoy ( or at least presents herself as ) enjoying group activities ... exercise , exercise , exercise avatar . i tend to go from looking vacant with dead or confused eyes to big bright smiles , not much in between . love this description . '