' infjs do this too . i have a system for getting dressed in the mornings . it takes me a minute to pick out my clothes but it always looks awesome ' cause i have that shit down dear enfps you guys are so sexy * runs away * do you have any idea how much i like enfp-sex the best ever . i think it's really neat that we live in the same city even if you're an infp you too ? :) hmmm in my relationships ? no . the problem is when i stay in bed with someone for days when i have shit to get done :( ahfiwehgf * needs to get laid again soon please * oh it was just a bad week and i also hadn't showered in a while . then i started tripping over cute girls ' laptop cords and generally attracting attention to myself bad , bad times :( i seem to know alot of isfps , especially when i was in highschool they're lovely beauty follows them i've struggled so much with feeling like i stand out too . i either blame it on being overdressed or underdressed . i've given up though . let the haters hate . also are you suggest that i wear ... the bean trees by barbara kingsolver . it's about a girl from kentucky in the 1970 ' s after highschool because she doesn't just want to get pregnant like all her classmates . someone ends up leaving ... i am officially the 5th infj in canada ^ . ^ homg i am in calgary that's only like four hours away ! :D i don't get it is there a url in the op why can't i play :( a fire man giving a kitten oxygen if i really want something i will make time for it . ^ ^ ^ this i am good at making googley eyes with strangers when i am drunk in bars :D tell you something that you had never known about yourself ( this means they have been thinking about you :) ) you're just happy that i'm single :P excuse me , i am an emotional exhibitionist dear ex-bestfriend , i have written many of these letters to you , and left them tucked into various corners of the internet where you would never find ... as a general rule , girls take an interest in a male when they realize the male is interested in them . i read a book about it . trust me , this reminds me of the bogart from harry potter fe makes judgments based on what is good for people ni makes judgments based on congruency with the internal landscape of the user maturity isn't a dichotomy , and it can't be defined easily . maturity is knowing , accepting and filling your place in the universe . it means different things for different people at different ... i have heard growing cat grass will prevent them from eating other plants ( you get two cat grass plants and rotate them so they can recover ) but i've never personally tried this go to intp central :) you'll like it better there d00ds . relationships are sooo r-tarded just learn to have a one night stand and be happy living your own life . i'm an infj , so i know everything to know about people , and this is the ... firstly : i think i just had an aneurysm , your cat is so cute . secondly : how do you get to not eat your plant ? my cats are bonkers for house plants i just don't date . plain n ' simple i lost my infjness . well , not really . but i had alot of traumas in too little time , and i can't seem to play counselor anymore without seriously hurting myself . how do i find meaning in life without ... we didn't have tv growing up had to google . first result was ... is a fictional character . your point is invalid no offense taken , i know loads of genuinely compassionate men . however i've found most guys who wander around blabbering about how much of a nice guy they are are either douches or boring . people ... yes , i do very much like mentally sparring with entps i can see myself having a sexual relationship with an entp , because of the energy / tension . but getting close enough to date and revealing ... well since you asked ...  ... chickpeas + mustard i advise that when you are doing nothing in particular you check up to see what your mind is doing when it isn't being told what to do . it will reveal itself in time , don't stress too much about it :) that's just a perfectly normal part of the human experience ;) it means you're not a sociopath the weird thing is all of my boyfriends pretended to be infj-y at the start , and then they all stopped acting ... the order really is the key though . we use the same functions in completely different ways . like ti mostly surfaces in an infj's writing ( or the weird little systems we have for things ) , where ... if a guys says he's a nice guy he's either 1 . not and thinks he is because he is able to shift his values to accommodate his needs 2 . boring . like y'know , how is that pastry ? oh it's nice ... i doubt it . an istp / infj could certainly never confuse themselves for the other my pop-pop is an istp . he explained the world to me and how everything works when i was a little kidlet . we chill out and cook together . but we never plan it out . i'll just be cooking and he'll be ... this was me when i was a bb eighteen years later , i still don't know what sound a turkey makes entjs seem to be the most easily irritated type , not gonna lie i am such a hopeless romantic . when i think about it , monogamy seems like such a dumb idea , but i am always so drawn to it . '