' the wheels on the bus in this very moment , frustrated . i can't stand it when i'm trying to do something and things don't work how they're suppose to so i can actually accomplish that thing i'm trying to do . grrr trying to get a picture on here from my phone , but it won't work . i've tried everything i can think of . i've tried to use the url . tried saving , copying and pasting . ? ? ? i wish i could remember more details . either way i can at least recall two separate dreams . one involved an online friend . the feeling of the dream was intense . the other dream was odd . my eldest ... i had this dream the night before last . i basically dreamed about my ex . my memory , of course , is a bit faulty since it's been a couple days . i remember that it was intense and that we got back ... utterly confused and quite disappointed really . contemplating my type again . tested as an infp originally about 7 years ago . then infj and started researching and trying to understand functions ... 524273 went out to breakfast this morning . i was craving eggs and toast for whatever reason . i was quite disappointmented when the server brought me burnt toast . i'm not the kind of person to get too ... i find it pretty troublesome that as i sit and reflect on the last twenty years of my life i'm finding that i am no farther ahead today than i was back then . sure , i've accomplished many things and i ... for any of those who might possibly be wondering where i have been ... i am here . i am still alive . i've just been stuck with my head in the toilet since i found out i'm pregnant . happy 40th birthday ... oh gosh i know ! i feel so badly when it gets to the point that i seriously give him the look of death ! it isn't all the time ... usually when there isn't any other distraction like the sound of the tv ... i never realized how much i dislike hearing people eat their food until hearing my hubs eat his . major pet peeve ! i've considered wearing my ear buds and listening to music while we eat just so i can ... took me two tries , but i passed my state insurance exam today ! woohoo ! ! i'm stoked . and , i'm relieved . now to get my hubs to pass and then we are on our way to a new career and a new life . i 2nd that ! my daughter reached out to me last night . it wasn't over anything that important ... lol ... she just had a hair dying disaster . apparently she was hoping to get a couple darker blonde streaks in her ... i am beginning to wonder if it's too much to expect . i think that perhaps that is my problem ... expecting the impossible . us humans are truly mind boggling . even if that one person is found , i ... eating a bushel of bananas and contemplating all the things i would do to my kids ' stepmom if i weren't so nice and if i were a witch . the other morning i woke up in the worst vindictive mood . by nature i am not vindictive , so i didn't quite understand what my deal was until i offered it much thought and realized a very profound ... david gilmour , a pocket full of stones . pics from my walk today ... ! i am feeling quite pleased that i have managed to stick to a goal for more than a couple of days [ so far ] . if the thought of exercise can't get me out of the house and ... _observer_ i will look forward to seeing more :) here are a few that i got yesterday . two from my daily walk , one from the university i visited yesterday briefly , and the other is of a local ... i'm eating rice with coconut sugar on it and sugar snap pees , hanging out online , and ... yah , that's about it . maybe a movie in few . my biggest battle with myself . i would like to believe that love can conquer all . i did for most of my life . i fear that my experiences have challenged that belief , that hope , that expectation . when it comes down to it ... so many ... wow ! ! i would love to be at that beach ! feeling the sand between my toes ... ! that is crazy about the hats ! lol ! i'm not really hot blooded ... just stubborn . i like my flops ! i'd prefer to go ... my five minute walk yesterday was interesting . first of all , it was longer than 5 minutes [ yea me ] . that was nice . secondly , it was short lived . i was thoroughly enjoying the beautiful day when an ... warweasel makes sense a lot ! : wink : i was married to an istj . for the most part it was okay , but all in all , it was a train wreck . we had a hard time meeting in the middle . takes two to meet in ... perfect description . at least from my personal experience as an older [ or dare i say wiser ? ] infj female . i noticed this one day when i was reflecting on the differences between my 1st and ... warweasel yes , i can see that : wink : i am the same way . for example , wednesday night i planned on doing laundry thursday . it took quite a bit for me to finally commit to doing it then ...     [  ... i've decided to take the wise advice of warweasel regarding the adding of an exercise routine to my daily life . today i read a couple of articles that have helped me change my mindset . 6 small ...    </a>  so , how do we do it right ? whenever i add a photo a click on the image add icon and upload from my computer . what other way is there to do it ? bitching out a pounding headache . it will not get the best of me today . it's not my party , but i wanna cry too . dearest you , our relationship shouldn't be this boring . mortified me 203914 overthinking . yes , i believe so , though i am just starting to become increasingly aware of it anyways . yep , i left the room and gave him the look of death . ok . so let me ask this . if you ask a person a question and they answer back with another question [ completely avoiding the original question asked ] does that automatically mean they are evading the ... hell , i get annoyed with myself for being my own diplomat . : wink : don't worried about whether they become irritated or not . it should be expected actually . i mean think about it ... each side wants ... why don't you try me on for size ? i'm fairly certain i will understand :p roud : i'm happy to help in any way i can . * hugs * you have some really nice art work ! ! this piece [ in particular ] stands out for me . : happy : sharing my hubs tunes ...  '