' perfect sense , i know what you mean about it pissing you off , me and the guy that i was talking about broke up about four months ago , and i am still pretty attracted to him . and nothing he says ... he does in fact open up a lot now , we've been dating for about three months and there was a lot of things that lead us to our relationship , between the death of his father and my family issues which ... i am scared to have children , but however . my boyfriend and i have dicussed it , and i will have no more then two so ... one better be a boy , and one better be a girl :D i used to be a manipulative bitch , i'm glad that that has pretty much passed , i just pray that it doesn't come back . because i never did it on purpose .. :( but i was quite the player during all that , ... yikes ! i am embarrassed to be the same type as her :( the other night we had another really long talk and he is bottling everything thing up and beating himself up over it . it's really hard to just sit and watch him tourture himself . we are completely confortable with eachother , we can talk about anything , and we can talk about nothing . it's hard to explain , it isn't very often like i feel like i can tell someone ... when we first started dating we just sat and asked eachother questions . and he shared a lot about his dad with me this past weekend , i feel like that could be an opening , he shared a lot of his ... i seriously think that infatuation and deep meaningful love is possible at the same time , and quickly ... i found a way that it is possible somehow ... most relationships at the start are cuddling and ... that's good to know because you think i would've learned to back off in relationships when i asked the intp i dated to many questions . and it will bother me but i do want what's best for him , i will ... do they bottle them up always until they have a break down or does it very from guy to guy ? because i really want to help my boyfriend in someway , his father died about a year and a half ago and his ... woot ! days like today i wear like , layers and bright colors , a yellow tanktop , a black one too , a bright blue shirt and bright pink eyeshadow i mood dress i guess hahaha it was , and i'm pretty sure that is exactly what it was that and his lack of emotion to everything the only time i knew he cared was when we cuddled after sex . and well , frankly it was sex , ... awww , you're sweet :) thank you , i'm not really feeling the best and that made me smile . sadly , and fortunately this is no longer an issue , we broke up a couple of months ago . guess i was holding him back , i am willing to bet that was part of it . most times , i hate silence , like hate . most times you'll see me with my ipod in and i can't even sleep in silence , i have to have white noise a fan most times the only time i am okay with it ... basicly , i wear the same thing black and white is normaly the way that i go , i have three pairs of shoes , one pair of off converse and two pairs of heels which , i also don't wear unless i have to , i ... i was wondering if he just stopped thinking , and let himself just be . or if i was awesome xd and he did in fact tell me that he loves me over the weekend so i shouldn't be nervous about ... i've noticed that the estp that i am dating has fallen pretty fast too :) so maybe there is hope ? yeahhh . this is a huge issue for me , i tend to fall hard and fast in the first couple weeks . it pisses me off because i know that there is a diffrence between love and infatuation . but i can't ... it's so fun to tease , because if you move to fast and there is no suspence , then it isn't as fun xd going crazy is nice from time to time too :) anyways , i feel utterly confortable around my estp he is fun to be around . so you might want to talk to this girl further , ask her what is a matter with being your friend even know it might not ... well that isn't really true i think he just missunderstood ( but honestly as i was reading it and got to the point where he found out she was an enfp i wasn't surpised at all ) both my sister and i are ... shoot ! i forgot the princess bride too fail ! that movie is amazinggg :) i am trying really hard to type my boyfriend ; we've been dating for about a week and i am postive that he is an extp but i am having serious issues on if he is an i or a s what type of things should ... 1 . donnie darko , i am in love with this movie , i enjoy movies that have twists and turns and you have to pay deep attention to what is going on 2.the butterfly effect , again , same reason the ... i have often been told that i annoy people , but caffine tends to give me an electric shock and my silly swich won't turn off xd this is is when i am told i am annoying the most . often enfp's are ... hahaha , amen . hehe , i am really glad that i am not the only one who does that . that makes me question rather i really do have a borderline i because i really don't care to be around people most times . i took a ... haha , indeed it would . i think that my issue is that i get bored to easily , something else comes along and i turn around and lose people that i care about that way , again , a huge part is emotional control which i , ... oh how i wish i loved freedom . maybe it's just me , but i am a clingy person , i wish i wasn't but annoyingly enough , i can't really help it . so infatuation overcomes me , and i thought that ... the question is , that i don't know if i honestly have . i am unsure that it is possible i've found myself questioning if it's possible for enfp's to really love anyone . i have truely loved three people in my life , an intp , an infp , and an isfp . but in some way shape or ... i love kissing , i could do it all the time without never doing anything else . but basicly , if you're in high school having sex screws your entire relationship ( no pun intended ) from a girls point of view , horray for sensitivity ! there are not a ton of guys in my life who have been the right ammount of sensitve . i either get pricks who are unsensitve , or whiney bitches ... i am newly single , and am unsure as to if i am looking meee too . i would've slept with so many people by now xd ahhh ! yes . exactly , i mean , i said this out loud , in the middle of my class room that is exactly how it is i need verbal affirmation too ugh , i hate playing a guessing game , i mean , the physical ... it's about a guy who trains little butthead dogs xd exactly ! those are my exact fears . i tottaly understand what you mean i know forsure that i won't have kids pretty much at this point ... my mom found a blog about when i was fifteen , i was not having kids then , sooo i'm pretty sure that isn't gonna happen xd but ... i see the issue here , me and my intp have broken up three times , and he always falls back for me and i don't know why . and i can't help but wonder how sex effects intp's emotionaly ... like , at first ... * rubs temples * it's just frusterating , i really care about him , the fact that i haven't seen him for a couple of days ( he's sick ) is driving me crazy . i really care about him , but i can't ... sadly i do not want children , i never have , but it becomes more and more clear to me , that if i don't want to slow down no kids for me , but i am all but tottaly gay at this point , and if the woman ... i'm starting to like ... not care , i am tired of bs here . he doesn't often try to take a second to just stop thinking so damn much :d ry : i know that he is a thinker for a reason , but ugh . i just ... geeezzzeee how is your computer still working ? i have to be extreamly bored in order for this to happen , because my computer sucks for one , and for two , i get really really annoyed when i ... update : we broke up for a small ammount of time though christmas , and got back togeather , he told his mom last night and today he looks extreamly depressed ( i've never saw him like this before ) and ... the thing that bothers me about all of this , is that she wanted me to date him while she had a boyfriend , but as soon as she was single ( give it about , three days after him and i started dating ... well , i left him ... she back with an old boyfriend two days later . how pointless was that ... :( '