i personally believe that sentience is something that arises most often in anything that can easily harm itself . this is why limbs that can manipulate the world around them are such a common trait in ... don't forget . mel gibson also died on the cross for us , too . sent from my samsung-sm-g 928a using tapatalk yes , please reiterate so that people have more context . optimism and pessimism seem more like personality traits , while realism and nihilism ( kinda ) are both philosophies . and if you're ... you're right . we should repress the idea of death in our society until perfect equality is reached . we have to respect that they can't seek medical help by denying that we can refuse it ourselves . ... i don't think you meant any offense by this statement , but i had to get in here before somebody started going off on you for criticizing seniors for not doing anything ( like how they [ sometimes ] ... many people believe that this generation's average life expectancy may very well exceed 100 years of age , and that we will be able to achieve immortality by the end of the century . this includes a ... where does stoicism fall within this spectrum ? sent from my samsung-sm-g 928a using tapatalk how do we know other conscious lifeforms , such as elephants and african grey's don't have that internal philosophy trying to make sense of life , as elephants have been seen numerous times mourning ... humans are complicated , because they are a naturally occurring structure of elements which perceive themselves as separate from all other naturally occurring structures in the universe . ... or ... i believe that when somebody takes a topic that is known to be held with negative values by some , and then use it in an attempt to bring out positive feelings , that person accepts the topic ( even if ... i was one of those dudes who made jokes using homosexual themes . i've jumped in men's arms , caught men , kissed men , talked with that stereotypical accent , all the cliché things . me personally ? ... fe isn't expression of feeling . it's a connection to external sources , and is how we take in information . introverted feeling is when a person is more affected by their internal values and ... i mean ... being ' happy ' and ' untroubled ' are some of the ways people have perceived me , even during the lengthy period of time i've wanted to die . obviously i'm not going to say that all enfj's ... well i've never really been considered dumb , or considered another enfj i've meet as dumb . believe it or not , i've always been praised for being a little ahead of the rest , but maybe i'm just ... throughout school , one of my biggest fears were that i was just mentally disabled and that everyone was just being nice to me . i know that's not the case now , though ( because nobody's nice to me . lul ... i regret not cashing in on my physical attractiveness more than i did in high school . that's about it sent from my samsung-sm-g 928a using tapatalk how many licks does it take to get to the center of a kalix pop ? keep licking , maybe we'll find out . hopefully ... lol , f * * * in ' scrubs trynna get in on some of my action it tasted ... well like a normal human mouth ( as far as i could tell , nothing special imo ) . i don't like stubble poking into my face when i'm mackin on a hoe , and i can't see myself actually ... clarification : but i have kissed a man before lul i usually don't have any issue with girls saying i'm gay . i've had a couple ask if i'm bi , but i think my divine looks a grade-a flirt game keeps them off their feet . men tho ... i've had ... thank you eggsies . suicide affects too many , and i find it scary that the individuals who are supposed to be our future struggle to see any future for themselves ... it's terrifying that it seems ... i don't agree with the belief that people who don't think that so many people still in high school should be considering the idea of ending their own lives are fools . perhaps you've misunderstood ... i personally don't think it's wise for people to accept the sheer amount of kids willing to give up their futures . this isn't a problem strictly pertaining to the above mentioned individual . this is ... i find it absolutely sickening that people still in school want to die . what is it about a kid not seeing a future for themself that seems remotely acceptable ? this isn't an uncommon problem , ... well , as an enfj , i love to flirt . i especially enjoy it with entps tho , so you must be doing something right . aww #frownyface * thrives off the random , and awkward debate , poking fun at every aspect of it using satire , low-key puns , and more awkward randomness before staring into your soul with a smirk as you judge how ... if i had one myself , my affection would be insurmountable . * challenging grin * tasting wine and horned riders are also among some of my favorite things . i anticipate finding out just how hard i will be seduced what an enticing reintroduction . who could resist the temptations of such a game ? i'd love to witness the enchanting effects of such horn . deadly and addicting are among my favorite things . i think you'll have no trouble fitting in here it looks almost as appetizing as the one you're wearing after hearing it was a dope one , i'm sorry i missed it . * raises a glass * here's to the masses that will soon be flooding in to get their seduction on . i am kalix and i approve this statement lord of fusyonthesis enough to hopefully be considered playful by the visiting party let's see how we're feeling a while after the party gets started haha , i can let it be percieved as such ooh , i like that lettuce , them pickles , tomatoes if i'm feeling a little frisky , dat cheese . sometimes i enjoy mushrooms , cuz i like to think i'm a fun guy ( fungi ) . how does a little ... i'll treasure this offering til the day this thread is closed . would you be interested in joining me for some drinks ? well i guess i'm just gonna have to please all these ladies . seducible enfj male ; ready to to play * one glass of wine down * hey ! it's not our fault people wrongly believe infjs are more interesting than us why , that sounds smashing ! i believe i'm starting to build up an appetite i recieve a mention , but all these rather dope individuals somehow were missed ? how ? nah . sorry , but it just makes you look grotesquely beautiful what's everybody else wearing ? i honestly don't know what that is , but i want to take it as a compliment lol . idk , i'm sure i do at least some days whoa . i had no clue the swedish named a town after me . i'll have to go on a pilgrimage one day . how has this thread gone under my radar until now ? moderate substance abuse is such a large part of my life . i go many days taking a serious amount of microdoses on marijuana . i know it's safe to ... i'm in debt , so the banks won't loan me any fucks to give . otherwise , i'd be comfortable with a 6