' i know that intps giving anyone else emotional advice can be like the blind leading the blind , but being an intp girl who got the intp guy and is now leading a happy life with him and our one year ... steady there , killer . this forum is meant to explore frank truths and allow those who cannot speak freely in person a place to have their say . you can make a harsh reply , but calling someone you've ... usually , i just drink a lot of vodka , but if you're under the age of 21 i'd say try focusing on a topic of interest to muse over in your mind , or think of place that calms you , or listen to ... oh cheer up , everything's going to be okay . before you mourn the loss of what could have been ask yourself why you wanted to be that person . and i work in investments / finance for all the ... i like to stay in the present and the alternate realty i'm living in in my head . i'm watching my 90lbs doberman pinscher getting bullied by an 8lbs poodle and two cats playing some strange game in the next room involving one of my bras and a hair tie and i'm also watching my intp ... at work , my intp boyfriend and i are the two hardest workers in our department and we produce more at a higher quality rate than anyone else . we like to compete with each other . at home , my intp ... i would like to apologize to an infj girl i work with . i stole all her laffy taffy and air heads out of her desk drawer when she went to the bathroom and never felt the least bit sorry about it . uhm , not really . an intp may mirror another person outwardly - i . e . silliness , seriousness , sarcasm , but never mirror a person's feelings . we mirror unconsciously to put people at ease in social ... i plan to hike the entire appalachian trial from georgia to maine . i figure a 4 month walk in the woods should clear up any residual social angst left over from my 20s . and life away from working ... my intp partner was married to an isfp for 10 years ( before he met the magic that is me ) and was , to hear the both of them tell it , the worst mistake they ever made . he wanted to be a homebody and ... i'm going to say an intp man is going to attract a lot of different mbti types , especially women unconsciously seeking emotionally distant partners in order to hurt themselves ( so it feels good ) . an ... she's interested in you . when i was loving my intp guy from afar , i began to physically mirror him and kept scores of men around me that were fantastic catches and was always seen going places with ... i confess i love watching the maury show's paternity tests . i once saw some nasty 400 pound woman learn the guy , she swore to jesus above was her baby daddy , wasn't the father she ripped off her wig ... read up on the history of the earth . it is a self-correcting system . or as george carlin once said , the earth is just going to shake us off like a bad case of fleas . okay , so if you get a minute search for my threads . it will lay out the whole story of two intps who met , stalled , made bad decisions , and finally agreed to go get a drink after work casually via ... you guys are gonna be banging soon . i never , ever thought i'd see a thread about this subject on this forum ! ! ! shame , shame . and i'm a capricorn . deathnote , o brother ! where art thou ? , the piano , inglorious basterds , kill bill 1 & 2 i'm sorry to say - it depends on how much liquor is involved . usually , i don't enjoy social gatherings but i always try to be a good sport and talk to as many people as i can and appear interested ... this might be a very un-intpish answer coming from an intp girl but maybe you two are thinking too much about the relationship to the point that you're not having one . get her out of the house and ... i think i missed something here . don't beat yourself up ! a lot of kids , smart kids , have had the same problem that you are currently dealing with . my parents let me drop out and take the ged when i was 15 . i don't know if you live ... in my early 20 ' s i kept a close group of 4-5 friends that were essentially the only people who i let in for about 5-6 years . then someone outside the group came in and destroyed my social circle ... holy crap , you just described my religious life word for word . very cool , slightly creepy ! it means you will spend lots of time alone thinking about why you're not out hanging out with people and if you're failing the human experience . it also means you will never have the answer to , ... i was never a child . to clarify , i was born an infant and grew from there but i was never a child . when i was 5 years old my mom caught me stashing apartment listings in my sock drawer . all of the above . what i love about this situation is basically every single member of congress ' actions have essentially stated i am not qualified to work in politics . please do not ever vote for ... ti / ne every time . ni moves too slow and would only take a little slap to make it sit down and feel the pain resonating all throughout its soul . i wear a lot of eye makeup and tight low cut tops that show off my goods . sometimes i have blue or pink streaks in my hair . when i walk , i shake my ass like i'm on a runway and the hottest chick in ... how i deal with a pushy person really depends on how much i want to sleep with them . welcome home , friend . you have found your people . i would love to say a million things about this subject but i'll try to keep this short and sweet . to all you younger intps , the best is yet to come . i experienced a period of huge personal growth in ... i have this theory that in an extroverted world , quiet people who are reserved and uncomfortable in social settings are either branded as shy or sociopath . i'm just going to throw this one out there - is there anyone else absolutely addicted to the song of ice and fire / game of thrones series ? i swear , i'll read all 5 books and then start them over again ... wealth in experience and character , yes . wealth in books and clutter , yes . wealth in money , probably not . i think the answer is both yes and no . loneliness is existentialist state - always present and unavoidable . it's how a person deals with loneliness that ultimately defines them . look , i honestly like you . i've enjoyed many of your posts and respect your opinion . but what you just described isn't a real relationship - that's a f * * k buddy you can drop the second things get ... this was the sweetest thing i've read in years . i cried ! my dad isn't intp ( he's an enfp ) but he was exactly the same way . i never realized until i was older how much my father poured his mind into ... women . i didn't even read anyone else's response . i want it , i get it . that's my rule for dating . now keeping it ... <sigh> nooo . we are intp - whole and complete unto our own selves . we are not cool . we are not hip . we do not drive 500 miles to taste some craft beer from a man who has an old whore fart into his ... yes , the answer the definitely yes . you people are just naturally designed to be extreme . embrace it or fight it - it makes no matter . the world is a more interesting place because of this quirk of ... chris rock once said , ladies , if you've been dating a man for 3 months and he still has not introduced you to any of his friends or family - you are not his girlfriend . that's a big red flag to me ... okay , first off ... are you sure you're dealing with an intp male here ? i've never heard of one singing to his lady love to calm her down . an intp's first response to feelings are to clam up and get ... i say this with no emotional ties or snarky connotations - you sound like an entp . power is weird , some people seem to wear it well others don't . if i think i must , i will assume power over people , ... id say you sound a lot like me , about 10 years ago . sometimes people can wobble in between types but that doesn't change who you are as a person . intp or infp , are you happy with yourself and your ... loneliness and failure ... although i've frequently experienced both and its made me a better person but i still fear these states . i'm also a new parent so i'm afraid of accidentally killing my kid , ... well , i'm drinking vodka and sitting here talking to you nice people and the intp boyfriend is five feet in front of me playing the new final fantasy with his battle chicken or whatever the hell that ... nooo . this was an entp boyfriend from back in my college years when i was much younger and didn't know how to handle my men . just a warning to all you young ladies out there , entp boys are total ... don't do it . find some way to incorporate other things - i . e . listen to a good audio book , maybe read a little bit here or there , write an angry letter you don't intend to send , etc . no matter what ... '