' i want to add that i hate people that feel the need to respond in forums such as these in the form of a wall of text so long that it could reasonably be considered a junior college essay . make your ... i also don't believe in the existence of an emotional shield . i simply believe that our feelings are only shared when a true , deep connection has been reached . as far as flirting goes , i think our ... if i have any , i'm completely unaware of it . i do however know of one my intj s . o . has . she can't eat potato / corn chips that are folded over . she has to break them apart out of fear of the folded ... when i'm posing for a photo , i've been told you can only see the happiness from the smile my mouth portrays . the rest of my face and composure looks completely forced and uncomfortable . i don't ... as an intj , i already keep conversation to a minimum . when bitten by the love bug , conversation becomes vastly more scarce . don't mistake my meaning , conversation isn't less because of nervousness ... intjs definitely don't flirt , at least i don't . the concept is so foreign and seemingly stupid / useless . however , i too found myself an intj female and have been with her for 7 years . it has honestly ... honestly , i'd go through my extensive checklist of things i must do , in order , before she knows i'm interested . after that , i grab hold and never let go , unless , of course , it was all a ruse . then ... if i were you , i'd make sure she knows you're available for support if she wants / needs it then just leave it alone . she'll come to you if / when she wants to but until that time , she'll be busy trying ... i am majorly self-confident . because i was always a great student and the type of student that didn't need to study to get the good grades , i had my own ego stroking from that alone . i also had ... personally , i truly hate maybe one or two people . i often get very annoyed at a lot of things , situations , and people which mostly stems from stupidity or a lack of self-discipline or lack of ... i didn't read the article but those points you listed don't sound like me at all , except maybe the first one . i actually don't feel those points describe an intj at all . in my opinion , the reason we ... i don't see the point in this question . if i didn't think like an intj , then i obviously wouldn't be an intj . speculation is therefore worthless to me because you can't know what you'd be like , ... i don't know if this counts , but i often have some highly detailed and lengthy conversations with myself where questions are being asked and answers are being given as if the side of me asking the ... personally , i would say yes . i think my own temper / behavior is pretty controlled , or at least what i consider to be controlled . i get very irritated at a lot of things all the time . it quite often ... snapple , buddy , that is a very good question . i have often pondered the same thing in regards to my own relationship . i love her completely , but at times i've caught myself asking myself , do i ... i feel no threat with people that are genuinely smarter or seemingly more intelligent than myself . i'm usually taken aback by it because i've personally met so few people that are actually smarter ... to answer the question , absolutely not . the convictions of the heart for an intj are of the highest sincerity . that is because our emotions are most often hidden and kept to ourselves that if / when we ... i'd have to disagree with you there on a matter of fact basis . generally , intjs are the ones most likely to wait for intps or any other type to screw up before offering any ideas and / or solutions ... how do you present yourself in a social setting ? i don't really present myself . i'm just there . i don't like attention at all with new people so i do what i can to avoid it . i prefer to sit back and ... i'm speechless ... ( in a good way ) well for my relationship in particular , together time usually means to simply be in the same room as the other , most of the time sitting together . we could be doing 2 completely different things ... i also am not very lyrically driven in my musical taste . however if there were any one specific band and genre that i find lyrically amusing and interesting i would have to go with nearly any song ... same here , being with an intj allows me to have to do little to no work when it comes to emotions . we both always seem to be on the same page on absolutely everything . no emotional drama , no ... i enjoy subtle things from my s . o . such as her head on my shoulder , her holding my arm , or something of the like . as blue ocean said , i like the idea that someone feels safe and comfortable with me ... only recently have i made my girlfriend of 4 years take the jung typology test . i was only half shocked to find out she too was an intj . the shocking part of it was just that there are so few of us ... i also recently was just thinking about this . i'm into jazz , symphonic / power / fantasy metal , punk ( late 70s early 80s ) , and classical . i'm very specific in my tastes and i don't really like too much ... ... or do we ? i was and still am a fan of math and history . they came so easily for me and they continued to pique my interest every year . i run numbers in my head in various ways fairly consistently . i see patterns in dates , phone numbers , and addresses . i do a lot of math in my head , even when the problem doesn't pertain to me or ... i'm an intj and i too believe in the god of the bible . i had a lot i wanted to say , but rather than have any illogical or uncaring people read and pick apart my comments , i'm going to keep it ... i'd love to if there was a local conference / gathering / etc . i could not stop laughing at that video ^ ^ ^ hahaha yeah maybe , i'll have to float around a few sites and see . haha indeed . you said it oh so well . 1 was 100 % and 9 was 30 % maybe it was a bad site ? i suppose you're right . i often have the outcomes you describe but i do fortunately have a couple people that i can have a real discussion with from time to time . no my 1 was top and 9 was 3rd from the bottom . it said i was a 1 with a wing 9 . it makes no sense . this ! ^ ^ ^ hahahaa you missed one little thing there . intjs aren't fond of hugging because they have a reputation to uphold . its just simply uncomfortable and seemingly pointless . that is unless its from very close ... wait wait wait , people , you all forget , we're intjs . if a light bulb went out , all we'd have to do is have a quick scientific breakthrough / epiphany ( as they come rather natural for us ) and a newly ... i'm a 1w9 . apparently i don't have a wing so my 1 balanced out with 9 . still don't quite understand how that works . afghanistan - send more troops military spending - give them more money so we can finish these pesky disturbances already the un - needs an overhaul foreign aid - definitely needs to be ... how about these : why are you always right ? ! ( said by those who repeatedly debate a topic with me and fail ) where did you get that statistic from , your asshole ? ( said by one friend in ... gees , thanks for taking all of them . can't dance , could learn easily , but won't because there is no practical use for dancing other than to entertain others , in my opinion . i too felt normal seemingly for the first time . also upon reading the results , i couldn't help but feel like i just had the biggest ego stroking of all time . any other intjs feel that way or just me ? i would have to go with flying simply because of the extra amount of money you'd be saving on fuel . also as a few of you pointed out , the lucrative opportunities are just as endless in my opinion as ... i quietly laughed . i can't even begin to count the number of times i've used this same argument with many of my friends ( mostly female ) and through it all , as obstinate as can be , they refuse every ... well i'd say i got really lucky with my girlfriend . it only took about 2 weeks to transcend the friendship barrier simply because she was intelligent and low-maintenance which allowed me to do things ... i've had similar experiences . i'll debate with friends who have polar opposite views on the subject matter and they get so irritated when i make a point they can't refuse . in the words of one of my ... '