' omg . it's so weird reading this because it's literally the story of my life . i'm constantly being told that i'm detached , people don't normally realize it until something happens like a friend moving ... i've given a lot of thought to this and i firmly believe he is an isfp . there's no question that he is an introvert . he's made it clear that he doesn't quite enjoy human interaction , calls himself ... i realized that i never know how to respond whenever someone asks me what my favorite movies are . i was curious to see if any other isfps can come up with some of their favorite movies , so i could ... - people who think they can tell me what to do / how to live my life - cockiness - attention seekers - judgmental / close-minded people - people who claim to be know-it-alls when they're ... 93741 93742 93743 93744 i completely agree . it's nice to see that someone understands . having a specific personality type doesn't deem you as being stupid . some people are better at things than myself ( organization , ... i completely understand this . i'm not saying that having a bad memory makes her any type . i was just answering a question . no , i'm not . uglierbetty asked me if my sister was able to recall word for word what happened in the past . i simply responded that she does not have a good memory and is not able to do that . i'm not ... my opinion would be isfj . your deep concern for what others think and the fact that you take their opinions into account illustrate extroverted feeling . the fact that you tend to be a perfectionist , ... no . she has a terrible memory , in my opinion . i am always able to recall situations verbatim and she seems to never remember anything lol i will even describe what room we were in , where we were ... i find it funny that us isfps aren't really able to help much because we simply have trouble identifying why we do it . i've never really thought about why i need to be alone . i think it just helps ... exactly . thank you for taking the time to help ! judging by what you said , she definitely seems like an infj . she can never recognize any song until it gets to the chorus lol i'm always the one who recognizes ... yeah she's been saying that she's an isfj ( it's the one she tests into more often ) but i know she may not seem like one . it's nearly impossible to type her . she likes to say she's untypable . thanks for your input ! and btw she really did sit down and try to answer these questions as detailed as possible to help people to type her . she's generally just hard to understand . i understand the ... sun - cancer ( caring , motherly , intuitive , sensitive ) ... a lot like a pisces sun moon - leo ( fire-y emotions , dramatic , dignified , stubborn , lazy ) pisces rising ( i'm sure you know the traits lol ) omg so true lol i didn't even realize until recently how much i valued honesty , but it means everything to me . i put it up there with trust . if you aren't honest with me , how do you expect me to trust you ? of ... ... and to answer that last question : i think i , along with many other isfps , are somewhat difficult to get to know . ( due to generally being more private and tendency to open up to a select few ) so , ... i know immediately whether or not i'm physically attracted to the person . it would take me no more than a week of hanging out for me to determine the type of person they are and whether we would be ... personally , i understand the rebellious stereotype . i hate being told what to do , who to be , what to act like , etc . this may have something to do with being enneagram type 4 , though . ( the ... i don't know if i would refer to myself as aggressive , however if someone wants to start an argument , i'll finish it . i don't get physically aggressive but i will yell if i get really irritated by ... 2 and 4 are prob infp lol yeah i used to think that i was an infp , even though i tested into isfp repeatedly because i remember reading something about isfps not being very academically smart . ( i immediately figured that ... i am a cancer . i love astrology , but there's a lot more to it than just your sun sign ( yours being aries ) . if you look up your birth chart , it will help explain your personality so much better than ... isfps love to cuddle and be affectionate ... but they need time to be left alone also isfps can be very confusing , especially in the beginning stages of a relationship . i'm happy to hear that everything's fine now . i actually laughed when you said he popped up at your door and you ... lol you don't sound like an asshole at all . i had suspected that there would be an obvious issue between sensors and intuitives . we are vastly different . sometimes it's not that we aren't ... - i love ( this is going to sound weird ) my strength . i am able to overcome anything pretty quickly and bounce back from everything having learned something to make myself a better person . - i love ... i tend to be attracted to either enfps or infps . i find enfps hilarious and infps are easy for me to understand . infps and i have very similar interests and get along really well . i've heard that vedic birth charts are supposed to be more accurate than western birth charts ... but personally , i like reading my western one . the vedic chart usually just moves each to a sign next ... exactly . i have literally said this exact thing to my sister and friends . i seem to have no interest and i feel like it would just bring unnecessary drama into my life . maybe that is the problem . there's a trend with me dropping friends out of my life ( seemingly randomly ) but now that i think about it , it's not random . i start noticing differences in how we ... omg we have such similar charts ! that's so interesting to me ... plus i also have aquarius ascendant in my vedic ( indian ) birth chart ! what about isfps annoy you guys ? im really curious to hear what you think . you wont hurt my feelings btw . just be honest . what about isfps annoy you ? i really want to know what other types think of us . don't worry ... you won't hurt my feelings . just be honest . emeli sande - read all about it <3 great ! i will be making one too as soon as i get my hands on a camera . i thought i was an infp for a little while and i just discovered i was an isfp about a week ago . i'm still trying to study the ... some things have been weighing on me heavily for the past couple of months that i just want to get off my chest . why am i incapable of maintaining any type of relationship for more than a couple ... i'll start it off by just posting some pics of myself ... 92888 92889 92890 92891 you got : corgi ! quite simply , youx 92re a darling ! people are mesmerized by your charismatic nature but you never get too caught up in all that praise . you know how to just be you at all times and ... why are there so little videos of isfps on youtube ? i already saw this question posted by an estp ( i think ) somewhere else , but why ? i get that it would be uncomfortable for some people or you feel ... hey guys ! i had my sister answer some questions to see if anyone could help clarify whether she's an isfj or an infj . her tests results are typically all over the place , but she seems to get these ... actually , that's true . i would guess that she is either an isfj or an infj , but i'm leaning towards isfj because she comes across very warm and expressive . also , i find that sensors , in general , ... esfj ... she's def an extrovert i really want to make one , but i am a little shy about knowing that people will watch and analyze my every move . i would do it , but i don't have a camera . i have been really curious as to what other isfp's zodiac signs are . i don't know how many of you are familiar with birth / natal charts , but it's something that i am extremely interested in . if you ... what does the stereotypical isfp face look like ? i've heard before that we typically have an awkward smile or some sort of unconventional facial expression , but idk if this is true . if any of you ... i wanted to start a thread to see if anyone had any funny gifs or pictures that represent an isfp . if you're not an isfp , feel free to join in ! i would love to see them all ! thanks for your thoughts ! i kept trying to tell her that she seemed like a thinker because of how objective and logical she is . she's definitely an introvert and i am pretty sure she's a sensor too ... '