' somewhere during the 70s in sweden ... 287466 if that is the case with entps then we would be a good match ( actually one of my best friend is an entp ) . but perhaps the organize and putting in boxes is a less important issue as long as you ... i got intj . interesting ... i always thought entp / enfp was the ideal match , since that has often been the recommendations on other sites ... but i actually now think either intj or infj is the best ... first of all there are many forms of intelligences , and different types of geniuses , that an iq-test can't tell ... but i think in general that those mbti types who would score highest on iq-tests ... i think it is nice that your friend lets you know about her views , but i also think she should respect your views , and don't force her own on you . i mean if someone can not prove that their views ... my apartment is a structured chaos . it looks messy , but i know mostly where my stuff is . roman polanski is most likely an infj . i'm okay at math ( depends on who i compare myself to though ) and i have taken several math courses just because it was included in my computer education . but i haven't put my soul into it ( just ... filthy little brat ! from the tenant by roman polanski i don't really know what purpose this scene has for the movie , more then showing that the ... i'm just thinking ( since these functions are often mentioned in videos ) that if you score borderline ( 49/51 ) on every letter , you do get an mbti type sure , but are the functions then any accurate ? ... i wonder ... how does this work : what if you get 49 % p and 51 % j on tests . how valid then are the functions really ? i mean it is only 1 % difference , does that not mean you are a bit of both p and ... well , i don't really feel like this now , but i wish i was : happy : martha marcy may marlene ( 2011 ) - imdb i really liked this movie . great acting and characters , and an exciting but disturbing story . recommended if you like psychological drama thrillers that ... i would say i have about 7 close friends , whom i can share most of my thoughts with and whom i feel i really enjoy being around . that sounds so annoying ... i have not experienced that my friends try to match make with someone , but i feel i have experienced similar kind of behaviour . like when someone thinks he / she knows what i ... 75847 a kind of futuristic drawing i drew of a friend of mine , trying to combine her face and her personality in one artwork . i think she is enxp . 75810 a kind of futuristic drawing i drew of a friend of mine , trying to combine her face and her personality in one artwork . i think she is enxp . 75672 this is a sketch i made the other day , inspired from an action 2d game i programmed a year ago in java - cyber amazon ( see below ) . i have intentionally made the graphics in the game look ... yeah lost in translation is really good ! one of my favs too . it has such great atmosphere together with the beautiful music . 75284 this is a sketch i made the other day , inspired from an action 2d game i programmed a year ago in java - cyber amazon ( see below ) . i have intentionally made the graphics in the game look ... not an anime fan , but this one i really loved and feels like infj : spirited away ( 2001 ) - imdb nostalgia is often described as something like longing for times or situations of the past . but i don't know if what i experience is nostalgia or a variant of it ? i can for sure become ... 1 ) comedy ( dark humour , there are not many though ... ) 2 ) thriller ( both psycological and mainstream types , i enjoy when you have to figured out who is the criminal ) 3 ) sci-fi ( movies like alien , ... that sounds really similar to myself ! :p roud : and i also find it interesting that it seems like ni developed first for me . i can come to think of some things that might have developed it for me . i ... i'm more like i freeze up before i even start working and planning on something because i might not feel it is something i really want to do or the idea is good but it is not something that i think i ... can you explain that more ? for example why do another type not have ni as the first function ? is it because they don't think ni is fun to use ? to my understanding we have a much more developed ni ... how and why have you ( as an infj ) developed ni as your dominant function ? what factors have contributed to it do you think ? maybe there are events during life that naturally develops the ... i relate to you a lot there . i rarely tell people if i'm feeling bad or sad . maybe it is because our empathy + ni makes us easily understand how people might feel when we tell them our problems . like ... i have not dealt with the exact same situation as you , but i'm also looking for a new it job . and after working for 5 years with programming on both client and server side , i got a much better sense ... yes truth exists . like zech said , the statement 2 + 2 = 4 is a truth . at least it has not been proven false yet :) but i think when we are talking about truth we are in most cases actually talking ... when you are having anxiety or feeling very stressed , what kind of activities have you found to be useful in order to reduce your anxiety or stress ( for the moment ) ? two activies i think have been ... i'm not on skype that often but if i am i can chat . my username is jalexus 81 . i don't like sarcasm . it can even seem quite mean to a person and sometimes misunderstood . i would say my humor is witty . i rarely plan on saying something funny for the sake of being funny , but it ... not sure what you mean . you don't have to express yourself in order to create art . if you think what you have created is art , then i believe you by definition can call yourself an artist . but as a viewer of an artwork you can not always know how it was created . what if an artist has a canvas , beside his canvas he is working on , where he with no thought , emotion or inspiration mix his ... i agree that it is one component that certainly will help to create a good artwork . but i think it is not a mandatory thing . making artwork that affects people can be created in many ways . for ... it seems like today nearly anything , depending on how you describe it , can be considered art to at least someone . so therefore i think the term art is in a way useless , since it can be applied to ... i agree with that , but as a celibate , do you avoid masturbation as well ? unless there are religious reasons , i don't see what the benefits of avoiding masturbation would be . but i'm interested to ... i'm not a celibate , but i don't find anything weird about it . if you feel you don't want to be in a relationship and don't want to have sex with other people , then don't do it , nothing says that you ... i'm a software engineer . to say what i really think more often . this has happen to me many times : someone says or does something to me that makes me feel hurt . instead of confronting that person about what he / she said or ... nirvana - the man who sold the world i have a good bond with my closest friends and we get along well . so i think i'm a good friend for my friends . though i'm not sure what the purpose of the question is really ? to think about if ... thanks for all the replies so far ! interesting and valuable to read . very appreciated ! :p roud : interesting way i must say ! and that way of coping with toxic energy and stress sounds good . i got that problem myself ... looking forward to see your artwork ! :) oh i had hoped an artist like you would have replied : happy : when i'm in areas where i can't get out easily ( like a cinema or airplane ) i can get anxious and i might trigger panic attacks ( the fear of getting panic attacks triggers in the end the panic ... i'm really curious ... 1 ) when you think about it , the last time you felt a strong attraction to a guy , what things was it that really triggered that attraction ? 2 ) and what are the most common ... well my problem when it comes to painting is that i tend to change art style - painting technic , genre , motive etc - from time to time . i seldom keep a consistent style . i don't know why that is . i ... is it that when we feel depressed or angry fi starts to work more ? and when using fi in the artwork creation is using genuine feelings from within ourselves as inspiration , while fe uses feelings ... '