' i think it would be cool to be estp . i wouldn't mind being entj either . favorite intuitive type : enfj least favorite sensing type : isfp hmm , you all present very interesting and valid responses . it may be true that thinkers cannot feel happiness for a long time , but feelers also feel sadness and other negative emotions as much as ... it hurts to even think about this question . if i want to be my friend , i feel self-conscious . otherwise , would i be rejecting myself ? do you think that ts and fs experience happiness differently ? is one more likely to be happier than the other ? this is an interesting topic that i suddenly thought of . the more you read and learn about mbti theory , the easier it is to just know that a person is xxx or he or she fits a certain description . anyone care to explain emotionally vulnerable ? does this mean crying or something of that nature ? i thought that istjs are generally not too emotional people . esfp ( mom ) + intj ( dad ) = istj ( me ) i would definitely say an f would struggle with this type of thing . their words do not do their emotions justice . whereas a t , on the other hand , say what they mean and mean what they say . when everyone else is crying and you don't know why . a good enfj friend has brought me out of many troubles and always knows the right thing to say . i drink milk for the protein . easy way to get your protein in the morning . now that i think about it , this does happen to me . and it is the exact opposite of what i want to happen , for nobody to listen in . i guess this just means that i need to try to talk more . bleh i don't get why you intjs are all haters . personally , i'd love to go to disneyland . how can you not have fun ? yes , i did not see it as hardcore abuse , no . i just don't see the point of joking around or teasing anyone . haha , i'd rather be around a pmsing t woman than f anyday . i really feel like f women get really worked up and find drama in every little thing . i would place most esfjs in hufflepuff or even ravenclaw . i think enfj would be more gryffindor . i will be graduating high school ( finally ) at the top of my class . looking back and seeing now , all that pain , well , it was worth it . messing around with people is not exactly my idea of fun or funny . although i do take a lot of it . when i was younger i really liked younger boys . now i am older and more mature , younger guys seem rather immature . i'd rather be with someone my age or older . i don't have anyone whom i can completely confide in . however , it is nice talking to my mom because she is a sensor and she always tells me the right thing to do . it'd be cool to be an n and be all smart and analyze everything . but i guess i'm happy with who i am . nice job zster , i applaud you for remaining true to yourself ! i see you have great passion for your work . i always enjoy a good deep , intuitive movie just for the sake of depth . it's a nice change of mind and quite interesting at times . i think anyone who has a normal career in this day and age needs to be at least somewhat of a j to meet the needs and fulfill the duties of the job . i guess it's the same with people hating stereotypes . when you generalize , you stereotype . haha , you estps crack me up . now lemme get back to my studying . to forgive another is to do oneself a favor . i guess this has happened to me . keep in mind that people always welcome a new friend and sometimes a change can be fun and interesting . istjs are extremely loyal friends and they will remain with ... pretty much ignorant people who are not accepting and people who always want to hate . and the government . hmm , seeing istj represented by older ages , do you think that istj might be a type that results from maturity and age ? distant past . i long for how things used to be . and the future is too unpredictable . tv or computer ? most likely to succeed : esfj most likely to become rich : entj most likely to cry for no reason : infp most likely to say i told you so ! : esfj most likely to adopt a stray animal : infp most ... i have at times felt guilty for not acting appropriately during emotional situations . at the same time , t women can stay calm and think during these situations . this is all so fascinating ! i'd like to get an understanding , even the slightest insight , on how you guys can do this ? i feel that i would enjoy being in a relationship with an esfj . i've actually used mbti to transform into a type that i'd like to be by adhering to the characteristics of that type . i know of estps who are hardcore competitive . they're quick and observant . generally if they are smiling genuinely , it's nice and i would appreciate it . i knew of an isfj that was basically taken advantage of by a few of her peers . it is the need to belong and the fe that is their weakness . i took the test and got the result . later as i learned more about my type i realized that it fit me . being an istj , i think that it would be pretty hard for us to come up with threads we wouldn't make . marijuana is legal in europe , where the drug abuse rate is must lower than here in the states . if it is legal people will be satisfied with just using marijuana . but since it's not legal , once hooked ... i'd say i'm more realist . it's hard to be optimistic when you are focused on getting the job done and doing it well . i've currently been in a rough relationship with an enfp friend . forgiveness and understanding can change everything . currently i'm hanging out with some girls because i have never approached or been approached by any guys . i think having guys as friends is great because they don't have so much drama . for me , the thing about having a roommate that bothers me is always feeling like i should talk to them or say something . istps don't freak out , even when things go wrong . haha i sit with my legs crossed this way too . it is rather masculine . also , i'm seeing a lot of people on here with bad habit of procrastination . that seems not very typical of istjs . for me i crack my knuckles a lot , especially when i get nervous . it's really bad when i'm taking a test because i get these sudden urges to crack them but i try to make myself not because it's really ... '