' not really . though i do think for infp's it makes sense . i can definitely experience attraction to someone before i become close with them , but it's merely physical and i'd rarely act on it . i would ... i'm a people pleaser for sure , though it's not always in a healthy way . i'd like to think that my desire to help others stems from a genuine empathy for mankind , and usually it really is . i've ... it's a start . your poetry is very young to me . and by that i don't mean you sound immature . i just mean that i'd guess you haven't had much experience with learning the technical side of ... ugh , this . a lot . i think it's just one of the downsides of being an infp that clear expression of our ideas ( at least in a concise , rational way ) is not our strong suit . my guess is that it's ... you say you have some experience with dance , have you ever tried contact improv ? it's a great way to get moving and explore your physical limits without being strictly controlled by choreography . i ... yes . it doesn't happen that often , i'm more likely to get bored / distracted and leave a book half-finished . but if i am especially enraptured by a piece of writing i'll skip sleep and meals to keep ... z0mg this . this is exactly why my username is my username ! ! ! i feel you 100 % ! ! ! ahem . i've always thought the reason i have this experience is because my conflict-avoiding type nine nature ... ugh , they're not my favorite , but i can survive one every now and then . my ex-boyfriend loved them ( intj's ... ) most of them were fine to get through but some were just too much . and it probably ... hmmm , i always think of enfp's when i hear this song . : happy : i know she's really poppy ( maybe not everyone's cup of tea ) , but this song ... i agree with the previous posts , it depends a lot on the emotion and the situation . in general , i'd guess most of us ( and correct me if i'm wrong , fellow infp's ) have a harder time fully expressing ... hmm . i'm not sure about how actors are paid in the uk , but it's really tough to squeak out a living in the us . at least it was for me when i did it . your idea of acting as a side job is actually a ... i keep listening to these two back and forth . i can't explain it either ...  you bring up a really important point here , one that maybe makes infp idealizations a little different from other types . i will be the first to admit to putting my romantic interests up on a ... i will do one of two things . if it's a matter of interpersonal stress ( like conflict in the workplace or an argument with someone ) , my mo is to turn into a doormat . i just bend right on over and ... oh what the heck , i'm in too ! this might be the kick start i need to start writing more often again ... pm sent . man , i can't wait for her new album . one more month ... * drool * hmmm ... as a child : calvin from calvin and hobbes , anne of green gables , alice in wonderland , all those dreamy kids who live in a fantasy world . i acted and looked a lot like markl from ... i have an awful habit of falling head over heels for people who are unavailable or uninterested . lots of guys who are taken , straight , out of my league , the list goes on and on . couple that with my ... no worries , maybe i was jumping to conclusions . and you certainly do have a point about the whole stereotype regarding j's and p's . i hate when people make that assumption about us too ! i guess i ... you bring up some good points , but i'd argue that the average spaniard is esfp , not esfj . the extraverted sensing is evident in their attention to aesthetics : first impressions and dressing well ... even if you be otherwise perfect , you fail without humility . - - the talmud i love this thread . i was just thinking about this earlier because i tend to have the same doubts / insecurities about ... i have an unhealthy obsession with intj's . i inexplicably drool over their stoic nerdiness . we usually get along really well . they chuckle at my idealism and so-called feelings . i respond to their ...  i'd say it's affected my siblings and me to a certain extent . here's what my family tree looks like through the mbti lens : intp ( father ) + enfj ( mother ) istj ( daughter ) enfp ... well , at least from an infp perspective i can tell you that at first i'm a little frightened by all that exhuberance and confidence , but eventually i warm up to it . i think most introverts enjoy the ... i used chameleon because i find that socially i can be a bit of a chameleon . i don't necessarily change my personality , per se , but i can adapt my behavior to those i'm with to make everyone the ... so complicated . but in general i love intjs . i find that intj's and i tend to get along very well . our ne makes it very easy to understand each other , sometimes without even speaking . one of my ... probably just means they're infp . i get really awkward around ( insert name of person here ) i'd say infp's generally have their guard up except around close friends / family . it is true that i get ... 1 . internet ! forever ... 2 . music 3 . books . 4 . talking with other ne users . doesn't even have to be in person , perc has been working well for me so far . if left to my own deices i will go ... err ... not to brag , but i've held a few leadership positions and i've always thought i did an ok job of them . i think i have the skills , but i don't usually use them--at least not to the full extent ... wow , that article really nailed it ! thanks , adriana , that was a wonderful and enlightening read :) i've been wondering about that for such a long time , it was nice to finally find some answers ! ... so i've been watching this mini-series on my computer and i just watched the last episode . as expected , good prevailed over evil and the two lovers were united at last . bad guys were punished , plot ... hey , don't give up on enfp's either ! i guarantee you didn't come off as awkward to her as you think you did . plus i find that whenever i'm with enfp's and i'm thinking oh gosh i could not possibly ... so i just took the site's cognitive functions test for the first time . i was actually curious because although i identify more with ( and consistently test as ) infp my introversion is pretty weak and ... haha , thanks friends ! i'm glad something good came of my adventures in being heinously awkward , even if it was just a few chuckles . : laughing : but it is true that we infp's can actually be a ... i'd say spain and italy are enfp . they're very extroverted , but overall not bad places to live as an infp .  ... unless of course you want something done quickly and efficiently : wink : to me the ... woohoo ! ! ! cheers : laughing : you took the words right out of my mouth ! seriously , whenever i'm on a caffeine high i inevitably end up in the enfp forum ... i think infp's tend to have a genuine empathy for others and feel a connection with them in their suffering . on top of that , our interest in understanding ourselves and others gives us special ... ... you sure he's infp ? o . o haha , but seriously there's lots of potential possibilities . i tend to do the on and off thing when : 1 . i'm in super recharge mode . if i'm in a particularly ... kindle , nook , cybook , and all the other portable devices for reading digital books . i'm curious as to everyone's thoughts about them . on the one hand i love the idea of being able to access any ... there does seem to be this weird energy between the two types . i know i love the way enfp's bring out the best in me . they have a way of making me feel like i can do anything . i've written about ... well , you couldn't really call it a relationship , but i was involved with an intj for a while . to be honest i'm still not really sure where he stands with me , but that's my own fault for not being ... jobs , so annoying but so necessary : rolleyes : 1 . right now i work as a teacher at a bilingual ( spanish / english ) elementary school . our school has a special program for mentally and physically ... i can relate to that . there have been lots of times when i heard a song and didn't give it much of a second thought , but i hear it again later and i'm like whoa this is awesome ! because i actually ... ideally , i like to travel with someone who lives or lived there as my guide . not a paid group tour with a local who works for a tour company , just a casual day / night out with someone who's spent a ... because they squirm so much when you hug ' em ! ! ! me : : laughing : nt : : shocked : ... and because the day they finally let you hug them is the best . day . ever . i'd usually rather work on my own , especially because i'm such a perfectionist that i always end up doing more work than my partners . but i also think group projects are really important for people ... '