' no . i don't claim to know with absolute certainty that what spencer means by peaceful ethnic cleansing is a euphemism for genocide , i'm just going to make the assumption that it is . whether you ... yes , by worse i do mean in a moral sense . if your morals tend towards immediate physical harm to a single person being worse than advocating harm of a group of people , then it is understandable if ... you seemed to miss that i said deliberate . does someone who advocates genocide not deliberate initiating genocide ? despite me being in favour of punching , i do believe that it is still wrong too do so . if the question was is it wrong to punch someone who advocates genocide ? , my answer would be yes , but i ... well , most arguments , i hope , don't involve the concept of killing a lot of people . do you believe that initiating genocide is something that ought to be deliberated on ? good luck on finding details of spencer's idea of peaceful ethnic cleansing . the nazis also claimed to have a peaceful ethnic cleansing plan in mind . i wouldn't say that the possibility of genocide is unlikely , human history is filled with genocides . also , this thread is not concerning trump , or spencer , or an specific person in particular . that's quite reasonable . i don't know whether he in particular has advocated genocide . i do know that he is a proponent of peaceful ethnic cleansing , and that he is a nazi ( he seems to ... they have the freedom to say whatever they want , they also have the freedom to experience the consequences . would either of those questions matter to you if you were to be considered a target ... simple question . apparently this is the thing we do now . so hey . do you love queues ? 621722 as far as i know north korea also calls themselves a democratic republic . i think we should be particular . this is a discussion , i should hope we're trying to convince each other / convey understanding . unless , that is , self-affirmation is your purpose in posting , and ... it seems we have a case of shifting goalposts . governance is inevitable in a sense . the government is not inevitable . darkbarlow and i was discussing the government ( see darkbarlows initial comments ... platitude , buzzwords , half-hearted consolation . changing the topic . i can also be vague and pretentious . you want government , you get taxed . you say so , yet you tolerate and even perpetuate their existence . marry them ? you're little more than chattel to them . and yet you still let them use you as their fallback . maybe you should kick them out , instead of believing they've changed when they say we can make this relationship great again or i'm with you . as individuals i have no exclusive problems with them , they do mostly as anyone else would in their position . it's as a class of people , who have far too much power over others , that i have a problem ... hey , don't come in here about sincere discussion and shit . people are trying to argue here . we all know that [ tomi lahren / trevor noah ] destroyed [ trevor noah / tomi lahren ] . if you disagree , then ... those aren't particularly socialist opinions . i'm an anarcho-communist , so i do disagree . i don't think that effective wealth redistribution by the way of government is feasible / possible ... what i want to know is why native american heritage day was put on the same day as black friday . doesn't having it be after thanksgiving and during black friday deprecate it ? that shit's not going to work on me . i'm a child of the 90s ! need something more edgy , like ...  my fridge - - no , wait , i mean the stuff in my fridge . it's been in there so long i imagine it's evolved sapient life by now . - and my axe ! i miss the old darkbarlow . you know , the one with the cyborg avatar . the one who didn't pander to the in-group . well ... that's a slightly more agreeable metaphor . :d ry : ... : laughing : yeah , marxism is for the abolition of rights of private property inheritance , not personal property inheritance . that ... i'm not sure that even that metaphor is applicable . marxism calls for the eventual dissolution of government . yet your points of ' federal government taking over student loan industry ' and obamacare ... as far as i know bernie doesn't advocate workplace democracy or common ownership ( which is what this noodle guy was talking about ) . nor does any candidate or party in your elections advocate that . ... i don't know ? did he say who he voted for ? was there a candidate that espoused his viewpoints in your election ? who is this ' they ' , and what does that have to do with marxism ? i don't understand . what has that got to do with the democrats ? i was with you up until that last part . marxists ? i don't really keep up with american politics ; but when did that happen ? the democrats are marxist now ? it's 7 ° c right now , which is as cold as it gets around here , and my nose feels like it's frozen . so i could do with some of its gross incandescence right now . other than that , i do try to maintain ... oh hey , i love code geass . : kitteh : look at this thread : intp forum - the thinkers - code geass thread tau , for the greater good . the dunning-kruger effect . yes , well ... i think it's about time i told people the truth . this poll was supposed to be satirical . ps : the intp is a lie well , considering she's an intp , either she has yet to contact him or he's already chained up in her basement . so , i installed this stayfocusd extention to , you know , stop me from browsing excessively . first thing needing to be done was to select sites that it would block once i had spent a set time on the ... for the most part , small , focused or well-moderated subreddits . i tend to stay away from the defaults . locational subreddits , in particular are usually quite helpful . some of my favourites being : ... that hurts my feelings . i fit both of those stereotypes ( minus the 4chan part and also the fact that i dislike cats ) . both ! usually by the time i get to the fridge i've already forgotten what it was that i was looking for . unless what i was looking for wasn't in the fridge . in which case i'll open the fridge anyway ... yes , quite . it is comparable to the pain one feels when you are born into this world . and like being born , it too is an experience that indelibly ingrains its essence in a person's very being .  ... i just had the most peculiar experience of yawning and hiccuping at the same time . truly a once in a lifetime event . to anyone who has not been so blessed as to experience something as phenomenal as ... it's all good as long as the medium can make you care about the characters and the circumstances . i . e . building up to them , instead of inserting them as a cheap way to evoke emotion . an icicle , perhaps ? the current forum announcement reminds me of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy . don't panic i find the opposite to be true . if something is good enough then inevitably i'll want to figure out why i enjoy it so much . especially if it's something that i wouldn't have thought that i'd enjoy . ... notice how grandmaster yoda conveniently failed to mention that . i sense he has something to hide . sci-fi : elizabeth moon the vatta war ( 7 book series ) - space opera , spans several solar systems , no aliens l . e . modesitt jr . the parafaith universe ( 2 books ) - space opera , focus on ... '