' hide yo wife , hide yo kids lol no , just kidding . anyways , i have no license . if i ever bother to get one i'll drive a kawasaki ninja 250 everywhere until the canadian winter hits . then i will ... i'm too young for a tattoo . also , if i ever got one my parents would probably amputate whichever limb i thought i could hide it on . though the idea of one is sometimes intriguing the fact of it ... me , all day : 71951 71952 i used to be more inclined to say that i'm a visual thinker , but lately i don't quite believe that's the case . i think verbally and visually simultaneously , and oftentimes it's hard for me to learn ... i like to live life on the wild , unpredictable side . well ... i was going to catch a flight to a third world country tonight and help build schools ... but what the heck . what kind of human would i be if i didn't prioritize ! ? lol , just kidding . ... i don't understand why some people refuse to pick up after their dogs . why people ? why ? i enjoy soccer and volleyball . but i grew up with soccer and have always been good at it so i think my inclination towards it has more to do with the history i have with it . i still love soccer ... in the suburbs near enough to toronto , but closer to the ever lovelier rural communities that taunt me with their endearing little houses surrounded by fields and cows . pro : i have a house . ... i think everyone is being selfish . there is one holy ideal that will benefit the lot of us : unicorns . yes . perhaps you are a long lost sister ... :') yes , i agree . some days it is like my mission to break away from my rooted path of thinking and views implanted into me by nature's factors ( parents , environment , culture ) i like to think i'm being ... i think he just needs a hug . canada will gladly hug him . but if that fails and any of your nuclear cooties touch me i will be forced to break out my emergency supply of the circle-circle-dot-dot ... crazy : i don't quite mind being called crazy . people have told me that my way of thinking is cracked or backwards and i've gotten tired of trying to explain myself . i've been pinned to words like ... yes , this is problem for me on a daily basis . i have a very good friend who i argue with at least four or five times a day . i think she maybe is an isxj and we argue about everything . even when i ... - air gear . ( i found it super interesting and funny . it's one of the few that make me rave about it . the concept and storyline really made you believe is could be done sometimes . lots of action ... oo yeahh , high five bro ! i've finally found my brothers from other mothers : laughing : ^ ^ this , this is me basically 24/7 . the people around me don't even question it when a random accent pops out of my mouth anymore . sometimes i'll spit out a new one and the only comment i'll get ... yeah , i'm all in for genetic modification ! i've been reading those maximum ride books by james patterson . since then all i do is babble at my parents wondering why they didn't offer me up to some ... okay , not trying to take part in any war here . i just thought i could share my knowledge . so , i'm pretty sure the date for the zodiac symbols are not concrete . i've heard different dates from ... exactly this . except i don't get too wrapped up with real people most times . when it does happen it usually lasts a mere week if not a few days so i don't have to worry about actively stopping ... i have an amazingly mind-blowing skill for doing nothing . working on getting it into the olympic games . - bionix on ytv with all the anime shows that came on saturday evenings . - tamagotchi ! ! ! those things were the pinnacle of my childhood . - eating sugar cubes when people used to say awww , she's ... oh ... i guess . i just figured that if they are introverted and they aren't my friend then it wouldn't make much sense to confide in me . but i suppose if one ever did i would be at a loss for ... it depends on who i'm talking to . sometimes , there are random people who are strangely extroverted that start blabbing about serious life problems to me like it's not a big deal . i just nod and ... i was listening to a tool song . forty-six & two in fact . it hand something to do with carl jung and some outdated theory about chromosomes . chromosome theory had something to do with levels of ... when i'm really out of it , i don't even register the hugging and head-patting , or even the words coming out of the other person's mouth . if it's not something helpful or something i don't already ... i usually don't remember my dreams , but there was one from a couple years back that i still remember now for some reason in the dream my sister and i were in the house , and suddenly a realization ... the happiest place for an intp ? well , it's on the mothership as we embark on a journey past the stars , finally on our way home . pshh , obviously ... lol ! so you want a divorce first ? in the past year this is the only thing i've actually accomplished . any other changes are a result of my increasing insanity ... it gets worse every year :P i'm a pretty lazy person and most of the time the only thing i want to do is sit at home and read . but i also harbor some pretty outlandish desires i want to fulfill before i bite the dust . or at ... i absolutely adore quiet night walks , especially in bad weather . i feel very refreshed when getting soaked in the pelting rain . it's also kind of fun to fight the wind in storm weather . makes me feel ... a cat followed me home once . and then it followed me home the next day so we finally took it to the humane society . ( my home is already dog dominated so we weren't keen on keeping him ... poor guy ... story of my life . except if i ever do become wealthy i think i'll feel even worse for possessing a bunch of pointless things and i'll end up donating it to charity little my little until i'm poor ... dogs , yay ! i love animals ! they are much better then people :P i have a big , five year old f1 labradoodle ( lab + poodle ) . those are some super smart dogs . he was the first family dog and we ... 0_0 * hides under the blanket and waits for a priest to arrive * what is this outside my room you speak of ? there is no outside . air gear ! it's awesome . 0_0 whoa ! hypnosis ? that's awesome . i never even thought of that , thanks ! :D a psychiatrist is the one that prescribed the melatonin supplement to me . but i guess you're right . it can't hurt to double check :P i don't get drugs . i don't care if marijuana kills brain cells or not . a period of extreme impairment is not something i'd like to experience . i like my mind just the way it is . just because some ... yeah , my parents keep telling me the same thing :P but i've been one to go to sleep very , very late ever since i was a child . my parents always remark on how i never went to sleep at a proper time as ... insomnia . i was just wondering if it's a little bit of an intp thing . generally , i can stagger around with almost zero sleep for days on end . then i go on a sleeping binge when i'm finally too ... other person : i think i want to marry you . me : shhh , it's okay , you're just delusional . run . just run while you can . when on the road ( not driving ) , i like to occupy myself with incredibly pointless tasks like blinking at every light post we pass on the highway , or tapping my foot when i am precisely in line with ... darn , left the house with ma ol ' jammies on . guess ya better take me in sheriff . what's the penalty for a little sloth ? a classic hangin ' or are y'all gonna stone me to death in the town square ? i listen to what interests me . lately i've been all over the place , mixing in soft / alternative rock , random classical , lots of indie , a little pop , the rock side of koren / japanese music , and some ... ugh , those words . they make me shiver . things like i love you and such always seemed like very bold things to say . i never got why people felt the need to throw them into lighthearted ... i'd like to know what is real and true . for all i know , i actually know nothing - - in fact , no one knows anything , i guess . example : someone told me red will be called red . now i call it red . but ... '