' why do you think she's upset with you ? one time i was having dinner with an intj , apparently the waiter forgot our order , so i said i would remind them about that . intj said he didn't dare do that ' cause he's worried people would spit ... most of what you said resonated with my situation . i would like to challenge you a little though : how do you know the girls who work themselves on you don't / won't want you to love them ? ( i have ... ( i change my mind , don't wanna be a stalker . administrator , kindly remove this thread if necessary . thank you ! for those who are interested to help , you may pm me . ) infjs feel like they can teach every type to love again ... thank you , i also imagined that he probably was in a bad mood as well . he just told me he had been going through rough times lately . i never expected him to be so rude in the first place though , ... there is a male friend and i believe he knows i'm interested in him . i asked him to do an mbti test online ( with 66 questions ) and was tested as enfp . i have got e and p from him too but am never ... i am disappointed . <-- it's a bad feeling i regret for ( having done something ) ... <-- i seldom regret i have met a guy recently and he is obviously e and p . my guess is that he is an entp . in an occasion ( for a period of a few days ) , he was touchy to a lot of girls and especially me , such as wiping ... thank you for your advice . i've never expected getting real help about this from a male either : tongue : in fact , i tried to get help from a new male friend ( when i felt really depressed last year ) , ... that's how i feel now - i've talked to many people around me but i think they are / will get fed up at some point . i don't feel like talking to my family as well . but the issue i have is not a really ... the question in my mind is stated in the title . thank you for your answers . of course , of course , of course i understand we have our little differences . not all infps like infjs . but i admit i'm very into him . and between the choices of him being a perfect asshole and ... why do i feel so lonely ? ? ? i cant talk to just anyone i see online , just to get a response it will make me crave for more , and hence feel even lonelier the boy i love doesnt love me ... i'm now at uni , usually i eat alone unless i bump into people . it's just an hour , i see people at class again so it's fine . yes ! i like closure too . it's easier for me to recover quickly . and i feel respected too . a little update . as he didn't specify exactly why he asked me not to depend on him , i made him give me an answer around 1.5 weeks ago . he said there's someone else he liked at the moment . i was ... ( double posted ) i'll tell you how i got over the previous guy . i obsessed over him until one night someone else's profile picture on the online list caught my eye , and so i poured out to this new guy how unhappy ... i hate this feeling ! i don't know if it's just me romanticising , but when my best friend and sister tell me he's just not that into you / he doesn't like you , i can't ... agree ... wholeheartedly ... i'm depressed i feel like a truck running over me i'm falling my sister is an enfp . we have worked as mcs before but it was terrible . she had some innovative ideas which were not appropriate enough for the occasion , but then we were still in our early teens so ... does any of your stories start with an infj girl was troubled with love , work and church . when she lied on the bed she couldn't help but cry . so she got up to im her best friend but she was away ... ahh i see . haha i'm not so sure about taking up the alpha figure , seems to go wrong every time i take the initiative . ( actually it has never gone right so maybe it's other factors :p ) one ... haha i wish i could , i think i'm not good enough :p i don't know if it's my motherly nature or what , whenever he displays an anxiety about his future ( whether he could be a good performer ) i so want ... here is something about him ( or how he displays himself to be ): - music major - stubborn and even critical when it comes to music tastes - that is not attractive :/ or hmm could be better :/ ... this is sad enough :( now my eye is in my avatar . i've been told by a friend , your eyes make me don't know what to do ! no . never . end of story . nice to hear op's interesting stories though . [ edit ] oh maybe once , but that's because he's weird , and he hits on almost every girl in class . not sure if anyone wants a bit of an update , that comes a bit late . i was triggered by a similar what should i do with this intp thread . anyway , 2 months ago a source told me he's gay . i did not ... sesshomaru_haku , you know what , i feel you . i fell for an intp a couple of months ago . we chatted / texted almost every day and then he became more distant at some point . then a source told me he's ... in class i think infjs are the ones that need long enough time to process information and form a good answer . they may seem aloof at first but can get pretty friendly and warm towards people . i ... fluttershy seems more soft spoken than i really am , and i haven't watched enough to figure out all four preferences ( but introverted and feeling are quite obvious , maybe perceiving too ) but i can ... oh and exactly this :p my nickname at university is spring ( as in season ) but if you ask my mother or some people at church they'd probably say i pull a long face all the time . quite a contrast there . cheese puffs ! chicken wings . ! ! ! i so want to protect them ohmygosh ! ! ! yes my mother tongue is cantonese ( one of the chinese dialects ) you can blame me on that because that is just a translation from what i was told :p this reminds me of an intp who was tutoring a girl . the girl had done some maths correctly and asked the intp , ain't i a good kid ? i know how to do all of it . the intp then was so frustrated ... i didn't even have to post in the nt forums . i started a thread in the relationships forum and found out in fact they came after us ! ! ! flawed logic is probably highly unacceptable to nts , when ... i once posted in the intp forum . yes they are sarcastic and frank , but that's why we are tested different ! :p roud : i could tear up in a church crowd , with my family beside me , feeling lonely ... of course my mind has drifted somewhere else , alone ... definitely yes ! : laughing : if youre a virgin ... have you ever had the opportunity to have sex ? no . never been in a relationship , and no one has ever offered / suggested that we have sex . have you ever said no to sex when you ... i grew up in a bustling city and am still in it so i can't imagine living anywhere else ... it's nice having a vacation in suburban areas with my relatives though . my ideal place would be somewhere ... first of all , you are a loser if you think you are one . to me , a loser is someone who doesn't care . if you have your beliefs and values , i believe you care , and you can't be a loser . as i myself ... i think it's because we don't offend people easily :) i now declare this as one of my favourite quotations :) i am the only being whose doom ... i am the only being whose doom no tongue would ask no eye would mourn i never caused a thought of gloom a smile of joy since i was born in secret pleasure ... '