' don't know what do you want specifcly but i'll go off-topic a little . i'll say that depending on your personal experince is better rather than mbti non-constant bases , actually i see many types of ... how about this mr.dulcinea ? 50 mins but worth watching may fully change your mind about the typology thing , we may not completely agree but i think it's something fresh and interesting to watch ... this may help you & set your mind free of restriction corruption of typology in general - maybe - we may not fully agree but i think it's ... current name sounds like a weeboo and i never excpeted that i'll fell in love with this forum after i signed up only for silly reason , would be gratefull if changed to azk if not avaliable azo ... i feel like that they're an adorable version of us intjs with a different way of thinking and behaivor , different in a way that makes them unique & more flexiable which i like , even the most ... intps are the most adorable as far as i seen . - - - not an intp , i'll say wasting many weeks in a travel to somewhere unique but being controlled by the people i don't like happened twice ... once i saw your flag , i knew your point . it's your privacy after all . i was just trying to test the website but with time i fell in love with it , that's why the current name is so random and i didn't spend 1 min creating it to me and it doesn't represent my way at ... lol , you again and welcome :) i haven't post anything from a long time so after a month or more of absence i post this , and to be honest , no one will benefit me about this issues more than myself ... hi intps and everyone who is interested . got a short story to tell with a related question about a man of the same type as you . first .. it is possible for you guys to leave a great friend you like ... i do nothing : > lol ! actually i didn't want to make a huge list and mention every little detail about my perfect mate or friend , but this is generally the qualities of the person i would like to know , additionally ... okay let me tell you a story , once i hit 18 i started judging my friends to detect who is worthy of friendship or who's not however , there were 13 buddies i - was - considering my friends but after ... i watched around 5 episodes now . i have been always thinking him as an estp or istp , and estj seem legit based on your explaination . actually yesterday i gave the mbti test my istp friend before i know that he is istp knowing that we have a good synergy in many things you mentioned , and i told him about what your personality ... sorry for going off-topic , but could you please tell me from which anime the character in your avatar belongs ? thanks . i see your point , it seems like you are more into quite music , that's applies on me too i like both rock & classical . one if the most symphonies i fell in love with it recently , is beethoven's fifth ... i hear this almost everyday , it charges me with a huge amount of energy ! i would like you guys to give a comment here about this song . for me science is just for additonal cultural knowledge or when necessarliy needed to know about , such physics and chemistry , but i also i enjoy learning & reading about it generally . and yes i'm ... all of that applys to me for each real life & virtual / internet but only on friends , in real life take trips & travels as example , i always the one who manage & plan everything , the one who has the ... i think the motive that made some people tend to think that intjs are sexy is maybe the intj personality itself , intjs may don't have the best appearance but there is many people that attacted to ... yeaah , it seem like intps is a good friend for intjs and reverse , and i also forgot to mention that he left me with no warning , message , call or anything knowing that in most of times we talk with ... supp , how is intjs to you guys ? i had an intp best friend and the only friend which i consider as a brother or even more , we have a strong synergy and admired , impressed by each other so much , we share simillar interests , ... i only did the first row my brain & health are important :) here it is  the first one is amazing . this could help . e tis o'kee to join you griils : > ? ehm . enfj gf and seems .. geeky doesn't she ? if yes , then i envy you c - : life is a game with rules , follow the rules to win whatever the cost was is calm down bro , and take a cup of tea and get ready to answer this question since i have a couple of entp mates and i want to know how to deal with them in certain things . - - - q1 : entps are known ... lol kinda weird huh xp actually i didn't knew in which fourm i was in when i was replaying to the infjshea because i made a thread in infj fourm and then i got a notification from the infjshea ... just came here to say you are amazing guys thanks . ehm .. congratz for reaching 2,000 post :) what a beautiful respone to see after a boring period of bunch of exams ! anyway i liked your respone about my infjs query specially the third one and i hope my infj mates that i don't know about ... pretty cool what a nice words to hear ;) i also got around 2 infj mates and they seem about to turn into true friends we have a really really cool synergy in debate and ideas and interests and ... ehmm .. well , ( this question is directed to all types ) how is your experience with intjs ? is the popular stereotypes ( anyone you know ) apply to them and you feel that they are same or you feel that ... questions to infjs : - do you find it hard to get rid of traditions even if it seemed illogical to you ? do you get frustrated / outraged quickly , highly emotional , sensitive ? do you love to sit around ... comment on intjs . you must have a text phoiba or .. yes i must make my posts easier to read next time : > off-top question : how did you make a gif avatar haha i liked the huffy part and what you said could be true but the intj personality is like a vessel as all personalites ofcourse that can be fed with good knowledge and experince and the result ... i think personal experinces with specific type and few persons you experince with is kinda ruin the image of them , for example i have been for long time talking to 2 infjs in a gaming group and we ... well said . and yes i have a big hope that he will back and from an analytical prespective there is 75 % that he will back , and i know him well specially that he has no reason to leave me like that ... here is a good amount of unregular mecha conceptart , design tumblr ( doesn't own ) lol i laughed about the texting part but i don't think that it is the case , 90 % of our time is in voice or face to face he even dissapeard from reallife , his home is far and i just know the dist ... well said , thanks . i , am arab too , it's fine :D let's get right to the point we are best friends since 4 years like 2 balls in a scrotum we spend a lot of time together after we done our meditation and lonely journies talking & discussing about ... '