' i haven't , but maybe i will . he's still quite young at nine , but he sees me doing mbti / personality quizzes and wants to do them himself . i walk him through them , but a lot of the words are too big ... when i was young , i was called that by adults a lot . i really don't feel like it's true . i think they said this perhaps because i almost always preferred the company of adults ( like my grandparents ' ... if you want to see something very fascinating and theoretical and science-y at the same time , try looking up thunderbolts project on youtube . very fascinating and thought-provoking stuff , and very ... tell me about it . took the 16personalities with my 9 year old son this morning . i helped him with some of the terms that were more difficult . he came out as esfj , and just from looking at the ... my intp and i have been married for three and a half years now , and it's been great . we both have a lot in common , the talk is very stimulating ( and not tedious , dull , and vapid like i've had with so ... ^ i do this exact same thing . i'm not sure it's necessarily a type thing entirely . i feel like it's more a way of relating to and with others . although i would suppose that some types are more ... i always want to build up other people . i often find i go out of my way to ensure that others are doing well , or do my best to help them get better at what they do . sadly , it seems like not everyone ... i was never a rebellious teenager . i got straight as , didn't skip school ( except rarely with permission ) , didn't drink or do drugs , was not promiscuous , etc etc . i didn't engage in rebellious ... 8.5 x 2 = 17 breaths per minute . also asthmatic . ( as an odd aside , i have a weird anxiety thing where i sometimes hold my breath for no reason . i was paying strict attention when i timed this and ... i'm really more middle road than pessimist or optimist . most of my perception tends to depend on my general mood at the time . when things are on the bad side , almost everything seems bad , and when ... i feel like i may resemble the op to some degree . i really hate to say no . i give far too many chances to do good . i'm not consistent in my disciplining of him . i give in too easily to pouts and ... infj and i find deep / intellectual conversations to be very important to me . voted the same way , obviously , on this ooold poll . i live in a mhp , so usually it's my douchebag neighbors that keep me up at night . lol other than that , it would usually be a book i'm reading and headfirst into , or some kind of project ( usually ... i'm personally a huge advocate of the chase , and i don't think it has to end once a couple gets serious . it's fun and stimulating , and keeps romance going well past the honeymoon phase of a ... possibly , but i have no way to know for sure . all i know is that being around people is very draining to me now , and i feel that i fit with the infj type very well . i'm told that when i was in ... i'm not a bad driver at all ( personally very good at driving , very focused on the road and my surroundings , very defensive while i'm driving ) , however ... i have a high degree of anxiety , especially ... i'm at work , so i can't download this to try it out . but i will say this : i was very intrigued that when i clicked on the link to check it out , it listed the dob as march 26 , 2004 . this labeled me as ... tried it once when i was young and thought i was liberal and smart . i ended up feeling like a total used piece of crap afterward . it was the first and last time for me . give me ample time to mull the question / problem over before i respond . i do better when i have time to think , and feel awful when i'm pressured into split-second communications and decisions . i thought when i was 15 i was level-headed and mature enough to lose my virginity , so i did so with someone i liked well enough as a friend , with no love / emotional attachment involved . now that i'm ... 2w1 / 9w1 / 5w6 these make a lot of sense to me . absolutely . and realistically in the exact order in which i'd place them if i were choosing myself ( without a test ) , too . i definitely come out limbic . i'm an incessant worrier . :( when i am around others that are angry , i tend to pick up on a lot of that because i'm quite empathic . if this happens , i get stressed out a good deal and will likely withdraw to find myself again ... my inner circle is a straight line - - myself ( infj ) and my husband ( intp ) , who is also my best friend . if you count my eight year old son ( whose type i have not figured out yet since he is so young ) , ... i consider myself to be quite boring , a homebody , really , and i'm perfectly happy with the fact . / shrug i think this is a ymmv sort of thing . we had to take it in sixth or seventh grade for school . i don't recall much of the actual testing at this point , but i do remember the person giving us the test telling us that there is no wrong ... i cannot play poker . at all . i would totally lose . definitely wear my heart on my sleeve . however ! i have been told that when i go into intuitive mode and stare off into space for extended ... i don't know that these kinds of people are a specific type or not , but ... yolo people . gosh , i loathe them so much . they think life is all about no responsibility and having a good time at the ... i find it kind of boring . it's very difficult for me to connect with most people , and my tolerance for stupidity is getting lower and lower by the day , it seems . i have only one person in my life ... i am always attracted to personality first of all , as well as intelligence . even more helpful if we have interests or beliefs in common . looks are far less important to me than these things . i'm very ... steadiness 48 % compliance 43 % influence 7 % dominance 2 % huh . i usually always test out as infj , but one time when i took the test , i did come out infp . i think it's because i tend to have an organized mess around me all the time . like ... it's messy , but ... dear fellow infjs , do you feel that you fit the stereotype of an infj being extremely neat and orderly with yourself and all your things ? edited to add my experience : - i do not fit a ... my intp is very basic in the wardrobe department . he is most often seen in cargo pants ( pockets are very useful for carrying a variety of things ) , boots or sneakers ( prefers boots , again for ... i use a backpack because i generally carry too much stuff . - purse ( so i don't have to drag my backpack into stores ) - wallet - chapstick - probably at least one ecig - manilla ... my favorite activity to do alone would be to go to lunch by myself . work is very people-oriented , and a nice quiet lunch by myself with a book is a good way of destressing for me . i really don't mind ... please don't assume that all women are die-hard feminists . thanks . i'm not at all progressive ; indeed , i prefer to be very traditional in nature . i've posted that elsewhere in this thread . also , i'll throw out a little tidbit that i did not anywhere else at this ... thank you , ma'am . i don't consider it a good thing that when a couple has a hiccup that everyone starts screaming bad news , gtfo now ! it's probably the reason why more than half of marriages today ... we don't fight because we talk to each other like rational human beings . the problem usually starts happening when i get emotional and shut myself down to try and think and contemplate what's going ... in regards a condescending attitude : he doesn't come off intentionally condescending toward me . he says things bluntly and to the point however it comes out of his head , and it can often be way too ... all fair points , indeed . and a lot of this is something that i really do need to work on , myself . after all , it's not his fault that i collapse like a popped bubble under pressure . it just lets him ... i have always been rather high strung with a good deal of anxiety , too . i internalize stress a lot and it expresses itself physically , so i also was known for having a nervous stomach . now that ... yes , i sure do know i need to , and i try to once in a while . it's not easy because when i'm upset ( infj ) i want to shut down , get away , and try to figure myself and my thoughts out . i'm also not all ... if you don't know what you're talking about , you should just shut up . it makes you look stupid . i'm not trying to be mean . what , are you mad or something ? i told you , i'm just trying to help you ... for me , to some degree it depends on my emotional stability at the time . if i'm in a good mood , someone with nasty things to say to me can sometimes ruin my mood , but usually i don't allow them to ... i would choose the fisher king , honestly ... but only if my family got to be with me . there's no sense in doing any of this alone . i'd just as soon fall over dead . the stipulation that you must be back ... i used to be very close with my full-blooded sister . we are irish twins and did everything together . we were the only friends we had growing up . but both of us have had a lot of traumas in our lives , ... sadly , no . he has psoriasis that is flaring up at the moment . :( right now ? i'm going to go with ... masturbation works well . and alas , hubby's broken . lol '