' 1 ) don't suck at what you do . 2 ) don't die before you finish it . it seems more like you need a girlfriend to keep you warm at night . it depends on the situation . common sense is important to solving any problem ! : exterminate : good luck . oh boy , this is not gonna work ... : laughing : second question is : are men smarter than women ? : shocked : free hugs , selling free hugs ! did you know that some people like the smell of their own farts ? what makes you think only dumb people work at mcdonalds ? and another one ... wife : i look fat . can you give me a compliment ? husband : you have perfect eyesight . a teacher is teaching a class and she sees that johnny isn't paying attention , so she asks him , if there are three ducks sitting on a fence , and you shoot one , how many are left ? johnny says , ... 471586 4715 94 471602 4716 10 ยก ay , caramba ! easy . call her before she calls you ! : laughing : have you ever thought that maybe you were born the wrong gender ? i don't know if an istj would like to be admired by another guy . i'm an 1w9 and my infp girlfriend is a 9w1 . i tried to look online to see what might be different between us and this is what i found . ... when you said that you were hoping for this thread to die , i had a feeling that you did not want things to go out of control . could this be true ? my fi is telling me to say this to you : we think ... ok , sorry . i didn't try to make a war or something . i think we all agree that it is sometimes difficult for us to relate to how an nt is thinking . i was hoping they could give me a proper explanation ... allow me to fuel this conversation to its former glory . basically , the stjs are saying that the nts can't answer a simple question without going off track . is there anything you wish to add or did ... hi vitamin ! i would like to know what do you want to do with your life ? i think istj parents don't want their children to regret later in life . what do you think ? tl ;d r people are wonderful . : wink : if you ever find yourself in a stressful situation where nothing , nothing and nothing is working for you , then after a certain period of time , you will be able to experience it ( aka you become ... this is very sad . i am afraid no one but himself is able to change his mind . i think the best thing you could do is to remind him that everyone is worrying about what could happen to his health ... at one point in my life , i have come to realize that my si and te functions were not as good as i thought they should be . i firmly believe that people who wish to perfect themselves should discard as ... it's a beautiful day and i can't stop myself from smiling ! : laughing : . very interesting topic for once , and i hope it won't stop here . douchebags over the nice guys ? what's wrong with being nice to people ? do you even need a reason to help people ? aren't you a little bit too emotional ? i have an isfj father and i also have tons of problems dealing with him . no offense to anybody , but i think it's worse to have an isfj father than an isfj mom ... however , there is no doubt in my mind ... the big picture is people hate what they are not . why are you trying to act like you're the perfect child ? what are you doing today ? can i know ? : cool : but i love you king yamol ... you have definitely hurt my feelings ... : unsure : have you guys seen the movie maleficent ? i recommend it . excited ! everyone is awesome in their own way ! coincidence , but about a week ago or something i posted the same topic in the enfp forum ! : happy : surprise me with something i don't know ! : rolleyes : yesyesyyesyes you deserve it ! : exterminate : say what you mean and mean what you say . thus , i hate to fail and i hate to lose ! i love the fact that you guys are always able to see good when thing seems bad ! keep it up ! : cool : me too ! me too ! i had a dream during which i realized that i was dreaming , and guess what happened ? well . my consciousness told me it was time to wake up because my dream didn't make any sense ! ! ... it's not about arrogance . i'm sure most of the xxtj ( and quite possibly the others too ) can relate to this massive irritation when someone talks and it doesn't make sense at all . for most of us ... not at all , but it is an interesting theory . lemon juice on the face ftw ! do you think that we tend to overestimate ourselves and judge people too quickly based on little things we know about them ? i mean rational thinking does not always lead to the best outcome . do you ... to the world you may be just one person , but to one person you may be the world . i've been with my infp girlfriend for 10 years and she means the world to me : laughing : . just be yourself because you ... what is the best thing that could happen to you if you talk to new people ? what is the worst thing that you could happen if you talk to new people ? my girlfriend is an infp and she is always having so much fun dreaming that she doesn't want to wake up just to continue her dream . in some of her dreams , she explained to me that she kills all the ... why , you ask ? because i love you . oh , can i hug you ? they're everywhere . the waves of goosebumps over all parts of your bodies ! yesyesyesyesyes ! : crazy : nope , you guessed wrong . glad to know that the name and the picture is misleading people because that was my intention ! : kitteh : just for fun really . i was genuinely interested to know if any of you had a good buddy to talk to . do you feel lonely ? '