' yes , indeed ... i am in the game now ... :D it makes sense to me now , after you mentioned the part where intj female needs to be dominated by a male ... which an enfp guy , i reckon is not the one to do so ... what exactly is it that you think makes them boring ... please be objective ... commenting on personal preference ... i haven't come across any intj girl in my life . but i have been weirdly attracted to isfp girls ... lol i asked it out of curiosity ... i have established from a lot of posts over here that ; intj male + enfp female = awesome pair but what about ; enfp male + intj female = not sure what are your ideas about it ? i have established from a lot of posts over here that ; intj male + enfp female = awesome pair but what about ; enfp male + intj female = not sure what are your ideas about it ? wrong ... super badass :P :P :P you said exactly wat i said ... u r more weird ... lol hahahahahaha ... i won't make such a mistake . and i am sorry if i hurt you in the process ... thx thank you so much for such a nice reply ... i thought my observation was all wrong considering few posts above from fellow esfj her ... i thought i was nuts :D why would he get frustrated when i am reading the slides slower . it's not his business . who is he to judge me ? he has seen me getting transformed from one stage of life to another . from low to a lot better position now . but its not like i was dependent on his support . or i ever wanted his support . to me , its ... which part of my message irritated you ... plz tell he always the one who initiates contact ... i try to dodge him . but he comes and greet me with huge smile on his face and hugs me to the point of lifting me ... [ which part of my message you ... [ quote = gurlygurl ; 1825921 ] he obviously thinks that you're a proud arrogant buffoon , that tries to sluff off on him , and he's sick of constantly giving to you . tbh , it doesn't surprise me that he feels ... i don't know where i missed reading that section in the original post . however , if two people can get to know each other in that duration , its sound to get married . i am an enfp an i use google & youtube alot ... i even use google as a dictionary . by appending any word with define : prefix . for which i can use any other dictionary as well . but for some ... as far as i am concerned enfp's can be good at science but not engineering . science to me is abstract and all theories which an intuitive person can easily grasp . on the other hand engineering to me ... i used to believe in love at first sight . but with time and maturity i have learnt that love at first sight is just an attraction or infatuation that goes out of the window when the initial ice ... as far as i am concerned enfp's can be good at science but not engineering . science to me is abstract and all theories which an intuitive person can easily grasp . on the other hand engineering to me ... hey guys ! i have been friends with an esfj male from 2 and half years . he has been a good company so far . he befriended me when i was very depressed and down with life in general . i was having ... what makes you guys change from a total * * * to a really nice guy ... i know a person in my class who is estj . he was very mean to me . he always hit point at me and was sarcastic . i used to play the ... what makes you guys change from a total * * * to a really nice guy ... i know a person in my class who is estj . he was very mean to me . he always hit point at me and was sarcastic . i used to play the ... hey guys ! i have been friends with an esfj male from 2 and half years . he has been a good company so far . he befriended me when i was very depressed and down with life in general . i was having ... but hr has other tasks as well . for example , training and development , recruitment ( and no firing ) and career counselling ( i am planning to to organizational psychology along with my hr degre ) ... at sovereign but hr has other tasks as well . for example , training and development , recruitment ( and no firing ) and career counselling ( i am planning to to organizational psychology along with my hr ... i have been weak in my marketing subjects as far as marks were concerned . for that reason i chose hrm as my specialized area in my mbax 85 but after helping some friends casually on their marketing ... i have been weak in my marketing subjects as far as marks were concerned . for that reason i chose hrm as my specialized area in my mbax 85 but after helping some friends casually on their marketing ... at mxzcct ... i just want to know if you istp guys had an experience with enfp's as best friends ? if yes , how was it ? i am an enfp male and i have a male classmate who is istp . he is a good friend . but i want to know him more but he is very reserved . any one of you guys had and experience with and istp as best ... i am an enfp male and i have a male classmate who is istp . he is a good friend . but i want to know him more but he is very reserved . any one of you guys had and experience with and istp as best ... i did this to a girl in my first semester . she used to stare alot to me . my perceptions about her were spot on that she is proud and haughty and playing mind games with me . but my judgement was ... an intriguing view on perception and jugement ... ideed i think its a good thing that you use the second option . because i think searching for something to justify your ne is dangerous in the long run ... it's based on lies and deception . and that ... i can totally relate to this .. especially the person acting sneaky or cunning thing you mentiond ... you mean enfp are prone to stereo typing people . when they jump to conclusions or judgements about people based on their past perceptions of certain events . for example , all rich people are proud ... ( i posted this in the general psychology section , but it didnt generated any response ... hope to have response in this forum ) i have a theory to share with you guys . has anybody notice that time ... enfps sometimes make serious errors in judgment . they have an amazing ability to intuitively perceive the truth about a person or situation , but when they apply judgment to their perception , they ... isfp friend : why are you writing points in the slides when you have the softcopy me : coz am getting bored in the lecture :D you are such a stalker :P ( shouted my enfpfriend from behind when i was ... thank you guys for sharing your experiences and helping me out ... i gave my presentation a week ago and to my surprise it surpassed my expectations in a good way ... :D i make a note of all the ... all of these advices are really good ... i will try them and let you guys tell ... how it goes ... thanks ... i want to some help in improving my presentation skills based on my personality type . before coming here and to ask the question , i did some reading on improving presentation skills . i got the ... i want to some help in improving my presentation skills based on my personality type . before coming here and to ask the question , i did some reading on improving presentation skills . i got the ... i want to some help in improving my presentation skills based on my personality type . before coming here and to ask the question , i did some reading on improving presentation skills . i got the ... strategic management conflict management personnel management managerial accounting no wonder am a managment student ... mba am glad i can amuse some one ... :D @ hm with finally , some one who thinks like me ... :D i like programming ... i hated history too in high school ... but i like to know about history in general ... it kinda opens up the big picture ... my intuition was constantly telling me you would say some thing like that :D :P yeah , its quite possible ... in every personality type there can be variations , and add to it different backgrounds , ... '