' you realize the early church recognized gay marriages and that some interpretations argue david was gay , yes ? you're also arguing that a natural occurrence ( homosexuality ) is unnatural , which doesn't ... in general , i'm pretty passive about things . i can be forward when necessary though . me and my boyfriend started dating when i basically blurted out how much i liked him and asked him to start ... how my intj boyfriend sees infps : cannabis cars : turning fiery crashes into blazing good times . it depends . it's not an absolute truth . for example , you're correct about trauma . however , trauma is the result of a person's coping abilities being stressed past their ability to mitigate a ... i'd give you my browser history , but i cleared it in a panic over that stupid net neutrality thing twitch did the other day . i thought i had a virus . off the top of my head : cnn bbc twitch ... that does start getting into an area of clinical significance . with interpersonal violence and significant destruction of property , you're starting to get into impulse disorders . again , impulsivity ... as stated , these forums aren't appropriate at all for diagnosing . what'd i recommend is continuing to reach out to mental health practitioners who can see more of the picture than any of us could ... agreed with what others have said about it being your brain processing things . dreams are weird because the logical center of our brain shuts down while we sleep , while the emotional center is in ... oh jeez . i'll categorize them loosely , but they aren't in a particular order , with the top of each category bolded : arts : seo taiji janis joplin lady gaga matisyahu when i really get mad and devote the time and energy to going for the jugular , i'm pretty accurate . i think it has to do with us knowing what would hurt because of our empathy , being able to identify ... i put a lot of deep thinking into mine . it's a character i identify with from a comic that's important to me , from a scene that has a lot of meaning to me . it also has a persona that i want attached ...   i'd probably recommend some counseling , where you're going to get a lot more personalized help finding coping skills that fit your personality , your habits , and your body . i could give you a laundry ... zoloft and a double dose of melatonin . edit : this is really interesting ! i thought i could do this while tired , but it was a disaster , so i'm going to try again later . not really . if it's not something that isn't hurting anyone else , how is it any of their business ? on the other hand , if it's a lack of approval for something that is affecting someone else , i ... if you choose not to , i'd suggest getting an associates or technical degree in something such as welding , plumbing , medical technology , etc . it's not even remotely the end of the world . i have 2 ... undergrad : i didn't want to move away from home , and it's the university in my city . it's also where my mom went to school . i didn't really think about it much , i just applied , got in , and went ... i've changed my mind about things , but it hasn't really been a conversion or concession so much as an adaptation . for example , i learned to temper my political idealism with pragmatism . so while i ... i like purple , but it's not my favorite color . it brings to mind deep vibrancy , kind of like dark energy . it's generally something for when i'm in a techno music mood , along with neon pink and ... i've played hockey and tennis . both were just for fun . i only won a handful of hockey games and don't think i won more than two tennis matches . it's inevitable , but we should still try to help people from having it destroy their lives . there's also a point that inevitability gives way to being unacceptable . just because poverty is inevitable ... it bothers me that this thread is conflating support for social justice with being a social justice warrior . those are two totally different things . how did we get to a point where we confuse them ? well , i constantly ask my boyfriend if he's still happy we're dating because i can't believe a guy as amazing as him would date me , and i legitimately are that he's satisfied with his choice of me as ... this is true , but as far as i'm aware most ancient greek courses teach attic greek . if it helps , latin is easier and more relevant . beyond the influences of ancient rome on the modern world , and ... i respect their right to live and don't mind them sharing my house if they mind their own business . they're useful to have around , and they can't help that my house is a great place for them to set ... yes , it does . it has a lot to do with the science race of the cold war , as well as domination of empiricism that's manifested by western superpowers . as an english major , i mentioned this to my ... let me tell you story . i have two bachelors degrees and i'm currently in graduate school for my masters . i walked into my internship with no more clue about actual work than if i'd had none of ... this is tough to answer , because i don't think i've ever experienced it the same way twice . it just really depends on the aggregate of my emotions and situation . sometimes it's a sad and lonely ... show me a river , i'll show you an ocean i'll show you a castle turn into sand oh we rise and we fall , we crash on the coastlines ... it has to do with intrinsic vs extrinsic motivation . no matter how much you love something , being paid to do it makes it less enjoyable . why ? being paid to do it means you're doing it for the ... it depends on the kind of melancholy , to be honest . if it's a melancholy of where i was in the past compared to where i'm going , and be true to my inner self's dreams , then i listen to this : ... clinical social work . i started my coursework this past august , and i graduate in spring 2018 . honestly , the reason i never even considered social work is because i have the same ... i'm an onion ! lol what the fuck . that's not an actual reason you give someone . you say , i think we need to learn more ... not in any particular order , but ... ralph waldo emerson jean-jacques rousseau rumi dogen soren kierkegaard noam chomsky murray rothbard plato it depends what you mean . i have a base set of ideals and an agreeable nature . i don't set aside my ideals , but i learn from people with different ideas and adapt to their point of view . i don't ... no , it's not . you get paid to work and don't get whipped for not working hard enough . i'm from the south . i know what slavery is , and the modern workforce is not it . it's not really a difference in personal depth . we're all humans and have a limbic system with similar limits and capabilities . the primary difference is that having fi as the major filter of our ... maybe i'm just lucky , but i found the love of my life after i gave up on ever finding anyone and quit trying . as soon as i quit trying ( or at least within two years , anyways ) , i fell in love with one ... i have a b . a . in writing and was very close to applying for an m . f . a . in creative writing . your parents are right about this . homeschooling takes substantial amounts of personal motivation , ... write about how depressed you are on the internet that you don't have a job . no , seriously , that's why i went back for a second degree to apply for graduate school in social work . you can get any ... yeah , before i knew i was gay . even gay , though , i still can be . i don't think this is necessarily an infp thing . machiavellian test most of the answers about dishonesty and interaction with others was based on the belief that there are occasions where honesty is relative and might be more harmful than ... yes . so , so very yes . my mom hates going through a drive-thru with me because i can't decide what i want . god help us when the thing i've decided on isn't still available , like if i'm counting ... there isn't any answer to this question . every person should have a personal answer that's meaningful only to them . my meaning for life should be different from your meaning for life . you have to ... phenomenology . emotional and interpersonal experiences . “ being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers . you can fill your life up with ideas and still go home lonely . all you ... '