' probably should've added in entp-specific things in that last post . things to keep in mind , primarily when out in social situations ( bars , parties , whatever events ): * our ne ti allows us to be ... i could ramble on about pick up / dating for days , but if we're singling out flirting alone : tease , tease , tease . i can't stress this enough . it's always on . witty bantor and playful teasing is ... damn , wish i was active when this was going on lol self aggrandizing smirk collage in 3 .. 2 .. 1 .. 199898 catchy words and phrases , all the time . even my estp buddy , who always seems to be on top of everything catchy and new , still steals my shit . first it was annoying , then flattering , now it's just ... like the religion thing . you feel a need to get settled on a religious decision . where as an entp doesn't feel that need , it just kind of happens or doesn't . i'm agnostic . most religions sound ... nailed it . technically more p-ness isn't possible , that's not how your brain works . you're always going to have that need to have certain things worked out ; decisions , plans , and opinions settled ... in the case you listed : truth . without question . her response to it isn't your fault , you did the right thing . she should know that . her response is quite surprising , for the record . sfj's are ... i suppose i can actually answer the original question , considering i jumped in on this post lol my greatest fears ( in no order ): 1 ) losing my independence * coughfreedomcough * lol ... being in ... monemi fair enough , i'll agree with you there . altho i experience the same fear of freedom that you're talking about . but i'm a type 7 with a strangely prevalent se , according to cog func tests , ... monemi i wasn't denying that sp's need freedom . i'm well aware of my temperaments , and se , i don't need a course in it . there's no argument there , you are correct . what i was defending was ... update : so ... i mighttt have fudged this one up a bit . did that whole i'm gonna over-analyze the whole thing , and start doing mini-tests to see if i can illicit an emotional response thing ... yeah , the freedom thing isn't sp specific lol ne basically requires an unlimited pool of options at all times . if there was to be any kind of distinction there , it would mayyybe be : se desires ... dude . this . i'm about to turn 28 , and i'm in that same place . basically the same story , except i went to college for 6 years , changed majors 4 times , and ended up dropping out . been working dead ... one of my best friends is an estp , and we're incredibly alike ( that's what everyone says , and we're both type 7 ' s ) . but there's significant differences in the way we think . a couple things i can come ... perhaps not , but i made a post that included this self-critical state awhile back ( here ) , and an overwhelming amount of entp's identified with it . but hey , we're not all entirely identical . gender : male hair color : dark brown hair style : med / long , shaggy ( my avatar needs updated lol ) eye shape : idk ... naturally slightly wider / bigger than average , but i squint a lot . really ... fixed the video lol i was talking mbti with one of my jam buddies , and got to talking about how we have moments of heavy self-critiquing ( or sometimes straight up self bashing ): jb : so it can just happen for no ... i take a significant interest in potential mistypes . plus i saw the long exchange in the entp forum , didn't agree with how either side handled it . figured you could use something a bit more ... not sure if this'll help , but here's an interesting post by someone who was also struggling with a possible mistype between infj / intj / intp . they ask about ni-ti loops , weak fe vs strong ti in an ... also ( i know i know , another post lol ) i wanted to point out that there is a lot to personality typology . many people stumble upon mbti , and think they've got it all figured out . truth is , i've ... right ? ? ? lol on a side note : as an nt temperament myself , i want to point out that , while most of the time i have a cool and calm demeanor , i still have plenty of moments feeling strongly and deeply as well . and ... i've always found it far easier ( and much more accurate ) to determine your temperament first , and then chunk down from there . so we're working with : sp sj nf nt now i know you're not an sp , ... i don't have any specific examples off hand , but anybody that doesn't know me very well would def think i was an estp . my ne seems to primarily manifest itself in clever one-liners and off-the-wall ... thanks for the responses . i'll just give it some time , be patient . push the boundaries here and there , cause that's what i do lol i do have experience with fi . one of my good friends is a ... ... from everything i've been reading , i think i'm just over-thinking it . i think i'm just not used to girls that are so reserved with their emotions , and are so hesitant to convey what they want . ... so i've been kinda seeing this isfp girl for 3 - ish weeks , and i'm having a hard time gauging how she feels about me . she's only been single for a month and a half , got out of a multi-year ... i'm 27 , and i still haven't quite gotten there . or at least it would take somebody really amazing to get me there , but that's been a pretty rare occurrence ( maybe twice ? ) . as far as growing up ... a few of you have got the right idea . it's not the asshole per se , but the combination of traits that they tend to have . a combination of being confident , assertive , dominant , etc , with an air of ... i'll be honest , i didn't read all the responses ( sorry , latter-half posters ) . so what i'm about to say may have already been reflected on earlier , but ... the problem is , we live in a world ... the enneagram type probably has alot to do with how various entp's and estp's will be around each other , i'd assume . me and my buddy are both type 7 ' s , so it blends together quite smoothly . when we ... yes . one of my best friends is an estp . seems like whenever we hang out , his extremely dominant se seems to focus my ne on crazy ideas and off-the-wall humor ... it's a little more in the moment , ... look closely . the three types you listed ? all have fairly significant core differences . they're not only different types , but each one is a different temperament . esfj - sj enfj - nf esfp - sp ... alright , so ... i'm not one to ask for advice when it comes to women . i've always been really good at getting the girl , it's never really been an issue for me . good at reading people , good at ... i want to answer this correctly , and i'm having a hard time coming up with the right situation ... i would say when i'm around certain arrogant / stubborn sj types , but that just results in typical ... oh , and nt's as parents ? tend to guide their children towards self-sufficient living , even at an early age . we won't tell you how it's done , we'll teach you how to do creative problem solving to ... to the op : i couldn't agree more , it was the same with me . my mom's an estj , strangely enough , and raised me solo ( my dad's an estp , and was a bit more excited about the idea of being a dad , than ... i don't personally know any other entps either . altho truth is , i'm not sure i'd know another if i met one , at least not right off the bat ... case in point : if you ever met me at some social ... one of my best buddies is an estp , and we get along great . in social / party mode , we're almost a mirror image of each other , you can barely even tell the difference ( primarily cause my ne gets ... technology is moving too fast ... ... for my paycheck to keep up with . 6 ' and 160lbs , give or take 5lbs that said , most people don't believe me , cause i look about 20lbs lighter lol . must be the beer-ponch i keep sucking in so i can still look good in v-neck ... haha that's awesome . i keep thinking this thread is going to die , but somebody ends up coming across it , and bringing it back lol . i'm not sure what the requirements for it are , but i'm almost ... i feel like the odd man out when i say this , but honestly , most of my friends are sp's ( primarily of the extraverted flavor ) . they keep me active and involved with the social scene , and i can always ... if you're talking about the mildly ambiguous grey area of flirting , that normally consists of teasing , playful hitting ( or full on play-fighting ) , and casual touches that last just a littleee ... while it's not normally a problem , i'll admit that , if i'm not getting that this guy's fucking awesome , i love when he's around vibe from people , it can mildly affect my mood . admiration is a ... investment theory . short of the long : the initial investment ( their time / energy ) that you're asking them to make is way too big . you have to garnish their interest in baby steps , especially when ... i fell in love once , with my last girlfriend . that relationship ended almost 2 years ago , and i haven't been quite the same since . still generally the same , but when it comes to dating , i'm far more ... most responses summed up the greatest entp fear : lack of freedom of choice . me personally ? tack on : 1 ) rejection , in a social format . 2 ) heights ( more specifically , on what i perceive to be an ... generally i put full faith in people when i first meet them , unless i'm getting a sketchy vibe from them . as i get to know people , i ( subconsciously ) quickly form a baseline for them ; the way they ... '