' just see how it goes . i would assume that some people will like it and some people will not like it and that is ok . don't be discouraged . i think you will do fine . i have never really met anyone with these views , but i dislike this kind of thinking . education becomes less about creativity and love of learning and more about the status symbol attached to going ... but you are not incapable . you went to school and you strove to learn and did the best you could . this particular art school did not accept you ( based more on your depression instead of your ... how do you feel mentally prohibited from achieving your goals ? could you give me some specific examples ? why do feel that you don't deserve to be successful and what does success mean to you ? psychology is fairly interesting . the intro course was sort of interesting , and human sexuality was as well , but when i take abnormal , personality , or social psychology , i think i will like it more ... i relate to what you are going through : black-and-white thinking , being harsh and critical about what is going on in the world . i feel that while the world claims to value a lot of great things , i ... i am catholic and i like my faith . i like the emphasis , particularly from a priest at the catholic student center in the college i attend , about loving god , knowing that god loves you , striving to ... psychology i chose psychology as a major after not knowing what i wanted to major in . i am hoping to be a clinical psychologist in order to help and counsel people with their emotional and psychological ... as a first born infp , i am somewhat detail-oriented , perfectionistic , and conscientious , but i don't possess most of the other traits listed . i am not a leader , am nonagressive , and am not really a ... yesterday , i spoke to a guy who came over to our house . he asked me if i was going into 7th grade and i told him that i was going back to college and he said , she's a big girl now . in ... to corporal atlas i understand . however , most people argue for success in terms of individualistic factors and keep relating it to how hard one does or does not work , forgetting that other ... to what degree do you feel that society is desensitized ? feel free to list some examples . in general , i feel that society is desensitized to people's sufferings , especially when it comes to ... i got supine supine : 68 phlegmatic : 56 ... no . my index finger is longer than my ring finger . chamomile tea if you were a drink , you'd be 52 % alternative , 26 % caustic and 33 % playful . mmm , tasty . so , we all know that people aren't beverages , and trying to drink other people won't end ... cleric 4 % combativeness , 17 % sneakiness , 35 % intellect , 97 % spirituality full of faith and spirituality ! you are a cleric ! clerics are holy men and women who use their powers to heal the ... i agree . i think that a good work ethic should based on the value put into the work you are accomplishing , not based on how much time you put into it , especially if you are unable or unwilling to ... why do we assume that people who are poor or who don't work are lazy ? why do we try to find faults in people who do the right thing and then turn around and criticize people for doing the wrong ... i am very feminine . i like to wear dresses , skirts , and blouses . even if i am wearing a simple t-shirt with a pair of jeans , the t-shirt is usually pink or white . my shoes have certain feminine ... with romantic relationships , there is a tendency to use others than to love them because it involves a lot of time and effort to love . i think all of us ( myself included ) and society as well could ... my comment from sodahead : i don't see how protecting people from bullying or hurtful words is politically correct . we should not treat people with disrespect . bully is not something that should be ... my shyness , quietness , gentleness , idealism , and introversion are seen as flaws . i am told that i need to be more outgoing and extroverted but i think it is good to keep a low profile . people hurt ... i have trouble speaking in public . i get nervous and anxious . i did well in the one i took in high school , but i avoided speaking in my original class and went to a study room class to give my ... i agree with all of what you said , especially the ugliness of modern cities , reaching one's full potential , and the modern public school system . there needs to be an emphasis on ideas and practical ... pacifism encourages self-control , gentleness , and discipline and should be embraced in this world . everyone has freedom but that freedom should be used for good . women should value and embrace ... i never really questioned being in school until my senior year in high school , despite the fact that was bullied since i was in elementary . i don't necessarily hate school but i dislike cliques , ... when it comes to my room ( college dorm ) , i am neat in the sense that i tend to put items in their proper places , but messy in the sense that it is unorganized . though , my bedroom is clean . when it ... i like looking up information that is mainly recreational , unless the subject in college interests me and / or that there is not a time limit on what i learn . do people really dislike vegans that much ? because i knew one student and an ipc teacher who were vegans , but people liked them very much . though , i think people may have thought it was a little ... meanness superficiality arrogance insensitivity hate rudeness lack of individuality / identity evil on some threads , i have heard that some people feel that college is better than high school , dispite disliking public education ( more or less including myself ) . is college better than high school as ... age discovered : 15-17 current age : 18 type : infp spongebob squarepants 17 , 18 , or 19 kids and counting undercover boss little house on the prarie project runway what would you do ? thank you , rez . the song is adorable and i like the music video . thank you for being so kind . i like musicals , but my favorite is hairspray . pride and prejudice oh ok . that sounds interesting . i wish i went to a school like that . no . what is it about ? i would consider myself more liberal but i value certain traditional values and i am also pro-life . dreams ( soft , romantic , dreamy , eccentric places , people , and situations ) music ( pop , christian rock , hip-hop , rock , alternative ) causes me to daydream about singing and dancing books ( romance novels ) ... i relate to this well . often at times , i have an idea of what i am going to wear in the morning . there are times where i put what i decided to wear but other times , i decide that i want to wear ... i understand how you feel . i do not like showing people my creative work or projects to other people . i worry about my work being criticized and misunderstood by others and sometimes i second-guess ... istp - the crafter you scored 25 i versus e , 60 n versus s , 100 f versus t , and 0 j versus p ! your ideal partner is known as the crafter . as a romantic partner , this type is calm and handy to ... praying reading writing daydreaming going to the park or taking a walk in the woods by myself i have trouble finding my voice as well , but you begin to learn how not to say yes to everything and to stand for your values and ideas . whites ( motive : peace ) whites are motivated by peace . they seek independence and require kindness . they resist ... harsh , relentless , and unnecessary criticism deliberately misunderstanding someone so that you do not take the time to get know the person meanness disliking someone for no reason how interesting . i looked at harps on the internet but they are expensive to buy . i know that my parents would not be able to afford a harp or to take me to harp lessons , but if they could afford to ... '