' you know what , i actually can't tell . seulgi is way too easygoing . xxfp ... ? and yes ! actually you can't really pick a bias in rv , everyone is equally lovable : laughing : i've been away from perc for almost a year , got into kpop while i was away and , rv members ' mbti type suddenly crossed my mind and i just searched up kpop in this forum and can't believe i found this ... now that i'm aware of it , i totally agree ! indeed , 1 of the infp was less focused , more daydreamy while the other 2 are very quirky . it's interesting how different they deal with the external world ... hello infps ! first of all , this is my first time posting here , i just want to say that i have infinite fascination for you guys . you are such beautiful people and i can spend the rest of my life ... not much of a fictional book reader but i fell deeply in love with the illumination by kevin brockmeier . my top 5 favourite non-fictions are .. 1 . meditations by marcus aurelius ( it's a ... oh dear ! people telling me that i look too serious happens too often . my lecturer likes to joke around saying i should aspire to be a disciplinary master because i look like one . my classmates on the ... awesome ! what form of art are you intending on practising ? painting ? sculpting ? and i wish you luck for finding your perfect job ! :D haha ! that's interesting . actually , making a new year ... greetings ! : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : it's been a looong time since i last logged in here . since new year is around the corner , i'd like to read about your 2015 new year resolutions , if you do ... - i write to be read ( too ) . i'm usually invisible in person , it's not necessarily a bad thing , but i want to have a voice , through writing , where i can be heard but still be able to remain ... that was an interesting read ! thanks to this post , i just realised that there is a correlation between minimalism and buddhism ! i am a buddhist and i meditate daily . i have found that ... i personally think that you are far from being unattractive . i'm very into social psychology and it's not about how attractive your physical appearance is , it's all about how open is your body ... i am single at the moment . it's hard sometimes for us affectionate beings not having someone to hug when we have a bad day or a hand to hold and squeeze at random moments . sometimes it's hard when ... om mani padme hum is recited 108 times during my daily meditation session . i am the prize a little bit egotistical , but it helps to boost my self-esteem by 200 % when a girl flakes out on me or ... i used to be obsessed with choosing friends / partners by their mbti type or the type of people there are in general but then i found a method of choosing compatible friends / partners which is far ... in my opinion , what you just described was selfish love due to the fact that he only loves his own personalised version of paul . however , if he does love paul for paul , in every single version of ... this subject is interesting and i can't wait to read more responses from other infjs . i too recently have been pondering upon the unconditional love and so far i find myself leaning more towards ... i know here ! i think her voice is pretty awesome . i like her royals cover better than this one though . but yeah , i do develop crushes on people i've never met . it happened several times before , ... you're very welcome ! and oh ! you're like the first person from singapore who knows about mbti that i've ever known ! :D sounds like your life feels like a prison to you . my parents are too very protective and strict . here are the things i have done which i have found to be effective at convincing them to let me study ... american beauty blue is the warmest colour v for vendetta side effect disconnect nature , art and women :) i want the inside of my house to be luxurious like this .. 143970 1439 78 143986 1439 94 in a natural environment , quiet , peaceful , green and clean . ... it is that awakening moment where you are suddenly very mindful of what has happened , no longer blinded by the love you felt for them , that you realised how badly you have been treated , how the ... i have been there . i spent the last year of high school doing literally nothing , only later to find myself rushing through my science textbooks crying because of the enormous amount of stuff i did ... english is not my first language . i left my hometown after finishing 7th grade and then spent two years learning nothing but english and after that i got a place in a local school in an ... oh god ... being manipulative is one negative trait i have which i'm well-known for . i was manipulating them out of selfishness i guess . i was working on this film project which i was extremely ... letting go of attachments is the one i have most difficulties with . i voted for ( trust issues or past grievances ) i have too many walls up . because the person that the other party sees in me and wants to befriend with isn't really who i really am as what he / she sees ... there is this girl that i'm talking to ( and pretty much all the people in my social circle ) often tells me that i'm very smart / special / wonderful and deep down i laugh at how wrong they are because ... 1 . i have a weirdly strong connection with the moon . 2 . i obsess with nice hands / fingers . 3 . i am alexithymic . 4 . generosity is a huge turn on . 5 . i am gayyy . first of all , * internet hugs * second of all , i feel that instead of spending too much time making what if plans , enjoy her presence . your house looks so cozy , i like it ! one tip for how to learn any language by heart is to use it to express yourself , just like i did and it worked ! keep a temporary diary , or the current one if you have , then decide that you are going ... these 2 hit me hard . thank you for the 17th life hack , i used to ( and still do every now and then ) hate my contradictions . the more that i spend time to self-reflect , the more i don't understand ... 1 . serious , threatened ( people in my social circle think it's weird when i tell them that i once viewed them as a threat ) 2 . polite , well-mannered , quiet 3 . observant , warm 4 . relaxed , chill ... that's awesome ! maybe i should make a habit of 45 min reading every day . and it's my third language actually , but i believe i'm more fluent in english than my second and first language because i use ... just out of curiosity , do you manage to finish every single book on your bookshelf + closet ? i love books , my bookshelf is always filled , and i never stop borrowing and buying books so i will either ... all your rooms look awesome ! and look how nerdy we are ! almost every single bookshelf in everyone's room is filled ;) and may i present to you my room aka shelter aka paradise ... a panoramic ... to the previous members who were wondering what this game is , so was i ... so i googled it and it's a 3d story exploration video game . i just watched the trailer and the graphic and sound were ... greetings , i have this weird feeling that my mental health has weakened . 2 months ago , i started to develop this feeling of unsafety . i'm not really scared of anything but i am always terrified ... yes , i'm very absent-minded and always get laughed at or scolded because of it . and i'm glad i'm not the only one . i think having this characteristic is one of the reasons why i just don't do ... damn , valandis your taste is music is awesome ! : laughing : you just got me addicted to late night alumni's sunrise comes to soon ! here are songs i think are seductive : ... i'm going to be a young adult soon and i still have not been in a serious relationship yet . one reason for the difficulty of finding someone to connect on a higher level with is because i am a ... no , it makes perfect sense to me . i was and still ( i guess ) in the same situation where i'm lonely and wanting to get close to people whom i don't think i can / will . i feel miserable . but the ... this ... when i tell people that i speak 4 languages , people automatically assume that i'm very good in languages but what they don't know is that out of the 4 i'm not good at any , plus , i have ... firstly , this is the first time i've ever posted here ! hello infps ! you are the most awesome and beautiful creatures in my world : laughing : anyways , recently , an infp ( tested ) named p and i were ... - what's your relationship with music ? ( how often do you listen ? where ? how do you feel about it in general ? ) music makes me feel less lonely . although i can't say that it has saved my life or ... i feel you , man . we all crave human connections doesn't matter if you are introverted or extroverted . but as i grow , i figure that ways to not feel lonely when you are alone are to watch movies , ... i have 3 recurring dreams which i remember vividly . 1 . when i was younger , i often had a dream about a witch who dresses in black and who always travels in a wooden cart and she travels very fast ... '