' i agree she is definitely a introvert . i know shes a intx for sure . anyways i recently discovered her , so i'd go gay for tina fey ! i know i put her in extroverted catagory , but i relate to her so ... thank you . very sweet of you . love the love you guys have given me . there are good and bad posts out there . hope they were good learning experience for you . i learned so much from this site . thanks for that . i men't micheal bay . he was . i wander how the new one will be like ? i have a temper . a bad one . i need to learn how to zen myself out and be more like jack donaghy.http :/ / tvguide.ca/nr/rdonlyres/1c1926a9-fc4e-4989-9a6f-611cec172691/345791/remote30rock502.jpg i like looking at pictures of sam witwicky . yes , he was whiny , but his role was rubbed of being a hero . i don't think it's her that i hate . it's more of her role in the movie . megan fox is also killer hot and not a triple threat . but james cameron is such a ... i see . owl's have lots of symbolism . thank you . feels good to be back . i did leave for a long time . i like to drop and see whats going on . tina fey i love her !  tina fey tim minchin i find myself really into i types due to their layers . i find that very intriguing . i find myself slowly turning into one .. ;) i know this is asking for trouble but try to keep it pg 13 . the next post would be the next sentence of his / her thoughts . here it goes ! i'll start with ... today i woke up with a feeling like i ... i have a picture just like this one ! i see what your saying . there have been other threads on different forums about personality contributing to believes . i can see how entj personality would manipulate that environment . but i am a ... hey girl . i felt the same way 2 years ago . i'm glad to say i've come a long way . here's my blog you might feel me . love . - personalitycafe this is a t type topic . thank you very much for your input . ok maybe i shouldn't be so snarky but here's a video for you to enjoy ... hahahaha you know kim jong and cher both been around forever . one totally takes him self seriously the other doesn't . but both are successful at what they do . sure we can debate on but they are ... how would you identify a neglected function in a dream ? what theory are you using ? it interesting . ... great use of fe . if you want to talk about warlock start that thread . this one can be closed if it causes so much negativity . i was only communicating if there were others out there . there were a few . here's a chart : complete relationship chart between psychological ( personality ) types i am not going to claim i'm mother theresa on this one . its really who ignores me that hurts . if it's a old friend then it really hurts . sometimes i'd wish i have thicker skin . but these are 2 older women that are just rude , egos the size of houses and just plain mean . how did he look like ? where you under stress ? was it a coincidence ? i just had a dream that i went back and found old journals in my book cases complete with t shirts i used to wear . some one was reading poetry in the background . i kept thinking how cool and i keep ... maybe we should add a theme to this war ? ! yeah it gets on my nerves . specially when you know your right . read the thread of gtfo ! i wonder how artificial skin would feel like and if my body would have a internal temp reader to make the skin warm lol some things i totally relate to but this thread is actually going along a lot better then i thought . as for cloning your self to shape better employee i call that your legacy . : wink : what do you do or say to get what you want successfully ? that would be awesome . mostly a defense mechanism for stress . i don't want to be the person yelling and being upset because it didn't go my way . i want to be like a buddhist monk . i am bigger then this small problem . i agree with you on the natural part . that's exactly where i am coming from ! part of me wants to hold the rules down and have others follow them to the t . and then the other part of me is like don't let the small things drag you . let ... i like how certain p types like have ego trips on their rants . this was a hypothetical question on the possibilities of human inorganic anatomy . taking the word robot for granted takes it out of ... i like being caught by surprise . my bf gave me a nice pendent for my bday . i looked at him and said i didn't think we were in that stage of a relationship where we start giving each other jewelry . he ... more like upgradable lust . : wink : you would be so surprised how superficial people can be . i be a 7 . i am all over the place if you ask me . i have one of those confusing personalities the doesn't type well . someone told me it's because of my ni . and those tests are mostly built for ... i like the android from blade runner . i think i like he idea of having a bionic body with a human brain more then actually being a full android . robo cop you sexy bitch hey i always want to be a robot . i always dream about it . do you do too ? tron + daft punk woot ! maybe you're right ... maybe i have been feeling infp ish , but my big ol entj ego wont let me admit it . i don't like feeling this stressed for this long . there has to be a way to deal . i think this one is more of a cultural thing . i know i can dance damn well . i can dance to latin music . my bf is teaching me 50 ' s style dancing which he can do . yes he's white and i am latin . yeah there are many things i would not want to be the leader on . like being the supervisor at my job eek ! it's way to unorganized and crazy . once i had the windows down on a cold night so that my body could go numb . it was a mutual break up but i did love him . : crying : your temperament can change with age and maturity even with environmental factors . what i am actually asking is how do other entj's deal under stress . or how do they deal when they see their ... '