' this is a much more insightful post than i originally realized lmao . i'm planning to try molly + acid together soon . this thread has had some great responses , and to spare myself the work i'm going to respond to them in this post as well so i apologize for ... by this i mean which function would be the most engaging for them . an enfj would be engaged by using which functions and they would enjoy things that engage those functions . which types would find ... ti interprets data as does fi , interpretations are inherently subjective not in terms of what you are doing , but rather what about what you are doing that makes you feel alive . for example i've heard one ni dom describe she felt most alive when she was synthesize ... i agree with this . is ne a visual function for you mentally ? what would cause a ti-dominant to lose curiosity in things ? on top of this , i'm interested if someone has a more thorough understanding of the inner world of the ti dominant . alot of the time it ... do you reject the unconscious-conscious dynamic that he mentioned where the dominant function consciousness getting seen from the other side by the other functions which form archaic facts ? ... i thought you were mentioning earlier that you were saying that you didn't think the conscious-unconscious dynamic that jung associated with introversion and extroversion was correct especially being ... yeah that is what i'm trying to say , it is what it looks like aka it seems cold and calculated to others which surprises me when right before that he also says that others are the ones who can see ... you answered fantastic . this is exactly the type of response i'm looking for to start establishing why types choose behaviors as a result of cognition rather than looking at behaviors and trying to ... i've mostly become tired with how the types / functions are discussed here so i'm trying to input my own way of understanding it into the forum by establishing the fundamental model and then building ... just curious if anyone has thought of modes of perception that are different than the ones list or modes of judging that are different than the ones listed . each type would feel alive by utilizing the functions they enjoy using , which is probably their preferred ones . what would this look like for each type . i'm not looking for specific activities , but ... can you define what you mean by seeing their natural , adapted behavior seem calculated ? what natural , adapted behavior came to mind for you ? if it is objectively based thinking than it would be ... as a side note i'm really glad you posted on this thread , i've been looking to have a conversation with you for a while just hasn't come up yet . i figured with your huge amount of knowledge it would ... it looks like this is about introvert vs extravert not ti vs te but i'm still interested greatly . something that confuses me is that he mentions how the extravert tries to deal with objects and ... i have to agree with this as far as stacks being different . i have had an extremely difficult time typing myself due to the behavioral focus of this forum rather than perception , as well as the ... why do you say he wasn't a ti user ? i would say the majority of what i spend my time thinking about is that which doesn't need to refer to concrete facts ( i think about the existential and how to ... exactly . i thought the same thing . i don't relate to the imagery that he points to . the blue highlighted parts confuse me . the representation of the unknowable that couldnt be represented in an ... i don't think this explanation actually captures the nature of the functions in their entirety tbh . i think jung's desciptions show much more to it fundamentally , but also at some points he is ... everything you said under the first paragraph is essentially correct . as for the first one it may be right but i just need some clarification , by extroverted denial do you mean they are unaware of ... i can give light to this as a supposed intp . imagine i told you 50 % of black people are poor as a hypothetical . ti might go well yeah that's because black people are oppressed in ways that make ... jung discusses how te at it's extremes uses only facts and begins to deny the self while the ti rejects facts and begins to take on the motto i think therefore i think . jung then goes on to speak ... at first thought i would say no due to different situations requiring different cognitive process types to attain different types of information . if this is the case perhaps it would be useful for us ... what do they do to alleviate the boredom ? do they get stuck in a rut ? how does each attempt to break out of the rut ? would you say ni is the most symbolic function of them all but also the deepest one ? the reason i say deepest is because introverted sensing stops at the sensation itself and then looks ... why do you say that ? title . sorry i didnt put more effort into this first post . now see i do the same thing but i think i'm ti-ne . what is the difference when the judging function is dominant vs the perceiving functions in these scenarios ? this sounds like a judging function rather than a perception function to me tbh . an ni dom user would probably enjoy ni activities in a nuanced combination with it's other functions ( based on positions ) , but if we isolate each function what would each enjoy ? what does using ti ... i need to clarify this question . the answers i am seeking aren't the activities themselves , but the reasoning for why they enjoy the activities . in other words , an estp likes golf probably for ... how do expectations of others differ between fi and fe . when would fe be frustrated by the behavior of others for not meeting their expectations and when would fi ? e real quick before i look at that , something that i do is i slowly develope a world model over time . if shown logic that shows my opinion was wrong i will very quickly ditch that opinion and ... yeah i figured it might be a possible xxxj tbh . i do relate more to intp , but when i do find things i want i seem to push for them very quickly which sometimes makes me wonder if an ntj . the problem ... 1 : in order to the gain the most out of life , you believe one should ... a ) . adhere to the values that one or the environment hold dear . b ) . take part in the world and enjoy the now . c ) . freely ... i think it relates to a compulsion to interact with things for the physical stimulus it gives , or interacting with things because of the potential possibilities that are within the idea of the object . nah , ya'll make discussion unbearable . the number of questions in this comment . it's like an intp just placed in their thought process of looking out for possibilities lmao to start off , i'm pretty sure i'm an intp . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life ... does the freedom that comes from having no purpose not equal that out ? precisely . the tedium i think is the more important one out of those two as tedium implies boredom which is the true plague . things being pointless wouldnt matter if you enjoyed them . exactly how i feel . nothing is really that challenging and nothing is really particularly interesting . no emotional motivation anywhere . the plight of some intps ? it's frustrating too because i ... did you ever solve your problem ? i know the post is old , sorry lynway santa gloss hey thanks for your replies . i really enjoyed reading them and appreciated the help . i think it may be why i never feel inspired by anything too . perhaps i'm so afraid of ... my bad , seems i didn't really put my point explicitly in my point . i was actually hoping to get insight into how other intps on this forum have overcome their logical ... compulsion ? it is the ... emotional history referred to - people ignoring what i say as being wierd or out of place , people laughing at my sense of taste or saying they dislike it . a combination of those two has lead to me ... ne : all about seeing objective possibilities in the world . example would be a person seeing a steel pipe and thinking of using it to support something , using it in a water system to direct the water ... '