' ahahaha yeah is there a tl ;d r version of this npff ? :) infp and intj infp because i have a very weak j , and i'm not emotionally expressive around people unless i feel comfortable with them . i am not much of an fe-goer . intj cuz i am heavy on the ni ... i don't think there is anything unhealthy with that . you're trying to communicate . i tend to only do this when i'm close to someone . with most people , when i feel misunderstood ( often ) , i just ... edit : double post sorry haha . maybe if i don't have to talk to them ... :D spending one-on-one time with someone that i really connect with interesting ideas / being introduced to new concepts that resonate with me spending time in nature hanging out with animals i have two best friends : my sister ( yes , that counts :P ) , whom i've known all my life . she is entp the other i met on an online forum when i was 17 ( i'm 24 ) and who is enfp . i have trouble making ... well , i normally just lurk here ... not much of a talker . but would like to get a bit more involved so will try to change that . sooo ... hello there lovely infj forum :) ... intj for me please ! i love their dry humour , their intelligence , their creativity , their sensitivity beneath that rugged exterior * drools * :D 1 . when i sense that they have the ability to understand me on a deeper level 2 . when they show me that the understand me on a deeper level 3 . terrific sense of humour 4 . playful teasing :D 5 ... nts are often some of my favourite people . i always feel like we somehow balance each other out . for those of you with nf partners or friends , what do you really love about them ? infp mother intp father edited cuz i'm lame yes , that is the idea behind veganism . the dairy industry is just as cruel as the meat industry and just as environmentally destructive . do you think cows naturally produce milk over and over again ? ... reading art - i'm really interested in classical art and am slowing teaching myself it . i would love to study at an atelier someday , if i can afford it . and of course i also love good art museums ... definitely a visual learner . probably why i'm so drawn to the arts . not auditory or verbal linguistic style . i've come across a fair few posts about both infps and infjs being talented at writing ... brian 1 , have you tried tofu , tempeh , tvp ( textured vegetable protein ) ? these foods all produce the similar feeling of fullness in the stomach . i'm vegan because it's the logical decision to make ... horses aren't easy to draw ... you did a good job . if you want to improve your drawing skills , take a look at andrew loomis . he has some very good books online , especially ' successful drawing ' and ... you don't get social skills by reading about them , you get them by practising them . really , unless your job calls for it , i wouldn't worry about it . the main thing is that you treat people with love ... obviously it's not the only factors , but diet and exercise do play a part . i've mostly cut out gluten from my diet now and i feel so much better for it . i've also been vegan for a number of years now ... enfp , but he's an ambivert . probably as asocial as me really , but talks a lot more ( to me , not other people ) , and definitely has extraverted intuition as his dominant function ! * think mad scientist * ... i've been called the neverending dreamer and also an incredible pessimist , both of which are true . i don't know either . having small communities of people who share the same zeitgeist philosophy , doing outreach , and those communities growing would be a start i've enjoyed reading this thread too . i had never heard of the zeitgeist movement until this thread , and it's been an interesting read , so thanks listener . i don't know a lot on this sort of stuff , ... lost in translation for me please ! alyosha , after the main character in the brothers karamazov , cuz he's awesome . i do things that give me self-respect , like art and music . spending my time doing stuff that means something to me helps . when it feels like wasted time , i start hating on myself . stevie nicks - has anyone ever written anything for you she has such a sexy personality : o i think a fair few infps would fall into the gifted category because i see them as exhibiting the overexciteablities that come with giftedness ( in infps case , i often see them as having emotional and ... my infp mum and her infp friend give off a warm vibe . they are both quite talkative , too . my infp friend gives off a horny vibe . my old infp flatmate gave off a cold vibe . always had a blank ... lurve , baby ! true , in your face , love . after that , self-mastery . my previous infp flatmate got a job cleaning power poles ... lol she was quite amped for it because she was taught how to abseil . however , it involved a lot of training . you could look at ... a lot of what you posted there could be talking about some infps i know . i know a lot of infxs , and i notice a stronger difference between enneagram types and instinctual variants than i do in mbti ... x93to consider yourself an environmentalist and still eat meat is like saying youx 92re a philanthropist who doesnx 92t give to charity . x94 x97 howard lyman , former fourth-generation montana cattle rancher and ... i have three gigantic pimples on my chin . makes me feel sooo sexy . on the bright side , it is saturday , and for the first time since what feels like forever , i have my passion and drive back , and i'm ... my mum is infp and is a total health nut . i've never felt comfortable eating junk food in front of her unless she herself is eating it . she is really skinny , but her natural frame is slim anyway , ... i'm infj but i use fi a lot . also have a very weak j - most people would type me as a p , although my dominant function is definitely ni . i'm not one of those warm infj types , and i doubt most people ... i could live with myself ( i am pretty mellow afterall ) but i don't think i would find it very interesting . i want connection but i want the person to come at things from a different angle , or if the ... i too will sometimes tell people that i'm introverted , although i am sometimes too shy to say that i'm shy . but it does often tend to help if you can manage telling people that . my sister is an entp ... when you look into his eyes and you see him seeing you <3 jerseydevil and laurachanelle , that is very sweet and inspiring :D soul mate killer ! ! ! :P do you believe in soul mates ? i don't know if i call it soul mates , but i definitely believe that each person only has one true love . the rest are false . why ? because the thought of it is the ... i wish i was as assertive as you . btw , that dream was not reflective of my desires ;) not into threesomes lol recently , i crashed the night on the floor of a friend's place , with my parents and a guy i've come to know a bit ( and have a wee bit of a crush on ) . i'm not normally in the situation where i share a ... * trichotillomania recoveree ( kind of i guess ) , but i still love pulling out hair . i don't pull out the hair on my head anymore ( thank goodness ) , but i friggin love waxing , plucking my eyebrows , ... lala ... ( won't lemme quote pic cuz i'm a noob ) haha , damn , infp look ! ;) you look like luna lovegood . also , i stalk people on this forum , even though i don't know them . well not stalk stalk . just looking at some of their posts . the people who interest me . sorry for being a creep :D once my course finishes , i'm going travelling around the world . even though i can't wait to see some of the world , my biggest hope of it will be that somehow , i'll stumble across that special ... '