' yeah i don't apologize nor comply in agreement because i feel thst it wouldn't help and even worsen things in the long run . if thry aren't like that i would be more open to be vulnerable but last ... kirjuri and crimson ash thank you for the advice . distance is exactly what i opted to do right now . temporarily getting away from all these as it's really draining . crimson ash , yeah the two ... what to do when you want to be with your family but they have so many issues ? they are emotionally very dramatic and reactive , with distorted sense of morality and blaming . i can't believe what ... gaah , i don't even know how to start process this all . family disfunctional stuffs surfacing when you least expected it , triggered by some minor stuffs . why is everyone reacting in such grand scale ? ... it's hard to get her to interest more in learning if her parents have a negative attitude towards it . i guess that many of us are familiar with how studying is often associated as pure responsibility ... actually by law in my country the employer has to ensure that the employee must either take all the vacations or get paid of the vacation value in cash . vacations here are also paid and are 22 days ... yes . time off is really valuable and important and many might not realize that they are burning out until it becomes really bad . it's not only bad for sanity but also health . and the recovery might ... try to find meaning and fun in order to feel that you are really enjoying and looking forward to your tasks . this is the first and most important step . then figure out how to rest efficiently ... i guess that if you have tried talking to them but they stopped communicating then there's nothing you can really do . otherwise it's about mutually trying to be understanding , empathetic , listenning ... wen i picked my bsc in computer cience degree - because picking a degree is expected , because i didn't have any particular interest so i picked this coz i liked computers ( did not know what was ... lol i guess it depends . when guys start with boys club kind of talk ( sex , women , you know , boys stuffs ) then it can feel a bit like sausage fest . i confess that i don't feel 100 % at ease so most of ... xd it's good to have things so simple one does not have to put on much effort to learn how to use . it's great if tools are intuitive and easy to save time . the problem is when one is supposed to know ... my issue was that i couldn't see the point and interest in learning what i was learning back then . i had difficulty in integrating with other classmates and ended up skipping theoretical classes , and ... lolz where do guys like you spawn from . xd thanks for the compliment ! : kitteh : our marriage is far fom perfect and i'm certainly not the perfect wife , with so much still to learn . i hope that you'll find someone and then do come visit ... yeah unfortunately his manager knows nothing at all , even thought he is supposed to . he has a degree from some private university ( not sure if finished ) but somehow he barely worked with technical ... i can relate to this in some way . after high school i've got into computer science degree , then first year i only did half the subjects , second year barely anything , then the next years put efforts ... actually in portugal a degree is at a very accessible price . public ones are around 1k € per year . private ones usually around 200 € something per month which is just double . minimum wage is around ... we are going through a big evolution in the past few decades , from not having computers nor smartphones to the common use of devices and internet . so many people , specially older ones , are not very ... i can relate to your situation in a way . studying was never a big issue for me so i might lack of discipline when compared to others who actually had to put more effort . it was when i was at the ... from waht i could understand , does it mean you actually arrived at your current course easily because you have an easy time with studies ( never needed much effort ) but now you feel like you are just ... infjs always has energy to fight ... as long as it's for defending the unfairly treated ones . and it's more cruel to have to drown them with the spoon rather than drown them right away . :( infj dog would not proactively lick someone . they'd observe from afar and lick if the person approaches in a friendly manner . a diplomatic tail wag might happen but nothing too joyous . that joyous ... thing is , a manager doesn't need to know much about each team role's expertise but he or she should at least have a good idea and what they need , what are the geenral hardships and issues and how he ... welcome to portugal's snob culture of pedigrees . :P as a fellow portuguese i get what you said . thought i'm for people getting degrees because here it often makes a difference as to opening doors to ... i rarely get vulnerable towards someone because i hardly trust . i don't consider venting as being vulnerable , but rather allowing someone else know something about me that i feel uncomfortable or ... autumnleaves said it all . really , live your life the way you want because at the end of the day you're the one walking it . explore the alternatives that are most to your liking then go and chase what ... what are you talking about ? it's just a button after all . * trigger * xd actually there are non technical background managers who can do a great job , the problematic ones are the ones unwilling to ... personally i feel that i've always lived in my own world as well . while other people seemcapable of knowing what's happening around the , and in the world , i seem to not pay much attention . news , ... i'm struggling with conflicting feelings right now . at the same time i just want to postpone dealing with them . i'm currently resenting my parents and younger sibling , and distanced myself from ... i've answered something similar which is that i'm often too focused that i really dislike interruptions . being a programmer , this is a big pet peeve . the interviewers were happy with the answer , ... the i'm a perfectionist answer is so used that experienced recruiters can smell this bs lol . :P yes , the straightforwardness and emotional stability are great . :) he can also devote himself despite feeling tired or emotionally negative ( but no drama ) . having dealt with emotional people who are ... prepare for a crazy experience . xp what is the nature of the relationship you have in your mind ? friendship ? romantic ? family ? i'm and infj married to my istj husband and we've been together for a ... in my career as a programmer i also tend to be tested and interviewed in different ways in the later interviews . and in some i've failed miserably too . i remember how horrible i did in my first ... i'm feeling very upset over something . it's not doing me any good . all this toxicity ; i should distance myself from it . it's just so tiresome . no , i'm not a saint and i feel angry about it . i ... gratitude is indeed a great gift . :) i try to remind myself of it often and it brings happiness to remember all the good things and luck we have . sometimes it's important to just do that , to stop a ... in my case i guess that there's healthy balance because while i like being nice and helpful / caring , i do avoid being too much . i analyse ( ni-fe style lol ) how the other person perceives me , if they ... some time ago my younger brother who started working recently asked me and my husband to help him with a loan ... for a gaming console . it'd be 20 € a month for 2 years , we'd pay it each month while ... even so , double the time . then when manager says it's too much and ask if you can shorten it , shorten by the extra time you secretly added while showing uneasiness and say that will be very hard but ... i probably depends on the country and the company selecting the candidates . but then sometimes different universities has different reputations due to their quality - how good e teachers are , how ... ah , this is a classic topic about estimates ! estimates in programming and software engineering is hard and really a rocket science . because so many things might go wrong or take extra time to do , and ... i'm employed and to me , work life balance would be the possibility to switch off from work related stuffs when i'm out of work . this means no extra hours of work nor contacting me to work outside ... why is a troll being engaged ? once in an office i was in a glass room full of programmers while the managers were outside . while the programmers were quiet and focused on their work , the managers where often chatty , happy , plays ... did you mean that by helping them it might hinder their learning so it feels wrong ? maybe we do hinder their learning , or maybe it was actually what's needed to help them learn , who knows ? i ... loop assumptions xd but personally i have to disagree with the last phrase - why should we necessarily blame the victim ? if someone develops trust issues because they were hurt by someone else ... you might have made lots of research of your own about thought patterns behind reincarnation . but yet without knowing about the thought patterns behind my case , you made lots of assumptions about my ... it seems that there is a lot of projection on what you think i believe even if many of them are actually untrue for me . just because someone believes in part of buddism , like reincarnation , doesn't ... '