' don't know , over the edge sometimes ... it is called an adventure ? it is total bullshit . haha . done it year years ago , the hand though took weeks to heal so a few bruises might have been less painfull route . oh , well it is those snap moments , when someone gets me over no too much efford ... no .. it is hilarious to read all sorts of stuff people write here like the typing of actors , celebrities , fictional boogeymans , plants , animals and each other . plus follow when the people that are on ... oh , well i'm here now . i have not much to say ... just search for milkpaint if you like to go traditional . haha i look this thread up next month or so . : th_sur : murdock + 1 johnnyyukon why you mentioned me now i need to reply something . for capacitor discussion and that all caps would dry is nonsense , since only electrolytic ones ( iirc there might have been some oil ... hey i used to do it right as a kid ! :P i rather use ni-mh aa battery powered headlights , li-ions are too pricey for the pros gained as they are still under heavy development and aren't as standardized as normal ni-mh aa which you can ... you are both wrong . this is the ultimate can stove design i've seen . some other apes species think also rather emotionally and deeply , iirc some of the interspecies language studies have proven that and how we do know what kind of philosophies dolphins have . spiders ... make a 800 miles solo canoe trip . 450 grams of virgin veg oil makes roughly 3500 kcal . easy . ;) make workouts and live in freezer so you could easily pump the energy consumption to 5500 + + kcal per day . hell yeah , i lift while i'm not your bro or nigga i lift . ... a beer bottle to me more precise . i'm average by numbers idk tho haven't put a lot work behind those . geometry , trigonometry , vectors , some of the series theory and laplace transforms were my favourites . else nah , boring and the ... both . more homebody these days as no new places to roam nearby and / or no more friends with similar interest ( kids and marriage etc . makes people useless ) . you are so cute when angry - axel foley i would light up my bbq and sharpen my knives . free meat and free beer from local supermarket . give a clear and reliable facts of the product . give a good warranty . give it at cost effective price . give me time to read the papers and they should be clear language without the hairy legal we ... so his personality is xxx in mayer & briggs what then ? thx to this thread i just picked-up pascal again for a first time of about 15 years . downloaded the freepascal ( write and compile everywhere style of thing ) and testing examples from learn pascal in ... nah , you are doing it wrong . just pick a type that you like and if someone says you are not that type just politely tell them that the door is at that direction . the types aren't that rigid anyway as ... hm .. i'm also one of those who have basic skills of many languages , but no really deep on any ( ok i have rather deep in two ) my programming language history goes something like this : jp software ... the original book of where the jason bourne stories are based is good . not too deep etc . but not straight forward as one might think based on the movies . the other bourne based books are more hit ... you realize you are still acting like a grumpy shithead which proves my point is still valid . do you also realize that yours style of posting is annoyingly similar to the style of writing of the ... haha brilliant pictures . i especially liked the one with the e trying to force the dude out of his buble . made me think of my cousin when we are drinking and i fall my thoughs . glyphs oh , shut ... weird .. no . eccentric . more cool , but no . have you ever looked up the normal people they are freakin weirdos .. not me . for that kind of more specific answer you need to have someone who is more familiar of the system in your part of the world . my previous post applies still in general level . there is also a huge ... in the time this great and holy pseudoscience called mbti were figured out engineers were actually doing something . these days for majority it is just sitting in front of computer and hanging on the ... nah u took it too seriously . they are stories of the time when all knowledge and wisdom were transfered around evening fires . like northern star , the center of the sky the hunter is chasing his prey ... . why didn't i read that a few years ago .. i underline every word . i'm going to read another degree at autum .. let see now i have plan to make fast moves if i notice i'm studying something i don't have ... mental masturbation ... a new phrase i learned today and definedly i / we do not like it too much or see any real purpose of it . you sound like mrs . know it all with need of this mental masturbation ... freedom no question that is it . freedom to stop when something interesting is happening . freedom of do sport . freedom from unfinished businesses . freedom to think in work . freedom to act as it is ... ! i have higly visual memory there ain't many feelings .. none if i think now .. i can't say it's snapshot or plain movie clip style of image more like image with multiple layers of matrix code as ... hmm .. peanuts .. yes something like that happens , but only in the focusing part . i don't think this is type related more like a common thing ( stress and overthinking / doing / trying relief ) . i'm better in ie . fast ... datamining ... :P i do just that too , not that i always come any good crystal clear results ... there is always some pieces of information missing . :) ps .. ten minutes later ... i found myself ... mbti a system that tries to put 6 billion inviduals to 16 boxes .. somehow istp , but as the theory sais is up to you to figure it out . being thinker doesn't mean you don't have feelings they just aren't the first thing you use when living your daily life . no newer played . i much more enjoy making somethimg in the real world or with solidwork / autocad .. fps and driving simulators are whole another cup of tea tho . one thing i don't get where is the missing 8 functions . way of piecefull warrior no matter if someone says it is bs . in many ways it is still studying of inferior functions like other philosophical nonsense . they are philosophical yes , but the more they ... by far not a freakin ninja , but i have really good reflexes . which is n't a good thing always like when dropping ie . kitchen knifes of the table ( un organization while working ) i once or twice picked ... sporalogy is the next big thing . :) these are written in style that everyone can pick the parts to suit their own mindset the best . in perc no , in the internet maybe , in the real life yes . i think so . poo monkeys tho could manage to drive us nuts . hell i really would be that teacher who would be the main character of myths of the school and every new student would wet their pants . on ... this is escalating interestingly . where is my popcorns und beer . so there isn't readers below of age 20 at perc ? many of the responces to this thread tell other . so if you get upset and feel ... personality type arrogance is blinding . and where , socrates smiled , is the universe ? here all around us . replied the warrior . and lived happily to the end . first part is kind of the 5 whys tool . could be interesting book to ... '