' if i'm uncertain about something then it means i am subconsciously ( or consciously ) abiding to a set of rules , be it a gut feeling , which tells me when not to be certain . but i would say i only ... my dream was yet another moment by the shore extended for hours . i was just standing there observing and doing fucking nothing . it wasn't boring though . maybe it means wanting to become one with the ... i would smoke anything if i wouldn't be addicted . what if life was actually a whole smoking session , would you call yourself an addict ? i mean i think you can call yourself an addict if you have some ... well that's because you may be taking language literally ... bdmtss ? you can never precisely convey thoughts using language , if you can then those thoughts aren't yours to begin with ; you can try ... by forming a contract with the devil for the sake of asking how not to waste my life wouldn't people deciding what's fit instead of other factors in nature be contradictory to natural selection ? maybe not so because in a way , we acknowledge people as factors as well . if that's the ... something like this but not this . is this related to gluenko's model g , a tad ? there seems to be a lot of models out there , even some neuropsychology stuff . maybe every once in a while , there's some improv going on . almost like ... this makes a lot of sense ( at least to me ) as an intp , i'm always bombarded with a sense of knowing and i'm clueless as to how i got it . i try to set this stimulus aside before it paralyzes me but ... is this a venting thread ? first of all , i can see why people would throw stones at me , i am an immature troll at times and i'm learning to change that . but outside the internet , it isn't what i'm ... mbti is just another cash-cow , astrology bs , but jung's explication of the cognitive functions , molded by psychology concepts and observation ( that is perception and judgment are either objective or ... sweetie , you need nutella . pizza from brooklyn , yes those are delicioso ! and don't forget , wireless headphones ! there's also this sleep calculator app that records your sleep cycle and tells you the ... you find dramatic people going gaga over little things funny you find - finding dramatic people going gaga over little things funny - funny you find - finding , finding dramatic people going gaga over ... wait what ... he is ? ? ? woooaww ! ! ! what i was trying to say was there's a trope among fictional characters with certain personality . they are almost always invincible . maybe it's the uncaring part ... alice is that one well-grounded dreamer . this bafm was just trying to relate to the clouded principles of a mislaid reality . i've always thought every functions are exhibited in an individual . one ... the fact that i have three istj friends like him and that the characteristics of istj written in the - kidding ! yes he doesn't seem like an intp . intps depart from the facts , ensuring logic concedes ... sure ! intps would prefer the complex dubstep genre while intjs would prefer the metaphorical rap genre i think to better understand the situation , we need to replace the monalisa with something more fit and discernible . how about an advancing alien tech . in a perspective , we can come up with a ... just because i'm introverted , intuitive , perceiving and a thinker doesn't mean i'm an intp . hahahaahaha : laughing : intjs are very human inside and they're aware of this that's why they deviate from it . they don't really come off as robotic to me . they're more like brilliant power rangers inside giant robots . it ... intps are pretty distant with feelings and giving shit but whenever i lose projection of the scattered pollution , i do this . it's as if my thoughts aren't mine . i'm not even me anymore , i'm just ... the key to saitama's power is his personality . it is the only unique thing with saitama , and it's being smothered in our face . someone who's as carefree and 4d as saitama is literally going to ... njs never don't listen . if ever , it's because they deem the subject unnecessary . they downplay exploration to move on , that's a reason . but when nps have an idea , expect that they won't listen unless ... i had to burn my ears over the gushes of tomorrow because deep down i know what's coming next deep down i know i'd lose myself and i'm afraid the mist would bare its roads along the grounds of my ... the painting serves to inspire and bring about change in others ; but it being momentously frozen sets an imagery that is bound to have entropy . the slightest leaps in perspective can dim its essence ... * xntp oh wait ... * esfj , pretty on point . i once talked to an intp who hold severe grudges against religion . the guy wanted me to circlejek with him about it , must have been his favorite subject . but my inner troll was seeking to test the ... may i add to that cheesy plot and dialogue yes . that's what i was trying to say , i just got confused . forgive me that's not how cognitive theory works darling . there must first be something to study before you can study it . i think therefore i am . people don't hold blueprints for cognitive functions . ni ... i was fondling with your theories of how intjs can become intps with fi . it is difficult to translate ni into words so to everyone who's still trying to understand ni , i suggest you try using it first in this case , you'll have to venture out of your cognitive ... having fi , unconscious or not , doesn't relate to having ni-te at all . it is human nature to hate or love a specific creed but to be aware of this is on a completely different note . an intp won't be ... i was asking if intps experience ni-te and of course this would mean not being an intp , i wouldn't ask does your cat ever bark ? but instead i would ask do you ever let go of the cat in exchange ... preach it girl ! then they unleash their logic on you and the sad part is it isn't even in tune with reason . the more you make sense , the more they don't . i suggest just ride along their bullshit ... ni abrogates ti because introverted judging functions seek accuracy and therefore must analyze first . this is reasonable because it would be frustrating to connect patterns if you don't know what ... sure thing , an entp can appear like an entj or accomplish things an entj typically would but it doesn't mean they have the same cognitive functions . si senor , no habla ingles . i spit out rough and destitute words for it is not my mother tongue , good sir ... and boy did it work ! i found my questions annoying and undeserving of response so i ... : tongue : please you explain further ( sorry ) i think the difference between an intj's te and an intp's te is that the intp's te is derived from his inner arguments , sharpened by accuracy . einstein was just confident with his theory because ... are you aware that you'r ni-te ing ? is it some sort of adrenaline rush ? i don't know if he's trolling or btw , ni . for me , ni is watching yourself relate the unrelated . you gain a careful insight of how things should play out by twisting and patterning the scene in ... do you guys ni-t ( i / e ? ) sometimes ? me and my infj friend have a master-apprentice relationship . it just feels natural , but i don't know . is it weird ? have you had any relationship like that with someone ? it was an instant click actually . she was enthusiastically speaking about things to my friend and then went to being quiet , that's one factor i took notice of . there's also this vibe about her and ... as an emotional person , saying feelings are nothing but rash behavior is hurtful but meh ... okay , the only thing that separates the two is what they're on about . but needles to say , they both desire ... of course ne . having ni aux is more of an istp thing . 1 . ) have a mutual friend , preferably his best friend , this is how me and an infj friend clicked . but you'll find me more outgoing than intps . 2 . ) if we find your thoughts and conversations ... '