' yeah . you say you primarily value people who contribute to society . you seem to have this all for the greater good concept , floating in head-space , which smacks of altruism . you don't care ... ... sup ? i got nothing . you inspirers are a cultic , manipulative lie , believed in by empty , untalented fanatics , which instead of developing their own identities , choose to shirk personal responsibility , for a world others ... an estp in her istj shadow ? nope not a fan of these imbedded videos . prefer the hyperlinks . i want to know your 1 ) type , your 2 ) opinion of napoleon before and after watching this debate , and your 3 ) opinion of his legacy before and after . then ... try a dog . social : rooster independent : the eagle and the hawk tell an adult . you've got nothing to prove . as soon as you get a reputation for yourself , there's somebody waiting to bust you for your rep . it just makes for a bad way , to get in fights all the ... echo post 3 , here . and yes , my type has changed three times , each time correlating with changes in my environment and knowledge . my type isn't my rock , so these changes aren't critical to my ... i came out of the asvab with score enough for the navy's nuclear program . i think em nuclear's the mos / rating . i never practiced for the test and never took it before . will talk to the navy monday . i ... entj , my equal . my brother . we just click . we're each about to go our own way , and i'm glad i met him early in life . intp - remember the name an outcast reboot is up on kickstarter . they're the team leads who made the original that released in 99 . i'd been following open outcast with mild anticipation , but this is exciting news . at least ... string theory - is this pseudo science or real : code found in superstring - physics stack exchange motörhead . i found hawkwind , thanks to lemmy . i found ufomammut a couple years ago , and i loved their sound then . now i'm seldom in the mood where it affects me . right now , my recruiter's telling me the tentative date to ship-out for boot camp is next april . you've got plenty of time to get fit . i'm going to wait and see what's available , before i finally ... my glasses , slippers , stetson , and a wool blanket when i'm at home or chilling with my nigga . i don't understand how to shop for nice clothes , or where to find them , but i know what is good . i tend ... zardoz master and commander by patrick o'brian  i don't think daniel's the villain at all . he's a tragic hero ( a hero doesn't need to be good or likable ) . the villains were the afterbirth of lying priest and the ... i'm going to the meps nearest where i live tomorrow . this is the first of probably two visits . my recruiter's been real . its been a good experience . i have a goal , when i wake up or work out , which ... when your girl cuts her toe off , but you don't get your million , hey , remember , you're a nihilist . disgust maybe confusion is a better word i never finished learning how to ride a bicycle . my old boss called me mr . magoo a few times . if that counts . i thought i had better places to be than the present . still thinking of one ... call of cthulhu : dark corners of the earth i'm still in innsmouth , after the cop took my booze .  edward elgar , enigma . witness rapture . if she ever insists her parents meet you , and their body language gives you the uncomfortable sense they're looking down on you , and she doesn't stand beside you when she introduces you to them , stay ... mark 9:24 lord i believe , help my unbelief ! that's been the theme of my religion for the last 4 years . go on smoke breaks with them , if you're not averse to smoking , and get to know them . darwin wrote about this : anyhoo , the only istp i can type raised his eyebrows a lot , when he was arguing from ... holmes is an architect . he's remembered mostly for deductive logic , but the other half of holmes ' genius was stringing unrelated clues together - out of thin air - when deduction alone failed . that ... video games : wasteland 2 torment : tides of numenera pillars of eternity fallout 4 ( 2015 ? ) movies : mad max : fury road ( 2015 ) interstellar i'm trying to understand economy and personal property , so i'm reading the noblest triumph by tom bethell . i read the etymology online dictionary for fun . i'm a kuyperian calvinist in a southern baptist church . i'll have to read birthright . its reviews at amazon sound fun . costner sacrifices himself to save a dog , rather than stay with his son . who evidently , going by the argument they had in the car , needs his pop's guidance . so for this monumental selflessness , ... the last movie i watched was charlie wilson's war . that was about 3 weeks ago . i began as a bully . then , after moving in middle school , losing my friends and turning into a fat recluse , i was the bullied . of course , i'd say justice went a little too far , but that's ( mostly ) the ... will do . cowboy bebop the office john adams the twilight zone firefly sherlock holmes ( granada ) arkhaion - awakening the antediluvian ( dark ambient ) sons of bill - far cry from freedom ( country , but the whole album strings together in an ode ) aerosmith - toys in the attic i like cities with a claustrophobic , old downtown and university campus . as long as there's hill country i can reach in 10 minutes , and good pub , i can survive any city . 2 years ago , i quit my job ... '