' i start a lot of threads like this with curiosity but too many people seem to want to jump to conclusions or accept other opinions without reviewing the evidence . this is kind of sad . maybe ... will come over and cut some onions ? i think i'm a cynic . this bothers me . i need to move on but my heart has been beat up so much over the years i can't even admit to myself that i'm looking for a connection . i know they're ... all you really have is your body . your body is you and when that's gone it's only a matter of time before you're lost to history . to say your body is meaningless is just to be meaningless as a ... clearly . it's only going to be permanently embedded into your skin . i consistently test as intj . i have adhd - recently diagnosed actually . this is my first week on vyvanse with a really low dosage and there is already a noticeable difference . i only blurt out dick ... i saw this on an intj facebook group ... 170562 really ? you're going to let 4 letters define who you are ? is being an intj that much of an accomplishment ? is that something to be proud of ? ... funny story ... when we were driving back from gravenhurst , we stopped by a farm to get some strawberries . when we get back in the car my mom was like why didn't you talk to that girl ? did you see ... why is it that when i get really drunk at a club i like to leave by myself , find food , and talk to every stranger that passes by ? a ) you don't maintain an email account specifically for the receiving of junk mail ? b ) our society benefits from social media . while there is a lot of stupidity on it , nothing is sacred . things that ... this is a pretty good read ... although i stop after a couple paragraphs to do something else like post this here . about half way done now . the adhd personality : its cognitive , biological , and ... that's it ? just six curious people ? i lose my keys at least 4 times a week ... depends on how many different blazers / overcoats / jackets i wear . i'm just lucky i'm a logical person so that limits the number of places it could be and i ... tooboku helping friend back things into her car after a birthday picnic ... friend is a little giddy as her crush gave her flowers . friend : [ tooboku ] , i have some advice for you . when you go on a ... i enjoy beer with my meals . i consider myself somewhat of a connoisseur . i do have a sense of when i've had enough and don't get wasted often . probably once or twice a year if even that . i keep my ... heheheheh ... so i've been reflecting a lot as well ... a lot of people with adhd suffer from substance abuse . they are more likely to take up smoking and experiment with drugs . i quit smoking in january but ... saw a new doctor today . a bit out of the way but my dentist is pretty far away too . he seemed alright and he said he was willing to take me on as a patient . he asked all the questions i expected ... go here . do the questionnaire . post your results . find some trends . intj only you'll screw some of us up who are looking for trends . go start a thread for your own type ... yes , i would consider the evidence but that is also a very arrogant way to say that she will definitely change her mind again . one would hope that might be true but this was the final nail in the ... my memory is weird . it's not that i don't remember things . they get lost in the soup unless there's an emotional connection . i remember the stupidest things about girls i've been interested in which ... yeah for sure . i'm just trying to see how likely it is . it would explain a lot though . i'm looking for a gp that can recommend me to a specialist . every quiz i've tried says it's likely . i think i might have to see a doctor about this . quiz it's been 30 minutes . this is how much i have written . i've been distracted . i has now been 45 minuts and i still don't know where to start . my question is in the thread title . i don't know how ... i've been dealing with high stress levels since september . my problems are chicken shit compared to what you've been through this year . i wasn't growing at work . we took on a long term project and my ... that's not how you convince someone of your side , man . i never pushed what i believed on to anyone and the same should be expected for people who don't believe . we're all free to think what we want ... at this moment i'm in a faith crisis . i made a friend a while ago who grew up pentecostal just like me . we had everything in common but i was so happy that the way we looked at faith was really ... i don't want to like this but i do . the more it hurts , the more i smile ... i might have to just fuck it all and try to win her back over one day . so i signed up for a gym membership today . the questionaire asked why i visited the gym . my answer was stress cardiomypathy for some reason i thought i could still be friends with someone ... if the you of five years ago would not consider the you of today a heretic , you are not growing spiritually . - attributed to thomas merton i feel like i grew as a person yesterday . i'm pretty proud of myself for it . corgi on a carousel - youtube i wrote a poem a while ago ... untitled poem by tooboku the battle was over , the battle was lost to win one heart over , his own was the cost for this lonely warrior , no prize has been won ... it is indeed sugar . btw : anyone know how long it usually takes ? i think i may have swiped through every single profile in toronto ... so having started this on monday , you think something would ... i've been addicted to tinder lately . it's friggin ' hilarious ! i found like eight people from work ! hahahaha ! you gals think i can get likes with this ? 9373593733 9373693737 93738 why ? tell me , cosmos . why ? as if you delibrately want to forever curse me with involuntary abstinence . seriously , i was walking home from work and there she is in the laundromat , the cutest ... this is not good . i log into facebook and see a picture with girl i've not talked to in a while ( but has constantly been on my mind anyway because like feelings ) . she is with her roomie and is ... so i rsvp'd for a work party quite some time ago but the girl i was going to bring ended up dislocating her knee and stuff . it's a pretty good reason not to got but i won't lie , i don't think she ... i was just about to post a comment about how i don't like what i turn into when i fall for someone . it's not the level-headed-in-control-stoic-cool-laid-back-calm-collected-edgy persona that i'm used ... i can respect that . if you can't accept her faith , then you don't accept everything she is . move on . i crossed the threshold . i am happy . it's not that bad ... it actually feels the same . 30 is the new 20 .. except you're experienced and shit . so being one of the last birthday celebrants of my cohort , i get to see all my friends turn 30 and cry their eyes out . i thought all this comforting others thing was going to prepare me for this but ... we have so many stickies ... besides ... like our emotions , they're really only discovered by those patient , persistent , and interested enough without having to pry or force them out of us . ( ie ... it's been a while since i've used this thread facility to defacate these feels from my heart bowel ... i'm kind of feeling it hard right now but i should have been better at guarding myself . this ... oh i'm sorry . having an iq of 150 + is not rare at all . in fact , i walk down the street and every other person that blames their anti-social tendencies on mbti is a near genius . like ... where did all ... lol ... there has been a lot of discussion about facebook and how there is no privacy . the meaning of privacy has changed . at least if you have facebook , you can vet that what ever information ... i know that feeling ... where your life is nothing but work , sleep , and not going out so you're not too tired for work . i even prefer to stay in but socially it's not progressive . there's little bit ... i hate it when you say ' i told you so ' '