' those are the 3 names i usually see given to infjs on the internet . the best i can do is the empathizer ... but that might be better suited to other fe types . this is making me doubt my status as an infj rather than an enfj again ... i know for a fact i am xnfj but it seems no matter how much i study the differences in functions i'm not sure if i'm ... i think it's been referred to here that there are both ni-leaning infjs and fe-leaning infjs , because the dominant and auxiliary functions can show alternating preference without flipping the actual ... this is common for n's , i think . for me , i don't have the woody allen complex where i dislike all of my finished work , but some things i imagine in my head ( like imaginary tv series ) will either ... mike birbiglia ( based on his my girlfriend's boyfriend special ) bumping this thread for helping me discover the kisa.ca test . while everything that's been said about the problems with mbti tests is true , this is the first one to not mistake me for enfj in a while ... enfj , hardcore . it's something that still bugs me because i really don't know if i use ni over fe , but i lean more introvert than extrovert . this is an animation i made recently called ant story . i try not to worry about how i look ( other than how i smell and dress ) because i'm pretty ugly but i am a lot more emotional than most men , i guess . i'm a hardcore f : 90 % of the time , all i wanna ... intangible : maybe this is tangible , but never being financially stable due to my phobia of drudgery . tangible : violence . thanks ... i guess i'm infj then . i know . i'm just unclear which one recharges me more as i'm more borderline i / e than definite on the spectrum . looking at the function orders , i feel that my se is more inferior than my ti , so ... that's a good question . to be honest , i'm not sure if i recharge from positive social interaction or positive alone time - - that is the main difference between extroverts and introverts , right ? i ... interesting ... i guess i can see that . i have super strong empathy for people i know but when it comes to terrible things in the world like animal abuse and whatnot it's hard for me to feel the ... i think infp may actually be the natural partner of the infj . quality time words of affirmation physical touch acts of service receiving gifts just found out the possibly-isfp girl i had a small ( although romanticized ) crush on is gay . oh well ! now i'm starting to think i might have feelings for an infp girl i'm closer friends with . ... i'm biased toward f girls , haha . is there any particular reason an infj would be drawn to ixfps ? i like them a whole lot . ignoring the already stated and obvious fact that mbti shouldn't really be used for choosing your relationships ... is there any particular reason an infj would be drawn to ixfps ? i like them a ... this make a living problem is what has plagued humanity for a long time . we see all these stories about people who try to make a living doing something they like and failing . even the least ... just wondering if this is common , or a sign i'm not really an infj . when i read the different descriptions and functions i'm still more infj than anything else , but i've been enjoying & seeking out ... how much time do i have two lines gone three lines gone should i just keep socializing or pursue my career will pursuing my career be as fun as socializing or be less fulfilling eight lines ... to write for tv comedies ... it seems like a silly job anyone could land but it actually takes a lot of hustle and you pretty much have to live in los angeles to do it ... which as someone who lives a ... you're a nice person . usually f and i like me . other than that , no correlation . you've been thrown around the universe you've survived ( art by me as well ) inspired by a real experience of mine . my dream job is to write well for a good sitcom but i'm 18 right now , i have a 2 year general college degree & a diploma but no real career path yet , besides writing a lot of stuff that unfortunately ... the stars lit us up . my socks wet with grass , we laughed . i felt close to you , however new you were . am i looking too often ? getting late . time to go . i love writing . i've actually recently started a youtube comedy channel with a friend to practice my writing & video-making abilities . this is the first video i co-wrote : ... storm love won't ever fade as long as it's arranged under our storm . and i won't go away here's to you i'll say when your heart is torn . me and a friend used it in a song : ( me singing ) this is from a picture book i made and published . it's innocent and silly so it'll probably cheer you up . off-beat , low-key , usually very g-rated . i would never use toilet humor but i enjoy it occasionally . i enjoy both 90 ' s-simpsons-style-dry-wit and childrens-hospital-style deadpan silliness . i enjoy singing and i think i do a pretty good job of it but only in private . too shy to sing in front of other people . i enjoy drawing ( albeit in my childish , non-realistic style ) but i'm not ... well i guess this puts me in the minority because i'm pretty objectively ugly . i'm working on it but i've never and don't expect to turn any heads any time soon . i don't judge people by how they ... from the soundtrack of the movie punch-drunk love , i actually like it more than the movie itself :P any beach between sunset and night , like my avatar . i'm not even a swimmer , i just like being there . this is a piece of art i did but i was thinking of myself when i did it . yup , i procrastinate too . even if it's something i enjoy doing sometimes , if i don't have to do it at a certain time . i posted this in the hug thread before i saw this one but i think i would prefer it here : i don't like myself . i'm not sure exactly why , but it creates a strong pressure in my heart / chest area ... the tufts of the mat that warms the earth clean speckled toes and retreat , waving goodbye but returning with the salty push of the wind moving stylish leaves on jagged stems with stories of ... i don't like myself . i'm not sure exactly why , but it creates a pain in my heart / chest area that makes it hard to do homework for my online classes . i chose all online classes this quarter because i ... my musical taste is all over the place ( no favorite genre or artist , which makes it really hard to describe what kind of music i like ) , but i guess it's pretty obscure because i find most of my music ... messing around with digital paint . something i whipped up last night . like something from an early - 2000 ' s internet cartoon . i don't know if this counts since i didn't create the original images ( plant and beach ) but i thought it would be fun to try and make it look like the plant belonged in the picture . also i am a big ... whenever i order a pizza i really want to give the delivery person a tip but i feel too awkward to do it . edit : just tipped the pizza delivery person $ 5 . progress ! '