' i like to learn more language . i studied english in the school and i practice it everyday i can . i'm hispanic american , so , for me , it's easy to know other romantic languages ( such as french , ... i recently felt myself like this . but i've never felt like the number 1 and 2 . so , i don't think it's neccesarily a progression . but it's pretty accurate to be honest . indeed . and also , i want people to not see me as a stereotype man .  but the 1 is repeated D; ( - ∞ , ∞ ) , excepting some odd numbers why people keeps talking about histories from the bible as religion ? i'm christian , but i don't like religion at all . the science is the best way to get answers about the physical world , the universe , etc . but i can say for sure the science has not the last word . i usually go through different ways at time to do math's exercises , and also physic's . but it doesn't come to my mind another example now . i just want to say : thank god for my enfp mom ;P i know we do ! i just wanted to extol the fact we have it ! xd anyways , that's my point ! with that superpower you'd be able to read other people's minds and whatever you want as fas as can be analized . gabriel gray a . k . a . sylar , from the american science fiction television drama series heroes , is the main villain . he has a super power called intuitive aptitude . what's that ? it's the ability to ... i'm a friking genius , any problem ? nah , just kidding . well , by majority vote , i am intelligent ( ? ) . but i don't consider myself as intelligent . when you constantly ask what would happen if ... in an odd way . i feel myself like that usually when i'm walking alone and there are people around , and when i'm in the middle of a social activity . i feel like that people is looking at me and laughing or talking ... no problem dude , and i understand . by the way , i didn't read the 45 pages neither , there's no reason to read them xd anyways , i was thinking , the evolutionism shouldn't be considered as the ... picture of mine ? why not ... dude , shut your mouth up ! you're talking too much . the class can't concentrate . - make a phone call - you reproved the grade - do you see that group ? tell them ... - sweep your room - you're going to make a speech front all the school research suggests that 75 percent of suicide attempts are attributable to relationship problems . polar bears : their fur is transparent and their skin is black . i think you're not interested in hearing why i don't believe in evolution . i think you're interested in making a really long debate , which i don't blame you . if i'm wrong , i'm sorry ( i'd not be ... your avatar makes your post cool . xd why are you crying ? you can't judge just for one post . i just made it too simple because i was not going to write all the process of evolution only to say i think that is ridiculous ( after all , i don't want to discuss ... cool means : ( as adjetive ) - very good , excellent . - nonchalant . - fashionable . - used to emphasize a large amount of money . - friends , or at least without animosity . - with debts settled . - ... i already knew that , but thank you anyways . omg ! i got a b on my maths test ! i'm so happy ! ! ! ;D xoxo i usually ignore those people ; it doesn't bother me but , as you said , it's hard to take them seriously . and it is worst in spanish . you're not judging from my view of evolution , you're judging from one post of mine . you can't know how much i know about evolution just for one post , can you ? ; o i'm so sad D; ! a girl just called me idiot ! > 0 < just because i think evolution is just ridiculous are you assuming i don't know about it ? biology teacher ? c'mon , who pays attention to school's teacher ? believe me , i don't talk about anything till ... there is not a righteous man on earth who does what is right and never sins . - ecclesiastes 7:20 i'm telling you that to do not start looking misspellings . got it ? because i know we , intp's , tend to emphasize the misspellings . i like see discussions between religious ( both theists and atheists ) , because they're so close-minded , which make it interesting . anyways , personally , i think evolution is just ridiculous : x ... how to offend me ? i have no idea . english isn't my first language , but it would be right . wait , which discussion ? xd actually , you can . i know xd i was just playing around . i agree with that . but you should consider the science isn't completly objective , isn't always the best way to know the true and biased judgments are always ... ok . ... a method or person is generally considered to be objective when are mind-independentx 97that is , not the result of any judgements made by a conscious entity or subject . between the ... which scientific process ? ... a proposition is generally considered to be objectively true when its truth conditions are mind-independentx 97that is , not the result of any judgements made by a ... indeed the science isn't objetive by the way agreed . the existence of god can't be prooved , neither his inexistence . in some way , i view some people as inferior , in another way , i view myself as inferior . i'm christian , but i'm not a religious . maybe know how everything works . i don't like to read books , unless i want to know something specific from the book . if so , i read quickly until i get what i wanted to know . well , i get between 145 and 150 in the iq's tests . i always got the best grades in the school without effort . anyways , i think we're all genius in some way , in some area . yeah . i'm happy '