' a shoe , a bladder , and a straw went walking one day . when they came to a stream the straw said , bladder , fill yourself with air and let us float across on your back ! the bladder responded , ... a certain wealthy old man retired to the village of his youth . at the same time every day he would take a walk through town . while he was on one of these walks , he happened to pass by the butcher's ... two cows were sitting at the top of a pine tree , knitting mineral water , when half of an crocodile floated by . hello , half a crocodile ! they said . ah ! but i'm the other half ! he responded . i have played both male and female characters in rpg's ( both on - and offline ) since i was a kid . what i've always gone after is , what would make an interesting character ? how can i play them to ... i love walking at night . quiet . space to think and just be . having lived in chicago in a neighborhood that was 3 blocks from cabrini green for a couple of years made some of those walks ... it's all about how you define a party , really . glad i could spark some ideas ! i went through some extreme emotional repression as a kid and a young adult . my mother would , literally , yell and scream at me for hours on end if she thought that i had breathed wrong , looked in ... i don't go out to clubs or dance or any such , but i like the parties that i've had with various introvert friends . we'll sit in small groups talking about the stuff that interests us , playing ... to be honest , this issue just came up again in my life a few days back . because of one thing and another i neither love nor hate myself . i intentionally disconnected from the love side of things in ... i haven't slept for more than 2 or 3 hours a night in over a week and it's really starting to tell physically . no waking dreams yet , but i am starting to see shadows out of the corners of my eyes , ... i tend to agree with the folks that made the first few posts . provided that people have been typed correctly i'd say that your dad is doing what we do and is seeing through a mask . most of the people that i've known who are like that decided to live life on their own terms when they were younger only to discover that whatever they were trying didn't really work all that well ... several things run through my mind at once on hearing the term . to start with the least serious , i'm immediately reminded of one of my favorite episodes of mst 3k ( mystery science theater 3000 ) . ... 36 and already wearing bifocals . apparently you can hurt your eyes by staring at the point in space for hours on end . i live in a place where all of the food that i've ever eaten is totally awesome . in the morning i wake up to the sound of monkeys , roosters , and songbirds . there's a mountain in my backyard . ... this is very true , too . you pull off the whole curvy thing a lot better than we do in general . nicely put . i've got a whole love / hate thing going on with the race . i keep threatening to resign and become a cat . i absolutely love having time to myself . functionally i need it to recharge , unpack thoughts , be creative , etc , but i have a ball with it ! my favorite thing to do is to turn on a tv series on dvd ... there have been numerous studies showing that men's and women's brains work differently . the one big difference that i remember off of the top of my head is that women have far more inter-hemisphere ... ok , so apparently we inspired both goths and ninjas . dang but we're cool ... discounting work and research related sites : facebook weregeek axe cop odori park extralife youtube college humor thinkgeek funny thing is that now that you mention it , i've done that more times than i can count ... a friend's mom actually threatened to attach bells to me so that i'd stop startling her . the craving that close companionship thing is vicious . even after finding someone to be with you don't always have a sense of it . it hurts so bad . hang in there and be wary of jumping into ... i would joke about infj's being the shadows flitting around the edges of your vision , but that is oddly accurate . i suppose that you could stage a situation where someone is really unfairly ... to throw in two cents in the hope of helping fellow infj's find someone , we generally interface with people on a deeper level than most folks do . this makes being around people exceptionally ... oh my gosh ! beef jerky ! ! ! i would pine for that in china ! ! ! i ate at least 10 pounds of the stuff while home for a month over the summer . i do need to briefly share a bit of a horror story , ... believe it or not , folks that motor through college right after high school are becoming more and more rare . at this point the average student in us universities is a 50 - year-old female . i myself ... jalapeno bites bagel dogs hot cheetos you are a super hero and need to design a costume in which to fight crime . what do you come up with ? only one rule : no underwear on the outside of your costume . but ... but ... i like olives ! and i cook really well ! oh , wait . i am a lyric baritone . according to the rules of opera i am / allowed to be at least semi-evil . carry on . the same people pattern recognition thing that other folks have already mentioned . i was able to understand and drive in traffic that's had other westerners afraid to drive here in thailand after ... there's concept called social penetration theory that addresses what you're asking . the initial researchers ( altman and taylor ) compared the process of getting to know a person to penetrating the ... i have had trouble with depression through my entire life . individual bouts of it have lasted for years , during some of which i've had to struggle with an intense desire to kill myself for months at ... this might sound odd , but math is the number one oddity . although i couldn't communicate it effectively at the time i started questioning the validity of artificially imposing numbers on reality ... i've explained it before , but what the hay . finn came from an incredibly weird misspelling of my name at work that stuck as a nickname . darkrider came from being rather underweight for a lot of ... if the hard stuff at the beginning of the following one isn't your thing , skip the first 2 minutes . i adore this song ! while i am actually far more organized about it than the average joe on the street , that level of organization seems to confuse most other people , so , um ... sure ! i have absolutely no doubt ... in order : babysitting ( essentially nannying ) full-time for a summer tcby ( frozen yogurt place ) for a summer brown's chicken for a year target stockroom for a year software , etc . ( retail ) for 4 ... disclaimer : after reading the initial post i'm just going to go ahead and jump in with my comment , then go back and read what everyone else has said . a very dear infj friend and i came to the ... awesome ! congratulations to you ! no question about it . sam vimes . you know , i really don't much think in those terms , which is probably weird because i've actually done a few worthwhile things . it's always been more of a , this is what comes next , sort of a ... i'll second that motion ! just be careful of the pepper pots , eh ? honestly , my first thought was , in what kind of kingdom would either a king or queen be listening to me ? this was followed immediately by , huh ? who let the guy in the tin can into my fortress of ... hi ! wow ! nice substantive discussion starter ! generally i agree with you that women pay far more attention to the details of how women look than men do . i have argued for years that for ... i fuckin ' hate people . struggle with it daily and most times wonder why i keep playing the good guy . keeps me in my beer . more seriously , i've been wondering how it is that infj's process ... ok , i would totally use a love potion ! i can picture it now : i am dressed-up like v , in a guy fawkes mask , cape , and fedora . i sneak into congress just as the president is about to address the ... i've already mentioned it about books , but i tend to get really into a particular genre of whatever , soak in it for a while , then move on to something else . for example , right now i'm really ... '