' i'm a bit confused why you would create a list of infp behavioral stereotypes , ask if it isn't just you , and then title the thread my disadvantages . are you trying too hard to be infp ? what ... yes . im navigationally challenged . can't get anywhere when driving without my gps . i sometimes have to give directions , and have gotten better at it . it's just a communication skill , which can be ... sound feel and sight of an outdoor night campfire while everyone was scrambling around , i'd go down through my garden , into the forest ravine , down past the boulders at the top , down to the river . and sit there finally with peace of mind because ... i'm surprised you took that position . most infps would loathe group work because no one but you can think outside of the box , settling for mediocre solutions . maybe you could team up with a friend or another infp who is good at drawing to make a manga ˚ ¬ ˚ are you sure it is laziness ? i'm wondering cuz sometimes i feel i personally displace a sort of ... what kind of book ? about the wealth / fame / power - most infp dreams will fall outside of these considerations . that's part of the point - to share or discover what you really want to out of or do ... i think it would be great for a couple of reasons for all of us to share our personal bucket lists . my rationale : infps aren't the most goal oriented . many infps have never even written down nor ... yes ...  ... you're not gonna align 100 % with all the characteristics , and type descriptions aren't perfect . try to figure out your type based on more objective criteria , such as how you use cognitive functions ... guys , i'm gonna make my own tiny house . i've been researching them for the past week , and i'm gonna do it :) also , isn't she the cutest ? actually , your internal temperature needs to be colder to fall asleep , not warmer . it needs to drop around bed time . this means get stressed out and livid during bed time is sleep suicide . ... i can try . i think what i meant is to not dawdle . you have all this emotion for him , and you need to show it to him . when you display your affection , do your best to streamline it . cut out the ... it only applies where you find it helpful . in this case , attachment applied to protecting offspring is definitely necessity . :| ... no . but you implied that the perspective i offered shuns happiness , emotion and life in general you completely miss the perspective ( maybe . ) . it is about happiness and embracing life . i think there's a misunderstanding . nvm : c sorry michael ford be careful you don't turn into an infp . you sound like you may be idealizing him . _ . just know he's a person too with faults and stuff ... and don't try to make the relationship into something it ... ok , i've met up with lots of people i texted first . she is right , she is probably weird and awkward and not very talkative in person . this doesn't mean she can't be exactly like she is in writing . ... i think this is another big big one :] i think you i've been reading books on buddhism lately , and i've learned a ton of very mind-altering perspectives that have simply allowed me to insure and ensure the happiness of my future . in this case i want ... well , maybe just maybe instead of focusing on what attracts him , maybe rethink the question to be how to care for him . see , it is my guess that he doesn't want you or anyone to sort of have to play ... i don't have a preference . in games , no matter who the avatar is i'm controlling , being able to control this thing that is not myself that i still guide , and through unique worlds with unique ... as my mom goes to kiss my forehead - ofuhvgofhhcuf mom freaking stop touching me . do i look like i have a sign on me that says please touch me , i am personal property . she was like > : o wtf ? ! ... this is truly interesting ... the vast majority seems to be extremely infp like even at a young age ... yet i was very far from being infp at a young age . i don't share any of the same type of ... you assume way too much . it's ok to question these types of things , but when it gets to the point these questions are weighing down on you , you are probably assuming too much . it eventually becomes ... hardcore haha bitch i'm from the streets lol .. kidding ˚ ¬ ˚ <3 ¿ : shocked : really ? i wouldn't mourn for a plate if my dead relative asked me to keep it safe slow minded - not necessarily ( slow and steady wins the race anyway ? ) deep minded - probably - - - the message is if you look beyond appearances , you often find pleasant truths since you are introverts , think about what is the cause , then once the cause is understood , adapt . big changes . when we understand a problem , we often go for small tweaks here and there that help ... how well you or anyone else knows you , themselves or others is entirely subjective . one might think they know themselves for knowing what their favorite cereal is , while another may think it is ... first off , i commend you for learning what you want to be like that your parents weren't . no offense , but this is thread is kind of silly ... in essence , you are asking a personality type to sell ... i'm just weary of the legal tape and the troubles not talked about as much . i mean , there has to be more people interested in this lifestyle , yet it is so under the radar is it practical and possible to feasibly live in one of these if the desire is there ? i can agree about our similarities and think of you in the same way . i am not immune to spontaneous panic , but buddhist philosophy ( it is not a religion in our sense of the word religion ) can very ... i'm not being stoic at all . i am a budding buddhist . no , being buddhist does not allow me super powers in this situation . but like any bit of knowledge , it has the power to allow me to have higher ... yes , and you ended with truth - it is irrational to be swayed in this way . i personally would not be affected in the slightest , not even if a hypothetical god came down and told me i was terrible ... i was thinking this as well . however , to people who know better than to derive confidence from others , they will not change intrinsically from being handed a label . whether confidence comes from ...  our concept of intelligence is built on flimsy premises , including the ones that pertain to real world skills and intelligence . furthermore , whether i'm am deemed or deem myself as intelligent ... i should've explained what i meant by mature . part of my use of the word mature here aligns with my love for buddhism . i see a small house , one that eliminates the unnecessary extra space of ... i'd take it over any big traditional house , for sure . has an inspiring quality to it and is humble and cozy . it's for more mature people , i think it is possible to reorient your biological clock , if you really have the psychological urge to . it has been my experience as well as other infps it seems , that our minds really come alive at night ... this is a very complicated question . firstly , the question itself is flawed in some way , but i get your question . the most obvious flaw is that morals are constructed , whether by society , ideology ... ironically , maybe we are so self focused because we are not manipulative ? these kinds of topics and questions are really complex and probably full of little subtleties and paradoxes to where it ... not as hard as finding a boyfriend - . - ' .. ;) i can kind of deal with the funny and creative fashion expressions . though it loses charm when people bandwagon ( people should be more creative . ) but what peeves me is how all of them in the pics ... you're like what you think you're like . you change and work on what you tell yourself to work on '