' so , moral of the story , for complex and interesting tasks , own your type and spend the early stages jot down more so that when it is getting dull you only have to push through a tiny bit ... and if it ... for something i am not interested in / or something that is more logistic ... - well i try and make it as easy as possible for me to do - otherwise the slightest difficulty will have me giving up and ... honestly , my pattern is this - things that i need to get done that have a theoretical bend , or that interest me in some way - i usually find that i spend a lot of enjoyable time finding out about it , ... online - and not at a dating site . i am pretty good at typing , actually . i can usually tell within a day or so of meeting people ( sometimes within minutes ) . i usually pick out a general sense of the letters , then cross confirm with ... this was a great video - sorry for the revived thread ! regarding nfs as equals or not - i find a difference in my idea of nfs and my actual dealings with nfs . i find nfs generally to be rather ... for an entp , well , we are in a lot of places . we are most easily recognized by the fact that we don't back down in an argument even with ( or especially with ) the object of our flirting ... so that ... well , i would love to say that you should just be able to be however you wish to be ... but , you are in a relationship . every type can work with every type - and , well , relationship do require work ... not having read this whole thread , but giving it a go - and mostly basing things on the tv show - i have read 3 of the books , and snatches of the rest . tywin lannister : entj x96 he is about getting ... hah ! and , i am not even particularly disagreeing that there is a distasteful level here that smacks of only taking easy courses at university so that you will get an a ... but avoiding the tough stuff that ... actually my intj husband has a different but similar view of being wrong . he really , really doesn't like to be and doesn't understand my willingness to argue the weaker side ... but , his take is ... yes , it was hard finding that man to get ritualistic with ... that would be a three year old with the skills of a 10.5 year old ( an iq of 200 would be having skills exactly twice your age ) . however , under 8 years old , this type of iq is not really associated ... funny , this must be why my mother always called me a wise guy ... doesn't explain the smart ass , though . ;) logic is a process - not the answer ... it is possible to use the same logical rules and arrive at different answers to smoke yourself , or by others ' smoking , or both ? intp . because when they remember to eat , they won't want to have to cook it . actually the opposite is true . libertarians are typically smarter than leftwingers . read better angels of our nature by stephen pinker . it should be elucidating . the smartest group tends to be ... but i do think that intuitives are also going to be more comfortable with grey areas of justice and morality - because of that ability to see multiple perspectives . no . i wouldn't say morality in general a sensor / intuitive thing . unless sense of justice isn't moral ? i find istj children very much have a strong sense of justice and fairness ( the one kid i ... as an atheist , i hate to see fellows jump ship ... we still need to reach critical mass . however , i wouldn't wish to curtail your exploration - it is really important to explore the avenues that ... i identify so much . my 7 year old entp is always pulling stuff as well . in music class he got in trouble for not paying attention and distracting the other kids - so he was sent to the principal's ... however , this stat may have more to do with the entps having a hard time maintaining any sort of habit . for entp smokers - an additional question - how often have you forgotten to buy smokes ? or ... i actually completely get what you are saying about the introvert / extravert ... but i do have to wonder about you finding questions that ask about logic misleading . because , i really find logic is ... i tried smoking as a teenager . i really , really gave it a shot . it made my fingers stink . and chewed through my money ( cigarettes are $ 10.00 a pack here ) . so , after two months of trying very hard ... i know that i have asked about how celebritytypes.com arrived at this conclusion - however , i could believe it . i think that entps are actually very difficult to type ... because they are a weird e ... sorry - this site doesn't seem to like me using paragraph breaks . okay , going with my initial thought on this one - i had a pretty strong vibe at first then kept second guessing . overall , though , i think you mesh with my first thought - and that the supporting ... maybe go into the two forums and see if you identify . the functions can be confusing at first . honestly the difference in order of functions is a tough one to tease out ... read the you know you ... definitely not . entps are the more likely of the two to debate . an intp might actually be pretty uncomfortable with the potential reactive emotional outburst . you don't actually have to answer-but entps are known to be showy but private - so pee with the door open ( in a public bathroom ) but no one knowing that they got divorced ... most don't use the fe . no it isn't necessary - fe is a value judgement and entps aren't renowned for values ... or boundarys ... do you pee with the door opened or closed ? theories only change the world when they make it out of your mind into implementation . otherwise it is just bullshit that you thought of to keep yourself occupied ... bs much ? i did . it is great , except when something small needs to be done , that could take 5 minutes , but instead takes 3 hours ( or weeks ) of debate first ( like changing a diaper , or planting the tree in the ... and how would we cheat - by hiding an nf under our desks ? yes . but typically friends are people who don't bore ... people in general - headache time . - the real difference between intp and entp is that the order for entp is ne ti fe si , and the function order for intp is ti ne si fe ... that means that intp and entp actually ... basileus i was actually specifically asking whether you generated a whole lot of ideas after this interaction . i actually like a lot of downtime . but i find after a stimulating time with people i ... so true , but sometimes it is a tractor ... you'd know that if you got your nose out of your computer ... here is a question for you ... if you are out with all of your friends at once and are the centre of attention all night , do you go home buzzing and excited and stay up all nigh getting idea after ... but the evidence is out there that nts actually score the highest out of all the subgroups on iq tests . nts have higher iqs - but this doesn't necessarily mean they are inherently more intelligent ... actually , the more intp a person is , or is able to fake ( even without being an intp ) - the higher on an iq test one is likely to score . iq measures intelligence , and that measure is actually ... okay , i am convinced on cersei ... you have some points - but i do have to argue that knowing or not knowing terms isn't the same as playing 4 or 5 plays ahead in a cat and mouse game ... and , regarding dany ... i don't see how she could be fi . fe is the charismatic leader hallmark . she is definitely that . if she is a p she would need to be a t in order to have fe . unless ... i would actually strongly argue that cersei is an n-type . a hallmark of n-typing is thinking past one or two plays in a strategy game ( future thinking ) . she very much outmaneuvers ned stark , ... maybe online this is what you find - but i am in the situation of seeing a lot of kids misdiagnosed by experts ( i actually headed up a coalition for early childhood development for a while ) . when we ... my husband is intj . he always describes himself as feeling empathy , but not sympathy aka , he will not get mad with you ( sympathy ) , but he might feel for your situation , and emotionally understand ... like you'd know art if you saw it ! - damn you - enfp - tooo quick for your own damn good . '