' oops double post funny how mbti pigeon holes everyone and turns things into a hate fest . there's no way you can make sense of anything that you analyze at face value , it's errors like this that you have the idea of ... am i reading things wrong ? or is this like .. y'know ? * edit * oh nvm i see D: , i thought it was an error funny i had an english assignment due like last friday and i handed it in this friday . i've never handed anything so late before-good thing there was another enfj that procrastinated like me :D . and ... i don't agree with mbti type population stats . i think all types are around equal , source : socionic type distribution statistics despite it being socionics , it's still very relevant then ... my grandpa's ... or was it my moms . aside from the jars ... sometime my mom would teach me these chinese poem things about flowers falling-and i would recite them whenever i beat the flowers >:D my estp brother and i broke all the jars and pots containing plants , took out the roots and the flowers-threw them downstairs . then we scattered all the dirt on the carpet-it was a lot of fun ... lol cheating is bad , but i'm one to say =D . i've cheated countless times in math , however when i bring in the notes with small handwriting on a slip of paper . i feel like i don't need to cheat at ... all the other songs make me feel weird , lighten up the mood mannn great post niff , i have love-hate relationships with my beta buddies too :) . that moment was only significant because it hurt , if it didn't hurt i probably wouldn't have remembered ... and the clock was right infront of me :( yes it's very inaccurate to be typing people based off pictures , ( most people in socionics forum agree ) . but what does work is typing people based off first time encounters ( in real life ) because you ... i lol'ed when i read this , it reminded me of the time june 12 , 2011 8: 02 am in the washroom where i was checking my face and then i ran smack right into the sides of the door when going out face ... despite aestrivex being like my wat-conflictor ? i agree with him since i do sometimes get lost in your post @_ @ . if you were explaining some other topic to an istj even with all the disorganization , ... it's assumed that it's a mbti forum since the most popular theory in n . a is mbti , but since it's a personality cafe / forum-every kind of theory can be introduced and discussed . it's not like every ... lol sorry > < , i have no clue what that meant but what i'm left with now is ... how can something from chance make something that can reproduce something orderly ? it's like you form a tornado and you ... response to the question : chicken > egg any day derail : i'm not the brightest when it comes to evolution , i've been told about the primordial soup and the aminoacids , proteins , dna and how it ... lol talk about games , i like =D when it comes to shooters , i don't like fps i like tps like sd gundam capsule fighter .. like best game evarr ? fps gives me motion sickness , similar to mine craft ... 1 . can you type without looking at the keyboard ? ya definitely 2 . do you use all 10 fingers while typing ? i've seen some people typing with their index fingers . o_o i don't use my pinkies ever lol ... dam i feel awful for the op in your case .. your love for her defeats your strong convictions .. and , like a man to double business bound , i stand in pause where i shall first begin . by claudius ... ye x93his master replied , x91well done , good and faithful servant ! you have been faithful with a few things ; i will put you in charge of many things . come and share your masterx 92s happiness ! ( matthew 25:21 ) ... lol my math teacher had those moments , he would accidentally say the f-bomb in front of his kid while the wife was arguing with him . and y'know how all kids love to learn words , so the kid would be ... dam you guys make such insightful posts , really gets me thinking about a lot of things . i wish i could be just as insightful :) . sela omg 4 days till the meet up ? i could just picture you istj's ... i believe he was making a joke . arinn made a claim , to which sela asked for a source , as if to say that any thing that is to convince an istj requires a source , playing on irony . of course , ... holly crap man , after 2 weeks of posting my original statement i realized that i've typo'd the t as an f in an isfp . and i've also noticed that some people posted before my post to their question , ... mann y'know srae is full of it when it comes to fantasizing , remember the unicorns thread . gee that's some mad fantasizing there , takes skill to do some of that . now for the question , i think sensors ... another tourettes guy video , viewer's discretion is advised > > welll , that's a start xd pops said that as you get older , you start to lose friends . you forget your elementary school friends , then goes your highschool friends , you get university friends-op you have kids , focus too much ... lol i love istj's , very blunt and funny . from what i've heard people has said this about them : - they are sometimes found watching paint dry . ( not in a literal sense but can be , just means they're ... y'know normally as asians , we have that crease on our eyelids when we open them up rite ? for me i'm too lazy to open my eyes so there's no crease / fold , also usually when i'm thinking about something ... does awesome also mean retarded :D ? * warning * contains coarse language * 1 . sometimes i feel like the only one who cares . yes i do care about things that the common won't care about . other than that i don't care about a lot of things , too many i can't remember or ... i would second that :) my friends say i can't chillax no matter how hard i try , but for me i'd say the outdoors too . i love nature , i like fish but i don't like the disgusting smell x . x . p . s i never some istj's could ... what the frick lol , i see enfj's every now and then around my area . they're not as uncommon as you think , people just have to be great at typing . i met this one like 2 days ago for an interview , ... i just noticed 666 thanks o . o , someone ruin it :D a typical day at school would be like this for me : ionno about other f men , probably different ... - not laugh when other people are laughing-since they're idiotic - only laugh when someone puts me ... / offtopic i'm not too familiar with using si in mbti terms since it's quite different or used another way but sorry if there's any misunderstandings since all the dynamics / object / processes / things ... it's hard to explain here since it comes from another model but long story short . factual information --> invalidation of factual information = ( from a te type - some istj's apply here ) stubbornness , ... even making someone's happy can be a huge accomplishment , you never know when it's someone's last straw before they fly off the roof D: if it's something that i have no frigging clue about the matter or where someone responds in an absurd way - then i'll back down . but if it's something i'm very knowledgeable and passionate about , i ... ya definitely care , some web browsers provide additional security services search engine : google or google chrome , just used to it web browser : firefox 4.0 > internet explorer > everything else 1 . in nature 1 + 1 can = 3 ( or a bagillion ) 2 . life is too short to think / worry / or doubt 3 . knowing the types of people before hand can make be feel angst or giddy 4 . gn drives from gundam 00 can ... obviously haven't seen * you . but you remind me of this asian guy who's only from church , haven't really talked to him too much so it helps to have an idea of what he could be . hmm he's ... do any of you have a family day once a week ? i remember back then we would have family meetings to discuss things-for eg . going on a vacation or trip . ummm sometimes my mom would bring all 3 of us ... haha i cheated , i knew blue would be out voted :) . from my previous thread most istj did pick blue so ... : confused : also 17 and turning 18 near the end of june : wink : welcome to my world ^ ^ '