' it really depends on circumstance . the past winners had a wide array of personality types . though beetee was the only intp victor i can claim with any certainty . maybe wiress too , though i can't be ... most likely he was referring to your claim that you have no ulterior motive when committing an act considered to be kind . this is doubted ( at least from my perspective , perhaps not the one ... i have no pictures . : mellow : binx : intj . inventive , intelligent , creative , scheming , and constantly plotting something . seriously . my dogs love / obey him because he can open treat boxes and fling ... it depends on how one chooses to define good and bad . i've come to the conclusion that humans are fundamentally human , and actions whether perceived as good or bad , if committed by a human are ... my brother was convinced he had a tumor on his back yesterday and was flipping out , how long do i have ? ! ... it was just a bug bite . claire saunders / whiskey : infp laurence dominic : istj maybe ? topher brink : entp or intp , leaning heavily towards intp bennett halverson : intj caroline : enfj , as echo more enfp paul ballard : ... i do . all the time , my life , your life , doesn't matter to me . * insert maniacal laughter here * the ones in my head or the ones outside it ? saw off my own foot ? ! i'm one of the most ... 84 % gryffindor 72 % slytherin 66 % ravenclaw 42 % hufflepuff i only got gryffindor because i'm reckless , impulsive , oddly maternal ( protective ) , and aggressive . don't know why i scored so high ... people really will buy anything . the joker from the dark knight . entp or intj . moses and seaman from south park . moses is likely an intp , not sure what seaman is .  ... - estj : sheeple with rabies - istj : sheeple - esfp : ravers - isfp : flower children - entj : zealots - intj : schemers - entp : rabble all the time . thing of it is , i don't speak aloud but i do look as though i'm speaking aloud . my facial expressions change , i'll roll my eyes , nod , shake my head , and sigh . occasionally i'll mumble ... show me something morbidly funny . bertram pincus from ghost town topher brink from dollhouse danny donahue from role models ian malcolm from jurassic park gaz from invader zim brian griffin from family guy kowalski from ... a ) occasionally b ) often c ) so often i can't even see straight d ) rarely e ) n / a my thoughts are filled to the brim with perverse thoughts , the occasional ' romantic ' one sneaking by , acting ... lapsistiai is another name for the maenads / bacchae of the greek and roman mythologies respectively . they were a group of frenzied / mad women ( the originals were nymphs ) who worshiped dionysus / bacchus ...  first crack at demotivational posters . they're like mindless droids . edit : didn't refresh to see the last post . hmm ... ... you're heading in to dangerous territory , all i'm saying . : tongue : i only got three . accurate : i find myself needing to withdraw during busy days , into bed or into a darkened room or any place where i can have some privacy and relief from stimulation . ... hehe .  i fight crime in my underwear . i also endorse crime when wearing a fake mustache . it's a supply and demand thing . i have an unpredictable relationship with stupidity . sometimes it makes me angry , other times it causes amusement , and still other times i'm entirely indifferent . i just became irritated over my ... i'm surprised intps have the amount of votes that they do for most moral . maybe i'm the odd one out in the intp crowd that is entirely lacking in them ? hmm ...  show me twu wuv ( true love ) . i do not want to live to that age . show me the mythical creature you're most fond of . not youtube , but still hilarious . owen benjamin - intense story | owen benjamin | jokes.com that bitch lapsistiai is the same way . let's wage war ! prepare for lame-i-tude . what do you do for a living ? response 1 : i'm a question answerer , that'll be ten dollars . response 2 : yes , yes , and yes . i love bad ideas , coming up with them more so than acting them out ( especially the more fatal ones ) . of course , whenever i share my bad ideas someone always manages to work them ... i possess multiple expectations for others to defy or conform to , i come up with perhaps a dozen or more possible reactions for each scenario one may encounter , and if they deviate from these ... - do you ( think you ) lie more often than the average person ? i actually tell the truth more often than the average person . not out of some sense of morality or concern for ethics , but out of former ... i've been compared to kevin sandusky from tropic thunder . only one i can think of that could conceivably be an intp , the others are ... i will never commit to doing anything ( 1 ) , something ( 2 ) , or nothing ( 3 ) never .  ... animated cartoon : penguins of madagascar , south park , the simpsons , futurama anime : none live action show : true blood , the colbert report , the daily show , the dog whisperer , 16 and pregnant ( so ... as an intp i do not possess a superiority complex ; however it may outwardly appear so as i occasionally use phrases such as you wouldn't understand , not because i put in to question the competence ... actual : intp preferred : entp attraction : entp i actual predicted these results . i wonder if that biased my answers . if money weren't an object i'd buy poveglia island . it was put up for sale in 1994 , and has had no buyers due to it's reputation . it's currently in the hands of italy's government . ... nothing . absolutely nothing . i'd watch all those i was said to have power over figure it out for themselves , even if it meant their eventual destruction . the world would function as it would if i ... rachel dawes : infp jim gordon : isfj batman : esfp joker : intj or entp , possibly intp , but he actually put his plans in to action rather than just mulling them over in a padded cell somewhere . ... i chose the intp , because only the crazies would label themselves as crazies , or maybe that's the sane-ies ? hmm ... 1 . is basically distrustful of people in general ; questions their motivations . yes . but it has more to do with curiosity than distrust . that , and a fragile ego . i must never be wrong ! even though ... i <3 humor . it's da best-est . i highly doubt it , but now you've made me wonder about myself . glibness and superficial charm i'm awkward and inappropriate . so no . manipulative and cunning * certainly , but the desire ... mother : infp - - love her to pieces . father : estj - - hate him to pieces , and the feeling's mutual . he's always resented me though . why i laughed so hard at this clip : ... my internal organs are just as mushy and temperature consistent as anybody's . hmph . : angry : i'd have to say that generally speaking the closer one is to someone the more ' warm ' they will appear ... lung cancer ! :p roud : or something else terminal that would motivate me sufficiently to get my affairs in order before my death . what with being a procrastinator , if my death were sudden , any ... cyanide . kuklinski-style . i'd pore cyanide in my drink , pretend to be drunk , and spill the entire thing on the intended victim . i'm so boring . '