' intj & intp ... i'm a flexitarian . i can eat meat and i like the taste , but i do it occasionally . i eat vegan food mainly for health , humanitarian , environmental reasons , and ethical reasons . i tolerate hunting and ... any one of you playing orcs must die ? i'm 99 % sure you would love it . at first , i also thought he was fe because of the empathy skill.but it seems to me that will takes on others feelings as his own , acting like a feeling sponge , rather than seeing them radiating ... i'm seeing fe in hannibal and fi in will graham.both are ni / se.hannibal probably being infj and will an intj.very unusual versions of these types . infj stare that's not true , i would gladly fulfill my infj destiny letting zombies eat me while praying to gods so they clean me from my sins : blushed : or maybe not my dad is a textbook istj and he can barely control his emotions.he ' s angry at something or someone 50 % of the time.he does what needs to be done , from his own perspective , which is quite limited by ... the ones who socialize best in a world without rules and the ones who have organized military power and knowledge . if you're going full rambo mode , you'll certainly last longer than lonely nerds , ... maximum infjness . intj don't threaten an infj's mother infjs transform art ( fe ) - what is irrational in the external world - into philosophy ( ni-ti ) whereas infps transform philosophy ( ne ) into arts ( fi-si ) . when a philosophy , an ideology , a system of ideas ... as a broad definition , insanity is a behaviour going against your own survival in the world and / or the survival of your group / society / progenies and environment.it is mental illness.define illness and ... insanity is losing the ability to be objective ( i . e . self-criticism ) and understand other points of views . i like who i am and i'm not ashamed of it , since i'm an enneagram 3 , self-admiration is a component of my personality.though i don't think i'm a narcissist.narcissism is a pathology , not a simple ... i haven't met / identified a type 3 infj yet , but i don't think it's an extremely rare combination.my guess is many people confuse enneagram behaviors with mbti types.an infj type 3 may be confused ... infj here . there are no class in l4d2 . as for the weapons , it depends on the game mode . in expert , i always choose shotgun ( t1 & t2 ) + magnum.sometimes ak47 + laser is good.magnum is definitely ... more likely supervillains i'd say it's a inxx trait to make excessive use of imagination in order to compensate for the lack of extraordinary powers in the real world . have you identified intj patterns in her speech ? she's extremely creepy.watching her , all i can think of is arachne ... hence why i was thinking that intp ( tertiary si ) is the real scientist , and intj fits the thinker title ( inferior se ) . is the scientist the one who naturally applies the scientific method ( in ... considering their functions , i think intp is the scientist and intj is the thinker . i laughed . you're right about his enneagram ( like many of your guesses ) , i didn't think it through . i'm also accepting the estp , though i can see both inferior-fe and inferior-ni in him . i had a hard time ... these were the good times , we used to bullshit people and enslave them with religion.minds in our hands , waging wars in the name of the brilliant stories we created.until one unfortunate day when a ... istp 8w7 3w4 5w4 exactly the same personality as scarface's tony montana . infj got fine taste in mustache xnfj 7w8 3w2 8w7 redemption through sin  ... 0 % maybe , 100 % definitely  hunter x hunter - kurapika is one i wouldn't describe myself as a spiritual being , but as someone greatly interested in spiritual matters , metaphysics , symbols , esoteric knowledge ( had a black / white magic book when i was 10 ) , and ... my father's istj 1w2 , absolutely no doubt . my mother is probably an isfp , 2w1 . overrated : intj , entj , infj , intp underrated : istp , istj , enfj , enfp , infj , estj , isfp , estp misunderstood : infj , estp , enfj , intj agnostic . i don't exclude any possibility . maximilien de robespierre . influenced by 18th - century enlightenmentphilosophes such as rousseau and montesquieu , he was a capable articulator of the beliefs of the left-wing bourgeoisie . his ... i think they're great . jason statham in all his movies detective quinn - dexter this thread finally gets interesting . dannyell : thanks for the advice.personnally , i never try to make uncomfortable my partner and expose my fears.women don't love insecure men , especially the ones who are full on and needy . i'm an ... that contradicts what i read once on the estp forums , that behind every action of the estp , there's a reason . a close estp in my family confirmed me that he never did anything witout any reason , and ... where can i find you guys '