ey ~ nice proportions . some sketches ' ey ! nice of you to draw me , but my chitin is really black . there , there . : unsure : i know the feeling as i've thrown away plenty of pictures myself , but you will ( and it is inevitable ) make drawings you are even more proud of . and , some of that drawing will ... anamia dare has made some very good posts in this thread , and from what i can tell you have shifted towards a better mindset regarding the whole situation . however , i just want to be extra clear ... thank you ! (: i actually had to look ' mx9cbius ' up since it was the first time coming across this particular word / name . he has made some really interesting artworks , i do have to admit . but , as i ... welcome to the forum ! i think a part of why i got interested in mbti in the first place was from the book ' plot versus character ' by jeff gerke . really neat book , and i do have to say that it does ... the way someone express love or affection doesn't really have anything to do with their mbti type . sure , certain types have a predisposition towards a more common way of expressing love or affection , ... * hugs * i'm sorry to hear that , but it is definitely for the better . can't get far without trust , and if a person can't open up or doesn't want to try ( regardless of mbti ) then it's a lost cause in ... hope you are feeling well . feeling left alone , or abandoned for others by someone one likes can feel awful . ): took me about a year of trying to provide solutions rather than attention and comfort ... amazed to be fair , i might just imagine that there is a big diversity in sweden's flora and fauna . however , i did some googling , and it does appear that sweden is quite diverse in its landscapes ... the first one was actually inspired by the crossbow vulture from disney's robin hood . : laughing : i just googled ' skeksis , dark crystal ' for the first time , and i must say that i love the design of ... that's a problem that i've had for a long time . you should see some of the artworks from two years ago ... way too light . as a child i had the problem of pressing down too hard with my strokes ... amazed i know ! D: i ought to have at least worked in norway , but alas , i've been a bad swede . : sad : i do have to say that my first guess would have been that norway was somewhat similar to sweden , ... norge ! nice stuff that . granted , i've never been there myself , so i can't tell from experience . but , it has looked very nice from the pictures and videos that i have seen . it is only a 2-3 hour car ... amazed nice to meet another scandinavian here ! öwö / unless , of course , you are danish ... * squints * frivolous banter aside , i do hope you find some value in your time on these forums . i know i have ... * extends arms * hahaha . i wish ! but , i'm not good enough for that . plus , i am not proficient in colors nor rendering an art piece . all i know how to use is pencil and paper . but , maybe i'll get there eventually . (: ... ... yes , there is a mutation in the dna of some intjs . it makes them very cuddly and open about their cuddliness . typism aside , there are a lot of factors that determine the personality of a person - - ... i've been bedridden for almost five days , which is why i've yet to select any winners . i'm still sick and i'll try to make sure to select three winners by tomorrow ... hopefully . i assume the storage of cheese has to do with the storage box in the keep ? it works in the same way as the duplication glitch used in our run , so it doesn't really change anything . the inquisitor did not get a specialization in this run , but was solely used for mark of the rift and static cage . most of the run was done with sera ( tempest build ) , vivenne ( knight enchanter ... ' ello y'all . spent a lot of time half a year or so ago developing a speed running route for dragon age : inquisition with a friend . i thought i would try to bring a bit more attention to the speed ... i am thoroughly disappointed by the lack of swedish . shakes my head beautiful rendition of the swedish language . sniffles coughs ≡ ɛ ≡ coughs what kind of discharges are we talking about here ? : shocked : either way , i have huge expectations from you when it comes to swedish ! öwö / / go , swedish ! go ! so few people seems to go for ... yes . impressive ~ applaudes in swedish öwö / / you did alternate between sounding really swedish and sounding really finlandssvensk . interesting combination to say the least . ~ wö will be interesting to ... guys and gals ! everything will be all right ! shhh . there , there . i made a really simple paragraph in swedish that i sent to tzara . it will be so easy that no one can fail ! i'll be fair , but harsh ... and maybe really obnoxious about every little mispronounciation . or maybe i'll be really kind and take it really easy . we will all know later ... begins to chuckle tzara ... i can do that . (: wagina sounds more smooth ; surely , a shaved beaver . let us pretend that the vagina is the female genitalia as a whole . puh-please . there is no way i'm 7th in rank . flips my unflippable hair that alone should have told you that that wasn't the case . yay ~ ! good thing you enjoyed it . :'D sorry , dear . i'm already working for disney ( i am really not ) . how do you think they came up with the face and body for flynn ? thank lizzie for this one . had to make a soundcloud account to bring this to y'all ... what can i say , i'm like a saint . ever heard of saint kevin ? real person . that i am mr . awesome ? yes , yes i am . i'm curious about y'alls favorite cuddle positions . what are they ? mine would be ' fluffy rainbow ' . bows flamboyantly i wouldn't mind meeting you either , misfire . keepin ' it real . fistbump enfps : why are y'all so enfpy ? your * it took me about 2 seconds to come up with that . you are aware that this is a forum and not an im , right ? i'm not going to be constantly sitting there pressing f5 so that i can respond at ... oh yes . i certainly will . can't think straight when it is gushing all over the place . i'm assuming that you are referring to me from the way you talk . so , you are saying that you make these generalized assumptions about enfps from interactions with someone you haven't been in a ... the better question to ask yourself is : why did i go into a relationship with a person that wasn't mature and / or healthy enough ? a mature and healthy enfp is as good as any other mature and healthy ... you already know the answer to that bob ; because we are fabulous and gorgeous . flips my unflippable hair throws a chain around sygma and drags him away deal . looms over sygma as i dry-wash my hands now , what to do with you ? oh , i'll have plenty of fun , big guy .