' no need to get concerned about low scores in real ... this just shows your preference for arts followed by science ( my scores were similar ) ... but i had investigative , where you have e for ... i had a boss that was an entp and was an enterpriser for his result . he was miserable in the social service field . he was a counselor . i think he may had gone into the counseling field cos of his ... i've found that introverts ( not matter what type ) that are enneagram type 5 are very similar . hahaha ... i've actually known three intj's that were managers that were really great at figuring out people's strengths and utilizing them and staying neutral . i enjoyed working for one ... there ... there are local bands that play lots of gigs weekly here , where i live in dallas , tx . but the big acts , like willie nelson , depeche mode , duran duran ... they only come around 1 time per year ... if i could afford to go every month i would . i love live concerts . i love music . there's a lot of comedians that perform at the same venues as music , but i haven't been . i try to go to a blues ... i don't think that's an intj . i've worked with several intj's ... they are actually very similar to us and see logic in harmony . they are just as aware as we are about manipulation and bad people . ... you almost sound like a type 5 ... lol ... cannot believe you're a 1 . : laughing : i like spending time alone , too . i think better when i'm away from people ... especially if the people are unhealthy ... i liked oblivion , too . - tom cruise was great in it . well , my scots-irish gran is to blame for my love of doctor who ... remember , americans are mostly of immigrants ... my family are british ... i was raised on it whether i liked it or not ... and at the ... yes , as are infj's and intj's ... enfp's are also highly privacy oriented . - enfp friends of mine just post pictures and nothing else . istj's will post stuff that they are interested in or excited ... of my friends ... my istj's and other introverted friends , usually my intj's or other infj's are the ones to like my statues and pictures a lot ... sometimes my female enfj friends will also like ... his seagull was weird because it didn't have a dread knot ... no hole at all . was flat and smooth ... but sounded awesome . it was otherwise a typical guitar ... just without the hole . and you're a ... yes , istj's are just as private as infj's and intj's . - but intj's are waaay more private than the both of us combined ! ! ! but istj's are so thoughtful and will send me private emails if ... no ! ! ! not annoying ! ! ! far from it ! ! ! i love my istj friends ! ! ! i appreciate them so much ... they like everything that i post or say ... but it's genuine ... if i post something boring ... they ... hahaha ! ! ! clever you ! keeping the thread on the guitar theme ! : laughing : : wink : this is a classic epiphone before they were bought out by gibson ... played by an artist that i think is talented ... my guitar professor back in grad school had a seagull ... was an unusual looking guitar . i'm not fond of people and i'm a type 5 ... sooo i have not played or sung in front of people ... hahaha ... nooo don't feel badly for having awesome guitars ! i'm happy for you ! - sounds like you're a hardcore serious player ! :p erc 2 : haha ... far from it . - my friends are very funny , very creative and we like so many of the same things that it's easier to get along with them than any of the other personality types . - they are also ... i know ! ! ! i have more male friends that are istj's than female ... i have 1 female istj ... she's awesome ... very creative and funny ! - when she found out what she was ... she posted on my wall and said , ... good attention to detail ! yes , it's a little ephiphone sg ... it's the poor man's wannabe gibson ... hahaha ... i enjoy that line of guitars since i'm broke and can't afford the fancy guitars . : tongue : ... hello wonderful istj's ! i have several friends that are istj's ... funny how much alike we are ! we like a lot of the same things : stars , space , science , science fiction shows ... ya'll are ... i know ... i thought perhaps they might venture over here to us ... but you're probably right :) dear istj's ... why are ya'll so awesome ? ! i have several istj friends that are always kind , loyal , funny , thoughtful , sweet , and they all love the same stuff that i love : science , stars , science ... i had a boss that was an unhealthy infj and a co-worker that was an infj . - i didn't feel that they were anything like me at all . i did admire my boss ' ability to figure people out so quickly ... he ... i agree with this ... i have several intj friends . - what i love about intj's is that i don't have to waste energy over-explaining and know that they believe me when i say things and take me seriously ... this is brilliant ! ! ! and yes , the reminder that most people are sp / sj is important to keep in mind . - i'm sure most sp / sj's think i'm cold , unsocial and weird haha very warm and well ... kevin sorbo , who played hercules is definitely an entp in real life ( not his character , hercules ): 288210 2882 18 - i follow him on facebook and he's pretty much classic : smart , works out , has a ... hahaha ! yeah , i've often felt like i'm an alien ... even had a co-worker call me spock once ! and nothing is wrong with you dear fellow infj ! thank you for your deep , succinct , sweet comment ! ... 99 % of the time that i've taken it i've gotten infj ... the 1 % that i took it and didn't get infj resulted in intj for my personality . but i'm certain it's cuz of my type 5 . thank you for liking ... hahaha naughty entp ... you're trying to change my thread with the flirting :p yes , i write my own songs and cover some , too . - covering is the best way to learn and to everyone else reading ... of coarse we wouldn't be discussing this type of stuff . - i'm a musician and would play guitar until you were bored , remember ? yes , i know kung fu panda - jack black ... he might be and infj type 5 like me ? - because of my type 5 ... i've been mistaken for an intj . i have 3 friends that are intj's ... what separates them from me is their inability to feel what another is ... yay unite ! :p yeah , as sweet as a person can be ... if you run out of things to talk about ... it gets boring ... and the connection just isn't there . awww * hugs * i appreciate that ! btw , with a name like monkey balls how come you have a panda for an icon instead of something weird / funny with monkeys or balls or something ? 165722 are you ... in graduate school ... when it was made mandatory for us to take the mbti ... and i learned that i was an infj ... i was sooo relieved to see why it was hard for people to understand me , etc ... yet ... i only go to a forum of a person of the personality that i'm considering dating if i want to directly ask a question . but mostly i used go to sources about men in general to figure them out since men ... i don't believe entp's can out-think me ... no offense ... but i do want a guy that can at least match me . - but the rest ... yeah , you nailed it :p haha i was trying to say that i do respect intp's ... not that they are feelers ... duh ... sure a date at home cuz i'm an introvert sounds about like the kind of an assumption an entp like you would ... you are so funny ! ! ! yeah , i like guys with long hair sometimes ... but also short / clean cut ... as long as they're not stuffy and overly rigid . - i like enfp's and enfj's for that reason ... they ... i have one friend that's one . but i have zero attraction and feel nothing for him and that type . he's married but not exactly loyal . - but makes great money and his wife stays home ... and they're ... agreed with everything you said ... and yes , i'm more attracted to thin guys as opposed to buff or overweight . i like the laid back hippy sort of type of guys ... i don't like arrogant ... hahaha ! so funny ! ! ! sounds like you like shallow girls that are high maintenance ... cuz those are the type of girls that tend to go to bars and they're the ones that date those types ... i get this ! ! ! you want melancholic cuz those guys are usually deep . - i love deep guys ... shallow guys that do nothing but talk about football are sooo boring . :-) well , if you haven't dated a person that's not intelligent ... then you have no idea how much energy it takes to dumb down . - it's not worth it . for me , what i consider smart is someone that is on ... i watch behavior very very very closely . if a person ( even another infj ... yes there are some really bad infj's out there and unfortunately i've met them in person cuz of my past job or come ... i was on facebook and didn't look at the name of the guy or that it was a post of a picture of a friend's husband ... i assumed it was a friend of mine that is a guy that looks very ... yes ! exactly ! check mark to every point that you made ! so glad to see that i'm not the only one ... yes , intelligent guys are more fun to talk to and are able to get deeper ... whereas guys that ... yes , agreed . i can't stand arrogant people either . - i can't stand narcissistic people . - usually people who are that cocky and have a know it all attitude are actually very stupid and don't know ... '