' i'm shocked at the level of insight and perspective you just hashed out . i have to ponder on it more ... you sound like you're onto something , especially given that 3s are active , success driven ... how do you stay motivated in life ? how do you actually apply yourself and not just observe / stare at a wall all day thinking ? do you struggle with any of these ? help : laughing : man . i'm sorry i am not old enough to have a legit viewpoint . i'll try to remain close to my age in thinking so i don't upset your stereotype . so you are telling me that it's my fault because ... taking a philosophy course ... haha and it's not clear cut like that , at all . from what i've read , culture you grow up in has a massive impact on people's perception of right and wrong . take donald ... i always find people who think like this , that relationships are trapping to them haven't really matured yet . and i do not mean that as an insult , but it's saying i don't want to care , or have ... i was saying in general , not everyone . ofcourse there would be thin people who worried about their weight anyway . but from experience , thin people ( naturally thin ) do not worry as much as heavier ... i'm surprised at all the infjs here saying they are better off alone . i thought we thrived off of emotional connection ? especially when it comes to sex . when we are alone there's none of that . i feel like this is an obscure question because although an infj is more prone to eating healthy ( it's our se , and desire for perfectionism and so on ) this question has a lot more to do with ... says the intj : laughing : i find entps attractive ( i think it's the intelligence side that's a breath of fresh air ... and much more ) but damn this thread , and finally your comment , opened my eyes to be cautious with any entp ... i just bursted out laughing , thanks for the laugh . i'm not sure if i agree totally , because .. it still doesn't fit .. i can't see him ignoring / cutting off communication as a sign ... he needs his space , but rather lack of interest ... i'd have to wait ... no , my thing was that he was taking space and not talking anyway ... yet claimed he had affections . this totally throws me a curve ball because shouldn't someone with fe , especially an isfj be wanting ... 5306745306 8253069 0 just my face ! ( taken last night ) :p roud : . p . s . these pictures aren't my resting face , i look aloof or intense ... like someone shot my dog , or i'm ready to shoot someone elses ' ... oh golly , well i have a question for you isfjs ... as lovely as you are i have an issue with one ! so , i met a male isfj a few months back , we talked endlessly .. and he said he shared with me ... okay , so one of ( i am assuming a lot of infjs have this too ) the problems i have is i procrastinate , i do not mean for an hour ... i can procrastinate for an entire damn year ... it is so ... to cut to the chase , i use to be extremely ... empathetic to the point i would do anything for my worst enemy . i've lost friends that were like siblings to me , and got into an abusive / controlling ... i flirt with sarcasm , if he can take it and dish it back ... that's my ultimate paradise right there . very goofy . i am different though , i can be goofy everywhere in any situation , and it can be me being witty and sarcastic which is unfortunate because i've had people assume i'm on some sort of power ... i find this puzzling , why do i have to be dating an istp for them to care about my happiness ? and you're right , i doubt we will be friends much longer ... he shifts every time we talk , some days ... not besides that , and telling me he wants to speak with me throughout the day , but obviously doesn't actually do it . along those lines . exactly why one of the reasons it doesn't add up . i would never ignore someone's text for day ( s ) . woah , okay . we're not dating because it wouldn't be wise to do so . and i care for him , but this ^ as i mentioned above is like contradictory to me . i never need space from those i care ... he's an istp , and an 8w7 and i'm an infj 6w5 . he often needs alone time , and if we ever get into a disagreement he needs space again . recently we went a week without speaking because of a ... i've come really close to an istp male friend of mine . i know , danger ... but i don't want to discredit a relationship / friendship just over him being an istp . but i'm running into problems ... thanks for the input . i'll look into it : kitteh : . as someone with anxiety , yeah i remain that it's offensive but i did not mean that in a way where i'm mad at you . or that you're stupid . rather , ... just because enneagram teaches such a thing doesn't mean it is the truth . having anxiety i find it very offensive and i have seen others be offended because their family says the same thing . i have ... that's an interesting take on how someone gather's energy . estp makes more sense maybe i'm completely wrong about entp . about the esfj or enfj for colette you're right she does that but the ... it's quiet offensive what you said . it's blaming the individual for their own fears because all they have to do is simply ignore it . i do that , the character feels like it has the same fingerprint it's so damn closely relatable . . there is no similarities at all to an istp . he could be an estp though . he's extroverted because an introvert would get exhausted by how much is going on in their family yet he's still running around ... that's just a terrible answer . : laughing : if only . my point was how do you live without fear being the reason behind your actions ? for ps and cps this will look differently so i was trying to give a precise example so someone wouldn't say face your ... i also wanted to add that collette being an enneagram 2 , she could come off similar to an esfj because of that alone . therefore be an enfj that has enneagram that looks like an esfj . does that make ... shay totally agree , i just learned about enneagram and totally thought shay was a 7 and collette was a 2 ( the relationship description for a 7 and a 2 is identical to them so that confirms it ) ... cps and ps deal with anxiety equally , yes . they deal with it differently which is i stated how do you not react out of fear ? the common remedy for anxiety is to do that which causes you anxiety ... i suffer from anxiety that's pretty bad , to the point of mental illnesses . i can't even leave my home some days . as we all know type 6 ' s are the anxious type , more anxious than the rest . phobics how ... i feel you . articulation comes so damn easy for them , by that i mean when they do explain something it's like silk . i'll be over here forever jealous . : unsure : yes i do . mbti is just a form of explaining people but it only goes to a certain point . as for this site , i treat it like fun : laughing : it's so damn amazing to be able to communicate with people ... ah i feel like i'm intruding but i'ma post anyway : kitteh : 1 . tarzan 2 . hunger games catching fire 3 . mulan 4 . lord of the rings 5 . harry potter 6 . little mermaid 7 . x-men movies 8 ... those things you listed make me really happy too . it's hard to say if it's an infj thing or an enneagram thing ... or both . enneagram 5 ' s ( which is your wing and my wing ) feel satisfied when they ... or you could you have an addiction to self-control : wink : this is what should be in modern art galleries . i would say so . infjs form deep bonds and things that mean a lot or help us it's very hard to let go . there's tools out there such that can help . i haven't found that one thing that has just ... booyah ! lottery sounds like extreme fun . i-see-ghosts 183930 wylielise 183938 1839 06 working on a harry potter piece . it's taking awhile for me to finish it since i don't know what it is .. but i'm not enjoying the process . your serious and respectful input is refreshing . i have to prepare to be insulted multiple times before i get to a non-insulting post . found it ! : kitteh : all the time . right now i'm trying to find that spark so i can do things with passion . i hate the boring ol ' life . : rolleyes : '