' that was amazing jibberish that bordered on making sense when was the last time your opinion of somebody was so high you thought they were capable of helping you if only you asked ? just because you don't feel shame doesn't mean your main motivation isn't avoiding feeling it . if you think it's wrong give an example of something motivates you where shame isn't a consideration ... we don't need them . swearing is part of language , and we have guidelines on how to use language . therefore it's just basic logic . don't use bitterness / evil / cursing etc in speech :) saying you need ... but we don't have to find general principles on the topic of speech we should use , there are many specific and direct instructions . you're just putting extra rules on yourself because you want ... so what's happening ? did you kiss him yet ? i need updates ... for science . the burger one is funny , makes me smile anyway . i've just found that i have a soft spot for amusing t-shirts and a few other intp's i know also like them . i was ordering a free t-shirt from vista ... okay so 1 corinthians 8 is saying , it doesn't matter if you eat from an idols temple . might not matter to you , doesn't matter to god , but if somebody see's you in there , they might think you are ... so you're saying , the bible says , we should always avoid saying anything that offends people ? edit : the meaning of a word should offend somebody , not the word itself . i will not allow for other ... swearing in the sense i'm talking about wasn't invented yet as far as i know ( aka , there is no biblical position ) i guess the closest i can think of is in matthew 23:33 , he uses a metaphor as an ... i can't believe you asked how to get rid of pointless feelings anyway . you obviously haven't watch the inside-out ( 2015 ) movie xd i think this is actually important to note . i think a lot of people in usa who are classed as left wing would have a hard time deciding who to vote for in other countries . for instance i think i'm ... do you have many funny t-shirts , do you only wear funny t-shirts ? post some or just what they say . my favourite that i've had is fat people are hard to kidnap being of a culture is not something to forgive . read galatians etc . it's like grrr they're not being jewish enough ! and it's met with they don't have to be jewish to be christian , get over ... if the words that are left out of your vocabulary is the most defining thing about how others see you , you're a failure as a christian xd the way i see it , ( and i have seen it ) , is somebody new ... thank you ! it is never easy . honestly i do not care if people refrain from swearing , but calling people out for swearing ( if they aren't abusing people ) is hardly living up to romans 14:1 , 5 ( msg ) ... seems like the same thing again , neither filthiness , nor foolish talking , nor coarse jesting this is not talking about the words you use , but the content of those words . it is saying , don't ... and none of those are applicable to modern day swearing in the slightest . in fact i could say , my god is fucking amazing and it would be more of a blessing to god than if i said god is amazing . there ... yes our default state is damnation from birth . which our ancestors chose for us . not fair , but nothing to do with god . you can say , it's not a fair system he created , but there are no alternatives ... why ? what's wrong with my language ? i agree it does accomplish nothing , kind of like how being against swearing accomplishes nothing other than reinforcing class based elitism xd i didn't insult ... there is also no parallel between sola scriptura and protestantism in my experience ... for one , who says god told / called me to do this more than protestants . that's direct extra-biblical ... well this thread degenerated quickly that literally has nothing to do with weather the things are literal or not xd i'd say you're right and nobody has ever died from bad poetry but ... vogons ... * to get there all your quotes seem to be all about how you're going to be great , do great , and nothing about doing anything for anybody else . you need to come up with some bullshit to pretend ... god doesn't condemn us though in any way , sin does . god gave us a work-around ( of us fucking our own eternity up ) through christ , if people don't take it they go to hell ( because of what we've done , ... lol ... i guess there's no doubting his power then . not sure what your point is exactly . a lie of the ignorant who have no idea how much harder it is to live as a christian . psalm 137 seems literal to me , as in he ( psalmist ) literally wants them all wiped out and their babies . i do not have a problem with god condoning genocide . of course he can . he commands israelites ... i thought they were supposed to be terrible ? all good advice , except for the first one which isn't really advice but ( from context ) more like ... whoever invades those fucking baylonians are ... i also think this extends to posting / publishing satire about stupid popular opinion , in the vein of stephen colberts old show the colbert report . basically all he did was take a political stance that ... mentally ill serial killers act on their conscience too , and they seem pretty on the ball . ahhh the first world , those who aligned with nato during the cold war . as relevant as ever . oh dear lord , i almost slipped into a coma in the first 2 minutes watching that . i'm 4 years your senior , and have a 5 & 6yo . wisconsin to texas is the same distance as brisbane to adelaide , i wouldn't ... proverbs 26:4- 5good news translation ( gnt ) 4 if you answer a silly question , you are just as silly as the person who asked it . 5 give a silly answer to a silly question , and the one who asked ... lol i'm too old , that kind of road trip is out of range of consideration . for starters , i would need to pee and get a snack every 250 miles anyway , add to that having a family it would definitely ... from what i understand the tesla onboard computer will tell you how long your trip will be with charging included ( i think ? ) , it definitely integrates it's charging points into your gps navigation ... they actually do make effort to make their charging stations next to shops or restaurants already . also i think they have started to ' partner ' with shopping malls and parking structures ... that kind ... no sorry i didn't say that . i said makes people want to have sex with them , other people , as in they themselves do not want anything . yeah i don't think petrol stations will fork out the money to put one in , but nobody is saying they have or should . it's third party chargers who want to say you can go anywhere with us , and they ... i thought i just said it isn't , so if i'm wrong please explain how i'm wrong . obviously i don't know what sexual attraction is . currency is a cool concept ? this is why australia has been rolling out 100mbit to country areas first . the problem is most people live in the city and they don't care about anybody but themselves . all they do is complain they ... when you start looking into food , the problems are that nearly all vitamins and minerals are used by the body ... like ... 90 % more effectively when eaten in combination with a particular other ... i have never known an intp to look at somebody sexy and think , wow i'd like to have sex with them . it's like an intellectual exercise they are sexy because they have all the attributes that make ... i think the intp in me just doesn't know how to prioritize these things lol look at this , she think's she's hot but she's a six at best . sad . not all information is going to be in a format you like . you can still take information and research it's validity and hold it against evidence yourself . not everything needs to be wrapped up in a ... so they can enjoy sex , but want a partner to share life with , and if the partner wants sex they're probably happy to have sex to keep their partner happy because they know how humans work , and enjoy ... lol i wouldn't . i don't over-analyse much at all . i did when i was younger and was full of self doubt . now i think everything will work out , because i'm generally fantastic . i would start ... finn cakes ! '