' i'll leave that for you then . what do you mean ? i bet ni causes all sorts of depersonalization issues . well , when you live the life of a delusional biological mechanism , you'd find yourself quite weak as well . hah , np . i think the only two preferences , which i've noticed , is that i tend to keep my eyes relaxed and opened , also my breathing rhythm will increase naturally and there is conscious awareness ... i know watching the breath is the norm , but i'm surprised more people aren't into focusing on their body and how it's placed in the room spatially . i've experienced an immense increase in mental ... te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 20 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 90 % ) your valuation of / adherence to ... all wannabie writers , no ? yeah , i'm fucking bored . boredom does . they're trying to alter the ' social game ' to where either side agrees to ' accept ' one another's , assumed , tendencies . basically , intps can't call infj's shallow-dramatic to feign individuation while ... aye , type 4 neuroticism might though . maybe , depends on the context of the individual . type 5 tends to be more cynical , than hopeless . i've seen quite a few with type 4 tendencies - - the woes of nihilism . economics . 211298 ahh , the pseudo-rational individual hell bent on living a life of analogy . can't save everyone . 211274 fake it till you make it - - you'll be a real girl , some day , b00bzcchio . oh , i thought you were a roobot . * sees reply count * oh shit , okay , i've made some people mad . yes , in your fantasy world . o'right , you're doing it here - - quite the turd . silly roobot , we're not talking about vitamins . why is this an entp thing ? what if it's just an ass hole thing and people use the guise of entp to make it seem okay to express themselves in a anti social manner . i just picked up some phenibut . it's great ( * for socializing , speaking my mind ) , but i've heard it's easy to build a tolerance on said drug ( some people claim it's nootropic , but it's quite a ... passive aggressive - - seems to check out i'm iffy - - everyone wants to believe they know their subconscious tendencies . our capacity to write things down , create words and systems for things we observe , amplifies our capacity to explore a phenomenon ; it's more or less an extension of our cognition . whales and dolphins ... oh you know ... the complexity that forms between self awareness and capriciousness , madness and fact checking . one does not simply bump without a rump . degrades into gnarfo terrorism quite quickly ; intp principles fail to bring order to other types running a muck . laugh more .. at these absurdities . try not to take yourself , or reality , too seriously . totes mang ' up in the hizzo so why get down on the buggly wuzzfozzdoolezes if you think such things don't matter all is green you're saying ... i have to go outside more ? do you have a youtubes playlist of all the crummy music you listen to ? true , might as well cut out the simple sugars from time to time . mei oui - - le royksopp   isn't there a music thread already ? edits erriware ... surfs up dudes - - nothing better than riding a wave of human ejaculate into the wee hours of the morning . do you really not care ? troll is a type ? i think you're onto something . it's not a contradiction terms : two systems of thought are being applied ; an introversion and extroversion scale that describes sociability and another scale that describes the preference for a ... ti filtering fe to avoid perceived outcomes or to induce outcomes ; it can be seen as a form of manipulation , but it's not necessarily directed at you , but at himself . * this behavior is a cognitive ... intps are slightly more neurotic . such an individual would most like be quite adept at taking two systems , comparing them , identifying subtle differences , then offer possible reasons for said differences . the more developed ne is , ... alcoholism . nope - - all my autisms agree . giving fien cs : go lessons . dat aim assist '