' i just enjoy helping people and making people happy . ^ _ ^ easy would be me saying yes to everything and everybody that would want me , i guess go for it ^ _ ^ or at least , i think i'm an enfp . i went from infp , to a confusion between enfp / infp , now i think i'm slightly more e ... so . i have become a fellow enfp . i love you <3 very true , but why limit your possibilities ? i understand that it's a mbti site , but it's about personality in general too . i think it'd be up to the user's discretion on how to use it ! but , as ... honestly , i was going to donate when i could , but - - as far as types goes ? it doesn't matter to me . as long as we can love each other and such then i'm happy ^ ^ welcome to personality cafe . i hope you enjoy your stay ~ most epic film ever . i would love to fight a league of evil exes . that's a perfectly fine feeling . that's how i felt . i wanted to save my first kiss for someone i truly adored and loved ... though , unfortunately . but do what you feel is right <3  ... ed , edd , and eddie . :D i love hugging . everyone :D the land of heaven and chaos , cause then the martian eating ninja pies came down and fought against the others in hardcore one on one duels , death suffering and the cries of the ethereal shattering ... alright . well it's almost time , saturday / sunday , so ... if you can make it , please do ! and if not , then there's always next year ! :D honestly , i would go out with someone i love regardless of what type they are . as long as the person is a healthy individual , and that i completely be comfortable with being around then i'm happy . ... i'm a sanja . a samurai-ninja . : d have a blast : d yes i totally would hoook up with lullaby . she can read me bedtime stories <3 op , i love your post , and i totally agree with you omar . you two practically took the words out of my mouth ! you're all beautiful , you're all human , you all breathe and live like a human being ... i get a great satisfaction out of popping zits and hearing them pop for some reason . i feel as if i won a battle . i know my dad is an istp , and my mom is an infj , and i think my oldest brother is an intj . my youngest , older brother is an esfp . i'm not too sure on my second oldest brother though . xd i had a dream where i fought godzilla and a tentacle monster thing with a sword backpack and a car . it was freaking amazing . i have no idea what the dream meant , but i know that it was ... no , i do not fit in with my society and culture , nor do i try to fit in . i don't mind it . to me is actually rather amusing . xd i've had to carry my own man-purse before . it doesn't bother me at all . thanks ectoplasm xd wish you could make it . it'd be nice to see you : 3 oops . misread . i've always wanted to be the birth giver of cars . whether to draw them on a piece of paper , or build them from the ground up in garages . they're so lovely to watch , and i would ... i'm sure . i'm glad to hear . <3 i am going to be trying very hard to be the best host my soul offers me to be . and i can always use this as an experience ! ^ ^ i'm sure things'll go well . thanks . ^ ^ i just hope it's convenient for people to be able to make it down here during that time xd someone i can love with all my heart , who would appreciate and connect with me , as well as understand the beliefs and return my love . not much to it . xd anything . erotica , romance , fantasy ... just about anything i feel like writing when i feel like writing . xd i'm good at poems , writing to express my heartfelt emotions . i can break these cuffs ! oh hey what ? infp with extroverted qualities ? well now , i'd must say that my spontaneous happy-go-lucky battle warcries in real life and my love to dance would fall under ... yes yes yes ! i will voluntarily go and hang out at my friends ' ! i do so everyday , i am out with a fairly large group and i fit along with them just fine . i have no problems talking too or meeting ... hey all my nf friends and family , how are you ? just a couple months back , i had posted up plans for the nf convention , or hangout , or get together , or whatever the heck you wanna call it . the ... mialrin aluriur : 3 pulled that out of my head . xd i doubt it'd work though depends on what your definite of dirty is ... i have a dirty mind . i guess . but it just depends on the perspective . xd i know plenty . like all the others on this forum . <3 i'm a pretty calm and fast driver . i don't get that bad of road rage . :D er .. not scary , but random and wtf kinda expressions are what i get . xd passion , creation , writing , emotion , cars , words , and the spiritual essence of life itself , love and expression of one's self in creative ways . : 3 i wanna meet up with you and show you what i'm thinking i'll take you anywhere that you wanna go i'm sitting here bored and lonely and you know that anytime you're free to show me how you ... oh yeah . i would . totally :D rofl ! i smell my armpits . sometimes ... cause i'm bored o . o ; congrats :D mm , i forget their names but i like hentai artist's artwork . when they aren't drawing hentai . xd their work are some of the most detailed things in the anime world , ever . welcome to personality cafe ! enjoy your stay : 3 i sing and dance no matter where i am , even if i'm in my tank tops and briefs . :D you make me happy . <3 '