' i usually prefer sci-fi over fantasy because it is loosely grounded in truth . lol ! huge fan of the new star wars ! yes , i did love studying biology in undergrad ! currently i study graduate level ... entps 1 . imaginative 2 . playful 3 . spontaneous 4 . unorthodox 5 . visionary dad : intj mom : esfj me : entj brother : estp sister : esfj brother : intp that's so interesting ! while my one enfp friend loves science , she and other enfps that i know also love fantasy and fiction so i was always under the impression that those imaginative genres had a ... good luck ! it seems that it would be incredibly taxing but you show a curiosity in the subject matter which will undoubtedly help ! you mentioned in an earlier post that you also enjoy looking at ... i took a few forensics courses in undergrad and i'm about to take a graduate course in neuroscience . i liked forensics but not nearly as much as organic chemistry or physical chemistry . i love ... haha i'm not sure you're weird so much as you're inquisitive ! i'll admit that i am curious about the psychology of poorly socialized individuals but i don't usually think about it in the moment of ... well biology was and is my first love and i'm so fortunate that i studied it all through undergrad ! what do you find interesting about biology , forensic chemistry , and neuroanatomy ? hahahaha you make a great point how a lot of scientists will dismiss psychology as a soft science . in undergrad , my secondary major was anthropology and i minored in the classics so i'll avoid the ... one of my closest friends is an enfp who teaches high school biology . our friendship is partly grounded in our shared love of science . for the enfps who are interested in science , is it a career ... dear esfjs , thanks for always baking cookies , brownies , and other various baked goods no matter the occasion . you are all the best hosts and hostesses knowing how to run a party , comfort friends ... focus on how to bring your inner ideals to reality in a practical manner . if you just try to make yourself more efficient for the sake of being efficient , you're going to get really frustrated . ... i'm sorry to hear that you grew up in an environment with abuse . i agree with your broad definition of abuse . it's unfortunate that the policing against abuse usually focuses on physical abuse or ... i would argue that your definition of abusive is rather narrow . i'm a mandated reporter in my state so i take the accusation of abuse very seriously . if a parent or an adult is consistently ... entj here . i have an esfj mom and an intj dad . not sure i can totally relate to your situation because i have only one sj parent as opposed to two sj parents . but here is what advice i can give you ... it's okay to be nice ... honesty and loyalty are the cornerstones of any friendship . if you're not going to be real with me or you're not going to stick around with me , then i don't bother wasting my time . after that , ... style has to be a tier 1 special ops force . i admire the precision of their training and their efficiency in eliminating any contemporary , similarly-sized opposition . preferably devgru or cia sad ... haha i'm john lol sitting in a dc starbucks waiting for my friend to get out of work from the treasury . still have an hour and a half to go ... yep and it's just as popular in those languages too ... lol ! yeah ... it's like the only name that's been top 10 for the last 100 years yahweh is gracious entj 8w7 when someone tells you they locked the keys in the car i regret that one letter ... hahahaha ! i regret a lot of things but if i had to name one thing it would be that i regret not listening to my mom's advice as much through college . i looked down at ... there are many important people in my life and i think that's good to show them from time to time that they mean a lot to me . i enjoy giving gifts to the people important in my life . i'm not big into ... yes and no . if you've got a really underdeveloped entj or intj , the differences are exacerbated . the entj will parade around obnoxiously and the intj will be anti-social . most entjs and intjs ... my undergraduate adviser told me that i should take latin ... it was a terrible idea . i hated the classes and it's not very useful for what i like to study . like i said , i probably would've taken ... i definitely agree with this ! i hear a lot of people calling vegeta an intj and a few people call him an xstj but to me he's clearly an entj . here's my breakdown of his functions . te : vegeta is ... how many languages can you speak / have you learned ? i am a native english speaker and have learned spanish and latin in a formal academic setting . my spanish is fairly strong while my latin leaves a ... haha sorry for the late reply oriano ! sounds like a lot of stories i've heard about people finding out their type ! that sounds very happy with the connection that you share with your ... i'm an entj with an intj father and an esfj mom . get along with my dad really well . we pretty much know what the other person will say before the other says it . only times we clash is when he gets ... hiya melancholie ! welcome to perc ! so you're an infp ? cool stuff infps are some of my favorite people ! glad you finally decided to join ! definitely get out there and tell people about yourself ! ... well there's two options from what i've heard . one you could be an infp who is just more comfortable in their environment now so you're showing your personality more . or you could be an enfp who may ... haha i love a good fight ! intjs are the only type i think can go toe-to-toe with me . you're alright man . hahahaha ! you're calling me childish ? ! you are one hilarious dude my man ! i'd love to have you in my life . i always enjoy putting a snotnose in his place . i think you're the one with a childish ... haha i hope i don't have too much film to watch . seeing my ass being burnt , that would kill my ego and make me all sensitive . i could end up all isfp-like and starting trying to spread the feels with ... how did you know ae1905 ? the mascot for our team was actually the carebears ! i wore a purple uniform with pink hearts all about ! a good heart to heart gets in the head of any wr . crying on each ... if you support gay marriage , back up your beliefs with your talk . contradicting those beliefs with some childish insult makes you look like the one with small brains . heck yeah i'd play you in ... haha every db gets burnt like toast sometimes . i just have to have a selective memory during the game ! but when i watch film , believe me i focus on the tds i get beat on . it's the only way to get ... you're a good guy mnis ! i like you already man ! one of my closest friends on my team was an enfp and he always did feel bad about beating out people for starting spots . but the man was the heart and ... darn it ... stupid no fun league . lol ! all right chiaroscuro . we don't have to play my game . i'll play your game . but question someone's sexuality ? c'mon man . are you a transplant from the days when they burned witches ? and intjs say they ... haha i played cornerback and safety ! ( andrew luck just happens to be my favorite football player . ) so i know all about the brutality of the sport ! i had to have an abundance of confidence to keep ... looks like i missed a lot ! i always pull through man ! i find ways to win ! all i need is one good foot to dance ! maybe i'll do a pirouette . haha if my words get into your head , my mouth ... a little trash talk is always good man ! gets your blood up and gets you pumped ! and you can get in your opponent's head in mess with their performance ! so long as your play backs up your words , you ... even if i do shoot myself in the foot , i can still limp to victory over your sorry performance ! hari kari implies surrender . you don't know me at all if you think surrender is an option on my ... haha i didn't say that it's all me man ! i don't win without my team but i know my job and that's to be a star who makes plays ! i give credit where credit is due but you're not on my team so i'm ... i don't do offense and i don't do defense ! i just play and i play to win ! and trust me , i win a lot ! so you may think i'm just playing defense . but imma take the ball from you and start dancing in ... call the play or the player shitty all you want . but when i'm dancing with the trophy , don't say i didn't tell you not to mess with the best ! '