' what is up , y'all ? okay , so usually i'll just drift apart from friends . now that i'm a mom , though , i find that i have a difficult time being friends with other moms with vastly different parenting values . if i ... i agree with the poster who said to just talk to her . i'm an isfp married to an intj and during our pre-marriage relationship , i was super needy and called a bajillion times , especially if he ... orthodox christian . i grew up going to a baptist church . fell away from church during my teen years . explored different expressions of beliefs and have recently converted to orthodoxy . another sp checking in who has been treated for adhd by many , many meds in the past . ( currently freee : frolic ) so today i was balancing how much gas i'll need in my car this week for work vs . how much money i wanted to spend at a direct sales party . cool looking utility totes and bins last longer than my tank ... lol i actually have 3/4 of a tank of gas in my car right now , and tonight was pizza night . yay ! lol . but the gas light in my car has come on more in the last year than it had ever come on in the 10 ... yes ! i don't know why , but i'm definitely in my tribe ! lol . okay , so i haven't really read your post in its entirety ( sorry ) , but i'd say go for maintenance mechanic as a primary , and as time allows , you can do fitness training in any spare time ( evenings , ... i had to stop watching after 3 of the little clips because my ' net sucks and it was going slow . and each clip starts out slow anyway . but like the above poster , i enjoy watching the actual action ... for the most part , i find nts to be analytical and sometimes a little cold / clinical . or uptight . not always uptight , though . i like most nts , but sometimes i can be caught off guard by them . my net sucks too badly to be able to efficiently watch vids here online , but i'll try to remember ! :) i know i'm def an sfp , and my i / e function varies a little , i think . i'm not too strong either ... i like parties with weird histories ( example : husband's nephew's birthday parties , with my mother in law and her ex husband and his flavor of the week with him , and many other characters there ... ) - ... it's been said that the sp answer to this question is as long as the chicken made it safely , we shouldn't question her motives . ;) thank you for posting this . i saw kony all over fb , but with my terrible internet i knew i wouldn't be able to get the video to load timely enough . i'm an esfp and i got orange . this was the first time i'd taken the true colors test . my results were : orange 18 blue 15 green 12 gold 5 oh yeah . lol . um , fun . like , dancing on the performance stage at a bar , laughing at everything kind of fun . except that one time i yelled at a girl for hitting on one of my friends . um ... yeah . at least i ... oooh ! instinctual ! ! ! i love it ! that very much sounds like me ! ( especially in regards to the way i've parented my child . the word instinct just feels very indirectly / directly related to parenting , ... as an sp who would be an sf in your list , i might call sfs fixers . as in , we see a need , we need to help someone or fix something so everyone is happy or fulfilled , etc . lol ... not only are istps kind and sincere , but they are also playful , apparently . : giggle : hmm , i'm not sure . i alternate - i guess i do have a sweet tooth . but i also love creamy , savory dishes , and things with other seasonings as well . my mother , who is an istj , has a major sweet ... i think many people probably have one or a few parts of their mbti that are close and kind of teeter back and forth , but i tend to think that ( at least for me ) the i / e is least important . it bugs me ... well , as long as we're able to go off of stereotypes and personal experiences , i say isfp or istp . based on my spouse's type ( intj ) and my type ( either esfp or isfp , i'm not fully certain ) - we either have conflicting relations ( when i marked myself as esfp ) ... or relations of activity ( when i ... i'm guessing vinny is an isfp . maybe snooki as an esfp . hm , idk , anyone wanna throw out guesses about them ? vinny snooki deena jenni sam hm . i think i might actually be tilted a little more on the e side . i'm reading keirsey's book right now . it's so weird - i find myself fighting the idea that i'm either i or e . around is , i seem super extroverted . around es , i seem pretty shy and akward . let's have a commune somewhere . nevermind , ... hey , i remember last month you mentioned that you needed to bounce some thoughts off of me . i didn't want you to think i forgot . has anything been bothering you lately ? yay , my tribe ! : giggle maybe this is why i test at borderline i / e ! ! ! most of the time , yes . i totally did that . after my 2 year degree , i needed something exciting in my life to happen . so i moved 1000 + miles and got married immediately after the semester ended . : shiftylook : i didn't ... i do it . kind of a lot . but my i / e is a total toss-up . ( maybe i am an e ... i don't even feel bad about it ... lol . ) omg , i haven't heard that britney spears song in foreverrr ! on some celeb mbti celeb list , i saw that b . spears is an isfp . so i might have forgotten a lot of things on my list . cooking ( if someone else cleans up the mess :P ) drinking new wines ( and old wines ... : shifty ) beadwork ( native american beadwork , ... self-talk . i repeat things over in my head to talk myself down , it isn't my job to parent everyone . don't say anything to that person about that horrible thing they're doing to their kid , you ... i always hated fashion and felt super self-conscious and like i couldn't put an outfit together . : hug so itu . i have a comfort-thing , too . i can not wear anything tight around my neck - absolutely ... okay , so , kind of reviving this . :) love everyone's style . for the last year + , i've been learning more about a program called dressing your truth . i'm a type 3 . ( there are 4 types . ) you're ... totally experience this . i'm definitely the give someone on the street the coat off my back type of person , and if i don't help someone , i end up literally in tears . i find myself so torn over ... hi , i'm kathryn , an xsfp . ( on tests my i / e usually comes out equally expressed ) . i'm not incredibly familiar with enneagram , but my results seemed to be 7w6 , and my jungian cognitive function ... 29558 here's me :) at home on their computer ( ... chat room ... webcam ... ? ) at a bar by themselves having beer or wine and people watching . sometimes you'll see them kind of trying not to laugh at all the ridiculous ... when i skimmed through and saw hedonistic , i was like , well ... of course ... i kinda like to have fun and enjoy stuff ! :P lol . i like it sometimes because there are some people who i don't always want to be on the phone with . i like relaying something funny or frustrating / venty to my husband without expecting a response ... i'm married to an intj : frolic he's all serious and logical , and serial-killerish like you intjs and stuff ... and i'm just kind of fun and laid back and roll my eyes and try to do stuff to make him ... a lot of times i'll try to help them , if it's a stupid survey or something . if it's a wrong number , i'll say , oh ... um .. i think you've got the wrong number ... ( them : oh , okay , thanks ) ... okay , ... '