' i draw all the time . depends on the kind of introvert . i don't have any sort of journal or diary , although if there was some kind of adventure i was going on or the apocalypse occurs and i happen to survive i'd ... i guess everyone's different . i'd find it like a strategy game , probably . if i got bored of ruling the earth then i am sure there are better things i could do and just appoint someone else to do the ... i would personally go for world domination . if anything , it'd be entertaining . i can understand that objectively there is no point in ruling the earth , but then , there isn't much point in anything ... i'm an intp who generally enjoys thrash metal and heavy metal and punk moreso than any other genres of music . i also enjoy ska , techno , house , and psychobilly to name a few . the statement i could care less is oftentimes used incorrectly to attempt to show how much you don't care . but in those cases , it's impossible to really discern how much you don't care . i ... stylised skeletons ! k . some advice a friend has given me before : this is humorous , considering how unfitting my avatar is for my personality type . don't quote me on that . i sometimes have this problem , but normally only if i've been busy a lot previously and had planned to relax when someone else invites me to something . i try to decline and come up with excuses , ... if i come across a word i don't know the meaning of , i just type define : < insert word here > into google . who needs a dictionary . i tend to believe there is some sort of higher being out there , but maybe not . the important thing to remember is we'll likely never know until we die , and even then , what if that higher being ... more furry things . i'll draw something not furry eventually , i'm sure . or maybe not . well , we all have preferences . i think that's a given , and nothing to really worry about . does mutilating someone's leg by decimating their kneecap with a brick entitled the bloody red justice brick count . i know there are interesting people . that's why i tend to enjoy my more art-related classes in school . it's just that most of the school is incredibly generic . i suppose maybe that's due in part to ... bombings happen from time to time . it's fairly normal occurrence by now . everyone in america just seems plain unhappy , and i feel this is probably a result of that . i notice that few people venture outside of generic human behaviour , which makes their actions and thoughts too predictable and they bore me quite a bit . it's difficult for me to find many people ... usually sitting in the sun seems to help me feel better whenever i get depressed , which seems to be whenever i feel lonely . otherwise , i play video games until someone on skype or something wants to ... it was a joke . whichever type is the least mainstream . i'm your dream , make you real . i'm your eyes when you must steal . i'm your pain when you can't feel . i have a hard time believing you'll find intellectual havens here in america . while its original definition included utilising deceptive tactics to get people to believe false information or malicious instructions , middle schoolers on 9gag and le reddit trololol have ... more for the peoples . it's dependent on my mood . after a school day i'm usually done with social contact . if i go over to a friend's house i literally don't talk to anyone the rest of the night , save for skype chatting . i ... i'll be posting more when i have the time . that half-assed yeah that people give you when they're just pretending to listen because they feel whatever your saying is boring . if you're not interested in what i'm saying , why not just tell me ? ... so i draw . here is some of my drawings . here's a look of the fellow in my avatar , only ... when my ladyfriend ( internet ladyfriend , mind you ) came up to visit me , we got to cuddle for a while , and i don't think i have ever felt my fe more expressed in my life , because i felt pretty damn ... i do the same thing with the song in my head during tests or quizzes at school . though sometimes it distracts me and i feel i can't concentrate . maybe i'm just bored while taking them and start ... there are simply too many differing ideals and opinions for everyone to be perfectly happy with everything . there will always be someone dissatisfied with something , and this will obviously cause ... i'm doing okay . i'm sure there was a logical reason for these . i have this problem quite often , actually . i just try to break things up and accomplish finishing pieces of it . like when i'm drawing , i rarely sit down and draw an entire thing all at once . i ... i tend to exaggerate my speech often , though usually for my own amusement , and it gets me through a day at school with 3000 other kids . i personally don't mind people misinterpreting who i am . in ... other intp friend : i have sunburn . me : that's awful . how'd you get it ? friend : from the sun . me : i meant what activity you were performing when you got it . friend : being in it . thanks for the input . i tend to be very truthful and when someone asks how are you ? i will respond with how i'm doing , but i will try to remember to just say i'm fine to avoid the situation . ... it depends on the individual person and situation . i can analyse weaknesses as well , and whether or not i chose to exploit them depends on who the person is and how much i like ( or dislike ) them . so lately i've been having a few issues that are greatly affecting my life , but i don't want to talk about them to others . the conversation usually goes something like so : person : what's wrong ? ... important things , obviously . i understand your meaning , but it did not really address my point . but that doesn't have anything to do with it . probably a durian . those were fun to play with in super mario sunshine . i don't think you understand how trolling works . i sure wish i could be drawing at the moment . why , it's in my signature . '