' demanding ? not really . however , expecting ? yes . to finish this week and get my finals over with , and then start my summer . .. specifically windows 7 . the summer . i haven't had a summer to myself in years . i plan to start getting fit and working on some projects . carl's jr . spicy chicken sandwich . i haven't heard of anything like that , you should stick with one site and build on it . if you get traffic , people will mention your site on other blog sites anyway , then you'll get their traffic too . how'd you know ! ? i can't stand it when someone talks small talk , and only small talk . how could i have not thought of those ? fire ? fire's always the solution . seriously though , i think i'm just gonna treat them to some summer heat and hopefully they'll die out . i'm seeing these little buggers ( hah ) nearly everyday . they're orange colored , and are less than a centimeter in length . i think i have a colony of them growing somewhere in my monitor . advice ? i can't stop looping it ... so damn catchy . : crazy :: crazy :: crazy : i finished upgrading my turtles ' tank from a 10 gallon to a 30 gallon . i also upgraded my guppies ' tank too . lastly , i put some tile in my lizard's terrarium . believe it or not , this took me two ... lol , lmao , lmfao , lolz , soz , fail , epic , pwned . yeah , i know . i know right . i do it daily , you're not alone . kfc . i tried their grilled chicken for the first time today . i was disappointed . i look for people that think similarly and can go above and beyond small talk . most people i know are just acquaintances . i don't use failbook . but i do think it's ridiculous how people add ... heh , never thought about it that way . gonna go to sleep , i have a midterm tomorrow for biology . i plan to study during the 5 hours i have before the class . go me . i figured it out . next time i shouldn't be so click happy while thinking ... what does this button do ? ? thanks for your tip . has anyone ever tried that sleep every other 2 hours for an hour schedule ? i heard it works at first , but over time your lack of sleep will catch up with you . ... i have no clue . i was messing around with some options earlier , but nothing related to quotes nor notifications . i never got a notification for this quote . i found it through the quotes tab in the profile view . i broke my profile . there needs to be more of this . i don't watch them . i feel nothing when i stare at the screen ... except boredom . i get nothing out of it , and i feel like the plot is always exaggerated . a fairy tale love story ? sure . but how ... ... is there a way to become notified ? how do you know if someone responded to your post directly without subscribing ? procrastinating from studying for an exam tomorrow . sticking to the traditional phones , i see . if it ain't broke , don't fix it . what's the point of making a random sandwich if you're not gonna eat it ? i have a sluggish period around 9-11 pm , but after that , i get a spontaneous wave of energy . it keeps me going until 4-5 am on the weekends ... as you can see right now ( it's 4:46 am ) . :) i've been waiting to try this series ... damn i'm so behind . need new computer . if you have to force yourself to do it , motivation can only help so much . if you're just doing it for fun , why don't you do something that's actually fun ? if you don't even have the motivation to ... it's 4:33 am . i should be catching some z's . your stats are exactly like mine , except i take one more point out of shy and add it to active . i'm at college finishing up on something . about to go home in a few . i can't wait actually ... i took a midterm today and only had 3 hours of sleep last night . a kick-ass gaming rig and an awesome surround sound system a lamborghini ( not sure which model ) a playstation 3 big dreams . small dreams . i want . i dedicated the day to take my mom out shopping to buy some goldfish to add to the family fish tank . i wanted to do more , but sadly neither of us have the time . how ' bout you ? not getting any time to myself to unwind . those generic pairs of red eyes that peer through the darkness . i would think that if i opened my eyes after turning out the lights to sleep i would see ' em . bad nights ... ... oh , and gloves . socal here . what city are you in ? of course they did . it was on the internet , right ? and the internet is always right . why is this site abbreviated as perc instead of pc ? i finally finished crossing off a to-do list today , it was blissful . '