hi . :) so if you don't mind me asking , how so ? hey . :) thanks for your post . it seems you've had a pretty interesting life . i'm so sorry about the divorce and the bullies , but i'm glad you got to develop your hobbies and interests . :) how's it ... i guess i'll pay more attention to my introverted friends ' moods before trying to socialize ? really ? that's actually pretty interesting . :D for what ? you didn't do anything . :D i think it depends on the enfp and the infj . maybe a less extroverted enfp , or a more extroverted infj would have more success in a relationship with each other . or more or less judging / perceiving ... hey , thanks for your post . :) i find that infjs are very nice to be around , and i love conversing with them and having them as friends . :) they seem to ' get me ' in a lot of aspects . but as an ... oh , i'm sorry . he probably just really liked you and didn't want to lose you . but yeah , we can be too clingy , since relationships are so vital to us . its kinda a funny thing , since when we try to ... thanks . :) my friend and i got busy and didn't really connect , except to say ' hi ' and ' how are you ' whenever we passed by each other , while going our separate ways . but i've been thinking about ... well it depends on the enfp . some of us are pretty flighty and aren't satisfied with one thing for very long , but some of us are very loyal and will easily cling to one person who we really care ... thanks . :) you are awesomer . that's not a word , but whatever . :D 5 enfps ? that's cool . :) so how do they interact with each other ( if they know each other ) ? i'm curious . that's good ! :) i'm glad . hehe , the funny thing is , after you posted and said i was responsive , i got really busy and didn't have time to respond to anything . xd but i'm back now , so hi . :) and ... polly pockets and yu-gi-oh , yay ! :D i remember those . that sounds like a good childhood , except for the divorce , of course . sorry about that . :( huh , i used to do that lay-in-bed-and-fantasize ... panic attacks are not fun . i once had one when i was little ; when i realized there were actually people who liked to hurt other people in the world . can i ask why you had one , or would that be ... thanks for posting . i used to draw up imaginary characters all the time too . so i totally get that . :) thanks for the rating too , those are always helpful to me , as they help me get a better idea of ... thank you very much for posting . :) hey , i also have an istp brother . :D what medical condition was that ? i'm studying to become a missionary ... thanks for posting . :) you sound like a nice person and i'm really sorry about all that . ; ; i hope things are a lot better now . :) yes , that was long , but i like long posts . they're more informative ... thank you so much for your post ! :) it was quite helpful , and i enjoyed it . i like infps for a lot of the same reasons you like enfps , only i like infps more for being imaginative and understanding , ... i think they do take you seriously and really care about how you're doing . its just that we can be scatter-brained and jump from one thing to another , accidentally dismissing things or making it look ... yes , they are ! :) that's why i love children so much . they're so simple and innocent , yet they have this intelligence that most adults seem to lack . i think it actually comes from their innocent ... oh , i meant more like a 4w3 enfp , because that's what i am . it would be kinda weird to date myself . :) too much in common wouldn't promote much growth either , i don't think . but i would date any ... that sounds really awesome . :) :) well , mostly . i'm sorry about your dad's dark period . but anyway , thanks . :) i admire what you did for the butterflies . lol . xd that's hilarious . you sound like you were a pretty awesome kid :) but you're profile says you're type 9 : ' the peacekeeper , ' so it seems odd that you would pull cruel pranks . that's not ... i'm so sorry that you got lonely or depressed and all . :/ but your alone time does sound fun . :) i kept ( and keep ) lots of journals also , but i'm not very diligent . i mean , i write randomly rather ... infps are awesome ! :D i get along with them so well ! there's no one i can have a more comfortable conversation with ( except for other enfps . ) i'm a type 4 enfp and so i think that makes me a bit ... i like that viewpoint . :) just curious , what was your dad's type ? yes that helps , thank you . :) and i'm so sorry about your brother and your friends . :( you started playing at age 3 ? that's really cool . oh , i'm sorry . :/ how ? hello . :) enfp here . hi everyone . :) i read somewhere that some parents punish their children for living in a fantasy world , daydreaming a lot , pretending a lot , etc ... it seems to be , well , not ... do you know what i love about the infp forum ? they give me more replies and quicker replies than any other forum i've visited so far . :) so congrats , you're all awesome . :) ( and now that i've said ... yes i could see that being the case . but luckily , i think my life is pretty under control . last year though ; last year was chaotic . but i've grown a lot as a person since then , and the infjs i know ... :) yeah , i'm kinda like that too , except i'm quieter than most enfps because i daydream too much . :/ yeah , sorry about that ... :/ although i do tend to get places way too early rather than too late . :) i underestimate how much time i have . :/ that's better than overestimating i suppose . thanks ! :) i've seen one other video with this girl before , enough to know that she's awesome . and this one was really helpful , so thanks . :) thank you . :) that all sounds really fun . i think i'd like that . :) and thanks for the advice . i think i can take some criticism ; i mean i'm not really that sensitive . and i'm also so , so sorry ... hello . :) so , thanks for your post , and i want to ask : why do you consider the male enfps you met unhealthy ? oh hey , i'm type 4 ! :) do type 7s or type 4s seem more enfpish to you ? or are they ... thank you . :) so what type is your mom and why is she attracted to your dad ? if you have a mom , if you don't then i'm very sorry , and i hope your alright ... :) do you know any female enfps ? and if ... hello ! :) enfp here . :) could you infjs please describe any encounters or relationships ( friendships or otherwise ) with enfps ? what do you guys like / dislike about each other , and what do you ... hello . :) i'm an enfp , and i was just wondering , what is your honest opinion of enfps ? would they make good friends to you ? what aspects about them do you like / dislike ? would you ever consider a ... hi ! :) there's probably another thread like this somewhere or another , but i didn't see it . do you think an entp paired with an enfp could work well in a relationship ? or is it better to just ... i'm glad we can be perfectly honest without seeming rude , because that is one of my main goals . its sort of like being authentic , although i think being authentic is more of a general nf thing than ... thanks . :) thanks . :) edit : i just realized i said thanks twice , but i don't know how to delete one , so oh well . thanks for your post . :) i like infps because they make me comfortable , and they can be very kind and understanding . also , its fun to fantasize with them and they are like my less obnoxious self . the ... thanks for your post , and yes , i find that picture to be pretty spot on . :D could you tell me something about the qualities you and your enfp friend value in each other , and of the traits that ... speaking of being naive : its easy for me to be suspicious of people , because i read between the lines , but i choose to be optimistic and end up being overly naive and way too trusting . i can't seem ... why thank you . :) hi . :) can you please type the following people ? 1 . the avengers ( both movies ) and loki 2 . from star trek voyager : seven , janeway , chakotay , kim , paris , torres , doc , tuvok ( only say intj if you ... list of fictional crushes i've had from my childhood until now . ( in no particular order ) ( this is not nearly all of them ) 1 . peeta from the hunger games 2 . legolas from lotr :) 3 . aragorn from ...