' 304242 3042 50 i am going to be realistic here for myself : - enough weight lifting sets and 0.5- 1 mile run 3x week - youtube fetish ; sometimes i just repeat videos i like over and over again - _ - - watching movies ... complete loyalty / support and love throughout , even in times where you start doubting . accept him for who he is ( get ready for some awkwardness in the beginning and constant distant communications ... i also turn on my google maps with traffic info and scanner radio app in my area ( lapd always changes their ham frequencies often ; quite annoying compare to chp ) . but then i also focus on watching my ... one answer : lord jesus christ and the bible sometimes , when i tried to post images and others as well , its too tiny ( even clicking it doesn't resize it to the original size ) . you guys should let larger resolution of pictures allowed on ... i need to complain the webmaster of perc , image re sizing standards needs to change . just looking at that tiny chart , makes my eye sight bad ; can see colors but its too small 303730 generally , for me i don't like math at all ; i lost it after when i finished post-linear calculus or differential calculus in college . it's more about being patient and just staring at it like you ... came across this song in a xm radio playlist ( verse ) we walked til our souls wore thin with any luck we did it again we got drunk til the sun went down but it was funny cuz it never did ... matthew 24 3 as jesus was sitting on the mount of olives , the disciples came to him privately . x93tell us , x94 they said , x93when will this happen , and what will be the sign of your coming and of the end ... i don't like disney in general but this is the best short film i've seen ; i remember buying wreck-it ralph just for this and not ever watching wreck-it ralph haha i suggest try computer science , medical majors or in the sciences ; its hard but it will be well worth it when you graduate out of college with this ( even with just above 3.0 in these majors are going ... it depends , if its simple number calculations such as crunching numbers as a financial analyst or payroll then no problem however if its inferential or linear calculus on finding the exact ... sweet texting or calling ? 259330 in the ponds cool depths ; the happy frog plays in spring ; his life , a slow game . romans 1:18- 32 18 the wrath of god is being revealed from heaven against all the godlessness and wickedness of people , who suppress the truth by their wickedness , 19 since what may be known about ... that too haha this made my insides all gooey and nicely warm . one more thing if you do get further into a relationship ( applies to most infjs ); there will be a lot of times where he wants to be alone ( seems ... although not knowing this personality callsign , but in those fun information paper mats at chinese restaurants that has the chinese zodiacs on it and the animals that correlations to ; always avoid ... it's super cold out in la ; ~ 50 degrees ; just seeing outside my condo parking lot , people are turning into their homes :D probably got a legitimate excuse of not doing anything outside because its so ... i think the main thing that makes a infj sexy is the continuous inner strength / strong will and our staunch principle / beliefs that we inherited since birth ( which is very rare ) . sloth . yeah ... definitely a sloth peace corps ? humanitarian aid ? red cross ? it may not be paid but it leads to a job , especially if you done peace corps ; many employers including fortune 500 companies will value these kind of ... same , until i reach a certain milestone in my life or have / done something special , like marriage or a defining career , then probably . but even at that point , there's always thoughts of doing better ... you tempting me with food pronz ? : laughing : beware , its super freaky and scary . but even i wouldn't suggest watching it oxygen 5 years is plenty then , just be very subtle in your approach : wink : i wish you good luck sienna ! hopefully it will be a good day for the both of you ! you could try applying to the peace corps or doing a humanitarian aid but i think you might need a college degree it takes time for infj's to open up ( could a long time or short time ; it depends on the partner ) , deep inside infj's want genuine human interaction ; what we convey in the outside is completely ... glad to meet somebody who understands that propane is a great source of fuel , i'll tell you h'what : laughing : yeah don't worry , as long as you are very friendly , compassionate , honest , and sincere ... 186066 we just have a lot of humility so definitely not putting ourselves down . definitely give a very straight-forward answer ( eliminates misunderstandings ); for ex . i like you and i want to be more than ... i believe 유재석 / yoo jae-suk is an enfj , but i am not sure ; could be inxx ... btw is this thread limited to kpop members / comedians ? no actors or actresses ? 185594 just joking ... lawl oh i see that you fancy him ... he might be a in the en / es ~ type , doubt in the in ~ welcome to the forum ! hope you'll be able to be part of the community here as well i ( since i'm new too ) : happy : definitely ! thanks for the output , planning to speak with a recruiter about this soon . yeah hopefully the needs of the military can accommodate my choices because there's not much going on right now ; ... science is a man-made idea . if you think science is definite , then how come we don't have a cure to cancer already ? its already been 8 decades since the discovery of penicillin and cancer has existed ... thanks for the input ! yeah , that was the case for me to consider military service as a last resort but that mentality quickly changed over time for me . although , i am currently seeking out career ... same , i only picked a major where i can get easy 3.0+ gpa grades and breeze through like a chore but like everyone else you wished you had a degree in something that was worthy , like computer game ... smallest class : boolean algebra and logic about 350 ( at the start of the quarter ) largest class : programming in c / c + + as a second language ~ 970 ( offered once a year ) hi there fellow infj's ! this is my first time in this forum , so forgive me if i posted this in the wrong place . i thought it would be better to ask about these kind of questions to people who ... '