' i don't mind you resurfacing this at all . i appreciate your analysis . yay for the istjs and their questions ! i love fall . the colors , the holidays coming , school , warmer clothes ... but winter is too cold . and the snow makes it hard to get around . i have one really close , non-related friend who i spend a lot of time with . i am very good friends with my family , especially my mom , sister and grandma . i have a couple of good friends who i skype ... humility and joy . i just read this simple but profound list about letting go of people who are no longer a good part of your life . i think that as isfj's , one of our biggest difficulties is hanging onto bad ... isfj's are an interesting mix of outer and inner . we are balanced , or unbalanced , by the push and pull of two worlds : the world of emotion and inner focus and the world of people and action . so what ... i was reading through this site and chuckling maniacally the other night ; my family thinks i am nuts . unhappy hipsters i am a rabid fan of : 1 . legend of korra 2 . gotham 3 . doctor who 4 . almost anything from masterpiece classic or masterpiece contemporary bbc . i watch too much tv ... : p i am a christian , because it gives meaning to my life that i don't think exists outside of god . to be human is to to be a steward . we have been given responsibility unlike any other creature to cultivate and invest the resources that we have been put in charge over . i like to think of mankind ... i live at home , and i spend a lot of time working on things in my room . i go to a private school within walking distance from my house , but i do not like to hang out there between classes , so i ... i know only that everything is meaningless . i am a selfish , mean spirited sinner . material things die away . friends leave . everything is meaningless to me without christ . i don't say this to bang ... which is perfectly reasonable . nice clarification . that makes sense . i am absolutely horrible at reading other people . i tend to overanalyze everything and project my own feelings onto others . : ( thanks for sharing ! i totally understand the need for communication , and i appreciate your experience in an isfj friendship . i'm sorry to hear about your experience with the pill . i can see how that would change things . i'm surprised at how much this conversation tends to center around girl isfj's , which does make me ... so , i've been reading the post about how other types find us hard to be in a relationship with . i must say , it wasn't exactly the most fun thing to read . but that said , it left me with questions . ... never love anybody who treats you like you are ordinary . - oscar wilde i walk with quick , medium length strides , heel to toe . i tend to bounce , but in more of a busy way than a cute way . i usually have my hands pockets if i wear a coat . i wear low heels or boots , so i ... just to echo the others , words of affirmation ! notice the things that are important to me , that i do well , that i am working hard on and then compliment , encourage and ask questions . love me by ... i really like the last two photos ; the simple , clean style . but the ones before that are too busy . as far as my room goes , i try to have a minimal amount of things out . the things that are out ... [ quote = cheapsunglasses ; 12476138 ] the friendship became detrimental when the betrayal occurred . even after the betrayal happened and i physically removed myself from further contact , i still hold that ... is it really betrayal when the friendship is detrimental ? i think that you might be demonstrating an isfj mentality that makes it so hard for us to let go , the mentality that letting go of a friend ... i recently had to cut a friend out of my life . he was an istj , and we hung out pretty much constantly . he was not a very good friend . he didn't challenge me to be a better person , he wasn't really ... dear intj , you are the best friend i could have wished for . your ability to understand the thought processes of both sides of a story amazes me . thanks for putting up with all of my crazy ... i think that isfj's are investors . we tend to get really invested in the things that we are involved with : work , school , friends , e . t . c . this leads to a lot of hurt feelings because the emotional ... sounds like there's a story behind your comment .. ; ) 1 . i definitely am looking for the one . but i do believe , practically speaking , that there are many possible ones . 2 . i think that in order to maintain a relationship , there must be passion ... same deal ! my two friends are convinced that i am a extravert , because i am always the instigator of social outings . out of the three of us , i am the first to laugh , the first to suggest going out ... i think that the website has good , though highly specific , advice for an isfj trying to become physically healthy . detailed plans and emotional memories are like catnip for us . the odd thing ... greek homework . a friendship that i had to break up . the availability of chocolate . i think it is unfair to locate this problem only with attractive isfj's , especially since attractive is a subjective concept anyways . as isfj's , judgment is inherently part of our character ... haha ! 6 and 10 are spot on . although , i definitely need my close friends . i think isfj's make for excellent leaders but bad teachers . why ? because good teachers need to be able to confront / challenge students without taking it personally . because of our i f combination , the ... when you are unable to pull away from a harmful relationship , because in spite of how things stand , you see the potential of how they could stand . i always learned things the hard way . i was terribly lonely and did not make friends easily . i read a lot , and entertained myself with crafts . i think i may have just failed one of my finals . i wouldn't say that that isn't ambitious / driven . moving a relationship forward is not something to scoff at . : ) plus , a healthy marriage is a hard thing to obtain . i am very forgetful , especially when it comes to impersonal things , like school memorization . but i tend to remember things about people , like stories they shared with me . but i am not messy . i am ... i would say that i consistently shy away from some things , while i make a habit of standing up to other things . i make the choice based upon whether or not i think i can get a positive outcome from ... it's neat to have such an image of what i could possibly become . thanks for sharing ! i think it is possible to know your parents , especially as you grow up . as i have gotten older , it has been very important for me to understand my parents as individuals in order that i might be able ... i am a very even mix of both . as far as face shape , i look like my mom but i have my dad's hair texture , nose shape and height . even my personality is a mix . i am a great organizer and manager ... that makes a lot of sense . i like your clarification of driven vs . ambitious . i feel the same way ! i have a feeling my friends have no idea how mellow i am when i am not around them . it is very hard for me to hide my feelings , but on the other side , i have a hard time expressing my feelings . if i'm mad , everyone will know it , but it will take a while for me to be able to ... i've gone through the same thing . what is your favorite science ? isfj's are not usually characterized by ambition . we tend to stay where we feel safe and secure , in a nice introverted bubble where our feelings will not get hurt . but is that really true ? in ... i'm a girl , so this might not all transfer . i need honesty in any relationship , but i also need it to be said lovingly . the truth can be hurtful , so in approaching him you should make sure your ... '