' alright i've been reading a bit more about enneagram and posted the enneatype questionnaire on the enneagram forums and - - i was just typed as 6w7 by two people xdd talk about mistyping ... but i was ... i'd love for you to type me too , as i'm far from being sure of my type . going to fill the form :D d i'm an isfj and i can act like a total jerk sometimes . we're not saints :D i don't think i know any estps personally , but mbti isn't about what you do - but more about how you function . everyone's ... hmmm . how would you define being imaginative ? :D i definitely wouldn't describe myself as spontaneous , and idk about fun , but my imagination is my favourite thing about myself xd i write fiction and ... yeah , that's true . but i didn't mean random as weird - - ne just seems so scattered and unpredictable to me :D d and si is not boring at all to me xd i might spend a lot of time in my imagination ... thanks for all the replies ! yes , i'd love that - - i love looking at old pictures and talking about remember when ... :D d and old letters ! i read letters from my exes with love which might sound ... * waves awkwardly from the corner * hi ! :D d i'm really interested in how you entps ... work xd since we use the same functions but in the opposite order - you're ne-ti-fe-si and isfjs are ... when writing i usually start with an idea . the idea can be anything , a mood , a plot , just a random scene without any idea of the plot . i think more and imagine more . then brainstorm by writing - - lots ... i do this a lot too ... and recently started worrying about that others might see it as making it about me xd but i'm not ! it's just easier for me to understand their worries by thinking about ... and this is how the chat is going xdd <3 join us ! :D i don't like being controlled but i guess i wouldn't think of your examples as controlling . social power sounds odd to me . i'd probably just think if someone requests something to do with their ... i'm an isfj ( certainty level : 7 ) a student and a writer , wanting to become a novelist . :D alright , going down the i have no idea what i'm talking about but let's do it anyway road again :D really , talking with you is incredibly interesting but still most of the time i can't wrap my mind ... alright . i find the conversation going on really interesting :D thing is , i haven't come across an infj or an infp description that feels completely like me either . what sounds the most like me ... isfj ? i don't find it unflattering :D d sure , if there's someone who's just gotten interested on mbti and reads just the type descriptions without knowing much about the cognitive functions , i guess ... class clown , loner and a nerd / geek / brainer :D class clown in junior high . at times . definitely a loner the first year in high school before i dropped out due to mental health probelms . right now ... you can always visit your family <3 try to be excited rather than nervous ! like others have said , as long as you don't spend more than you earn you'll be alright . and if at first you feel like you ... ruger 141 i love your photo * ___ * the sky is really beautiful .  ... i just browsed through all of the topic and you are all adorable ! * ___ * <3 and i see a lot of goofy faces and am loving that 8D d picspam of me - - ... thank you for the replies ! hmm . i don't want to make this thread too much about me because as much as i want to figure myself out , i'm genuinely interested about other isfjs and infjs . but i ... you sound like an amazing friend ! <3 personally i'd adore all the gifts you have given her , and the scrapbook idea is brilliant . i'm still new to mbti so don't believe what i'm saying unless ... i like cake and doctor who and ants and this is where i decided that i like you :D d welcome from another newbie ! hello ! how do you guys see isfjs ? i'm not completely sure which one i am - although i'm identifying as isfj right now :D i know ni and si are different but maybe you could give me some real-life ... what's your enneagram type ? i have the impression that 6 is the most common enneagram type among isfjs and i'm a 4 - - 4w3 which sort of makes me feel like i might be too dramatic to be isfj . so ... touching people's hearts . changing people for the better ( not by controlling them but by gently poking them into another direction ) . maybe rather , changing people's lives for the better . being an ... i'm an isfj who may as well have been born in a math department library , so intellectual pursuits have always been the focus of my life - - and i've actually had a number of people who know me , ... i love photography * ___ * a mother looking at her daughter walking towards something ominious , unable to stop her . the world is frozen in place . the little girl is running towards something the ... i'm not sure if i'm isfj or not , but i definitely need to do things at my own pace . i admit that i sometimes need a little butt-kicking to get things done , and that's alright , but in general i'm ... thank you ! rakuten here's the topic on isfj writers . and yeah , i'm wondering about the n / s too - though i think i relate to si more than ni . in fact i'm not sure if i even understand ni and ne ... hello ! i'm not sure at all if i'm isfj or not but i think i really might be . i'm pondering in between isfj and infj and maybe something with fi rather than fe . but isfj is what i'm leaning towards ... pffft , i fixed arkigos but you managed to quote me before that xdd lol , yeah :D yes , true . * newbie * there's a lot to learn :D believe me , you didn't make this any more confusing than ... arkigos i am officially confused xdd alright , i should read more about isfj now . is it si-fe-ti-ne ? what do you mean by that ? did i ever wonder where it'd lead ... ? thanks arkigos and acerbusvenator :D arkigos infj ? really ? :D and here i just thought that no , i'm not infj after all xdd hmm . so inferior ne would make me si dom ? i want to consider that ... at least to myself i am , that's why i'm posting here again :D no one answered to my first request so now i'm trying again with the questionnaire 2.0 :D i think i answered a bit - - better this time ... hi ! i'm new to the forums and sort of new to the mbti types too . after a long and interesting ( and fun ! ) discussion with my friend tove i think that my mbti type might be either infj or infp . but i'd ... hello all ! i'm a 21 - year-old girl from finland and i'm not sure about my mbti type yet , i'm a newbie to this but really interested :D i might be infp . my friend tove introduced this place to me so ... '