' oh . my god , thank you for the youtube link . seeing the visual makes everything click . off i go to learn , now that it's not just a jumble of letters . it's all patterns , really , not just ... infjs are classics at being able to brilliantly imitate extroverts - but only for short periods of time . the phrase noelle used , i definitely need a lot of alone time to ... miiight just be me , but really not seeing why everyone is jumping down the op's throat . he's looking for context and reasons , and just because we - infjs - aren't dominant te or whatever ( god help ... my grandma tested me when i was about nine and said i was an intj , and every test i've taken since has labeled me an intj . but the more i haunted the forums here , the more i started wondering if it ... i worked at a portrait studio in wal-mart for a few months . my trainer was astonished at how well i did in sales . i always found it uncomfortable , as i was always being pushed to encourage very ... nuuu , don't feel bad ! D: i'll just miss being able to compare myself to the badass intj stereotype but i'd much rather be right and awesome than wrong and a weirdo intj thing or ... i don't even ... my worst fears ! * sobs * but that was a pretty good idea of why you got what you did . and it makes sense . so you think the 5w6 is why i keep getting typed as intj ? even my mom agreed with it , but ... hello , perc ! i've been re-questioning my type rather consistently over the last few weeks . my main motivation for pegging it down is the fact that i don't feel comfortable posting any more as an intj ... i've always had the joking idea of book smarts versus street smarts , the difference between being able to ace a test and being able to think on your feet and survive situations . both are ... just a little update . my friend's breaking point was hit last night when his stepfather nearly hit him . his mom stepped in before it actually happened ( thank god ) and tried to throw the stepfather ... age range ? 20-24 employed , unemployed , student ? part time employed live with parents , roommates , alone , with so ? with so live in / originally from us ? or what country / regions ? born ohio , us , ... interesting thread . i think i was raised lucky - both my parents were lutherans , but they taught me out of the bible , and all of my family ( and my pastor ) were really ' into ' study and research and ... welcome to perc , dme ! hope you enjoy your stay . we've even got a swimming pool ... though i wouldn't go in it , ' s in the basement ... working part-time in retail at the moment . it's a positive and a negative for me . ( nice thread btw ) pros : consistent , steady work . i know what to expect . ( good for social anxiety issues . ) easy ... aaaah . because i'm paranoid and over-thinking everything ? but ah . thank you . xd holy crap , you just made me re-question my mbti type . fuuu . but ! but but but ! i can relate to the sensor ! overthinking is the bane of everyone ! this is by far one of the most enthusiastic and amusing introduction threads i've seen , to date . win . one , you complain about someone's illiteracy , then miss a comma . two , your ghetto sucks . if you're gonna do something , do it right . that was painful . three , you need to work on your sense of ... i was wondering , too . must applaud your titling abilities , though i also think that intjs can come off as bubbly sometimes . when they have too little sleep , too much caffeine , and things suddenly ... yurp . time to just drop every social skill you learned by being around one particular personality type and be your own , highly-social intj self . yurp . ( basically what alx 7 said . but the sarcasm ... i put my phone on vibrate for my alarm and keep it under my pillow , and have for the last 3-4 years now . the sound is so jarring that i've never overslept the alarm . of course , by the time i was ... there's a good read in the imgur link . picture is too massive to post on the forum . i implore anyone considering buying the new ... just finished my book . obsessively reading forums . should i write a letter to my sister before she leaves for europe ? browse for another book ? make a diagram of how intjs think ? i'd like to do all of ... okay , i don't feel so odd for experiencing that strange brain worrying / physically fine thing . i never managed to master myself enough to start studying . but i'll throw some ideas out there , see if it ... i have to agree with john on this one . i do have certain subjects that i know to avoid because they arouse intense negative emotions . i'm diagnosed major depression but toughing my way without meds - ... again and again what you're saying makes sense when applied to my friend . as much as it's hurting him now ( and has hurt him , badly , in the past ) - that sticking out bad relationships ... yeeesss ... yeeesss ... join us , precious , join us ... * goes off to cough in a corner * sorry , no idea where that came from . welcome ! alright , should have added that in originally , apologies . everything you're saying sounds like him . he's the silent support ; family and his few friends are his life . he'd never say it , but i'm ... i didn't want to write a novel in the op , but figured i'd need to explain that eventually . my friend is 20 and dedicated to his family ; he's stated firmly that he wants to stay by them and ... very glad i decided to post . it's not a pretty picture , but it makes sense when put into the situation . part of this is me realizing that i really can't do much ... thank you . and thank you for ... you know , i don't know . i'd go back and read his comments again , to be sure , but i really don't want the headache that'll come with it at this point . because , logic . needs more . dear isfjs of the forums : i need help with my best friend . he's an isfj . both of us are reclusive at heart , so we're mainly internet / texting friends with the occasional awkward phone call ( we ... got it ! thanks for the clarification , much appreciated . : 3 and you're doing very well with the english ! i only asked because of the germany bit . yeah , that sounds about right . i'm going with that . as a side note , did anyone notice that when the op wasn't garbling science and logic , he was 1 ) insulting us , the commentators , ... * whispers * he's not kidding . > . > < . < welcome to the crazy robot boat ! welcome welcome welcome m'dear . actually , i've heard of leipzig , though i couldn't place it on a map - you're a nonnative english speaker ? you're definitely an int j / p but i can't tell about the ... <3 i like you intps too , i think . and more than happy to be considered crazy ! was thinking he was more around 12 or so , but even with that taken into account ... i'm at a loss . don't know where to begin . so ... intjs are crazy robots . the op is too emotional . * sniffs in disdain * hands down , people who insist on trying to manipulate me . even worse , when they do it in an annoying fashion or try to blackmail me with it . those are the only times when i've completely fit the full ... jeans or comfortable formal pants , darker colored dress shirts or t-shirts . sneakers . flats if i need to dress up . and skirts / dresses if i'm feeling feminine , because frankly , they're fun , and i like ... i was just complaining to my husband about this yesterday . yearly review at the job , and every category was meets expectations with a higher-than-anticipated pay raise . my thoughts were , in this ... oh pff , that one was easy . nowhere . stayed at my desk for the entire interval . e_e ; ; unless the ' go ' is metaphorical - even then , easy question . here . unless we're talking about ' go ' in a more ... footjoygolf spiderman 616 thank you for the welcomes ! and especially thank you for the timer advice . i swear it was 4 in the afternoon when i started looking on here , it's past midnight ... where did ... ma'am , you might want to reevaluate continuing the thread here . as robots , intj's aren't going to sugar-coat what they see when their advice is asked for . and the title of your thread says don't ... roger that ! we can be new together ~ new to the forums , but i'll give this a whirl since i'm here . based on myself and what i've been reading ... how does an intj's mind work ? okay , i don't know how to answer this at all . my only ... to not have a rational mind ? i'm not agreeing or disagreeing with most of the concept of your post , just that bit right there . guess my personality testing - and the testing of a few other folks on ... k3vin : sorry for the double post , but hopping in here for a moment . an interesting contrast to point out . the op , in what you quoted , was discussing the fact that she learned more about herself , not ... i just want to say - dang , girl , i admire you . i usually stay out of religious threads just because i've never seen anyone swayed by the arguments from either side . getting up and saying that in ... what a way to greet the forums ! xd sorry if i sound phony , i'd like to believe i'm actually mature and just trying to figure out how to fit into the new place since i'm a newbie too . ( dunno if you ... '