' i could really use a friend right now .. anybody , really . i've been reading a lot lately . i just finished geek love by katherine dunn yesterday , today i found cruddy by lynda barry and i'm a quarter through , which is a lot for me because i read pretty ... this is the best thing for me . i can do this . she's so perfect <3 i've been singing this song for 2 days because of her , this is such an amazing cover ahhhg oh my goodness , i was so angsty ! i wrote that when i was about 16 , even though i'm only 3 years older that's very funny to me now . i think at the time i was just fed up with people being wishy washy , ... i feel so crushed . i never want to eat again . i can't believe this . i've found it's because we enjoy alone time , are very picky , and don't enjoy meaningless quick flings at all . there needs to be substance and , being the strange , kind , and shy creatures that we are , ... pajamas and piano the past week i've been having nightly panic attacks about the thought of death and possibilities of torture both in this life and future lives . considering all of the pain that has ever been , ever ... tomorrow is a better day , and today is better than yesterday :) you're burning me good now . you know i'm not stable with things like this , and i can destroy everything faster than you think . damn it .. fuck it ! i'm gonna do it ! no more bleak gray eyes looking out a misty window . i'm going to do exactly what i want to do , and i'm going to beat the system . yes to art school ! yes to moving away ! ... found out someone a year younger than me who i went to school with dropped out and is pregnant . i never liked her attitude , but she was a good person , and very kind to her friends ( she mostly didn't ... * hugs back * thank you <3 i was being kind of a drama queen earlier i have never felt so ugly * hug * i totally understand where you're coming from . i don't think you're a bigot at all i hate to post anything political , i try to respect all beliefs but this just makes me so upset and people i know don't understand why i'm so passionate about it . i get so frustrated with ... the french girls app . gerddermit i can't stop :'( and reddit too .. also doodling during class . this one's especially bad because once i'm drowning in debt i'll have wished i didn't choose so learn ... how i feel about tomorrow being my last day of work .. i had a wonderful night ! went out to dinner with my boyfriend and his co-workers . it went so much better than i thought it would :p roud : this is gonna be my last weekend at work , which i'm ... i'm so angry ! ! i loved you first ... i'm feeling very blue right now . i wish i had a friend to talk to . i wish i could be home studying and making music too . twas my intention , miss ! ! :D : kitteh :: kitteh :: kitteh : all you need is cats : kitteh : i can remember it piece by piece . this song makes me feel warm and sick people can be who they want , dress how they want , and do what they want within reason . nobody has to be any kind of way . why do scantily clad women warrant so much hate and disgust ? why do they ... <3 personally , i believe this higher being was created by us to sooth our fury . we wither feel guilty or fear the consequences of exacting revenge , so we like to think that the ebb and flow of the ... my father is such a vile person . why people like him are still allowed to procreate is beyond me . he is utterly worthless , all he does is hurt people . he hasn't changed . he wont ever change . i'm glad ... if i could sleep forever , i would . not in a sad way though , i never run out of things to dream about . if i could live in my dreams , i would enjoy that . as far as motivation goes , the excitement of ... time for another absurdly long post from me ... it's been too long . the overnights are slowly killing me , as a result i'm looking for work elsewhere hoping i might find something perfect that ... i wish more people could experience it the way you do , there would be a lot less hurt if they could . congrats on finding your spiritual path :) as much as i utterly despise working night shift sometimes it really does have it's advantages . i've had some of the most kindred conversations the past few months with the most unlikely people . i ... just as a thought : it's been noted from numerous studies that humans aren't meant to be monogamous creatures . so even though it is morally wrong , by forcing yourself to be with your current so you ... my birthday was a few days ago , it was wonderful :) i spent the entire day with my boyfriend and took the night off from work ( i haven't had a day without work , school , or babysitting in almost 3 ... not that it's my business , but have you thought about your options ? perhaps termination isn't for you , but maybe meeting up with a couple who'd like to adopt and raise your baby would be good ? it's ... i truly enjoyed reading everyone's posts , thank you all for your point of view ! i don't feel like such a grumpy , old weirdo now that i know i'm not alone . i've tried writing out my own thoughts on ... unfortunately no , i get something different every time i take the test xd i love my intj more than anything . i've actually found that i make friends pretty easily with intjs now that i've gotten a bit older and calmed down a bit . if you don't want someone who's a too ... after perusing a few articles on people , like myself , who would rather remain childless i got to thinking about if there are other infps who just don't really want to have children ( or who have ... my stupidity is reaching dangerous levels lately . need to bridle all these reckless fears and desires , no good comes of either . grr trying to school my intj bf on how to hug trees . he tried it but he was't feeling it too much .. 181594 i hate wearing pants so much . if there was a way that i could forever be pantless and have it not be sexual i would never wear pants ever again . hello everyone ! if a thread like this hasn't already been started , i'd like to start it ! here goes : how do you feel about drugs ? which drugs have you tried ? ( if you never have , which would you ... thank you love ! <3 im jealous of your drawing skills ^ ^ my intj boyfriend and i on our 1 - year anniversary date lately i've been having a lot of dark thoughts the past few months . it's odd because they're comforting in a way , i think it's almost like pieces of myself that i have to repress but i've been much ... pretty much .. i've been working way too much . i've been doing 6 nights straight ( i work night audit at two hotels , 11pm to 7am ) . i like my job a lot though ! one hotel is perfect and i've made some really awesome ... had such a lovely day with my favorite grandparents ( my papa and may ) and boyfriend at an art gallery inside a greenhouse . it was lovely talking with all of the familiar artists and seeing their ... '