i'm going to england in three weeks ! have to study . i'm feeling good at the moment ! sleepy , finished , running . so , apparently i made my girlfriend cry because of that letter i sent her . in a good way i hope .. yesterday i sent a really long letter to my girlfriend where i explained how much she means to me . it's without a doubt the most honest and important letter i've ever written . i hope she understand ... hang in there man . i'm sure you'll find someone some day that is right for you . you're a great guy ! remember that and don't compare yourself to other people too much ( easier said than done though ) ... i bought a guitar today ! that was unexpected . well , i'm a drummer and i like alice in chains , but i really have to disagree on that comparison . he's one ugly mudda if you ask me . psychology , letters , laundry . quote of the day . sounds a lot like me to be honest . most recent picture of me :  i just realized that i think and worry waaay too much about the future . maybe even so much that i sometimes forget to live right now , or be happy about the things i have in my life at this moment ... i feel a bit sad since i miss a lot of people . rain , memory , tears . i just cried for the first time in a very long time . for some reason i started thinking about my now deceased grandfather . he's the only person who has ever been like a father to me . i miss him so ... it's not just you . going with my girlfriend to my familys summer house today . really looking forward to it ! stars and wind . thinking about england . i'm still filling in for a spanish teacher at my old elementary school . and wow , i really don't like kids . i'm either sick or allergic as hell right now . i'm a lot like this as well . however i do have a couple of friends that i hang out with . but mostly i find people to be beyond boring and uninteresting . so i'd rather be alone than with any of them ... i play drums , and have been doing so for about 2 years now . hadn't really touched a drum set before i started playing back in september 2009 . now i can play this without too much trouble : ... michael 82 - i wish you all the best man . hope things works out for you in the end ! good luck with everything ! hey everyone ! i've been away from this place for a while due to life coming in the way . i don't really have time to go through all the pages i haven't read , so i just marked them all read . i'll ... i feel like this is going to be a good day . wow , you look much more ... organized nowadays . don't like kids . i'm actually re-watching cosmos . incredible show , and beyond incredible man . so here's the most recent picture of me . most of the other ones i've uploaded have been quite old . anyway , i don't really have black hair , i just like pictures with a high contrast . ... i've been really busy the entire week so i haven't really been able to spend so much time here . had to go through like 10 pages of this thread yesterday lol . hungry , tired and in need of company of some sort . i'm planning on moving to an old english cathedral and become a mysterious gothic character all dressed in black roabs . a million times yes ! haven't seen my girlfriend in like 4-5 weeks now . today i miss her sooo much .. i hate kids . so damn tired .