' i'm 6w5 2w1 9w ? sp / sx so far . i can agree so far what's been written here . but i doubt i could describe myself , though i have to admit i find myself often puzzled with myself and my needs . i am ... when i was a child i thought i would definitely want to have kids on my own . i was a very gentle and caring kid , so i thought it would come naturally to me having kids in the future and i'd enjoy it ... well , i think you can hardly find common ground with political questions . political thoughts are always pretty washed with different attitutes and different ideologies . and probably , you find infjs ... this feeling is going down , fast hot steam and rubber - dirt is flying by , all colors mixed in gray bean paste mud - i'm hitting hard , the brake goes loose , my nails cramping into the iron - ... well , first i think you should study what your gut tells you is right . for me , i needed several starts from square one to figure that out , only because i restricted myself from studying what i really ... i think i can understand you well . i , too happen to be kind of attracted to how-to-say people with mildly depressions or mental problems . actually , it makes me feel i want to help them , and when ... haven't played it for a while . couldn't really get into it again now , maybe some day i'll do again though . i always play a stealth archer or mage . occasionally i played some heavy armor warrior ... infj introvert ( 56 % ) intuitive ( 25 % ) feeling ( 38 % ) judging ( 11 % ) you have moderate preference of introversion over extraversion ( 56 % ) you have moderate preference of intuition over ... this really sounds like an unhealthy 6 ... about the type i'm not sure , but your 4th point implies he's not too sensitive about his fe which might in an infj only be true if he was really really ... i don't think only temporarily switching se and ti makes you a different personality type . simply spoken , there are only functions , that are generalized by function order into 16 types . it doesn't ... razare i agree with you in most points . but it seems to me , that you have a fairly high ti . first , i don't agree at all with your mentioned gender difference . why put there a barrier ? i suppose ... commuting between the hideaways of felix mendelssohn bartholdy and carl-maria von weber - - roaming the lecture halls where johann wolfgang von goethe and friedrich nietzsche have hit the books : ninja : i do absolutely the same ! usually my so goes to bed or falls asleep at least one or more hours before i actually manage to go to sleep . there is just that huge need for alone-time , and i need it ... in the last months i really worked on that attaching-thing , and i found myself pretty comfy with being emotionally detached with the persons i like . i had to push myself hard to slow down , though . in ... why do i , when i get a migraine , always procrastinate doing something against it ? i am like , just do this and that , oh and this need to be done , too , and i totally stress myself with i don't know , i ... being 6 i have these issues , too . it's always i don't feel well or something stresses me a lot that i just happen to be heavily pissed off with everything and everyone . maybe it's our nature , though ... rajesh ! ! isn't he just absolutely sweet ? :) sheldon's mom is my second favorite , then penny , leonnard , and amy . oh and i love bernadette forgetting to wash her hands after experimenting with ... in high school i had a friend who sometimes went around with headphones on . some time we waited for the bus i talked to her only to discover she didn't hear any music . so she said when she wants to ... it hasn't really something to do with being a girl . which dating site or chat you choose 99 % of the guys who send messages to you are simply dumb or not your type . however the remaining 1 % covers ... lol . it was my first thought , too ;) starbucks is also the only one i know , people usually go to cafés around here . and it's great with friends there , but not alone , hehe . missinglinc : i also ... i , too , love nightly walks a much ! i think it's wonderful , it feels like magic , in some way . you feel so alone but also so conscious of yourself and the world . the dark surrounding , broad empty ... blub . ( 10 chars ) i don't really get what's so great about coffee shops , i've never enjoyed sitting in a café etc . or at least not alone . when i went to university however i regularly sat somewhere on the campus or ... 1 ) as being said most infj do , i need a bond or relationship , too . 2 ) i'm more used to date guys not from my social circle , but i wouldn't call it cold i need to get to know them beforehand . about ... your noble score is 5 your socratic score is 2 your reflective score is 4 if your noble and reflective scores are close to each other but far from your socratic score , you are a senator . the ... i have this problem with getting cold feet too . it's that i can become friends with guys that are unattractive to me very easily , but if i find this guy attractive and maybe have feelings too , all ... oh , i particularly like the racism in the elder scrolls , i think it would be boring if every race was accepted by everyone , like argonians hate dunmer for they kept themselves argonian slaves . but ... :) i'm also like that when playing skyrim or other games , i need to finish all my regional quests until i can move on in the story . it doesn't feel right to rush into new areas with new quests and ... i don't think it has something to do with being infj ... i know several girls that are not infj who feel the same way . but for me it has something to do with the people whether i can connect or ... i wouldn't want to be taller , though . i think it's nice to be same size with 90 % of women around me . at least i feel comfortable like that . ( i don't like to stand out ... ) i even can drive small cute ... tall people here ... 5 ' 4 me and proud to not stand out with it ( precisely 1m 61,8 cm ... ) dog you might also be ... beaver sheep well , i like dogs , actually xd personality type ? infj enneagram type ? 6w5 1w2 4w5 favorite color ? difficult ... all ? mostly maybe black , purple ... all wonderful colors that look nice and warm and shiny and ... wonderful ? ... i can relate to that , too . i have this regularly before going to meet friends , or to work , school , or even seeing my therapist . however when i went to university sometimes it wasn't there , as well ... i've also started going to nursing school and it was great , but mentally not so challenging , the tests were very easy and even anatomy wasn't a big deal . but it was still challenging , working at the ... well , not really i guess ... ? the numbers are 45-53 % extroverts and 47-55 % introverts . that is a tiny bit more on the introverts side however ... i guess you can count that zero , the range of ... i very agree with you jawz , the cause why i posted this numbers were to give the ( original ) discussion some background that is discussable . however as you states the numbers are everything but not ... i've additionally found this on the web : estimated frequencies of types - capt.org it says 2-4 % of all females and 1-2 % of all males , together 1-3 % . however it seems according to that table not ... i also was abused as child , just as my sister , my mother and my father , as well . i don't want to go into detail . let's just say my mother , sister and me have been abused physically and mentally ( my ... no i'm not :P there are a bunch of germans winning everything either way , be it schuhmacher or vettel or i don't know . oh , i loved rally trophy , the whole flatout series and world racing series and several other simulations as well . it's amazing how you can drive all those different cars and speeds ( in world racing i ... lol are you flirting by any chance ? no , right , i'm not weak , i just said that sometimes i have been perceived as if i was . and at the moment i'm neither depressed or the like , but i have been , ... yes i feel the same , or i used to feel the same . until some months ago , when i finally realized it is completely the wrong way . if i feel only alone and in misery and want a bf at any cost , i will ... i'm 23 and still a virgin , and i know several other girls ( and boys ) at my age who are , even though the number gets smaller and smaller the older you get . i cannot say i don't care or it's easy to ... delirium by lauren oliver , remaining kind of obsessed with the story where do you live ? is there even a change there are at some place more boys interested in anime ? ? i know only few who actually are fans . about formula one , i watched some races , as well as dtm ... i have these problems finding a career for me , too , and it starts feeling really bad . i have only switched 1-2 times in 5 years but only because i realized i couldn't do it , i wouldn't enjoy the job ... i can relate to you well , my parents , teachers , classmates etc . called me like that for years , and i thought they were right which resulted in depressions . even though i don't feel like a loner at ... there's a saying you sometimes see written down in cafés or the like : job offer : in search of 10 hard-working men , or a woman . : wink : i don't think there is a job / strenth only women or ... i've worked sub summarum 1,5 years as nurse , but i couldn't finish my studies at medical school and do a great pause because of psychological issues that made it hard for me to work full time and ... '