[ url = ] [ img ] whew ! thought i was the only one ! oh , and , i apologize for the image , ill stop ! my little pony : friendship is magic ... did i win ? haunting ... i somewhat just dropped out of the game per say . im definitely not adverse to dating , but as of now , i havent met anyone at all . i just carry on and hope ill see them someday soon . i know that feel bra ... but yeah , its a drag at times but im more than happy to be a really awesome minority ! yeah , ive got this too . i feel deeply for people who are hurting but i can never spare more than a few encouraging words , otherwise i tend to just make them feel worse ... bums me out sometimes . haha , i get this kinda issue alot too . i have always wished i could be as articulate as i am in my writing when im talking to people . when im with a group of people or even a single person i dont ... oh good ! i thought i was the only one ! i get this kind of thing from time to time as well . i've also gotten a hug from being mistaken for somebody . i guess its just an odd quirk people like us ... ide have to say that i have a certain affinity for tragedy , i find it beautiful in a strange way . i guess i could say that i enjoy darkness but i also like the fact that the sun will always burn out ... what if we could visually manifest music as we listened to it . it would be like a 3d visualizer that we could have anywhere ! when im feeling alone i tend to just kind of fade away for a while , i need to forget is all . ill just find an activity that lets me melt away for a while . i never feel better when i go somewhere to ... ha , you have no idea how much i can relate with you on that . ive been socially paranoid about this for years now and i was beginning to believe that i was the only one for a while . i know what ... i think thats mostly true , at least in my case it is ! i haven't had any luck so far for my whole life . the solution to my problem is so easy to see , but change is very very difficult when you're ... a character from soul eater named crona could be an example of an infp villain . he never really wanted to hurt anyone , but because of his withdrawn and fragile personality , he was driven into being a ... hm , after reading a good number of these posts , it seems that the casual term ' nice guy ' tends to be negative ... this could be a problem , because i think i might fit into this generalization . i know ... yeah , not very proud of it though . only happens when that character embodies a person that i strongly wish was real , and knew me . ive been called selfish before . its really frustrating when people dont understand that the one thing you ask is some time alone and they feel as if that is an injustice to those around you . i ... my choices would have to be : - flying - mind reading - emotion reading ( able to see peoples emotion , like in colors or something ) - time control - invisibility ... heh , hard to choose ... oh yes , that pretty much hits the nail on the head for me . i love playing games that give me a feeling of wonder or amazement . i absolutely love fantastical games that put me in world far beyond our ... wow , i can definitely relate to a lot of these posts , unrequited love seems to be a regular occurrence in my life . when i think about it like this , i feel pretty stupid for letting so many ... its a little of both for me . i love instrumental music because i really just love the way you can paint something in your head when you hear awesome music . but i really like lyrics because it can ... my bedroom is just the remnants of a previously clean room , littered with my own brand of organized chaos . by the way , your room is quite impressive ! o__o i have similar problems with leading people , since i always seem to be worried about whether or not im doing things in their best interests . i would never want somebody to upset about the way i want ... i remember almost everything in video clips , ive always had a good memory . but i have the same thing , ill remember information in pictures in my minds eye , it depends on how accurate they really ... cold , sick , tired ... need ... weekend ...  this is just magical ... it doesnt matter if you've played the games or ... im also very bad at carrying on small talk with strangers . i do the same thing where i end up talking about things that make the conversation too personal and it gets awkward . i do think infp's ... im the same way nova . i always hear this stuff about our type being really emotional , but ive yet to see it my own life . when im around others , i have this barrier in my that keeps my emotions ... i feel uncomfortable with it but ive wanted to cry when i was around others a lot of times . i do my very best to keep my composure though . i guess i feel as though im dumping my emotional burdens on ... hey , ive been there too . like the others said , you are by no means alone.ive struggled with these thoughts that the mistakes ive made now will haunt me forever but that just isnt true . the past in ... a song of ice and fire : a clash of kings-george r . r . martin ... good book so far ! herm ... where do i begin ... - kingdom hearts - final fantasy - assassins creed : brotherhood - dead space - flower - scott pilgrim vs . the world - left 4 dead - half life im personally getting a little tired of lifes pace as of now . days turn into weeks , weeks turn into months and i feel like it was all a blur . i want to just relax and take things in again , you know ? so mysterious ... i really like anime , i just havent watch all that much lately so i think i weened myself off of it ... i gotta start watching again ... ive watched : - soul eater - full metal alchemist - higurashi ... i like wearing things that are comfortable and familiar , makes me feel at home everywhere . ill find a hoody that i like a lot and wear it all the time . i tend to wear a lot of muted colors , i think ... i was actually a bit astonished at how well i was described . i might just naive but it fits me very well , aside from some expected differences . yeah , im a mesy person and it bothers alot of people that i hang out with . my friend constantly asks me how i live with everything out of place like i do and i tell him its organized chaos . i know ... youtube - 1901 & lisztomania - phoenix ( with lyrics ) recently discovered this band . its amazing what they do for my emotional and psychological health . its just so chill and funky ... weighed down and tense , also a little lonley . my life has been so hectic lately , so much to do and so little time , you know ? ive longed to just let go and relax for a bit but i just cant , even if ... you read my mind smurfie ... whenever i'm around people like this my blood boils . i refuse to let people with such a disregard for others get to me . it hurts to watch them do what they do though ... shadow of the colossus ... so epic ... yeah , its happened to me as well . ill be crazy about someone for a while but suddenly those feelings flat-line the unexpectedly . its almost like i can feel the remnants of what i felt before but it ... my best friend is a huge intp ! i think we've reached a level of social symbiosis because we have the same perception of the world but different ways of filtering it . we've been through a lot of crap ... yeah , that sounds about right . isnt it a shame ? yes , actually if i really do like her a lot i get very tense and clumsy with my words and actions ... classic huh ? heh ... and yeah ive done that . ive hidden my feelings for a girl with devotion , ... serendipitous ! i can image an infp villain being a very selfish and conceited person . they would be on a personal quest or mission that they hold very deeply and despise all those who would stand against it . to ... yeah , this is a nightly thing for me . the night is my time . * applauds * great article , its scary sometimes how well these things end up describing the way i think ...