you do seem like an enfp judging by your posts b : istp m : infp k : intp istj , esfp , enfj istp type 9w8 ? interesting i am not sure maybe you're an intp k : entp m : istj b : infp entp , estp , esfp k m : intj b : istp entj , isfj , enfp it's just a vast difference of interests intelligent people are usually interested in things difficult to understand not because of how difficult they are but because the things difficult to ... the guy seems like an entp at first glance so manipulative and a great con who is con at getting people do what he wants to do however i can't help but think intj since he seems to have that ni vibe ... m b : first entp k : second entp esfj , intp , isfp entp hands down v . v tmlt be the center of attention intp ( cause they probably don't even know where is everyone going to begin with ) tmlt die of heart disease enfp tmlt hate thinkers k : isfp ( bet they'll be good kissers ) m : intj b : infp esfp , infj , istj definitely ohhh * o * forgive my unexcused incompetence i shall work to fix it immediately : laughing : marry : enfj kiss : entp ( cause like it's gonna be one short relationship before we both move on ) bed ... enfp tmlt turn psycho i would agree to this but ne-ti is hella adaptable in fact it can simulate other functions really good combined with ne-fe i think entps can organize others through playing the devil's advocate i ... enxps i guess tmlt impact a great change on the status quo marry : definitely intj kiss : umm infj or infp maybe istp too bed : i am okay bedding anyone is there any reason why every infp i've met out there is obsessed with harley quinn what do you guys see in her well every two mature individual can have a healthy relationship i guess but when i ask online for compatibility in mbti they say that ti dominant people are best matched with te dominant people so ... since you've put the <3 for the infp i would say you're an ixtj alright : laughing : for some reason you guys have a thing for fi dominant people specially intjs so i would go ahead and say yes hmm by leaders i meant political ones like presidents or military generals i am asking this cause enfps seem to have te as their tertiary in their function stack while enfps generally like to avoid conflict being a leader usually gives you no choice so do they have more ... don't know why but i always liked istps kay is an istp while kyo is an estp that's why i prefer kay his personality of generally not giving a damn is just awesome from what i've seen which is not much i would say yes you're an infp alright from what i know ti despises being ordered around while te is basically bossiness so shouldn't the two clash with each other instead of being compatible : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : i think noppo would suit him better i always though napoleon was an entp : frustrating : does this seem to you like an ni user way of fighting a battle to you through out his career most of napoleon battles were like this he would ... 716130 7156 90 : smug : oh i see your point now i understand you keep misinterpreting what i am saying not purposeful of his actions means he takes the leap before looking no introvert ever does that specially not someone who's ni dominant deku's ne-ti is ... you misunderstood my point i didn't say ne was more abstract than ni but unlike ni ne operates externally it's extroverted perceiving on the same level that ni is introverted perceiving and perceive ... this would all make sense in case he did what he did on purpose hence saying that he simply had extraordinary developed mental abilities like patrick jane from the mentalist however medoriya stated ... how do you people keep seeing so much ni out of deku i can only see fe on him that's why i agreed that he's an enfj but even his fe is immature he's waaay too selfless to be fe dominant or auxiliary ... 713049 i see i guess enfj does work out for medoriya all might seems like an infp to me tho he's fi dominant all about the symbol of peace he's way too idealistic to be fe dominant agreed on bakugo ... izuku medoriya - no idea the guy acts like an infj but shows cognitive functions of an entp todoroki - infp he's fi dominant does only what feels right to him regardless of logic he's stuck in the ... jia chong - intj i am gonna have to disagree with that : tongue : not that i pick up rats off of the street or anything ... > . > what well if by background you mean some sort of official study i don't have any however i keep tabs on the political status of the whole world and recent events kinda pumped north korea up the list a ... how does se-te loop manifest to you esfps it sounds devastating : shocked : so do you think there is a behind the scenes group working it's way toward world domination or already dominating the current world manipulating the countries from behind the scenes ? what goes around comes around agreed on the capitalist part and yeah nuclear power is the only power held by north korea so i doubt he will give it for any reason it represents the threat if someone crossed the red line and ... typical intp : rolleyes : : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : there is the 33 strategies of war and the dictator's handbook you should check both those out they're life changers unless it's muscular dystrophy you see that's the problem with this guy it's impossible to get a read on a nut job no one knows where his loyalty lies and so no one is sure what to do to win him over well yeah the whole thing is like second nature to you guys