' wait what ... foot to chin ? how the ... i've been told randomly in the past that i sit up very straight , but not often . no and no . yea games would be the escape of choice , wow was really good for it back a year or two now . i'm so istj i don't even have baby photos . yea i would protect those i care about with out hesitation . as for my country , well i don't have a really strong patriotic streak in me but it is there , i would need a ' clear and present danger ' to ... agreed , dead on . no , but i would prefer a girl 1-3 years younger and about 2 shorter ( about 5 ' 10 ) . well i'm not fussed here , my parents had 10 years between them so it does not seem odd to me . i would say 18-35 ... : blushed : ... : wink : a friend of mine pointed out my upright posture while sitting at an outdoor table at a get together not too long ago . i was surprised tbh people don't often point that out to me . when i'm my desk ... no clue , never had any motivations growing up , still don't really . perhaps military , photographer , motorcycle mechanic . all have been passing interests ( especially military ) but don't actually do any . so wrong with that stereotype jess . yes you're actually headed in the right direction , go out to a park or something with your so and do a bit of a flash show while leaning against a tree for him / her while no one is actually watching ... istj checking in for the ride . * waits patiently * . i hated math more than any other . didn't mind science , i guess . well when the girl that i wanted pursued me , i pushed her away . totally irrational , went against what i clearly wanted and what she evidently wanted but i did it anyway . resolved to never do so ... bolded and up-sized for immense lolz value i'm exactly the same , i have the interest but could never involve myself . hate the way the game is played i guess you could say . i used to do this , years back now when i had an interest i would not act on it because i didn't want to reveal my interest ... even when i knew some of them felt the same way . never repeating that ... yea if i'm interested enough i will pursue them but i'm totally fine with a girl pursuing me , screw gender roles . i've put myself on that ride before . glad to be past the worst of it but i ... in chronological order ... 1 . i dunno , a ball ? 2 . pushbike ( s ) 3 . playstation 4 . dirtbike ( s ) 5 . computer ( wanting to replace 5 with 4 ) . <3 : blushed : i am apathetic , trust-worthy , increasingly cynical . i'm not motivated , outgoing , ' bubbly ' . i got striver / acheiver . i disagree with most of it and think the test was crap , same questions over and over with different wording . i may start to talk about myself and / or things i would usually not talk about openly , but in a serious and factual way , then it get a bit less serious as time goes on , throw in a sexual innuendo or ... i wish i could draw , but i can't to save my life . i can appreciate very detailed drawings / digital paintings and the like . poetry ... nah . so that's why i play call of duty as much as i do ! ! ! answering the call ! ready , willing & able sir ! i've grown up on it , i don't often have it alone , always with cheese . the most important thing is to know that less is more , if you put heaps on it will be super strong and really bad . yep , my ... yea it is just one recognizing that incompatibilities exist , problem is sometimes it takes a while to recognize this , depending on when this happens it can really make things shit . this can also land you in the friend zone , that is one hole that is very hard to get out of . my own attempts failed . yes , i have been eating vegemite and cheese sandwiches all my life and often . i listen to the same songs / albums on repeat when i really like them . i often wear the same types of clothes days on ... while i'm not religious i did like that niss . it's more about the vocals than the lyrics for me , can easily enjoy a well performed song in a language i don't understand . the one you linked had ... with hold until you're ready , don't lie . there is nothing wrong with with holding information that you're not ready to divulge , there is a lot wrong with lying , especially to an istj . i can definitely relate to that . as for the op keep being your usual social self and when you're out at parties and such talking and laughing loudly with your friends and dancing about ... stop ! no ... blocked in my country on copyright grounds :( um maybe , i can think out how i would like a conversion / interaction to go with someone of importance but i'm also weary of this as when you think things through in your head it's based on what you ... vocals are where it's at for me , mostly female vocalists . a woman who can really sing is best , but they are a minority these days , most out there are auto tuned into the charts . with that said i like ... i have never voted but i am interested in some political issues . i always just assume that we will get more or less the same thing regardless of who wins , so why bother standing in line . political ... is it not giving a shit ? i've had little experience with this but i did notice a massive difference in my own training some years ago . this was motocross training from professional riders and a local hero types . the pro ... green because i hate brown landscapes , wish i lived in europe . seems like almost all are about other peoples actions or the way they view you . i hate not being able to get to sleep fast at night . i hate the amount of insurance adds on pay tv . i hate ... tim minchin is your man then . google him if you don't know who i'm talking about , it's worth it . shhh it's a secret . what if they are shockingly good at eating ? can't you sit in awe ! i don't think it's a matter of race but of culture . in the case of immigrants i think they should as best they can adopt the culture of their new home , primarily language and social practices . ... i did that test and my results were ; your aspie score : 107 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 98 of 200 you seem to have both aspie and neurotypical traits . ... haha i was thinking that the other night , well at least who ever is running their rail system is probably an istj . the boot in the head made that point clear , a troop of zazi soldiers in formation represents only one thing to me . also i have to say that i would not be like that at all , if i were in power i would ... you seriously likening istj points of view to nazism ? timespirit translates to zeitgeist . timespirit i think the point where you stop giving a fuck is the point where you focus on looking for other work while taking the minimum wage and applying the minimum effort . '