i hope it goes well for you ( both ) ! good luck ! ! ! : happy :: happy :: happy : well , we don't do it , but you sometimes do .. well , personally , unexpected kissage would maybe confuse me , and might not get you the reaction you're looking for , i would recommend also making your intentions ( crystal ) clear verbally ... c'mon spiders are cool .. i <3 spiders ! they're like the cats of the insect world : laughing : there's just one fear i have .. that all this is pointless in the end .. that all the connections i ... i'm a 4 as well .. 4 - enneagram type four : the individualist interesting , thanks ! i've felt like that sometimes ( though i can't think of a specific situation ) , it's a good feeling .. & it's why i have the name oneness here actually :) i remember a dream i had once years ago , it ... what do you mean by flirting ? as in trying to pick someone up or w / e ? no , never done that .. but flirting with friends / people i'm comfortable with , for ' fun ' ? i do that all the time .  to answer a bit more seriously .. yes , very much .. but to be fair i am a pretty unique / strange person with a very strong sense of individuality .. another thing that's never helped me when ... double post ' romance ' ? ' relationships ' ? what is that ? ? lol : wink : so .. more probing from your resident infp ;) .. if you guys are so multi-faceted , needing / utilizing different people / groups for different aspects of yourself .. do you ever wish you had friends ... kinda related thread ' from the other side ' - a couple of follow-up questions for youse guys .. so , if you have so many friends / acquaintances / contacts you'd like to keep in touch with / hang out with , but can't because of sheer numbers , what do ... i'm probably one of the most dangerous men in the world if i want to be . but i never wanted to be anything but me . yeah nice tongue action , trixie .. lol : laughing : in scandinavia of course ... : happy : i am very much like that . very , very much .. ok , trixie carousel & rocky alger you would be pounded by .. sille thor . lol yeah : laughing : if i could i would live in a kinda museum with all my stuff haha if i know a camera's on me i always make an outrageous expression lol . always . : laughing : to my mom's chagrin sometimes haha . but it's more fun to look at the family photos then , right ? : tongue : the two forums i read are the enfp and the infp forums ... sometimes i identify a lot with threads in the enfp section . i actually have a ' crazy ' extroverted side to me , i'm always up for trying ... kinder of you to leave others alone ? what does that mean / why would you say that ? .. it is increasingly likely that i'll spend the rest of my life alone , but somehow i still believe in love ... black with a touch of black ... and if i'm going out i'll probably wear my studded boots , bondage pants and biker jacket .. and probably a tight fitting tshirt or maybe one that says ' psych ward ' ... yes but as we can't make a perfect ' dna ' clone the point was lessened .. for me .. or something : laughing : lol never mind , i think we're in agreement anyway : happy : lol yeah i once heard a punk / rock song in my dreams , complete with lyrics and everything .. actually i was sorta convinced it was real so i tried to google the lyrics .. : laughing : but alas they were ... i don't want to turn this into a discussion about cloning lol , but afaik cloning isn't purrfect yet & there's something with active & inactive genes , and genes turning off / on with age = cloning ... oh dreamer u r teh kyoot lol : blushed : hmm .. i have no role models really , but someone i admire a lot artistically is glenn danzig . also i have nothing but respect / admiration / <3 for gen of the ... just post something ( preferably something quirky : wink :) that made you smile or happy in some way ... a story , picture , video , webcomix etc .. i'll start with this one : ... y'all might like this related thread - ... hmm so weed turns sts into nfs ? ? now how can we get all sts to smoke then ... lol j / k : crazy : there is of course a difference between talking about someone and gossiping about someone ( not saying you don't know the difference .. : wink : ) . but yeah you might need to be careful about sharing ... i hope it's not the pussy in your avatar you mean ... : shocked : : wink : haha well it appears that in spite of common knowledge you should post on forums while drunk .. : wink : but i really am attracted to those enfp traits .. it's like you have those things i like the ... yeah , dammit i was hoping for some sexy enfp action * hic * sorry : blushed : bah , forget that . i love you enfps . don't eva change ! yeah i'm drunk right now haha but i luuuv ya lol : blushed : you complete me somehow : happy : you know , i kinda love the way an enfp can chat up strangers . at least the one i know ; it's like she's almost a people magnet or something .. but i enjoy watching her do her ' thing ' , it's somewhat ... happens to me a lot .. if there's someone i like or is attracted to but don't really know , i will immediately idealize the hell out them .. : wink : but does this still happen even if you know them / get ... i'm really trying to be more open with people atm .. it's not like being somewhat closed off has been a success socially or for my general happiness either , so .. i want to believe the quote in ... i'm not this person of course , but i wouldn't worry about it .. maybe he'll just be kinda flattered that you trust him enough to share those things .. and unless it's done in a completely over the top ... goddamn , i am practically created for those lists y'all put up ... : wink : now where the hell can i find sum enfps ? ? ? : cool : i don't think i could have sex with someone i didn't know at all ... i'm not ' uptight ' though at all . i could probably have ' meaningless ' sex with a friend , though it has never really been an option ... ok , story time .. : happy : in another thread someone mentioned ' the incredible infp hulk ' , and i know exactly what they're talking about .. i call this my ' beast ' persona . it's not evil , but it ... 1 . honesty 2 . be proactive ? haha : laughing : yeah and it wasn't ' excessive foreskin ' either .. : wink : yeah ... that's basically what empathy is , right ? when someone around me is sad , my instinct is always to comfort them or ... hmm ... if we're talking emotional problems etc . i usually avoid giving concrete / direct advice unless i'm directly or indirectly asked for it . in my experience it's enough to listen ( and empathize ) in ...