' dear sour patch watermelon candy , why did you jump in my mouth after i ate dinner and make me eat you ? ! you little bastards burnt the taste buds off of my tongue and now i cannot taste nor ... i had to doorslam some folks in my life over the past two years . it was really hard but it was in my best interest after weighing it out for a year . i gave very clear communication over the span of ... dear self , i believe its time to find a career that ignites your passion and fulfills all of your inner needs . its time to give back to yourself and i believe this just may be one way of doing ... dear monday april 9th 2012 , you are such a lazy day filled with no work , a few errands , good reading , some youtubies and netflixie , yummy spicy jamaican shrimp , and chocolate birthday cake . ... n's banging travel excursions ( pun intended ) usually those who think they are sane are the really unhinged of folks ... lulz . : angry : create a special post for that person telling them all their wonderful attributes . it will make them ... even though we can't agree on what type of vacation to go on , and you're a crazy person , you seem pretty cool . : tongue : omg ! you love me ! : shocked : go ahead and admit it ... sometimes the truth is so very hard to see . worrying ... : sad : i always look into someones eyes when i meet them and / or if i am speaking with them or vice versa . eventually i will look away at times to the right so its not so intense . i've found if i look too ... you know you are an infj when all you do is daydream ... doesn't matter what i am doing ... driving , sitting in on a meeting , talking to someone , writing , eating , etc etc etc . dream dream dream . ... 3326433265 33266 : kitteh : dew it ! it would be really neat to track : happy : very interesting experiment ! what prompted your curiosity ? what's your hypothesis and / or theory based upon ? is it based on level of concentration or focus ? is it based on whether the person is ... lulz ! go check out icanhascheeseburger.com  one of my favorite artists ... ben heine ... benheine.com ... thanks for the reply ! the connection between alcoholism / addiction and intimacy / sexuality for this workshop , is one's perception becomes distorted when a loved one has an addiction problem , so they ... if she's being vague about your inquiries on your failed connection then its not a good sign . she could have been nice trying to protect your feelings which failed anyway . or something might have ... ah i see . yea the dominant man part is pretty key not to mention a turn on : blushed : . so let me ask you ... how many dates would you need to go on in order to kiss your date ? did you ask her why she felt there was no connection ? any thoughts on yourself and where things may have fallen short ? : unsure : hello kiddoz ! somehow i am in a position to lead a workshop for a group this weekend on the topics of intimacy and sexuality for families who have or had loved ones with addiction / alcoholism ... yes ! this ! i second your thought . dear emotions , would you please get a grip ? you are pulling me in too many directions . everyone can see it on my face . time to embody chuck norris . sincerely , le jessicat ... hello fellow infjers ... i could really use some of your insightful advice right about now on the topic of infjness and the workplace . after 10 years of playing in the extrovert corporate world i ... i am so stressed over nothing really important but it is important ... go figure . the taskmaster in my head creates an overwhelming to do list with goals sometimes so unreachable . i know i can do ... maybe you are a love addict ? or you are not really into your wife ? it could be a number of reasons and you are the only one who knows the answer . if this is something preventing you from having a ... i can relate to the feeling actually . at least you are being true to yourself so you can be fully present when you do meet the right person . most people don't take this time for themselves . hope ... you welcome ! hope it all works out . write updates if you don't mind . i would love to hear how things turn out . thank you for the signature compliment ... i like it too . ^ _ ^ dear extroverted friends , co-workers , and family , * * clears throat * * please back up off me when i need my space , and do not become more clingy . no its not you , because the world does not begin ... oh yah ! this is fun ! my intj boyfriend and i had the same issue but we started by talking about psychology , astronomy , astrology , mbti types , etc . you could start conversation by telling her more ... ouchies ... sounds like it hurts * * hands advil * * hey blm ! you have a lot of air in your chart , so grounding yourself would probably help you quite a bit . your energy is off the chain which is really cool ! check out www.cafeastrology.com if ... hey sillasy ! sun and moon in aries ... whew ... you have a lot of fire in your chart . fire men probably can't step to you . i usually get romantically involved with water signs ... not sure ... hey signify ! i'm not sure if i've ever dated an intp , but i relate to your infj's point of view . communication and consistency are big key points for me . i feel more safe and secure when i know ... lol ... oh please ... like precognition dreams ... you dream the future then it happens . ring any bells ? deja vu happens a lot to you ? do you have dreams within dreams ? * * think inception lol * * i experiment with my ... sorry sillasy for taking so long to respond ... i'm learning this website which is apparently a process for me ... lol ... a fun one : tongue : . i really related to what you wrote about men writing you off ... you have a lot of earth which probably makes you unstoppable . i envy all of your earthiness ... wanna let me borrow some for some air ? lolz holy water batman ! you are like a mega pisces ... lol . except you love and work like an aries which might be cool . your intuition and psychic ability must be extremely high . my boyfriend is a ... thank you ! you are awesome ! * * sends happy sprinkles * * hypocrisy from myself and others ... it is really difficult to accept every single day . i can be really hard on myself and others to hold one to their word , and accepting my and others humanity is a ... maybe you need some alone time ? if they are real friends then they will understand you need some space to re-energize . i only have a few very close friends and they understand when i tell them i ... yea i second the no use of duct tape . may i suggest ribbon ? lol ... there is never enough ni . what would you like to see khys ? the post is yours ... lead us ... * * holds breathe * * i'm glad you caught that too ... lol . well this is page 15 and on page 15 we are laughing ... catch up ... this post is falling apart ... ahhh ... ok ... how does one post videos and images ? i thought i knew how but its apparent i do not . intjs ... bring me your wisdom ... lol . < img src = > hey now ... i'm sensitive ... watch out meow : kitteh : '