' you damn infps make it hard for us enfjs . we're all over the place and where do you stay ? home , library , secluded shelther ... etc . sigh ... thanks for the responses . so i'm going to take it that all enfjs have adhd . have watched tons of tv and played tons of video games and ate lots of corn syrup as a young kid . absolutely annoying . i hate when people complain about me being quiet and interrupting my line of thoughts . i really hate it when they especially think something is wrong or i'm thinking something ... hi all , its been awhile since i've been here . i've recently been diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder . and it made me think . could it be quite possible that most enfjs have adhd ... it really depends on how you are around him . with enfjs , you'll never know . thats the beauty of it . i personally have a tendency to get real shy around the girl i actually like and end up getting ... are you kidding me ? i get bullied by intjs , they have no feelings yo , always putting me down and never provide positive reinforcements :[ hey i'm actually going through the exact samething . i'm under a quarter system which is actually worse since everything needs to be done faster . i go to class , but everytime i come back to the dorms ... this is also true . shes not a property and isn't owned by anyone . but if she moves onto you then go for it . but remember , if you do get with her , don't be surprised when you get the same treatment ... if she already has a boyfriend .. why even stress about it in the first place . girls with boyfriends are like electric fences . you're a horrible person for even considering such prospects with her and ... no . don't just go with the flow , just ask her out and you'll find out if she was really trying to connect with you . and get back to us about what happens after that . here's what i do , i tolerate the urge to speak up around my outer circle of friends . these people are just friends and acquaintances where i know they are the come and go friends . so i treat them ... i like very much . i do the exact same thing . i always get comments that i'm a very meticulous thinker . always searching for contradictions in all aspects of every individual from the things they say , things they do , ... you sound upset . i was just trying to have fun . please don't take the fun out of this . k thanks . : laughing : i can't believe you posted your response through a mobile device . lol caution : whoever made this thread and those that take it seriously are smoking too much crack . : bored : about your istj friends , you should really hold back from expressing any sort of emotions around them . i hear istjs are one of the most socially difficult people to be around with . when you say that ... what on earth ? this is power of enfj male ? pretty damn gay . go read my post about enfjs and homosexuals . no worries . in this thread , we like to ramble on like a bunch of twelve year olds , now that's objective criticism . i disagree , i believe that objective criticism is necessary , but only when its coming from a valid source or someone i respect . i see people force objective criticism onto others , thats kind of when ... not for you ... lol jk . but yeah . i was being particular about enfj because i feel this be our greatest nemesis . i agree . perfectionism pays off , but if used the wrong way , it can be damaging . hello , i just wanted to clear some things out because it seems like perfectionism and criticism has finally become a hot topic as our enfj section is starting to grow . i really want all enfjs to know ... perfectionism is a sickness not an ability . stop encouraging it , its disturbing , your lack of knowledge and my unwillingess to let this slide as misunderstood humor ... so you want to feel superior and elitist over the average and normal people ? i told my intp roommate about what you said and he says hi : happy : i used to be and still recovering from being a big time unhealthy perfectionist . a book called procrastination by jane burka and too perfect by allan mallinger really helps you understand the ups ... i need details on the you use your usual charm and bag of tricks . what do you mean by that ? this article is in no way against extroverts as people , or extroversion as a behavioural pattern . here , i am assuming that most extroverts would not even care to spend time reading too many ... because where i come from , being nice means you're gay . coudln't agree more with you on that one . thats why i got confused because on here it says istjs often work for long periods , devoting their energy to tasks that they see as important to ... i never knew we revert to our unhealthy shadow functions during stressful times . i guess that explains a lot then . i'm an enfj and i feel the same way too . in fact , its exactly the same . i just took another myers briggs test and my results showed me as istj and i came into this section and found a lot of things i ... i'm sure a lot of us are aware of the notion of the bright and dark side of an enfj . we go through stages of depression as it escalates . we have trouble being alone and if kept isolated for a good ... theres no need to defend anyone here . i just wanted to make sense out of something that didn't make sense . stop distorting the truth . are you kidding me , i love all kinds of sports from football to basketball . i also enjoy sports that don't require a team like tennis and out-door rock climbing . i also plan on joining the water polo ... i'm not too sure if enfjs are easily influenced . its more like , they naturally adapt to the situation the best they can but i hope most of you know whats good for you when it comes down to it . enfjs ... do most enfjs tend to be homo-sexual ? i've been noticing a lot of gay people in this section . i mean i'm totally neutral about homo-sexuality , just leave that to politics , i even have friends who're ... i'm just wondering what the previous post meant . also , let me undo your poor manipulated fallacy , being a healthy enfj or a balanced one has nothing to do with any of this , i just want to make sure ... that made no sense , influenciable isn't even a word . this is why i'm uncomfortable around entjs . theres two entjs in my frat . one is cool i like him , the other dude annoys the hell out of me . long story short , he reminds me of a serial killer , he has ... yes yes and depends . i easily take any task handed to me , but that would be the case a couple of years back . people with sharing and giving personalities should watch out for this . don't ... i notice how i easily get any type of girls . always bring out the best in them from the freaky-side to whatever i want it to be . uhhh not bragging just saying . i'm enfj btw . i don't have to ask for ... i never knew enfjs were capable of doing drugs . : crazy : what area in la are you at ? we actually had this thread before . if you look at the intj section , you'll realize their section is very much alive . they even start social projects and experiments together over the forums .  ... but they were just done explaining to me that infp and intps are similar . my roomies intp he's pretty laid back . well me being a male and all i can't afford to put on a : angry : to ward off attention . thats exactly it ! you hit the spot with the a ) i feel like me deep down inside and b ) i'm upset that i'm not me . theres always this lingering feeling where i'm mad at myself but didn't know why , ... '