' ugh , so sick of being sick and this is only the second day . to make things worse life trolled me by allowing me to think i was getting better this morning , but nope , i get up to do a few things and ... you seem like an infp to me :) quiet voice , friendly demeanor , artistic streak , infp :) . love the music by the way , i never could get past riffs on the guitar :/ do you ever feel like you have so much to say to the world but you just know it will never come out right , so you just say little things hoping someone will hear the depth of the ocean that little ... this is best list . ^ - ^ 1.my lord and savior jesus , ( he is the one that made this place so awesome so he get's top spot ;) ) 2.my family , who is so patient with me . 3.love , it works wonders . :) 4.peace , never can have ... as a kid the only person i really had any relationship with family wise was my dad , but now ( after what ? 16 years * rollseyes ) we've all finally learned to get a long and accept each other as a whole ... you know , somebody you really looked up to and wanted to be like . as a kid teachers used to love asking this question and i never really had an answer . i just never really bothered to look up to ... sandman , sandman , sandman , reaching out for love . curling his salty fingers , he cups in his hand a pool of red passion . with joy it soaks in , with joy it breaks free , taking with it his ... oh ma gosh , this is me , very very much me . o . o especially the sanguine weaknesses , ack . > . < ( oh , and i accidentally voted wrong , > . < ) i tried to chat , but nobody was there :/ so sad :'( interesting . i like the way you describe this :) i would say that , no , my senses do not control me at all . in fact i'm in my head more often than not , even while walking in a really pretty place , i ... i'm not much of an artist but i will admit i love to create art :p roud : there is just something to it , not to mention the rare moment when someone looks at what you've done and says , wow , that's ... hmmm , i used to think i didn't like babies . the truth was i was scared of them , never wanted to hold one because i was so certain i was going to drop the little thing or mess everything up somehow ... interesting , but i have both these functions . :/ a fallen tree can remind me of something abstract pretty quickly , but then my brain can just as easily start working on what i could do ( creatively ... oh wow , this sounds like my childhood and my current self too ... but to a lesser extent . i will still imagine myself with people , talking to people i'm interested in , in a cast of characters in a show ... hey , thanks for the reply , could you give me an example of active engagement with external reality ? : happy : nah , if i believe there might be something to what the other person is saying i'll usually give them credit for it . the only time i admantly disagree with someone is when i know without a doubt for ... i'm just trying to figure this one out . many people on this site have typed me as isfp , for various reasons , normally falling down to something along the lines of , well your dominant function ... when one of my new bunnies , brambles , ran up and sniffed me like , u r food , right ? it was adorable : 3 thank you for your response persephone ! i really appreciate your perspective here , i'm not sure i would have ever considered asking an upperclassman for their old books , i will certainly be giving ... alright guys , so i'm entering college for the first time this august ( god willing ) and i'm considering e-textbooks since the are supposedly cheeper and cheep is what i need right now . i was ... sorry you had to go through this . normally i don't get a very strong re-action to stuff like that , i mean , if i see someone's dog smooshed on the road and i know that dog had someone that loved it ... when you think about it darkness is pretty much the natural state of the universe , it takes effort to create light ... in other words good things don't just happen and truth doesn't just fall in ... ... * a moment of intense thought * you ... you are the left eye , i am the right , perhaps only together we can see the light ... yeah ... i think o . o ( xd ) i can be pretty deep when i want to be , when i take that dive into humanity , but there's so much pain there , can't you see ? so for know , i rather just float here peacefully , and be who i am ... i can be pretty deep when i want to be , when i take that dive into humanity , but there's so much pain there , can't you see ? so for know , i rather just float here peacefully , and be who i am ... i recently saw bridge to terrabithia ( made me cry : crying : ) horton hears a who ( awesome : tongue : ) and august rush ( have seen this quite a few times and still love it to death :p roud : ) alright , so it's just a goofy g-rated animation but honestly i find that i've fallen in love with this movie . the artwork was whimsical and really well done , the measage if you really pay attention ... your certainly not alone in this , i do this whenever i'm trying to work out a problem or just basically whenever i have something on my mind ... it actually kinda run's in my family > . > it is odd when ... tired , some how hopeful for tomorrow but not really wanting today to end yet ... i'm not sure about the whole world exploding thing xd but i'm certainly guilty of the whole self-interview thing ... it's actually kinda helpful when your going through stuff and you feel like the ... don't worry , you'll do fine just make sure you're prepared . i remember one time i had to give an oral / powerpoint , i was not ready ! i had procrastinated till the last second then whipped together a ... august rush ! <3 i'm straight as a ruler ( guys all the way romantically speaking ) though i can be prone to developing friend crushes ( i just have a hard time not seeing the beauty in people : 3 ) ethylester omg that's so awesome ! your going to be a wonderful mother <3 congrats and god bless ! this song describes my feelings about god so well , it's practically my new theme song : 3 i am trying to wean myself off of soda and it is harder than i ever imagined > . > plus there is a big ol ' 2 liter sundrop sitting on my desk cleaverly placed there by my brother to tempt me no doubt ... i think i'm in love with this thread ... i mean i understand how it could lead to negative feelings and that is why in the beginning i was rolling my eyes a bit . being left out is a real emotion and it ... hmmm , i'm not sure but i think i'm starting to feel a little at home on this forum now :) yeah , the compliment the person above you thread . i always noticed that your compliments were usually well thought out and meant something ... sorry if i caught you by surprise though , i tend to ... i'll vouch for you ! xd you've always struck me as a kind sensitive person :) xd why am i loving the above conversation ! don't worry ! i think eyenexepee just sensed two strong independent personalities and thought you would both react ... well ... how you're ... i miss your old avatar but i think your new one is hilarious ! xd yay ! i'm glad you approve :p roud : xd not at all , the implication was that my own brain made odd connections xd ( you see i haven't gotten to know either of you very well yet my brain had somehow connected you two :) ... come to think ... i melt , like a popsicle ... except there is a hornet inside that has been sleeping underneath the sweetness and cool ... don't poke that hornet or it will wake from it's hibernation you will be stung > . > ... you are awesomeness ! ! ! xd jk but seriously , your alright in my book ;) okay , i'm going to take a shot at this . now realize this is a shot in the dark and more for fun than anything but i suggest and the dreamer be paired :P ( sorry if this is really off ... '