' hesher various scenes from lotr trilogy koyaanisqatsi equilibrium ghost yikes . be careful with adderall and prozac . the two are not meant to be combined . i tried the combination for a few months ( starting around march of 2012 ) and i'm not sure how to describe how i felt ... the manipulation , how well they think they can read people , how they treat social interaction as some sort of game to be won , or humans as puzzled to be solved , and their overall tendency to treat ... the parable of whiteness - - - imagine that you are in a white room , with white walls , white floor , white ceiling , no corners . imagine that you are suspended in this ...  i see them as smart , oblivious to most things physical , not completely aware of how they are perceived , and occasionally insensitive . i like them . the females that i know have a childlike ... to be fair , lying is more common with drug users than it is with enfjs . from what i have learned from people with bad drug habits it is that they will do anything to get their fix . lying is usually ... first world problems . : rolleyes : edit : why don't you just call them ? if they don't answer , leave a voicemail . if they don't call back , take the hint . quit being a baby :P hmm , an easy answer could be drugs . maybe they took some benzos because they couldn't overcome their anxiety ? cocaine or other stimulants could also make one more talkative . another possibility ... maybe you're just a jerk ^ _ ^ surprisingly , no . i used to be , but i was just insecure . i was dating a guy who is a compulsive liar and who also wasn't faithful . i'm not sure if i was jealous of other women . i might've been ... intjs were not put on this planet to love ! we have more important things to do :) it is crazy how similar your situation was to mine not so long ago . irrational emotions made me feel insane . i couldn't concentrate on anything but him ! nothing made sense anymore . in all my ... absolutely ! i love his brain . he's worthy . plus , he seems to be an entp . i have a thing for entps and evil geniuses who use their power for good . :) i wear dark kiss from bath & body works . i asked my boyfriend for his opinion of it before buying it . people often tell me , mid-hug , how good i smell . sometimes i think they are smelling my hair ... talk about your feelings with them . continue talking about your feelings with them . i sort of stalk . they have to be really interesting , so it's rare . i stop eventually . oh , and it's only facebook stalking . i don't enjoy stalking anybody in real life . that's just creepy . :P i just ... i wasn't sure exactly what an estp is supposed to be like , so i looked it up : estps are outgoing , straight-shooting types . enthusiastic and excitable , estps are doers who live in the world of ... i think the question isn't about how you prove that you care for someone as it is about what you have noticed you've done or said for people you care about . looking back , do you notice how you treat ... why bother then ? he doesn't want to talk about it . leave him alone . he needs to talk to someone with some emotional maturity who can help him with his problems . there's a reason you feel guilty ... hmm . i don't know the full story with enfj female , but i can think of plenty of reasons as to why he would stop pursuing her and talking about her . she probably showed in some way that she was not ... i like sex ... just not with other people ? :P seriously though , i do like sex , but i may seem frigid because everyone who tries to have sex with me ( or if i can tell that's what they want ) gets ... what if it's something you don't know about a person who you are interested in ? do you hate that too , or love it ? from my own intj-love experience , i don't find her text all that surprising . she's happy , in love , probably high on those new love hormones being released in her body . i have been that mushy before ... what if destroying him is all part of her master plan ? : shocked : no , but i think if someone like rush limbaugh or maybe the leaders of the westboro baptist church died i'd be beyond thrilled , so i can understand how it's possible that someone could feel joy in ... i don't know what to say other than , well done ! :) i actually have many intj friends ( all guys , i just realized ) and none of them are the stereotypical intjs you can sometimes see in the forums ... these are all the things that worked for me . i sort of had to figure them out for myself because i refused to talk to anyone about it . i refused to express emotions or talk to a friend about my ... 11 out of 40 . i think it's more the existentialist in me . i've noticed that they can be seen as similar to sociopaths . well , it worked in luring us to the thread . i think he's trying to convince us to care about this pitch by saying it's in our curious nature to do so . he's really not the best salesman . that's not how my curiosity works . :P are intjs known for being misunderstood ? maybe you are the only intj and the rest of us are fakes , because i don't understand you , your logic , or your motives . marijuana makes me faint . i don't even have to smoke it , just be exposed to it . especially at concerts , in a crowd of people passing around joints , i always feel like i'm going to faint and have ... dear infj , i am envious of your ability to get along with and understand everyone and your emotional maturity . i sometimes wish i was an infj , but only up to a point . remember that line between ... wanna talk about it ? :P no really , i have feelings today :) ah , well i'm just remembering from past experiences . it is true that you'll probably never hear from him again , but maybe that's best . i'm just advising based on what naturally comes to me ... hmm . i think he needs to be slapped around a little . really though , just ignore him . they seem to like that and it's easy to do :P if you really want him though , make sure he sees you as ... the girliest thing i do might be that i wear make-up . well , usually just mascara and maybe eyeliner . i feel super girly when i use blush . also , i have long hair . that's girly , right ? oh ! ... haven't had a good shit storm in weeks . after you :) sure , take the easy way out . avoidant much ? well he did say except for yourself which could be his way of telling her he finds her attractive . who said self-awareness is bad ? it's one of the abilities i value most about myself . i also didn't say there was anything bad about facing the question . you assume too much . how's that workin ' ... i could be an istj . who knows ? anyone wanna study my posts to figure me out ? i think the purpose of this thread is simply to piss off intjs . i'll just watch for now . maybe he thinks women will actually take it personally , like how guys can be insecure about their penis . maybe he thinks women are insecure about all of those odd insults . i wouldn't find any of ... nope ! tried it . had a nervous breakdown after doing it for too long . i kept reminding myself of what i did and said to people . the negative thoughts just repeated over and over in my brain until ... same thing happens with me , an intj . i've only deeply loved one person in my life . i thought i knew love until i met him . also , he is married , so i won't ever allow myself to have him . i don't want ... intelligence . passion in what they do . love of learning . anyone who can make me think , alter my perspective on the world , or offer refreshing insights are actually the sexist people in the world to ... the girliest thing i do is play with my tits throughout the day . just one of those unconscious habits , i suppose . bullshit '