' me : infp platonic soulmate : istj thing 1 : esfj thing 2 : infj that kid who ditched us for the poupular kids , but still talks to us sometimes : enfj guy who had a crush on me freshman year , but ... this is also interesting from an authors point of view . for instance j . r . r tolkien is normally typed as an infp as is frodo . j . k . rowling is typed as an infp , and harry is normally typed as an infp ... an infp istj pair . the infp to discover the feeling and the istj to approach it logically . this pairing works really well , occasionally my friend ( an istj ) will ask me to help her figure out what ... you won't rest until you find the answers , what ever they may be . yeah , i don't think that your type can ever change , i just think it's possible to superficially appear to be / act like another type under the right circumstances , especially if your function ... infj seems pretty accurate . i know most js are typically stereotyped as being ' organized ' my infj sister's room is pretty messy ( mine is worse ) . i think the fact that your mom stresses out about it ... pinterest is the only ' social media ' that doesn't stress me out . it's like a social media with little to no social interaction . all i do is browse through picture and pin the ones i like . no stress ... an entp who likes sherlock ? ! ? oh the conversations we could have ! i'm very interested in the fashion statements of infjs now because the two i know who actually express themselves with their ... so i've noticed that out of the three infjs i know , two of them wear t-shirts with snarky / sarcastic slogans on them , and the third only recently started picking out her own clothing and is highly ... i really think the success of the relationship is hinged on how self aware the infp is . see , my dearest friend is an istj , and she has two of us infps in her life . her relationship with the other , ... niss thanks for catching my typo ! this is what i meant . infp istj fi si ne te si fi te ne ( myers briggs supplement relationship ) ... infps and istjs are shadow types . our functions are ... what's the word ? flipped ? anyway , it means that what is weak in an infp , is strong in an istj and vice versa . but since we have the same ... i don't know if this fits what you were thinking of , but when infps feel like they are in danger of being judged ( aka when they are around people they don't know well ) infps shut down all sorts of ... you guys are so out of the box and free spirited ! i think the greatest evil i've seen in a fictional infp is to be in a place of power , and to let evils occur because he didn't like confrontations . ( the show ? the musketeers bbc , and the character ... type total male female difference infp 4.4 % 4.1 % 4.6 % . 5 % infj 1.46 % 1.3 % 1.6 % . 3 % isfp 8.8 % 7.6 % 9.9 % 2.3 % isfj 13.8 % 8.1 % 19.4 % 11.3 % ... i think i act like an intj around those i don't know very well . it's a survival response because if i show ' my true self ' i'll be ' judged ' . i gradually open up to close friends . actually , i typed ... actually there is something to this . 70 % of all fs are women . 70 % of all men . this only applies to real life , not fiction obviously . no other letter is influenced by gender . very colorful .. you must be an enfp . or maybe a enfj ? i'm bad with the j / p thing ... and i hope you don't mean physical attraction , because that implies that i'm attracted to a cartoon lion ... bah ... i such at math , but i think it's because most of my math teachers were soul sucking low lifes who enjoyed proving that they were smarter then elementary / middleschoolers . i did well in the class of ... there are these really good youtube videos . look up craig calvert . he explains them really well with one of his buddies . basically to summarize what they say - n vs s is all about how you take in ... okay ... i look all of them up on google , except for regina , i know who she is well enough . hmm ... with the exception of leslie all of them seem to have some trouble story line , and many of them ... aww don't be mean to the poor istj ! she's having an emotion ! as for fi , i suppose you could say us infps are experts , and yes i can confirm that you are experiencing it . don't worry , it's normal ! ... you guys are so stable , and organized , and driven ! you see for me i did some research into this whole ennegrams shindig and although i didn't think it was going to be as accurate as the myers-briggs , i took the test . it said i scored equally in 9 and ... * internet hugs * there's really nothing anyone can say to make you feel any better . there is a healing process you have to go through , one where you ask a lot of questions that have no good answers ... enfp : 0 confirmed , 1 suspected enfj : 2 confirmed entp : 1 confirmed entj : 0 confirmed , 1 suspected esfp : 0 esfj : 1 confirmed estp : 0 estj : 0 isfp : 0 confirmed , 2 suspected isfj : 0 oh no , i'm not trying to comment on religion and / or evolution ( i really don't have a firm opinion on evolution actually . ) . i'm just saying it's a type of arrogance to think were soo much better than ... aren't humans animals regardless of the whole being descended from apes ? homo sapiens sapiens ? i mean we aren't separate from animals . we follow the same pattern , we have blood and skin and bones . so ... you know there might be a generational component to this . my dad is the same type as me , but he doesn't use emoticons , rarely texts back , and when he does he makes it brief and to the point . i think ... yup . my istj buddy takes thorough notes and does all her homework on time . and finds time to practice her clarinet , listen to indie songs , and keep her room neat and tidy . my infj sister does the ... yup . my istj buddy takes thorough notes and does all her homework on time . and finds time to practice her clarinet , listen to indie songs , and keep her room neat and tidy . my infj sister does the ... i seem to have touched a nerve . ooo . :p roud : being sadistic has nothing to do with being intj , and everything to do with being a cat . i don't think being an in intj means you're a sadist . i typed ... on asking an infp for advice , go not to the elves for council for they will say both yes and no . the only reason some people think we give good advice is we can say the stupidest stuff in a ... all the xxxjs ? they make plans and get stressed out if they don't keep to them . right ? planning stresses out percivers so we're more likely to procrastinate . at least that's my understanding . istp guys , guys chill . we aren't trying to guess their actual type ! we're trying to say what type would have that username steriotypically . all cats are intjs . dogs are probably esfps . i could allow for some of the less sadistic cats being intps , not that intjs are sadistic , it's just that the intp cats are just as sadistic as the intj ... hello all ! i've been absent for a while . firstly i'd like to thank you all for the help . secondly i'd like to update you on my progress with my istj guy . i have actually gotten up the nerve to talk ... 1 ) type : infp 2 ) text style : i tend to either use bad grammar purposefully like ' you is ' or ' you be ' , or old english like ' shall ' and ' thou ' . other than that i tend to follow english language ... yes she does ' know ' him but even less than i do . deep down i know that her advice will allways be the best , because she can approach it from a place of logic , however i need a more reassurance of the ... hello , istj's ! i , the friendly infp , have a question for your logical little brains ! my crush is one of you . sadly he and i do not interact on more than acquaintance level , solely because we haven't ... my family - my dad is an infp . he was adopted , and we don't know anything about his birth mom . he is the eldest child of his adoptive family , but my aunt is sixteen years younger than him so he was ... two melons are talking and the first melon says let's run away together ! the second melon replies , i'm sorry , but i cantaloupe . a rabbi was walking down a county road when he came across a ... an infp turns on the imperial march from star wars to make a dramatic entrance and ruins the effect by giggling . also infp's and infj's react to problems differently . the infj wants to fix it , the infp wants to understand it ( ei we want to know what went wrong in the real world so we can fix our perfect inner ... kallinhausin , you may have just rooted out the problem . infp's can be prone to depression because of our tendency to dwell on the complexity of our problems or societies problems or just problems ... in regards to the king , ( in the show , not in the book , i haven't read the book , shame on me ) i would say that he is infp , but spoiled . remember this guy became king at the tender age of 8 ( or ... sunlight bouncing off the fog at dawn . serendipity songs are really powerful . i just have to remember they weren't trying to hurt me . '