' i'm an infp but this topic is more analytical so i'm posting it in the nt forum . a little bit of background info ... i'm currently a resident in a surgical training program . i am finding that surgery ... show me something evil . what is the flag the ship is flying ? also lex rex is a great name for a row of 14 inch guns ... show me laziness . welcome ! :p roud : an infj that i know definitely does this . he has a lot of nostalgia for early 90s hip hop like mc hammer . meeting new people : 7 with people you know but not well : 8 with your group of close friends : 5 with you closest friend : 2 i find it easier to meet new people than to talk to casual ... napoleon might have been an intj . he spent most of his time at the military academy holed up in his room reading about history and science . he spent very little time socializing with his fellow ... wrong thread ... absolute dictator , writer , historian , artist , screenwriter kinda going off mbti stereotypes here but i would say if you as an entj are well suited to enter a managerial position in any of those fields you may want to pursue an mba or mph in night school ... biology ... some of my teachers / professors said too many um's and uh's when lecturing . i would say avoid too many um's and uh's , and avoid monotone . good luck :) battle is joined between good and evil ... join yourself to the battle , normalcy is immaterial a solid first effort :) hmm i would say you could try making improvements on proportions and angles . practice will make perfect , good luck . the posts here are more anti-mediocritist than anti-elitist . the caution is raised that self-conscious intellectualism ought not be conflated with intellectual achievement of consequence or worth . random name i came up with , variation of the word deuterium pronounced c . dew tair ee un i thought it was more of a stab at people who lack accomplishment . truly accomplished idealists are never so self-conscious as to start labelling themselves as part of a special intellectual caste ... going again yay a woman this sensitivity argument is ridiculous ... here is your original post in the god thread the labeling of religions as fake stuff is glib and potentially hurtful to those sensitive people ... which post are you referring to ? i once wrote a thread with those ideas - but it was an off the cuff idea and certainly not plagiarized or based off what you may have written elsewhere . : blushed : ... infp , debate threads , game threads lots of seafood of every variety . my grades are high mediocre . i don't know my iq and don't particularly care to find out . i believe in god . evil death stare makes me feel so alone in the universe ... i dreamt that i lost an important school notebook and was desperately looking everywhere in the city to find it . when i woke up i immediately looked over to my desk and was relieved to see the ... i dislike anime , however i enjoy the anime-ish show avatar : the last airbender . favorite foods : sashimi , and lamb biryani . favorite restaurant : grandmas pizza , a pizza parlor in ohio which closed down a few years ago . i just got out of bed at 330 pm after having a great night's sleep and am ready to make this a productive day . my enfj friend once called me a giant human turd and provided a devastating , point by point proof of his thesis . i left the conversation more upbeat and optimistic that i had been entering it . my ... youtube - eminem - drips lyrics infjs are amazing , poetic , deep , supernatural people . they have a habit of dropping truth bombs when they speak . talmud patristics murray rothbard wikipedia i'll be the food taster . free food ! one of the allowable outcomes - conveniently ignored by pascal's gambit - is that god will send only sincere atheists to heaven and no other group of people . the gambit is completely ruined by god's ... well this summer i'm studying 14 hours a day for a national standardized exam that all 2nd year medical students have to take . from time to time i've also brainstormed ideas for a postapocalyptic ... yeah i got up to diff eq as a biomedical engineering major w / a 2.7 gpa at which point i switched my major to biology . during college i had some issues with depression which is why my gpa was so ... i think i could channel my inner istj and be more or less satisfied working as an engineer . i do have an affinity for working on discrete technical projects . however i'm too timid to just scrap my ... it's an endlessly fascinating subject . however i'm not sure if i would be doing this if there were no money incentive involved . i suspect i would find more personal satisfaction in humanities or arts ... biology major here . i am currently in grad school . sadly i was money oriented when i entered this field . im currently searching for a more satisfying reason for being here that can sustain me for my ... the butterfly effect ( starring ashton kutcher ) that was a disturbing movie ... - fear helps the individual be wary of environmental dangers - love and sadness promote empathic cooperation and communitarian allegiance - righteous anger refines the individual's ethical codes and ... x-files venture brothers nationstates world regions . hmm perhaps kurt godel could be called the last of the intjs in the same way philopoemon was called the last of the greeks or flavius aetius was called last of the romans - a definitive but ... is it possible that , before the 20th century physics and math were fields dominated by intjs while in the 20th century many intjs fled physics and math and these became intp-dominated endeavors . i ... what other forums do you frequent ? im a regular member on a historical / political roleplaying forum . the premise of the forum is that we create fictional countries and roleplay these countries and ... hmm fascinating paradox here . i enjoy reading movie reviews from time to time . they might be considered a genre of quasi-literature . your associates are silly . if anything most people find ... '