' oh , job fairs ... > . < can't we just impress employers with our qualifications on paper , without having to make small talk in a crowded room full of people who are also loudly doing the same ? good ... i'm pansexual ( i can fall in love with somebody from any gender ) . i'm happily in a relationship with a wonderful man ( he's trans though , and would like to transition to a female body someday ) . but i ...  so bizarre ... but it's wonderful ! no problem . =)   awww . xd ahaha .  i'm sorry ! yes , too often i've found myself wanting only to retreat into my own mind , but surrounded by people who assume i want to talk , just because smalltalk is the social norm . there do not seem ...  i've been listening to this album for the past few days . it's so happy !  so much angst on this forum ! =/ you know what ? my room mate really likes this song , and it makes me inexplicably happy when she dances to it :    ahaha .  i've never felt so detached from someone i care about so much . i just want to hold someone , anyone , right now . =/ before him , i never really expressed my affection for people with physical touch , but ...      last night i had an astonishingly detailed dream . it's a bit disturbing , but it brought up some interesting ideas for me ... i dreamt that i was a descendent of ghandi - a daughter or a ... excellent point . i hadn't thought of it that way . now that you mention it , i don't think you can place a binary value on someone . nobody is completely good , or completely bad . likewise , they have the ... ( character count ) perhaps all people are inherently good because of their potential to do good , which never completely goes away even if their past actions have been bad ? yes , we must investigate it . the way i see it , though , good and bad are two facets of the same thing ( which is everything ) , just viewed from different perspective . this doesn't mean that we ... i like all of the genres you just mentioned . =) and i agree that lindsey is awesome . i'll have to look for zizi's journey ! 1 . it would certainly be beautiful once it happened , but i get the impression that it would not be easy to make happen in the first place . neither one would admit to the other that they have romantic ... so cute ! =D i've been ruminating again ... : frustrating : it's gotten to the point where i'm so tired of thinking about this problem , that i don't even have the energy to pick one of the solutions i've come up ...  this has been one of my favorites for years ! =D  i am currently reading house of leaves by mark z . danielewski . i highly recommend it ! '