' can't draw , but there's this ... isn't it obvious ? it's the same reason every intp enters a room and immediately sits in the corner . observation , protection , and camoflauge growing up in a hell-hole filled with drug addicts and having zero friends for 18 years , then getting to college on a full ride and within a month being the happiest you've ever been ? been a while . college is ... heaven . i wrote this . then promptly killed anyone that read it to destroy evidence that i have emotions :) ... child's play . one cannot poke a hole . it is an absence of material . you could go through one , or poke the edges , but not the hole itself . hmmm ... js would be better at planning ahead and such , but ps are much better at adapting to new situations and can be unpredictable . there are many factors . for example , is this a ... im 18 next friday , going to college on a full ride scholarship in the fall . i've never really fit in with my fellows . as i put it , im mentally a grumpy old man . i was born too late . i belong in a ... i'm in a small high school , only 73 in my graduating class . this means that our groups are more mixed , i . e . jocks can also be the over-acheivers . that being said , i dont have any group . i sit at an ... are we talking tribal as in african tribes , native american tribes , a tribal society in general , or just a very primitive society ? each has very different aspects . in a very primitive one , we would ... intp failure . irrepairable mistakes . the only emoticons i ever use are :P and xd to convey a humorous intent . fun fact : they actually created a punctuation mark to depict sarcasm , but it never caught on . it looks like a backwards ... one day , when i have children and they complain that they think there's a monster under the bed , i'm going to ask them why they're afraid . the monster could be quite friendly ... intps conflict with us the most , but that's just entertainment , not hatred . i want several . time control : infinite procrastination teleportation : get anywhere instantly telepathy : ability to know what someone is thinking , it would sate my curiosity i wont go with ... depends on how tired i am ... you should get an award for vagueness ... do you offer help ? need it ? 115410 ignore the sunburnt face . the sun loathes me . i've never seen another nt irl . you lucky bastard - _ - not sure . i work with exponential number theory when i'm bored ... not really sure ... etherethos ( hope i spelled it right ) due to enjoyment of philosophy ? you get a girlfriend and go into shock while wondering who broke the universe again ... gender : male hair color : dark blonde hair style : however it looks in the morning . long , bangs in my eyes , straight , thought it has this habit of slightly curling to the left ... eye shape : ? eye ... i'm currently in the process of shoving the mbti down her throat and getting her to take about 30 tests to type her well it's kinda obvious here due to our type being displayed ... but does mine fit into your little pattern ? so if something bugs me , mention it ? ( and i know , do it in a positive way , blah blah , i've taken classes on communicating effectively ) . but i've always been of the opinion that i have no right to ... they werewhispering and making it to where we ended up next to each other on all of the rides . i called them out on it . one of them , my best friend , kept pressuring us to ask each other out . the ... i was happy ... always thought i was alone in my insanity , but apparently about 3 % of the world is like me . small town , never met another nt . it was nice to know i wasn't alone . so ... i'm not really sure what happened . last saturday , for the first time in my life , i hung out with some friends at kings island ( a theme park ) . one of these friends was acting ... high fe ? what's it like ? mine's negative every intp is a walking contradiction why is a fox paradoxical ? and mild pyromania not to mention it's not a good idea to put us around flammable chemicals . nooo ... it's too early for me to be intelligent . try again after about 3 ... a . m . * whistles inconspicuously and scrolls through , looking for the female symbol on a user's post * xd how about the dependables , because every answer has to have an it depends somewhere in it . oh you silly bastard , you think intps have souls ? nah , we just turn into malware and upload ourselves onto the internet no ! never touch me ! ... ok , deep down below the sociopathic tendencies and logic , yes . all i want some days is to wrap my arms around someone and hold on for hours . sexual arousal doesn't ... this is one thing i've never matched up with . i loathe drugs with a burning molten hatred . probably because i take meds for adhd , and various druggies would steal them . my father would defend ... rubik's cube . been working on it for 3 years off and on . i swear , if one more person says i can solve it , i know the pattern i'm going to choke them . the point isn't solving it by cheating , it's ... how long ? let's see ... 6551 days so far , and she just asked me to hang out for the first time yesterday :P no one knows what they're doing . we all just sort of screw around until we die :P i quote this love ! oh sorry , i didn't notice the sarcasm :P apologies yes but i also have to eventually steer it and such using my laptop as the controller what game ? ( cue saw theme song ) i've no idea . i've never messed with robotics before . i did build a simple hovercraft last year , but that was mostly duct tape and a vacuum . this is ... i think i understand what a servo is , ... been there , done that . and pascals triangle as well , wrote it out to the 50th level . i'm apparantly going to build an rc car from scratch and control it with my laptop ... i'm using an rc ... don't you dare penetrate my lair . number theory . i've already formulated my patterns for the 2nd , 3rd , and 5th powers of whole numbers . screw it - _ - sets up the barbed wire around my corner and does math '