australia is not infp . i would say isfj . ah yes , it's a common fantasy ( one i've definitely participated in ) . but remember : that would be letting the bastards win ! with the world the way it is , we need all the infps we can get right here . ... i adore travel . the chance to see things in a new way , from a new point of view : we travel , i think , to not only see the world in a new way , but to see ourselves in a new way . we hope the setting ... yeah , i hate talking on the phone too . it's so unnatural : a disembodied voice coming from a block of plastic . when you think about it , it makes plenty of sense ! also , people can lie much easier on ... yeah , i guess you're right . i'm def not comfortable with guilt , though , but i feel it can be a selfish thing ... it makes excuses for why i don't go out of my way to help people , or otherwise get ... i have a problem i need help with . it might seem a bit silly , but i really have no-one to talk to about this . please help , if you can ... i work night shift in a press analysis office . it's a ... and jesus , and frodo , and harry potter .. ! :D it's difficult when you're depressed to get that distance i think . in that case happiness isn't a choice . it's is absolutely unattainable , in that moment . i love music , books , films , and going out , but all for different reasons . i have to be in the right ' mood ' i guess . i'm really into reading at the moment though , live music not so much . i think i ... a stuffed bison ? cute ! they are such unusual creatures , very ancient looking . 1 . my favourite animal is a fennec fox 2 . i find the world too hard and absolute 3 . i love travelling ... the actual ... as funny as it sounds , i know what you mean ! i never sleep properly when there's someone else there . ' imagination rules the world . ' - napoleon despite it's source , this has been a favourite quote for me for a long time . despite my scorn for any application that involves war , i think this is one ... this is exactly why we can make great writers . :D he will be replaced . that's how these organisations work , why they're so efficient . they become martyrs , inspirers . cut off one head and two spring up in its place . infj , definately . i think he was too judgemental to be a perceiver ... but then again , he could have been an infp gone j . doesn't mean all infjs would act as he did though , i want to be clear . you called it whimsy ? fantastic ! :) :D i really like this . it's sad you have to be tired to express your true nature though . :P i totally get this . ive always seen faces everywhere . i used to live beneath a mountain - all the cliff faces looked human to me . i will see faces in clouds , woodwork , wallpaper , even water stains ! i ... it seems to me that many of us have a particular outlook on life that may be called ' whimsical . ' we seem to have the ability to be quite youthful or wide-eyed in the way we see the world , if we allow ... i wish i had a mentor in melbourne . i guess my guiding light is my mother , to be honest . we are quite close , even though i now live nearly 3000 km away . she's an infp too , so i guess i appreciate her ... koalas can be vicious actually . they have claws . no joke ! my sister is enfp . she's a passionate person who runs her own business ( she teaches the mbti , actually ) . sometimes i find her a bit nosy and full-on . generally we get on however . she remind me of ... i like foxes . they are pretty quiet and solitary , unless with those they are close to . good at hiding . also owls . for simular reasons , i guess . :P i think you just answered your own question there ... we can't express ourselves in ' real life ' so we band together and do it here , where it's safe . i know i should go onto the other types ' pages , but ... i tend to go for music with a slight exotic sound . something like vast fits the bill nicely . i like music with loops of unusual instruments or interesting orchastration . i like music with lots of ... yeah , i find it difficult to fit into organised society . i don't agree with what motivates a lot of people : wealth , fame , having kids , getting married , owning property , etc . i'd wager quite a few of ... it's excessively important to write stuff down when you're feeling inspired . doesn't matter whether you're in the shower , or if you've just gone to bed . these kind of inconvinient lightening bolts ... i posted a thread about this recently . i've always wanted to write , though for me plots are difficult . i do a better job at non-fiction writing . i did an autobiography course a couple years back , ... god yes ! it's often music with me too . tv . films . i have a go-to selection of dvds for when i'm feeling down . certain foods . sleeping . at the moment : this forum . ;) ugh , hate large groups . the easiest thing to do would be to introduce her gradually , rather than hitting her with everyone at once . as an infp , i have a terrible memory for names , and feel awful when ... i'm not interested . i have never been interested . even as a kid i hated playing ' families ' with the other kids . i wanted to read . :P sometimes i feel like i have no opinions . of course , that's not true - sometimes it's just hard for me to articulate them in a manner which will not leave me misunderstood . i also hate confrontation , ... so what you want is a self-hating infp , cut off from their feelings ? why , may i ask ? i too have issues making my stories ' about ' something . i tend to get too fixated on description or on a particular situation . i have trouble writing a ' plot . ' i find that going for a walk with a tape ... only aussie so far . :( come on fellow countryfolk , where are you ? ! totally this . i walk into poles ( and sometimes people ) waay too often . oftentimes , because i am staring at a flower or contemplating the quality of light or something . i'm also quite bad at ... there is time : then there is infp time . :D meloncholic . don't even need to take a test . then again , might just be the way i'm feeling today ... i can be pretty bad with money . but then , i can also ' survive ' on whatever i have pretty well . i'm extremely wary of taking on any long-term commitments , like a mortgage , kids , car , etc . even a 2 ... good pissed or bad pissed ? vaan maybe i was just lucky ! i kinda found my entree into sydney society via a band forum , plus my half-sister lives there . i had none of that in melbourne , and i've found it really hard . :P country ... i agree , though it can be a bit too ' cliquey ' for me . can't stand sydney as a city , but the people are much more open = easier to make friends . yeah , i have an english father and a scots mother . dad says stupid things when he gets drunk , and i think he had a problem with alcohol before i was born . mum has said before that is she didn't find ... oh damn , do i agree . it's difficult being so truthful sometimes :P - but then i think i wouldn't be friends with people who are unable to deal with the truth . frodo baggins : without a doubt . which is a good sign , because he's ' one of us ' apparently ! i adore his ability to take on a great burden for the greater good and follow this commitment through until ... discrimination , conservatism , bigotry , egocentricity , sliminess , naked ambition . pretty sure all have been mentioned here before . also clinginess . i need my space , damnit ! x ( yeahyeahyeah i didn't hear an answer to my question ... why thank you . :D and ... hold on a minute , why the discrimination against our own kind ? ? it's been said already , but i'm so happy to have found you people . i've know so few infps in my lifetime , it's a delight to read things i can actually relate to . as i work at a press clippings ... god , you people are amazing . just want to say it . :D i guess , for me , my classic double-edged sword is my truthfulness . well , i suppose if you're speaking of it as a positive , it would be called ...