' we all have cried . that was the first thing we did after we were brought to this world . btw , the last few times i cried , i cried for fictional characters . some people like to ask you to repeat whatever you say even though they can hear it . i guess their brains are slower and they do it on reflex to buy more time to think . i usually pause and say ... i tried it when i was small , and i didn't like it at that time . maybe i will try again when i have time . i don't like to call . i prefer to text unless i'm too lazy to type . i have an introvert friend that doesn't like to call or text either . i don't know how to communicate with him . no , i live in hong kong . i brought the dvds . have you tried watching it online ? i'm obsessed with sherlock holmes . after i finished watching the bbc sherlock , i have a big urge to read the sherlock holmes books . i planned to read them before , but it was only a plan . i want to ... she does ! she has her own unicorn ! i like the show ( because of the characters sheldon cooper and amy farrah fowler ) . i think about it almost once a week . maybe it's not healthy ... zooey deschanel was my girl crush . try to stay on topic : there is something called marketing and packaging . i talk to myself , in english . my first language is cantonese and i live in a cantonese environment . so this is kind of weird . i saw pedobear standing in the street today swinging its arms and looking innocent . i still wonder what was it doing there ... luckily i didn't see any kids around ... i want a uv protection visor , samsung galaxy s2 case , and a pair of gloves , to avoid getting static shocks . i guess i will have to buy them myself . mine is cute . people don't communicate with me via email . so when this guy sent an email and asked me how was i doing and asked about me , i was a bit shocked . i thought it must be a spam because he wouldn't send ... i'm surrounded by so many sensors that i don't remember how it's like to have a mentally stimulating conversation . :( my mum is an sj and my dad is an sp . we argue at least once every other day . mostly because they are not okay with the way i do things .  ... daydream is the way to help me sleep . i sometimes daydream about being a unicorn and walking in forest and that's a very effective dream :D no no no . i did not take any action to hurt anyone . those thoughts are like , that person deserves that bad thing happens on him . kind of cursing thought . my mum taught me never to curse or think ... i have so many evil thoughts popping up recently . i never wanted anyone to get hurt but i can't stop those thoughts . help ! D: i read . i read a lot . i could read at least 13 books a month and those were not thin books . i remember when i was younger , during a practice before performing melodica on stage , a teacher ( who does not in charge of the melodica group ) walked in and watched us practice . she said i didn't ... i like 2 , 11 , and 22 . i guess it's because if i sum up all the number of my birth date , and keep summing till it's single digit , it's 2 . and before that it's 11 . 22 looks like two swans swimming ... i have neat writing , though when i was a kid my writing cannot count as beautiful . later i found my classmate had beautiful writing and i started imitated hers and other people's beautiful ... mandarin : 因為你 - 方大同 khalil fong cantonese : 柳暗花明 - 王菀之 ivana wong be more patient when dealing with less intelligent people . i have trypophobia ( fear of cluster of holes ) and fear of whistling , human whistling . it makes me anxious just to see people put their lips together as if they are whistling . a lot of commercials ... i love singing . i hold a concert every day at 6pm in my bathroom . my friends love to sing karaoke . the first was a bit awkward but not anymore especially after they told me i sing good . i've been procrastinating for a week now . time to stop and work on my paper ! i will start tomorrow , after i've eaten a great , full breakfast . i will work four hours before i can take a rest . i ... i'm a 5w6 :D my 4 score is low . a lot of type 5 on this forum is 5w4 and they like to make topics in type 5 forum that are specific to 5w4 ... i was like okay ... alright ... * shrugs * i'm sure you've got the answer already so i don't repeat . however i would like to ask what made you wanted to ask this question ? mandarin chinese and cantonese . agree . what make group project worse is when you can't choose your groupmates . it gets even worse when you found there's difficulty between you and your groupmates to communicate . the smell of new books . i envy sheldon cooper from the big bang theory . no matter how annoying he acted , no matter how annoyed his friends got , his friends were still there for him . he could be as true as he wanted . he ... i'm a christian intp too . i noticed most intps here aren't . welcome to the cafe ! i wonder if i should buy a guitar and learn it on my own or join a guitar class . if i choose to learn it on my own , i'm afraid i would procrastinate . if i join a guitar class , with my schoolmates ... there was a girl in my class that was into astrology and was also a tarot reader . she was into this kind of stuff . one day in the class , she asked me what was my sign . scorpio . and then she gave me ... i hate it when i said something , someone rephrased it and said it to me ( as a reply of what i just said ) , as if i didn't understand / know it already . what u___u i don't watch sports but i have fun playing winning eleven with my siblings and watch the playback . it depends on what kind of emotions emotional people show in front of me . to angry people and whiners , i usually ignore them if their emotion makes them difficult to talk to . but if they were sad and ... i like to talk on the phone with my best friend , though it can't be a frequent thing . about once every five months . other friends , i prefer them to text me and they better tell me everything they ... if i can't turn off my thought , i will daydream about doing things that make me feel comfortable . last night i daydreamed about being a unicorn and taking a walk . somehow it helped me i fell asleep ... infp is not boring . no no no ! i like to be a female . sometimes i want to be a man because i think i could have less things to worry about when i walk alone at night and i wouldn't have to worry about getting pregnant . being a ... i don't have advice for you to get him back . however i think you should set a time for yourself . say , six months ( imo , 6 months is too long , but since you like him so much and can't move on , maybe 6 ... why did i decide to try stumbleupon before my exam ? not a good idea ... mbti is an indicator , not a test . it helps me to understand who i am and why i do things in a certain ways . it also help me to realise my weaknesses so that i can work on them . i don't think the ... p for procrastinate . why i wasn't born an intj ? '