' nay , i am not high . i just simply accepted the truth of reality , of the mbti , and have chosen to never forget . also of use to you from the incompatibilia istp indeed ! our leader has stated it before numerous times . i highly recommend you read the following chapters and subsections from the incompatabilia istp : volume 54 chapter 68 verse 2063 ; volume 61 ... as stated by sniperpanda in the incompatabilia istp , volume 10 , during a sermon to the deluded , huddled masses he wished to save from istpness and mediocrity -> my eyes have been opened and so has my heart and my jimmies . the based one revealed to me that i am fated to open a branch of the church of sniperpandaism right here . behold his glory , never forget ! my eyes have been opened by the based one #neverforget #neverforget / exec enigmatic shitpost maybe having a fair bit of amusing in-forum chaos planned at some point , not sure yet . / end enigmatic shitpost watch it , it is definitely worth it . also , if avatars still exist .. since i do not see them anymore ... i am so renaming myself as ' the rickle ' and changing my avatar to pickle rick . the latest episode of rick and morty was absolutely ... this somebody now brews beer for a living . doesn't help though when you have to go through a dui checkpoint on the way home from work and get held for a blood test because you smell like where you ... hmm been a while since one of my music posts .  glad the woman i was talking to the past few weeks was respectful about reconnecting with an old crush of hers instead of ghosting / completely ignoring me / leading me on . i can definitely respect her ... voted other , i am perfectly fine with my weird ass eyes . yes , they are weird to me anyways , so i provided examples . ... aaand back of the cliffs edge of a psychotic break . lets see , going off of looks only , and based off of my own preferences ... here are a few i would rate 10/10 . it is a bit of an atypical list imo , and i can always expand this list , these are just the ... what is the running current on the motor that is on the faceplate ? starting / locked rotor amperage will always be quite a bit higher , and i believe that you can get away with a different breaker ... yeah , was laid off from the place building fire trucks . if i get this maintenance job , it still is not a 100 % given . the interview that happened was my 3rd in total with them . i have to pass a ... laid off for the past 3 weeks , so looking for work again :/ interview today though for an electrical maintenance position so i hope it goes well . the necro gods are displeased . ^ ^ ^ if needed i will go abstract , if it isn't . then i won't . regarding systems and problem solving , if a system needs to be burned to the ground and rebuilt / replaced entirely i will do that . i refuse to ... physically , not old . just feeling it mentally / emotionally . gonna be 29 in september . yeah the standard lifestyle people my age tend to want just doesn't appeal to me , never really has . i think i am starting to feel old , i kinda feel like pulling off an old school , homestead style living nowadays . get a plot of land , perhaps a an acre or two , and a house that isn't too big nor too ... bit late to the party . current project is ... well , my part to play in it is done for now , just gotta play the waiting game until bottling time . 682442 well , the easy work is done . now all i have to do is be patient and let this baby ferment for a while , let the yeasties do their work . 682306 1st part of prepping for my strawberry-kiwi wine is done . everythings been chopped and frozen , with the idea behind it being the freezing bursts the cells apart , helping to get more juice out of it ... pulling away means letting go to me . if people want to play mind games , let them , but if they expect me to play along , i am build psychologically counter-meta , that shit wont fucking fly around me . today so far after working a 10hr overtime shift . 1 ) go to mcdonalds to get an iced coffee . a sorta-elderly couple push their way in fron of me as i was walking to the register . told them that i ... got a new 5 - gallon glass carboy and fermentation bucket . this homebrewer is back in business :D just gotta wait til wednesday for payday and i can pick up what i need for this strawberry-kiwi wine ... you need a big change to shake things up . despite not feeling like driving , maybe take that drive . do things you have never done before , put yourself out of your comfort zone to try and snap ... seems like it from my own experiences . can also be a sign you need to engage the se a bit more intensely . current playlist  been there done that . i have honestly tested as istp , intp , intj , istj , estp , entj , isfp and infp . istp is the only one that even makes remote sense to me . i am just one of those weird outliers in ... i am that nontypical istp . those who know me long enough might agree with me on that at the very least . nubb ginningpuma 4011 cursive murdock come to mind in that regard . i really do not do ... newer pics pretty much equal out to me looking worn out / haggered and white-trash to hell . blaming the new job on that one . maybe sometime soon i will post a new one . pro / con method usually , unless it starts triggering depression / anxiety , then the fuck it and see approach works . more auto work done . swapped out my front sway / stabilizer / roll bar . old one was 33mm , hollow and rotted out along with the bushings . can blame pennsyltucky winters for that . new bar is 34mm and ... love being able to afford good food again , especially the more expensive dishes at my local chinese shop . gotta love seared scallops , shrimp and lobster in garlic sauce . i can't legitimately get butthurt about it because i was the fool who started modding my car and killed my gas mileage . averaging 18-20 mpg at the moment . before mods it would consume a nice 26-28 mpg . i cannot function unless i get around 7 hours of sleep , so usually 8: 30 to 9:30 . i know that feeling due to going from a 2nd shift 3pm - 11pm job ( so waking up around 10am - noon ) , to a 7am - 3:30 pm job and waking up at 5am . know what helped me adjust ? just enough alcohol combined ... you , you get my type of humor . alas haven't had real success offline with the dry british-style deadpan snarkery i am prone to doing . can sum up my sense of humor as a cross between that , monty ... pretty much this . a rule i pretty much live by . say things without a regret to the world as long as it needed to be said , and if you were wrong , then acknowledge it . hurting some sods feels does not necessarily ... all types think they know everything about the other types in some convoluted way when they in essence know nothing . you are all a collecting of jon snows . you know nothing . thats it , i am permanently relegating myself to the bitter old man who hates everyone and everything crowd . done with relationships as a whole anymore . yet another bust because not funny / witty ... well , off to enjoy a wwe show in a few hours . looking forward to a new day vs gallows and anderson match in particular . sorta familiar with philly . mostly familiar with the northern end and center city , roxborough sounds familiar ... near germantown ? ginningpuma 4011 still snowing like fuck . already hit the 2ft mark . this was measured at 9am ... snow isn't supposed to stop til tonight yet . right now snowing at 2 to 4 inches / hour ... yeah this shall ... they get their energy from unicorn farts . '