' personally , i think it's a terrible idea . however , when i happened to pass out in a carpeted bathroom after getting smashed on my 18th birthday , it was heaven . true story . intp - i'm not some cold hearted , strange , analytical being . i have feelings , desires , and although i may have a rich inner world , i do not feel alienated from society , or antisocial . i cry at sad ... i have the soul of a 12 year old who still laughs at dick jokes . i find it harder to relate to enneagram types than i do the mbti . i'm such a mix of things that it eventually becomes tiresome to research , so i just give up . i wish there were more in-depth ... unintelligent intp here : ( well , average-ish intelligence . ) an unintelligent intp tends to wander around a lot , and forgets short-term things really easily . we also have several hiccups or ... when people ( outside of the mbti community ) think the test should be taken literally , as if there are only 16 specific types of people and that's it . then they gripe about how it put's them in a ... i'm from the us , and i say fuck no to socialism . redistributing wealth isn't actually going to help the economy . it sounds dandy in theory , but all it's doing is making the rich poorer and the ... i am a freelance graphic designer , part time . hell yes i charge for my work . ( around $ 50 an hour ) however , i typically don't charge for giving advice ... but if she's taking considerable time on a ... i agree with this . i would love it if personality tests were scenario-based , to really help people get a feel for how they truly think , act , and behave . this one was pretty predictable . your personality type is : intp moderate introversion : 16/21 moderate intuition : 19/26 clear thinking : 19/24 clear perceiving : 18/22 585426 5854 34 these are the simplest and most dead-on images about the intp / j difference . think hard about which one you relate to . ( the top one relates to ti and ni , hint hint . ) i would go ... my dad is an esfj , and we get along extremely well . he's the person i love most in this world . yes , our inner workings and mental processes are pretty different , but we are still able to find common ... : rolleyes : pro choice up until fetal viability . ( around 2nd trimester ) i must say , i am pretty clumsy . also , i am probably under more stress than the average person . you could definitely have a point there . : unsure : i honestly always try to drive like that , so i 100 % agree . as for the blind spots , i have trailer mirrors , since it's a giant ass truck . no blind spots , except on very rare occasions . :) however , my ... i don't think this post will get much response , but i'm just feeling really discouraged . i got into my third at-fault accident yesterday . it was a pretty bad fender bender , with two additional cars ... black rock city is pretty much a perfectly circular city , used only for the burning man festival . it's pretty neat . technically , it's not quite a complete circle , but it's the same basic ... all of these proof in the pudding puns strewn all over this thread make me proud to be an intp . intp still . what bugs me is that i can still tell which questions are related to each personality trait . i always think in my head i know this question is related to ... i want to say yes , but each type is so diverse in so many ways . any person of any appearance can be a certain type , even if they don't appear to be that type at first . however , it is mentally ... this one will change your life ... not in a positive way . : laughing : intp one 12 year old white cat . i picked her out of a rescue litter when i was younger . 523089 i think it's funny how everyone on this thread has so many animals . i'm personally not much of a ... go on a relaxing vacation if you can . i was getting very little sleep last semester , and then i went to the beach for 3-4 days with a couple of friends . i was able to sleep 8 + hours per night , and it ... i chose esfj because they are the most generous people-persons i know . my dad is one , and he's pretty awesome . however , the whole sweet thing is kinda vague . sweet as in generous ? sweet as in ... we have the ability to make hilariously stupid jokes yet also the ability to form intelligent ideas and discuss them . this thread has proved both above statements to be true . : tongue : any life sucks and i'm debating suicide threads . buuutt , those are most common in the infj forum . ... did i say that out loud ? * * also , any unnecessary rambling thread by some nihilistic ... my longest was 3 years . with my high school sweetheart from mid freshman year to mid senior year . stayed in that one waaayyy too long . i did the typical intp thing and drug it out even though ... after shit happened , they went ehhh ... that's a tough one . i'd have to say my best friend , but even then i'd probably feel tired of being constantly around her several days later . sometimes , you just gotta clean the pots and pans as you go . as soon as you're done , pour some soap in it and scrub that motherfucker really quick , then towel dry it and put it back . if i don't ... happens to me all the time . i still don't know how to completely overcome it . adderall , maybe ? haven't tried it yet , but i hear it's great for focusing . for now ... caffeine pills and all-nighters ... yep . especially when i was younger , and even now . i can't remember to feed the animals on time , and i'm terrible at doing my own laundry . my room is rather untidy , and sometimes i'll forget to change ... i don't know you well enough , but you seem to represent your type . bohemianx pretty much nailed it when it comes to social aspects . i would also like to include the way that the two process thoughts . with intj being lead by ni , their inner word can be more scattered ... i just turned 20 and i feel the opposite . i look old for my age , and apparently act older than i am , according to most people i've interacted with . so , now i feel as if my physical age has caught up ... if both parties are willing to compromise and understand each other . an opposite relationship can be unbreakable , under the right circumstances . even if it doesn't work out , both people will walk ... only if they are close to me . i typically don't stick up for random people . i should've added in there looking more attractive than i usually am : laughing : ^ you seem to fit your type quite well . istj i think this game would be a lot more interesting if we didn't know their type beforehand . seeing their type before reading their descriptions gives me ... i dont flirt . if anything , i try to act extra funny , down-to-earth , and intelligent all at the same time . those are the qualities men claim to be attracted to , no ? it does happen to me quite a bit . since i never surround myself with drama or become a catalyst for said drama , people think i'm a good candidate for their secrets . i don't even think it's ... i definitely agree , that's why when i drink , i take shots of vodka . mixing it with liquid flavor enhancers such as mio helps quite a bit . if i'm going to drink , i'm not going to drag out the nasty ... i'm mashed potatoes . warm mashed potatoes . : happy : i'd probably still be stressed if i worked in technology . i'd feel the pressure to come up with an impeccable solution in the quickest amount of time possible . i typically don't get negative ... i place a heavy emphasis on what people think of me , and will end up working myself past the breaking point of stress just to produce work that i deem good enough to show in front of class . ( i'm ... not likely , but still quite possible . funny enough , i am a christian too . was born and raised that way . however , i am not much of a church-goer , and the spiritual aspect is still uncomfortable for ... i prefer quiet areas , but sometimes i can't help it if the lounge is crowded . if it's crowded , i'll probably be sitting somewhere on my laptop with headphones in . ( then again , my school only has one ... forgive my lack of clarity , i was referring to intp females who dye their hair blonde or platinum . ^ i second this explanation . '