' holy shit , evolution is real ! ! ! i'm an earth dragon and a xiàzhì ( horse / fire in the four pillars ) . i don't know if we're supposed to fight to the death or be business partners . ( img )  the above is eric tsang . i can't place the movie ... watching badminton during the 2008 olympics gave me a new respect for the game . ridiculously tough . youtube - beijing olympics 2008 men doubles finals badminton game 1 ( 3/3 ) i love pull-ups for some reason . generally i enjoy the majority of gym-based exercises , but bench presses , rowing , and pull-ups are among my favorites . which reminds me i ought to get back into doing ... getting darwin'd ( i learned this term at oxfjord so you know it's legit ) by russian military dolphins . pew pew pew ! i can't find the clip on youtube in english , but i have it on my computer . the clip ... i just saw this posted elsewhere and found it relevant . edit : oh wow , getting a lot of these now : and the gold medalist : i can vouch for the fact that counter trolling often creates a dividing by zero effect , unless done really well in which a new rift in space-time is created , typically populated by unicorns and ... gif post , animal edition :  ... trees tend to be very fire-retardant , if not fire-proof . it's when they hang out in oxygen-rich environments that things get heated . :P like : 1 . innuendo ( in-your-endo ! ) 2 . running gag ( good running gags show the skill and effort of the comedian , so these are always special ) 3 . verbal irony ( i literally love these ) 4 . satire ... * reappears in a clumsy puff of smoke * d'oh ! i figured i had a 50/50 chance . i guess i missed that one sentence that referenced her intj sister , therein making this the other one . sorry . > _ < ... * tips hat * good day , ms . nova . might i ask how this is different from the last time you asked this question ? ( i have the memory of an elephant ! :D i'll remove the link for privacy if you wish . ) ... not sure what level of bio you'll be teaching ( high school - or college-level ? or something else ? ) , but i think jdmn made some good points . adding to what he said : - be very patient with your ... i was born jewish but try to play that down , mainly because x93my best friend is blackx 94 and that makes me seem cooler . but when ix92m in a pinch i play the poor jew angle , which is how i got my first gig ... arizona has a lot of major defense contractors / companies in that area , but unless you're already a high-level expert ( say , with guided weapon systems experience or stealth technology experience ) ... gasaraki op / ed - message # 9 youtube - gasaraki op . , en . strawberry panic - shoujo meiro de tsukamaete by aki misato youtube - strawberry panic ! first op this is important . if this is how you feel , and you like her enough not to hurt her or otherwise make the friendship awkward , then it will most likely be best that you not confront her about your ... wikpedia has a list of historical influences ( link ) on the constitution , including everything from the magna carta to the influence of polybius ' treatise . there was also influence from the english ... i believe you are thinking of the federalist papers . generally they are attributed to alexander hamilton , but i believe that james madison and john jay also had some input into them . edit for ... me : intj primary : dragunov svd sniper rifle * secondary : beretta m9 9mm pistol melee : bamboo staff katana kit : primacord reason for primary : reasonably long range , but also light and ... two random things about the finnish language i noted today : all that makes me want to learn finnish , frankly . :D i just need to be able to pronounce the words forwards and backwards and ... would a razor blade ( standard office type ) help chip the paint off the glass ? either that , which would be cheap , or a more specialized putty knife or something would work if you have one of those ... not sure if these all count , but they get better as they go :  ... way to go you stuck up , half-witted , scruffy-looking nerf herder . i wanted to know if there are any other people that suffer from ifas or itx 92s more common cousin in the united states : ibas . this is something i take very seriously , one might even say it's super ... actually dude , that's what i thought back when i was like but microwaves are so much faster ! - aside from cooking meats , toaster ovens cook really fast . especially those that have four heating ... i agree that it's a great invention . a good combination of things that actually does all of those things right . :D i got a toaster oven about a year ago and in retrospect , while i think my health ... yes , i actually had it worded that way to begin with , then edited it right after i posted as i realized that there was a ... small way it could be misconstrued as politically incorrect so i left it ... forgive me if it's already been considered , but it seems to me that pc has everything needed to build a small , but incredibly information-dense wiki on mbti and enneagram . there are : - loyal ... the question is how much older is your mother than you ? although this wasn't inspired by it being some sort of pseudo - / hallmark-holiday here , i am curious as to how much older your mother is ... congrats ms . sprinkles . this is long overdue . welcome to the robot club ! ... i just thought i'd point out that this is about the chase freedom card , as in j . p . morgan chase . it's offered through chase bank . edit : it occurs to me that the article doesn't quite match up ... i dunno man . i had a similar concern when i first saw it , but i think they're just trying to bridge some of the views from the personality test resources forum among others , since a lot of people ... i will never betray those i am loyal to . i will never become a slave to materialism , wealth , or power . i will never engage a sicilian in a battle of wits without first becoming immune to rare ... yeah , sorry i wasn't sure how to phrase that , but wanted to recognize your generosity in some way . i can have it reworded if you like . and thank you everyone . also , congratulations to promethea ... congratulations on your ascension to robot-hood , ms . shannonline ! thank you , rrob , wiona , wulfdot , qol , ben , man in the box , shannonline , and ms . singularity . be excellent to each other . party on dudes . ... from what her new account says , she got her old account back .  she / someone took the original videos down , however ... her stalker-jitsu is just that good . :D like rick astley , i'm never gonna give you up . thanks everyone . and that was very sweet , ms . natalie . i rofl'd many times . ... s thank you for the most generous introduction , ventolin . but on this most auspicious of nights , permit me then , in lieu of the more commonplace soubriquet to suggest the character of this ... i'm hoping this is a joke ... but i will reply with some facts just in case . the entire purpose of skin is to act as a shield and water-resistant barrier in order to keep water in . i'm not really ... huh . it's kind of like tucker max lite edition . only without the hookers , blow , and shenanigans . interesting read . it seems my castle of choice is already occupied , so i'll have to go with my second existing residence of choice : kölner dom / cologne cathedral in germany : ... i dunno if you've already figured out what you want to do , but as someone else said you might check ebay , especially the chinese merchants ( link ) who will make anything for you . not sure how much a ... as whyjennwhy said , there may not be an answer to what is the public perception of you . i do think that a facade is necessary at times , but it should only be a barrier between one's extroverted ... yes , i'd say that's an apt summary . in my opinion that's how a lot of trends - even on the small scale - are started . for instance , if one guy starts using a particular word a lot to create some new ... hm , i had been thinking about making a post about fb in general , but since rrob brought it up already , i'll just add something for those who are looking to delete their account : -> don't ... that's not the kind of privacy that is being violated . it is the continual expansion of the terms of service so that they can sell additional information ( such as your location via ip address in ... i think the whole point of being trendy or some variety of conformist is that you set aside one insecurity for the security of someplace you do feel you fit in . in this case one might take the ... '