' i think that it's a little bit of both . while adhd can definitely occur outside of types that use ne , and plenty of ne users don't qualify for a clinical diagnosis of adhd , i still think that there's ... it is a very positive and upbeat song ;D result : tritype 458/548 /8 45 . huh . never thought of that one . f male . i have no problem identifying with the male gender - it's what i am biologically , after all . i look like a male , dress like a male , and sound like a male . i've never felt any desire to behave ... to actually have free time on friday nights instead of having to stay up until 1 am doing homework all the time . in 1.5 to 2 years i'll ( hopefully ) have earned my degree . i might do a master's as well . i have to decide pretty soon . the main issue is finances . major : computer science emphasis : animation ... yes ! for as long as i can remember , i've been building a fantasy universe inside of my head . the best part about it is that it's extremely large , so theoretically i can always keep expanding it . ... my first post in this thread was written when i was a naive college freshman who had no clue how to study . i ended up retaking the intro course and thankfully i haven't had to retake any programming ... hang in there . although i don't know you , i understand , at least to an extent , how you feel . i lost my grandpa ( father's side ) in 2015 . i too believe that he is in heaven , where his pain from ... i got my core type right from the beginning . i've considered other types , certainly , but i've always concluded 4w5 sx / sp at the end of the day . it simply hits too close to home : the emotionality , the ... nope . it wouldn't be a particularly good combination with my asthma . songs : 1 . on the wing - owl city 2 . ghost love score - nightwish 3 . lucky - jason mraz ft . colbie callait 4 . master passion greed - nightwish 5 . your star - evanescence this list changes ... i'm against euthanasia . having struggled with suicidal ideation in the past , i can now say that i am very glad that i decided to live , even though i still struggle with a lot of things . if you've ... 10/12 . i missed the one on boiling water . i knew that the altitude affected it , but i thought it raised the boiling point , not lowered it . and the one with the magnifying glass . i knew that it bent ... 25/50 when i took this earlier today . so yeah , right along the border , just a little bit above average . mac suits me just fine for most of the things that i do , and i really like the layout and aesthetics of it , so i voted for apple . :) and while there are certainly viruses out there that affect mac ... i don't know why it hurts so much when people delete you as a friend on social networks and forums , here or otherwise . or when they reject you and block you for no reason , like someone i know irl on ... my ideal lady , hmm . i like these sort of threads a little too much . giant text wall incoming . physical : - pale skin , and i mean so pale that she can't tan . not albino though . :p i have no idea ... i'm very much the same way . i've always dreamed of falling in love with a beautiful girl and having this amazing , almost-perfect romance . and maybe i will , but as of right now ... um , i'm not even ... i put 8 . things hurt me way too much . that being said , i hardly ever show my emotions , so i suppose those who know me irl might rate it as a bit lower . degree : bs in computer science : animation emphasis . mbti : infp i'm still working on the degree though . took me almost three years to get accepted into the program . but i absolutely love it . ... now hush little baby , don't you cry everything's gonna be alright ... i sure hope it will be . i like eminem so pretty <3 i think that aliens exist . probably not in our solar system , but the universe is so vast for me to think that we're alone . it would be amazing to meet one , or see what one of their civilizations ... adorn i just watched finding dory a few days ago . :P it was great ! 5 out of 5 stars . i would've liked to see the sharks from the first movie again , though . ah , that makes sense ! and i didn't know that gyms had different levels with different amounts of pokemon ; that's cool . i live close to a hospital myself , so i will probably try that gym first ... ah , very nice ! thanks for the strategy tips as well . it's good to hear that it's not too hard to take over gyms ; i guess i was worried that the pokemon there would have super high cp or something ... dear work , why did you schedule me for a midnight to 6 am shift yet again , every single monday before class ? i have requested multiple times to stay away from those shifts at all cost , because i ... ooh , gym points ? i'll have to look into that ! is that a way to avoid paying actual money , then ? and yeah , i'll probably delete some of those revives . i've been hoarding them up since i haven't taken ... yeah i play . i'm on team instinct ; my highest pokemon right now is a scyther with cp 630 . however , i have yet to challenge any gyms . i'm at a loss now though because my bag is full and so is my ... when i was in elementary school , i wanted to do three things : be a writer , design theme park rides , and be a scientist ( specifically , marine biology or paleontology because sharks , stingrays , and ... today , my dad gave me this article to read about how soulmates don't exist . it hurt a lot . this isn't the only time someone has tried to change my mind . i have made it very clear that this is a ... wasn't sure where to post this , so i figure the random thoughts thread works fine . :D i just took the pottermore sorting hat test . well , i did a few days ago . i was convinced for many years of my ... these threads are always fun . :) infp don't fit : - i'm actually extremely hygienic . case in point : i freak out if i don't floss before bed . :D i even flossed this one time when i was doing ... if someone figures out how to make days last 48 hours instead of 24 , i will personally make you seventeen batches of imaginary cookies . i never have time for fun anymore - _ - this was beautifully written , especially this paragraph here , and especially the part i bolded . i don't have much to say other than that was a really good introspective ... self-expression ? ... banned because that pun was awesome and i'm jealous even though it was the person above you who initially made said pun . c : cosmicjoke aww , thank you ! : 3 you are awesome and one of the best friends i've ever had ~ <3 right now i'm supposed to be registering for my classes for next semester at college . registration started about 15 minutes ago . but of course , just my luck , i'm clicking on classes to register , ... lavender aura here . i definitely believe in soulmates . this is also what i consider them to be . i'll find mine , and when i find her , i'll know . i'm sick of the real world . there's too much hurt here . i want to live in my dream world forever . i want it to become real . i want to fly away . i don't care too much about fashion , but i've always cared about my appearance . i want to look attractive ( to females :P otherwise nah not important ) . and the way i dress is an artistic ... southern california , usa . not saying which city though : ninja : it's working for me now . there were other threads ? xd this happened to me . i also can't view anyone else's profile . edit : okay , i can see other people's profile's now this post will probably not get thanked . ^ _ ^ depressed people don't need to suck it up . they need to be loved and cared for . people need to actually exhibit sympathy . mental illness is just ... despite all my unhappiness and negativity , deep down i have this feeling that everything is going to be all right in the end , and that somehow all my dreams will come true . every single one of them ... not really . be a creep like me and stalk the member pictures thread . most people here are freaking sexy - at least the ones that post pictures anyway . :D '