' more 80 ' s funk :  the nasa cassini spacecraft in orbit around saturn took a picture of the earth , from 870 million miles away ( 1.4 billion kilometers away ) , about a week and a half ago . you can see those pics from ... my favorite would probably be the tiger .    552754 yep . yeah , i certainly am . especially the pacific and indian oceans . and in the realm of astronomy , i love ocean planets . hi guys . hope you've all been having a good weekend . i just wanted to share with you a picture i found of the march 9th solar eclipse as it was displayed on the earth's surface . i absolutely love ... same here , though it was from 1991 to 1997 . damn , : cool : love the beat and rhythmic groove from this 80s japan funk song . oh shit . : wink : damn , you fuckin ' nailed this . : cool : i experienced the same quake in downtown washington d . c . it was august 23 , 2011 . magnitude 5.9 . strongest quake i've experienced . though the epicenter was some 90 miles ssw of d . c . , it was felt ... my first and , thus far , only transpacific flight was on a qantas a380 going from lax to sydney . great experience . left l . a . on a thursday night at 10:30 and arrived in sydney on saturday morning at ... hey guys . i just wanted to mention this new website i came across that shows actual , near-real time full disk images of the earth . the website is here : dscovr :: epic :: earth polychromatic camera . it ... today was a great day . i spent much of the day at the arecibo telescope and also spent some time at the beaches of hatillo . way to go , vinnie ! : smile : i'm a month and a half younger than cinnamon 83 . now that is a jackpot quote . couldn't have said it any better . : smile : i think that those are all good points . at the same time , while i agree with you that a person did not choose to be born and live at a certain time period and place and can live their life on a ... you have no idea ... : smile : ^ ^ damn , you look great . probably my favorite type of music is 80 ' s funk / soul , due to the beat / tune / background music of the songs . here are three examples : and ... white river yeah i think austin is istp , or maybe estp , but leaning towards istp . back then , during the attitude era i used to hate him because , as an undertaker fan , he would be the wwf champion ... haha i know i'm bringin ' in another undertaker clip from ' 98 , but in this one he has an awesome voice during the interview . well , in my case , distant and faraway locations like australia , new zealand and tahiti and circumnavigating the earth twice in the process . or ernest shackleton when he went all the way to ... you know , i was just thinking a couple days ago that the name could be changed to the explorers . this is perhaps his best-ever speech / monologue / promo . i found a better quality one , but the wwf blocked it on youtube due to some copyright bullshit ... 361970 more 80 ' s funk . 80 ' s funk from 1982 . it sounds like i went through virtually exactly what you are going through , except , after taking a career management class in my first semester of junior year , where i took a mbti test for the very ... now some classic 80 ' s rap ...   and hahaha , so you think haynesworth , lynch , alonso and gordon are total idiots ? : wink : gina carano ( mma fighter , now an actress , i think ) - istp mark calaway ( known as the undertaker , wwf wrestler ) - istp glenn jacobs - ( known as kane , the undertaker's younger brother , wwf ... here's another one : 80 ' s dance / funk / soul . ... and it's not even noon . : cool : benstein , i'd choose the sunset . 282882 just discovered this guy yesterday , some 25-30 years late , hehe ...  and i used to love listening to the above song on a cassette tape that my cousins brought from india ... damn , that's a good question . if i had to make a choice , i guess it would be stranded on a tropical island in the south pacific , like an atoll in the tuamotu archipelago of french polynesia or ... thanks murdock , appreciate it . :) 31 orbits around the sun , as of today . i think jennifer garner and olivia wilde are enfjs , but garner may also be an enfp . at least she's a solid enf . emberfly , i should have never majored in business or attended the university's business school at all , simply because i as a person , with my personality / attributes / traits / etc . , did not ... damn , haha ! i was just doing exactly that when i came across your thread , nonnaci ! '