' i feel like i'm a lot of 2 and a little bit of 3/4 . ( yes i know 3 and 4 are meant to be ' opposites ' ) tropical is taurus , vedic is aries , and i act like so much more of an aries . i have to be reminded to act like a lady a lot . mostly from my mother . i use manners and i'm polite but i honestly don't care if i'm being too loud or if i'm not sitting properly . i'd prefer to ... no . i always get neutral good or true neutral . i'm doing pretty ok . i procrastinate a lot ( i'm literally in english class right now , i'm supposed to be editing my paper ) , but i do pull through with mostly a's and one or two b's here and there . i ... i'm in high school right now ( like , literally right now . i am typing this in the middle of biology . ) and i get pretty good grades ( straight a's last term , except for one b in geometry ) i have no ... i'm an enfp . sun is taurus , moon is virgo , and rising is cancer i think it depends on the guy a lot of the time , really . like , i'll either be super flirty and girly , or i'll try and act arrogant and mysterious , or i'll just play along with the guy and make jokes ... ok , so i love this show as well , but i mostly focus on mabel . i know a lot of the replies on here type her as an enfp ( which i completely agree with ) but i see a lot typing her as an esfp because she ... yeah , no it's definitely estjs . entjs i can deal with for a little while , but estjs make me wanna throw myself down several flights of stairs . i don't find myself being attracted to esfps ever , at least romantically . when an enfp and esfp are together , it's sort of like a big explosion of energy . so , it'll be fun at first but it will die ... i'm a little odd in the fact that i love being in like big groups of people for hours on end , but when i'm with a small group of people , i run out of things to say and i'm ready to take off pretty ... thanks whoever replied ! i think it helped just to type it out and actually articulate it yeah , while i was writing this , i was trying to remind myself not to get too stereotype-y with the whole entp stuff , because everybody is capable of emotions , etc . thanks ! hey , so for the longest time , i've tested as an enfp , and it's been super accurate . but , as of late , i've been noticing i'm a lot less feel-y . nothing happened that would've made me less feel-y , but ... gender : female hair color : brown with a bunch of different colors depending on the lighting hair style : it's like halfway down my back , so i usually just brush it and leave it down , and then i'll ... preach it . i am perfectly chill with fe itself , but fe users make me want to ... like strangle a penguin or something . especially my enfj and infj friends . my enfj friend is always like trying to help people , ... ugh , yeah for sure . a lot of times people will say stuff about how they're feeling and i care about it but i'm not like stop the conversation , i need to help you right now ! i'll just keep up the ... preach it , op . my mother is the exact same way . she always has this smug look whenever she says anything to me . i'm gonna go ahead and agree and say entp . for a while back i was like ' oh , nah son . he's an enfp ' ( i'm an enfp , so i just tend to automatically assume my favorite people are also enfps ) but then i ... i have a friend who is an infj . honestly , she acts like she knows better than everyone , thinks she's always right , and then gets bitter and irritated when she's proven wrong . she also tends to tell ... usually just my family because they all pester me and i'm just like ... ' waterbugs . ' 1 . verbal / physical 2 . enfp 3 . yeah , in movies ( ignore my signature it needs to be edited ) you know what delicious and flavorful food i love ? bran muffins . i think i misunderstood how i was sposed to post . oh god , ignore everything i do im sorry . 7w6 - 9w1 - 4w5 so / sp . ( i'm pretty sure i'd be so / sp , but not sure on that ... ) also , could ya'll just ignore my signature on this post ? thanks . euuuggghhh ... i really dislike him . always have . from what i've heard he's rude , inconsiderate , and just a big baby-and not in a good way . also , his music annoys me . he just seems like a ( pardon ... everybody should have like ... a ' spirit animal ' ( literally ) to follow them around all day . mine would be a dolphin . a tiny one i keep in a fish bowl . his name would be enrique . death to all pants . well , first i would get somebody else to clean up the poo , then i would febreeze the crap out of the room . next , i would start planning my revenge . then i would get my revenge by leaving 5 bags of ... me too ! my mother always chides me for it . yep . i like kicking walls and throwing stuff at my bookcase when i'm angry , because i think the loud sound satisfies me . i also cry really ugly-like until i have a headache , or listen to sad music until ... rock dat boat , gurll ! also , funny story , we've been writing fictional narratives in english , and my story was sort of like this whole situation . hm . violet , lavender , abstract tan well , i have the attention span of a squirrel when i read long posts that don't seem very interesting to me . but if i was going to read , say , a long post about the origins of the unicorn , i'd ... aw , thanks ! god , everyone here just drinks like ten gallons of awesome a day ! ^ _ ^ 53910 13 . why ? thank you very much ! :) uh . cure cancer ? maybe become successful in business , and become a millionaire , then have the biggest party ever . 7w8 , 4w5 , 9w1 . i don't know what the butt this ' stacking ' shananigans though , soo . hello ! question ! i edited this post btw , so the title isn't accurate anymore . anyhow , what's enneagram stacking ? can someone explain ? ooh . my area of expertise . well ... if you're a little bit on the shy side , just drop him a text , and say ' hey , i like you , will you go out with me ? ' because , it takes a little while for us to notice ... that is beautiful . :') well . the resort would probably have to be themed , otherwise we'd get bored . at least i would . it would sprawling across beautiful beaches and rolling green hills . there would be at least 4 ... i take it back . i was thinking about my friend , i made her do that test at school on wednesday . whoops . i just retook it , and my brain was just like ... oh , whoops , go to the shame corner . this is ... '