i provoked you on purpose . ushitpipensophisticated and image oriented . based on your language you seem to value se . have a look at entj or estp . thank you . entps are useless clowns . why would i contradict myself ? entjs are pathetic . sacha baron-cohen and his character borat is one . tries to be sexual and have good se . never become like sacha baron-cohen . you can never trust what is behind that mask . entps ... it is one-sided correction and supervisee does not get supervisor's reactions and supervisor does not grasp supervisor's stance fully . have you worked with your supervisor ? i think supervisee won't see it necessarily same way . i have worked with eii . she was complaining a lot about my psychological distance between people and ... we have come to the conclusion that as humans we need sleep . it is a sad truth but true . what you are going to do about it . it is serious condition no to . however i could sleep during a class or at ... i'm like 7 living in a 5 world . what i'm trying to say : information super highway > highway irl . yes . i get more brainfood through the internet . if i'm between 5 and 7 then it makes me 6 ? ... ile entp . how i relate others and all that . i'm not sure how mbti professionals see me . i'm pretty close to ili in terms of strong ni ( i do notice how it runs background but not valued ) compared ... total lack of willpower . i can do things for others , though . : f : , se <- is pain in my butt . i find that my dcnh subtype makes me kind of delta . still i find that lots of alphas are just lounging around doing whatever they like . not that whole lot of group socialness . i'm e5 and i don't ... take a rifle and a chainsaw and head over the psychiatrist . ask prescription for gasoline and ammo . psychologically damaged fine type . you know how much fi doms like to build walls between them and world . evidence : those f * cking entps . always thinking that they know everything . + anything that comes with fi overload . esfj , isfj and intp are the coolest . no . i think new youtube sensation jordan peterson is blatant lie . don't get fooled by his lii like looks . just by listening to him sounds like he has very similar strengths as i do . i think how ... i think ti + is thinking through logical models and connections whereas ti - thinking is categorical those guys have sometimes trouble at following chain of logical information by interrupting ... spent some thinking things through : da style is to solve paradoxes cd style is to generate paradoxes da floats above solutions it just grabs functionality . cd generates chains that might end ... i care about external kind of feeling . i don't really care about internal feelings . you can treat me like shit and i don't really care . i first thought this was sign of being feeler but is ... my depression was about looking happy , having extremely unhealthy diet and not brushing my teeth . i lost one tooth ( and 4 wisdom teeth ) and collected 6 cavities ( 3 of them in wisdom teeth luckily ) . ... quantum mechanics : it's essentially very work intense field of study . pretty much lots and lots of math . book : ... can't figure out where people's eyes are and how they are handling their body . however i'm good deciphering people's cognition but not feelings . we are interested how everything works ( not in concrete fashion though but one utilize it from time to time ) intp are interested in building their idealistic mechanisms to the world . yes , when people tell me that i can not drive . result : more clumsiness . isfj if their socionics type is sei are the coolest people on earth . we always laugh together like maniacs . yeah , also in my hard drive . well , entps have zero control over their facial expressions unless they want put on an act . duh ... intp from what i gather it is usually hiding around ones anal area . other possibility is that various collections of citrus fruits is hiding in your anal area that blocks your humor usage . i suggest to ... the trick is not to place yourself on imaginary axis where i is not 0 . some ntjs can be downright infuriating . i was in the lab : ummm ... this thing has label dunkenmotoren . ha ha it is like drunkenmotoren . intj : it is dunkenmotoren . me inside my head : what is wrong ... i think i find deism the best way to approach the world . i mean : what is god ? i have no clue . probably not an anthropomorphized dude with transsexual issues . there are people who can find intjs attractive ? let me recheck my calculations ... yep : p ( attractive intj )= 1 * 10 ^ ( - 99 ) basically fe is largely unconscious . it is not intp bad , though . i don't know anything other than safe environment . you can easily overdo it by forgetting fi completely (= ouch , socially quite bad ... sex is defined as putting your genitals inside another's body . lesbian can not have sex together , as they only have rubbing phase . i don't have energy for it . needs no more words . that's it i'm a complete dick ! he and i . it is like twin souls . extremely prickly , disconnected and genius . and it is usually said that all the porn is pretty much the same . : wrecking_ball_viza _ funniest thing was that it was seen as racist and it possibly hurt feelings . : tongue : watched women's boot camp youtube . it looked pretty damn funny . sergeants looked very unreal . i was in unit where captain was a woman . she actually had some balls compared to those females and ... got it , private cannon fodder assistant ! actually fmj boot camp is not that far from the truth expect it does not describe inevitable ultimate boredom moments . it is freezing outside : soldiers , ... did my time ( it is the same for every penis owner over here . unless you want to go to jail or do double time something else ) . did the minimum . if some one asked to actually defend my country i'd say : ... basically : 4 temperaments and their role variants . in mbti and socionics entp and entp is usually the same . however in keirsey i'd say that there are potentially good amount of entjs , estjs and ... physics is pretty weird . i'm much more tuned in chemistry mind set : properties -> outcome kind of view . it is not that hard . you need to ask yourself : am i a mathematician or a scientist ? if you ... low dosage speedos ? in order to truly flourish as an entp i didn ’ t see enough weird impractical purely theoretical ideas . that is bad and you are disgrace to your type . you should flog yourself every morning and ... i actually have some sort of fear approaching people and there is also detachment . funny thing for me is that i tend to become overbearingly caring person in closer contact . fe and si takes over and ... really ? i always got complaints because : 1 . obvious -> no need to explain 2 . kind of important -> little note there [ being fermat imposter ] . this makes istjs and intjs crazy ... : tongue : 3 . oh crap ... ha . entjs and money . my understanding of money : when i have enough i don't need it more . in fact spending seems to be quite an exhausting job itself . i also do things for no profit without thinking ... there are more or less extreme manifestations . like my si which is totally out of control . very bad ability to become one with surroundings and constantly being a space cadet walking into a posts and ... makes me laugh when i hear people quitting school because of teasing . it is because you put so much value on your own feelings . it can not be that hard to make them disappear . according to my ...