' you know that children's story about the and and the cricket ? well , we entps are the cricket . given the opportunity , we'll usually pick to have fun now , think of and deal with the consequences and ... magneto and professor x are both infjs , i'll fight you on this . : angry : my fav , cable is an istj i think . i just read the last issue of spurrier's legacy , awesome book . legion is an entp ... i recently realized that a good friend of mine is an entp ( unless it's enfp , but probably not ) . we're both kinda attracted to each other , and it's sort of an unspoken understanding between us that , ... where the hell is the god among colors - bright pink ? whoop , i'm convinced . there were a few places where i felt like you misinterpreted entps to make the type seem more incompatible with how dirk is , but overall , i'm pretty sold . i wish i could ... why is everyone so sure daryl is an istp ? doesn't isfp fit much better ? the man oozes fi , and in accordance with his fi values he gets practical shit done using his se and te . andrea is enfj ... i noticed this too and it can be annoying , but i also agree with what said . for myself , i'm always aware that , say , in threads asking opinions on entp subforum , what people are asking ... as far as fe development goes ... in my experience it's like moving from some mindset of really dumb social darwinism to realizing the worth of the people around you and the value of kindness toward ... it's a double edged sword for me . sometimes it's great motivation , it makes me willing to do certain things more modest people would think was beyond their abilities , or get really pumped about ... yeah , we are among the types that tend to get the coolest fictional characters , only , if the character's smart , intjs will instantly claim them as an intj ; if they're fun , people will brand them enfp ... c'mon , ideas is a generous word , that guy's suggestions were brain farts at best . really , this thread is kinda ridiculously megalomaniacal by its very subject ; if there's a huge unsolved problem in ... yeah , that's exactly what's starting to bore me . i get that this show is supposed to be obviously tropy and formulatic about these things on purpose , but it's really getting out of control . it became ... actually , daylight saving time is a solution to a problem . we started moving clocks primarily to save energy , because more of people's awake time concedes with daylight that way , and on a global ... we really like winning arguments too . if there's a difference , it's more along the lines that entjs like to win by proving what they're saying is how things really are , we like winning by proving ... c'mon , asking me this is like asking a parent if they have a favorite kid , even if they do they don't want to admit it even to themselves . but ok , i'll say it's my little sister ( isfp ) , because ... newt from pacific rim is like a character made of the crudest entp stereotypes possible , inside and out . he looks like a nerd , but a messy , clumsy , and also sort of cool and quirky nerd . and he ... oldie but a goodie : growing old . : crazy : death too i guess , but the process is even worse . like tom waits said , we're decomposing as we go , and isn't that the most fucking depressing thing in this ... yeah , came here to say this . can't say i'm good at cooking , but everything i cook ( or make , cook might be a bit of a stretch here ... ) tastes good , and that's good enough for me . don't really know any esfps up close , but i can say i love isfps . it's kinda strange , most of isfps i'm close with are the people who came into my life by chance , and we got too attached to each ... intjs . it seems i'm the only entp who hates their guts , but we don't see eye to eye on anything . plus , they tend to have a huge , unwarranted superiority complex , and such certainty that they're right ... this is a really good way of putting it i think , it's like that for me too . generally , i feel like there's a difference between spending time by yourself , and spending time with yourself . spending ... yeah , definitely . i keep a mirror next to my pc screen and i look at it periodically for some reason and , uh , feel great whenever i see myself ... it's a weird thing i guess , a part of it is just my ... a lot of nts seem to have mixed up intelligence and analytical-ness ( ironically enough ) . basically , the difference between nts and other types isn't in intelligence ( meaning ability ) , it's in focus ... i know as many istps stuck in a ti / ni loop as not , in my experience the dom / tert loop is most common in istps for some reason , not sure what's that about ... a lot of istps stuck in this loop , and ... she's not an istp , that's 100 % sure . she's either an isfp or some nf , i can't tell more because i barely saw like a few quotes from her , i'm not really a fan . - religiously watching : adventure time ( my favorite ) the walking dead ( my second favorite ) bob's burgers parks and recreation nikita lost girl elementary sleepy hollow girl code oh man , richard is definitely an intp . look at this , friggin hilarious : ( start at 9:54 if it doesn't start there on its own ) ... i lie a lot , i can't really take the moral high-ground on this one . all my lies are small ( ish ) lies of convenience , though . basically just giving myself excuses for things i was / am too lazy or ... i play games a lot , but i don't play a lot of games . honestly , games for the sake of , like , the standard mechanics of gameplay don't interest me at all , the simple ones are too repetitive and boring , ... i dunno man , normally i'd complain that we're being unfairly slandered , but it's currently 5am , my alarm is going off in 2 hours , and i'm rewatching farscape episode after episode and eating a party ... i do this a lot too , analyse what my appearance conveys to others and play around with it to manipulate reactions . my mostly ixtp friends don't have enough fe to gauge how different people will ... one of the really good tells for me is that entps are masters of analogies , while enfps are masters of metaphors . from what i've seen , people are always impressed with this in both types , and for ... lucky for my intp friends , i'm an entp , i'm pretty sure most other types would be constantly pissed off by the heights of your social irresponsibility . getting together with intps is really ... richard ayoade ( and every character he ever played ) , equal measure smart , hilarious , quirky and socially awkward . i just started watching garth marenghi ’ s darkplace , it's ... something that ... do other entps iron their clothes ? i suppose the ones working in very formal settings would have to , at least for work , but other than when necessary ? i barely ever iron anything ( only if it's ... professor x and magneto are both clear-cut infjs , c'mon ... that's a lot of words and feeling analysis for an istp . you seem to be an introverted fe user and you don't sound like an infj , so see how isfj fits you ? actually , i'm not sure on the fe thing , it ... i think severide has to be a se dom , he's just so rash and in the moment , never considering the consequences before acting . i'd guess esfp , i think he has fi + te over ti + fe . otis is an entp , chief ... i think it's about developing all four of your functions rather than over-relying on just ne + ti : learning to embrace your fe rather than devaluing it and denying it , and learning to utilize you si ... i like them ... from afar . it's pretty tasking to have a relationship with them , i feel like i'm walking on egg shells all the time trying not to hurt them . it's not just that they're ridiculously ... i love this show frank - entp lip - entp fiona - infp debbie - ? ? ? ian - isfj carl - estp veronica - estj ? kevin - isfp it's been a few seasons since 2010 , anyone interested in resurrecting this thread ? i just started marathoning this show , i'm on season 3 , but i'm really interested in what their types are . secure and dismissive ones , i can't relate to the other 2 at all . on day to day basis i'm mostly the secure one , but when things go south in relationships i've been known to sometimes sort of jump ... is there a debate team or something similar in your school / community that you could join ? anything involving debating , politics , computer science or math should have quite a few nts ; arts , book clubs ... well , our culture is obsessed with youth anyway , so i think most people feel like that to a degree , but i think us entps ( along with maybe estps ) are probably the most likely type to be hit by this , ... christ , this is exactly what my every relationship with an istp is / was like . once upon a time , i thought they were some kind of extremely secretive people , but i've since learned they're just ... i don't know ... he was most often typed as an enfp i think , but i'd guess he's a fe + ti ( or ti + fe ) perceiver , i don't see any fi in him . i'm not sure if he's uses se or ne , although that leads me to ... i think there's probably like a three digit number of threads on this subforum with that exact same title , we're terrible . fucking hopeless . : frustrating : a week is not that long , it's probably ... i'm very quick to indulge in and show what i consider to be irrelevant emotions . but it's a take it or leave it situation for me - i could constrain my emotions ( both within myself and in displaying ... i'm a ne dom and i think he's right , and i'd probably say those in his place too . if you ask me , he's not basing it on meaningless occurences , he's basing it on having noticed many pretty ... '