' if anyone cares , they got together . it's a happy ending ! i think you've got it exactly right yippy . we put things in boxes but we're happy to let them out again ! a lot of us infps love typing people and the whole theory in general , but it seems to contradict our very nature . i hate categorising things and putting them in boxes , and i believe this is true of ... hey there , i'm writing this on behalf of my female entj friend . there's a male entp she knows who lives far away and she can't figure out whether he likes her or not . here are the facts about the ... what is anything ? ! i like watching emotional things that make me cry . i guess i do that fairly regularly . crying is a pleasure for me because it's a reflection of the emotional high that i'm feeling ! it seems that ... my best friend is an estp . he's awesome . there's more to estps than you might think ! you just have to take the time to get to know them . * puts some ice in the mango juice and drinks it * seeing a manta ray , gracefully gliding through shallow water , and then walking down the peer alongside it . * leaves a glass of ginger beer * all i can say is this : find a way to get paid for doing what you love and you won't work a day in your life . ; ) i agree with this ! i don't think you have to believe in anything supernatural to have a spiritual experience . being at one with maths and science is just as valid as being at one with something ... insanityaware , you have highlighted a reason for why making a deep connection with an intp might be difficult . it seems unlikely that an intp will ever think an infp's religious or spiritual beliefs ... i've had an intp friend for several years , and i tried to connect with him on an emotional level several times . it's very difficult ! i don't think it's impossible though . the thing is , he would very ... keep this attitude and i'm sure you'll do great ! don't let anyone dampen your enthusiasm . the more of a strange non-human character i can be , the better ! i'm wondering , do infps often get involved in game development ? if so , what's your role in a development team ? and do you enjoy it ? i'm a self-employed games developer who does everything solo ... thanks for the advice . i never even considered that she might dislike public displays of affection ! okay , it sounds like it would probably be wise to not attempt to move things too quickly . i'll ... i've met someone who i really like , and honestly i'm not sure of her type , but i'm guessing they're an estj . they have these traits : - sociable . - extremely organised ( to levels that i basically ... hmm , this has made me think ... i have pretty much no f friends , so when we're all chatting in a room together , it gets very logical ! i get most annoyed when logic gets placed as a priority above ... i'm not a contrarian when i'm feeling calm . it's just when someone's upset me or said something that goes against my morals , i'll get in an argumentative mood which is hard to stop . i get the feeling that it's an infp stereotype to be agreeable and non-argumentative , but i find myself to be quite the opposite . i'm often compelled to say the exact opposite of what someone ... once you've got a conversation going ... be very passionate about something and tell her about it ( as an infp i'm sure you're passionate about at least a few things ) , but don't waffle on too ... te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 5 % ) ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 25 % ) ne ( extroverted intuition ) (8 0 % ) ni ( introverted intuition ) ( 70 % ) se ( extroverted sensing ) ( 10 % ) si ( introverted sensing ) ( 35 % ) ... hmmm , i can tell you that as an infp i am very emotionally concerned about my friends all of the time , and i take great pleasure in helping them with their personal problems . just because someone is ... if you read my 2nd post you'll see that i was basing my decision off of functions and not personality descriptions . ne is great for coming up with plans very quickly ! i think an ni plan would take ... what's this based off ? do you really think isfps are drawing more / are better at drawing than infps or other types ? i don't think so . wow , it sounds like you have a very good idea of how ... for the purposes of this thread , i'm talking about art in regards to drawing / painting etc . not music or other art forms . i've heard people say that only some types can be good artists . personally , ... armin : fi - he's more focused on his own need to be accepted by others , rather the needs of other people . ne - he frequently comes up with crazy , creative plans out of nowhere . te - he actually ... eren jaeger - infj armin arlert - infp mikasa ackerman - istj i'm quite confident that armin is an infp . i'm not 100 % sure about the others though ! it sounds like things between you are becoming a bit stagnant , and that's probably because of not seeing each other enough . my advice would be to get that holiday planned asap , and go ! bring lots ... i don't know about relationships with estps , but my best friend is an estp and we get on amazingly well , and have done for over 10 years . what i do: self-employed computer games developer how i got to this point : did a degree in computer games design , started a company , kept at it despite suffering years of extreme poverty ! ... that was actually a really refreshing and enlightening statement . thanks for that ! most of my close friends are ntjs , except for my best friend , who's an estp ! adhd ! ! : d yes , once , a long time ago . she asked in a really shy manner , which i thought was incredibly cute . i said yes ! after about 2-3 weeks , i realised we had nothing in common and i broke up with her . > ... god , i love routine and making lists ! i'll be 38 in 10 years , and by that time i hope to be running a super successful business , be happily married , possibly have children , and have done a huge amount of traveling ! oh , and i want to be ... i had a very minor dose of fresh shrooms with a group of friends a long time ago ( i had half the dose of my friends as i was being cautious ) . i completely freaked out , lost all sense of reality , i ... i feel that no matter how much i get crushed by the real world , i'll always come back from a dark cynical phase . yeah , i also give myself a hardened exterior because i find it impossible to get by ... oh my god , this is exactly right ! my mind is blown . i thought i was strange for having to pretend to be more masculine than i naturally am . i don't feel so strange now , thanks ! i've felt like this before ! i don't know how to help really , i think you're going through a difficult patch and you just need to hang in there . that's good that you keep exploring new places and ... i run a business making computer games , and i love it ! i get to be flexible , and have the joy of spreading my creativity . also , i have very little human interaction ! so you're a graphic designer ? ... i'm an aries ! i don't believe in astrology , but i'm interested to see if there's a correlation . i went on a date with a very nice girl and we explored a cathedral : ) i'd probably just play with my boobs for a few hours whilst saying boobs over and over again . hmm ... i thought infps were on average really great at charming the ladies ! i personally find it very easy : ) ( sorry , that's not meant to sound big headed ) i have a male infp friend who is ... i don't think i've met an entp in real life , but i have one question : are you all mad , eccentric , gadget-adorned inventors ? i like to make a little model out of fimo for girls on valentines day : ) spiders spiders spiders i'm actually quite a bug fanatic . i love insects , and will even do something as ridiculous as letting a huge cockroach crawl on my face : ) but as for spiders ... the ... i look females directly in the eyes , but not males . i wonder what this means ? '