' lmaoo , i didnt know we had a patented bitch slap , but i am glad to hear it 1 . ) what do you do ? i'm a digital marketing manager 2 . ) how long have you been doing it ? and a little over a year fearful avoidant or dismissive avoidant ? below a 3.0 is the point at which it becomes damn near impossible to get any decent work after graduation . assuming no interruptions , i can do 4000 words in 15hrs at the level you're talking . the ... lol , this is sort of a weird question because the only thing that makes me an enfp is the arrangement of my cognitive functions . being an enfp is less about who i am , and more about how i perceive ... structure only becomes a problem for me when it's accompanied by monotony , and gross authority . ah , okay , this is what i thought you meant . i suffer from a dissociative disorder , and so most often i enter a dissociative state involuntarily , but it is something i can do at will provided the ... can you explain your definitions of real self and actual self a little more , this all sounds interesting , but i'm not totally sure i grasp all you're trying to say . lol , i love this , but i think that's a bit before my time . are you building something , bud ? it's one of my greater strengths of course , but as soon as i get bored it's on to the next person ... yeah , i've been called an asshole . makes perfect sense . and i so identify with being able to see those we know in someone ... jmurph did you ever give that guy a second chance , or figure out if you interpreted the vibes correctly ? during my last period of introspection i realized something about myself , and i'm not sure how best to put it in words but i'll try . my thinking is this : people vibe at different frequencies , right ? ... i'm currently in marketing , and i make apps and stuff on the side , and i'm a project management for a few short term ventures . i want to be a serial entrepreneur , a career of just building businesses ... freebear what kind of setup do you have that you managed to get those sweet macro shots ? sure , i mean how is this any less arbitrary than dating someone because you enjoy the same music , or happen to be at the same bar ? sounds like my four years in high school , lol ... i identify with this bit a lot . i have this irresistible desire to antagonize people i don't respect . i'm an enneagram 2 , btw .  ... i never understood this position . no one's holding a gun to your head , you're not obligated to do anything . and no one's telling you how to celebrate valentine's . the day is what you make of it , do ... lol , while it may be comforting to believe that this is uniquely an enfp thing , i gotta tell you this is actually a pretty common occurrence , so common in fact there's a name for it , ghosting . i'm a bit confused , if there isn't anything wrong with you talking , why'd he bring it up ? i mean are you cutting people off , or making them uncomfortable ? have other people complained ? because the ... i agree , that's not the part of i have trouble with .. this is what i have trouble with : see , i believe you can fill an action or quality with affection , but i do not believe that anything is ... i know with me and online dating , i can become disinterested if all we do is text . i hate communicating online , i need face to face conversation . and if after a few days we haven't agreed to meet , ... if you're attributing all the positive qualities of a relationship to affection , what's there to discuss ? “ some girl asked if i sold drugs . so i asked her if she sold slaves . ” it reads like you're saying that relationships based on , and full of affection are invulnerable to the obstacles and challenges so often responsible for the end of friendships and romances.you say ... misa - deathnote eren - attack on titan hideyoshi - tokyo ghoul armstrong - fullmetal alchemist aang - avatar last airbender happy , gildarts , lucy - fairy tail shanks , gold roger - one ... i'm convinced . i know he's an introvert , and i see fi & ne . i have to say infp i don't need music to dance you based these typings off of what , may i ask ? skip to 1:30 ( it's a long instrumental ) i feel like everyone else is constantly running system checks , and diagnostics in the back of their mind . where as i have to run those processes manually . figuring out that i'm tired , or hungry , or ... ugh > _ > this is gonna be stuck in my head forever , lol i actually have a ton of brothers and sisters , the eldest has me by 10 years , the one i was born after has me by 6 . and so it's interesting to read this , because i grew up drawing from their ... well , you can't claim a religion when you don't follow it's beliefs , you know what i mean ? that's like calling myself a vegetarian while continuing to consume meat . it's not even a misnomer , it's a ... dc , specifically vertigo . really mature , really meaningful storytelling it's not a name i've heard used a lot , but i know chin sometimes means weed . so maybe chuck my chins isn't an idiom , maybe they're saying i'm so normal i'd throw all my pot away ooo , i wish i had that sort of consistency in my life . i never know what my week's gonna look like until tuesday . from how to tell an extrovert from an introvert in the digital age ? i degree with your definition of prejudice . i just laughed out loud . i'm done here , lmaoo this thread should've been closed on page 1 . and this idea you have , that you're speaking some sort of objective truth , is bullshit . just so you know . is it against forum rules to tell you to go fuck yourself ? their societies are dysfunctional ... mainly because of pervasive corruption corruption perpetuated by european powers . the fact that you didn't state that perpetuates the idea that black and ... for perpetuating the idea that black and brown cultures are violent . that is racist . i do not call you a racist to insult you or out of malice . i call you a racist so that you can assess your ... amandalee flummoxed rantnrave i don't have much patience for racist , but i'll try and speak with the respect you refuse to give black and brown people . there has never been a greater enemy of ... i can literally dance to anything , and to that extent , i don't ever mind what the dj is playing . but when the goal isn't to dance , when the goal is to feel something , powerful vocals and meaningful ... '