' there are other things in the same vain as social sciences , such as ; advertising , which often ties to base concepts of psychology , along the lines of pinpointing what makes people tick . and ... i don't mind it that much , it improved my gpa somehow , or at least year one of two did ... who needs consent when you have ruffies ? yes , a few times actually . the way i look at it is , a sort of flattery , even if they're being insulting or slanderous towards you ... i see the obsession as a way of showing that you , the person ... i'd like to die in a horrible fireworks accident , then people would always be able to say , he went out with a bang , or , he went out in flames , which would be neat . i've had that issue before , and i believe it comes down to people just being used to me being distant , or working , and feel a little dejected when i can't talk . i still feel that way nonetheless , but ... sky diving . nothing says living like plummeting towards the ground . start awkwardly specific conversations with strangers at cafes and such . punch the beach near the gulf of mexico , and yell , take ... hello person ! welcome to the forum . my closest friend was originally somebody i was running a social experiment on without her knowing , and one day i just realized that i felt bad about it , and actually started caring . thus ending the ... what are your after-college goals ? after i get my degree ... i'm still debating weather i should find a job , or move onto graduate school , which would be more of the same stress . if i got a job i'd ... samuel-his name is god , hebrew . i'm not jewish . lee-field , english . i live in a city , and am not field like , or something . bryant-son of brian , irish ... thats not my dads name , but it is the mail ... lemony snicket entp ? additional info : - presently , i have no scholarships that would be affected by having a full schedule . - i'm pretty sure i can keep my gpa over 3.0 . i've kept a 4.0 through high school , while ... i work as a private tutor for 6 kids , and that comes out to about 3 hours of work a day on average ( that includes lesson plans ) in addition to that i'll be changing states , and going to a ... i'm a year away from college , and i plan on getting a double major , and full time job . is that reasonable ? in the sense that i won't go crazy from the constant work . britain , just because . or japan , because of its culture . - pointless yelling . - the word , obnoxious , - being interrupted . - people being rude to religious people , and atheists , because of crazed zealots , and loud lackwits . - being ignored for no reason . skimming through , the myth of laziness before doing a close reading . how are you today ? overworked . what are you thinking of right now ? i'm wondering why i stopped interneting years ago . people on this site are pretty nice . how do you feel right now and why ? ... 5 ' s are just as unheard of in my school , but i still got a one in both european history , and us history , a 4 in biology , and a 3 in computer sciences '