' you know you want to try it . i do . i'd watched the ted talk before , but did again for good measure . he mentioned in a slide that scientific knowledge is tested by observation , not derived from it . useful distinction to make ( that in ... the cannot assumes a 1:1 conversion between the two systems works . sometimes a conversion method is accurate , but not all the time - which means that it is not actually accurate across the board ... he certainly wasn't a garden variety version of whatever type he might've been . looking for all the factors to consider , to narrow down what his type might've been , has proven interesting . thus ... first off , there is currently no consistent way to convert between mbti and socionics . i've tried to find such a method ( and posted an attempt in the musings thread a little while ago ) , but ... for an istp , the ' i love you ' talk would've been close to stating some universal constant . we don't say it all the time simply because , to us , there hasn't been anything ( within our field of ... latest addition to people who i think are / were an istp . initially thought he would've been an nt , but the more i considered various factors the more that istp ... when an istp says that they're sick and tired of the bullshit , this is basically what we're talking about . clear manifestation ? you ( and a few others ) think i'm an intp . : tongue : you might be right of course , but i examined back into my teenager days , pre-teen years , and a whole host of other factors ...  a note on socionics / mbti : i did more conceptual testing of a conversion method , received some feedback , and come to the same conclusion that most people have been saying for years : there's currently ... raise your hand if this has ever happened to you . my group of friends has that esfj , the intj , and even a guy who represents lois . at one point ... to me it seems a bit related to the way some people feel a relationship needs to be constantly maintained , and for other people years can go by without talking and they can pick up right where they ... the istp likely just finished constructing the great wall of china , a pyramid , or another similarly scaled structure in their mind - which is why it takes so long to get those few words out of them ... when you realize exactly what brand and type of ammo you've been stockpiling all those years , as well as the appropriate ' tool ' to deliver it to a target . when ... it really sounds like you're describing esfp rather than esfj . if you're uncertain of your type , i'd try the test at this website : personality types | 16personalities it should get you ... batman - intj superman - esfj somehow , it just seems to work out . haha , yes . at roughly 20k words it is a rather long read . especially since there's a fair amount of piecing stuff together , rather than being a flat , simplistic read ( well , it looks rather ... it strikes me that mbti focuses on the core components of personality types . the solid , static , unchanging foundation . socionics seems to mainly focus on the forefront of the psyche , the portion ... a possibility , yes . according to my mom's ' who is related to who ' reconnaissance , we're actually distantly related to the bride somewhere up at the great-grandparent level , so i can just be that ... enlisted stephen's help for another edit for three reasons . 1 . i deleted an entire section in the first edit i asked him to include for me , because i'm super skilled like that . 2 . it gave me ... had to get stephen to edit my article ( link in sig ) again for three main reasons : as for the mbti / socionics conversion method mentioned in point two : technically , there's also a ... found this in the related videos . japanese quietly being badass , as usual . i'll probably listen to that one more than once . has a lot of ... got to some related video's off of the ones jb posted and came across this video from 07 . followed by this video from 2012 . ...  the last punchline to a thread i just posted here : i recently helped out at a wedding and decided to give the new couple a small gift . the groom told me that i didn't have to do that , as i'd already done enough . not to worry , i didn't break the ... interesting . i'm still working on learning about the the main behaviors / thinking styles that stem out of the foundational components that typology has identified / described thus far . have to wander ... the very long reasoning that led me to eventually think he's an entp ( rather than the popular view of him being an intp ) can be viewed in the link for those who care to examine it , but i'm open to ... i did say virtually everything miracle of sound puts out . here's his latest : i am their knight . may want to keep that thought in your head ... albert einstein was actually a highly developed entp ! more good news , everyone ! michio kaku , the co-founder of string field theory , is also an entp ! ... upon further reflection about the two typology theories , i believe had this backwards . function 3 ( role function ) is the same preference as the tertiary and function 4 ( vulnerable function ) is ... for those that read the post when i first made it , i have since done some revisions ( particularly to the type by type development path ) , fine tuning , and polishing . the admin stephen kindly edited ... from here : figuring out what these two are should help determine type . what sets a person off . whether that be anger , ... close infp friend worked in a pharmacy for quite awhile before health issues caused some personal problems that her employer was less than understanding about . might find some infps as the ... a good article to caution against the tendency to categorize behaviors as ' a person did / is doing this because they're type x . ' definitely an easy trap to fall into early on in mbti knowledge . the ... infj is also ni dominant . they just have a different variant of awesome sleeping inside . i can't currently help too much in regards to ' why ' someone is ni focused . aka , why is someone born ( or ... this thread got properly necro'd , but whatever . when pissed off , the two types behave a bit like the other type . especially early in life when temper problems are easiest to notice / hardest to ... are they open to new possibilities , even if they may be skeptical ? yes / no i read through a significant portion of the thread awhile back and found it very helpful - both for understanding and putting a real story to the infj type and also because i learned a few things ... generally , a developed istp male will look something akin to this . there are some istps that won't quite resemble it depending on personal progress , but there's ... if you could see what i see , and i could see what you see , we could discuss things and logic it all out like proper mechanics , haha . for now , how about my view on typology and mbti ? i wrote a ... i'm commander shepard , and this is my favorite song on the citadel . reaches of space - nt asari grace - nf battle worn batarians - sj it's true what they say . after experiencing success my mind's immediate reaction seems to be that was awesome ... can i do it again ? what might i be interested in troubleshooting next ? this ... before i begin , i would like to take a moment to introduce one of the greatest musicians of our age : miracle of sound , aka gavin dunne . even though he and i have never met or spoken , he's been a ... grew up having istj + isfj parents that are very religious . my dad still sometimes gets mail with ' rev ' in front since he was a pastor for a little while before kids were born . parents are the kind ... takes time and effort to put information together . gotta put food on the table and all that . i'm still not very good at the determining value / haggling side of life myself . it wasn't as hard to ... well , the below website was my first introduction to mbti . it doesn't even mention functions , and instead provides very broad ( yet rather accurate ) descriptions of each type without going to ... fe and fi aren't really next to each other in terms of strength . their combined strength represents the f preference . weaker than the combined t preference , but is has to keep up or things get too ... '