' i have a dishwasher , can we just pack them up and bring em to my place . easier that way : laughing : i was expecting to see an answer like this in the entp forums . you guys do not disappoint haha . never knowing what will happen tomorrow yeah living in my head has been an issue for me as well . i find being in nature , meditating , and exercising counteract the negative aspects of it pretty well though . you're the leader of your life , do things your way . who cares what others tell you to do . : rolleyes : oh , looks like i showed up late to the party here . great ! this means i can go home now . definitely emma stone , zooey deschanel , and johnny depp ! thank you for the kind words , i've tried seeing councillors , tried changing my diet , excersizing more , meditation . even when sticking with all of these things , it still comes back . i finally went for ... i'm a broken human being . i have lost every single friend i had . i have anxiety and panic attacks daily . i have suicidal thoughts weekly . i told myself i could wait until monday when i go see my ... i always got a way more outgoing vibe from jason , great guy , love his videos . but to me , he seems more extroverted . havn't actually met him in person though ... haha i'm a student , but last summer i worked as an assistant biologist hiking in the desert catching rattlesnakes . best . job . ever . what is madness but a filter ? to see through the fog and . cast one's own luminous shadow upon reality ; it shades the light and glows with darkness . madness is a mind-state , a way of ... don't worry about it too much man , just do you . even if that means being guarded until you know someone better , that's just your way of doing things and there is absolutely nothing wrong with that ! finished my musical collection . i'm happy with how it turned out . :) i feel bad because i turned down an opportunity to hang out with my girlfriend who only comes to my city every few weeks because i'm not really in a people mood today . i've had to interact and be ... i don't really see it that way but i'm sorry you do . thanks for your input . hey infjs , i'm curious how you all deal with a loss or death of someone you know . it's weird for me , i don't really feel anything until i see my family of friends upset . that's what gets me ... yeah i think we ( or me at least ) are prone to being like that . it's tough every once in a while , wishing someone could see through the fake smiles . but it's also kind of fun being an emotional ninja ... 22 years old , i'd be glad to help you out . penis , vagina , boobs , hormones i'm a beautiful infj lady , what poetry tho welcome , welcome ! hey man , i understand what you're going through as i've gone through similar episodes and existential crises . i know you commented on creating your own meaning already and how it didn't work , that's ... thank you so much ! man , i really wish there were more people in the world that listen to music the way you do . i've tried teaching people how to ' really ' listen to music before , it's tough to grasp ... the first couple seconds made me think of a really melancholy nirvanaish vibe , but after that you seemed to resolve the tension in an interesting way that really made me feel hopeful of something , ... my latest song . haven't had much of a response posting my music here before but what the hell . no harm in sharing ahaha hey cool thread , i play bass too . 1 . how do you think the characteristics of an infj matches up with that of a bassist ? an overall enjoyment of being behind the scenes seems to match up pretty ... thank you , sir . much appreciated :) hello lovely members of perc . i'm hoping some of you that write in a professional setting for work can help me out with a homework assignment for my second year professional writing class . ... i've already been through both of them :D fantastic artists btw ! hey all , pretty interesting times in the chatbox lately ! thought it would be a good idea to make a thread for the best quotes from in there . with context , or out of context ! whichever is funnier ! ... love is like a fart . if you have to force it , it's probably shit . i used to be really politically involved in protection for the environment . but i eventually lost hope in humanity's capabilities to care . i then decided to take matters into my own hands . i'm ... sorry , i got really excited and posted that without finishing it ! music is a huuuge part of my life to put it lightly , and like halcyon said , i could speak about it for hours if not days ! here are ... music ! ! ! some people from all types are fascinating . some people from all types are annoying . i can't say i've found infps to be more fascinating than annoying , but there are definitely a few i've known that ... we are all the coolest infjs in our own ways . that being said , every person's definition of what cool is would differ , therefore everyone on this forum should have a differing opinion as to who the ... be careful about run on sentences and comma splices , that is all . b . c . pride , most cops in my neck of the woods will give you a slap on the wrist and remind you that it's illegal . unless you carry large amounts , then it's a little different . most of the drug dealers i know do it to pay their way through college . is killing people like that really necessary ? the most serious dealer i've ever met did it to feed his family . the media ... it's actually a quote from johnny depp , and is more centered towards life . so you are correct in your assumption ! bravo ! * claps * :D i may not be an infp , but in terms of flirtatious behavior i would mostly likely have some sort of a sly smile on my face , avoid eye contact for a little while while glancing at you whenever i turn ... infp , intp , enfj from left to right ? i'll post a quote : just keep moving forward and don't give a shit about what anybody thinks . do what you have to do , for you . sleepyfox i'm crying ! ahahah i will listen to anything except country as long as it has a good vibe . but if given the choice , i will stray towards instrumental progressive metal or downtempo and / or atmospheric electronic music ... goats . for example : nice ! you could always express your creativity on the side ! take up music of some type of art form possibly ? i mean , you have the stable aspect of your life pretty set up , now just let your crazy side ... '