' i love this . i agree , it's not so much about being a perfect friend but just accepting them for who they are . i think that everyone offers something unique too . i just feel like because i am never ... hey , so i am actively trying to help myself become a better friend to the few people who are in my life but i don't really know what traits are good to have . as an infj , i tend to be a pretty ... this is awesome advice ! ! ! although i can't make my negative feelings go away , it always help to not feed the sadness / depression / anxiety by over thinking . when i over think i feed the beast that ... - listening to music / playing guitar - running - internet surfing / blog reading - walking my dogs - yoga - drinking coffee while having a good conversation with friends i get intimidated by the longer threads ( 4 pages + ) . i don't want to say something that has already been said and i don't want to miss something important . that and i don't have an infinite amount ... haha now it's ridiculous to even think a protein is simple enough to be used in every cell as a generic code for life . i love the biology analogy and i agree that sometimes being a minority is a good ... i am pro-life . clearly i am part of the minority right now :p these are also for the type 3 me as well as the younger infj learn to let people into your life and see who you are , the good and bad parts . don't pretend you are perfect around other people ... soothebelle , i do the exact same thing . i have had people tell me i come across as stuck-up or judgmental when they first meet me because i am so shy though . i could see that as being intimidating . i hope this isn't a new update :/ ditto . usually volunteering involves a whole lot of extroversion which is quite painful for me . that and if i am going to go out of my way to help , it will be to help someone i know personally . i ... i am an infj and i notoriously procrastinate . i don't know if this is normal for infj's but the reason i do ( i only know this after doing a considerable amount of soul searching ) is because i am ... is there anyway you can find a different niche in the type of job you're doing ? instead of doing a quantitative job , maybe try to go to a different department where you will get more personal ... a lot of it has to do with money . the more students that flock to a program ( a lot of times because it is easier ) the more funding the program gets . another thing i've noticed though is that ... zenity , your perspective has been wonderful ! thank you for all of your incite and information . i am going to read up on cognitive functions more and hopefully learn something that can make me more ... thanks for all of the feedback ! here are my results for the cognitive processes . it says i am an intj but the questions were really hard to answer without some sort of bias . i was having a hard ... for the longest time i've thought i was an infj . when i first took the mtbi test and read what an infj was i immediately ate it up and felt that it was truly me . now that i've been on this forum for ... i wouldn't let someone's type dissuade you from going into a relationship . i think some relationships take more work but anything worth having takes work . one of my best friends is an istj and ... if i remember the rantings of my physics professor correctly , a lot of calculus was made to define the principles in physics . essentially , a physicist molded the math to fit around his ideas . they ... my guilty pleasures : running-it's almost unfair how euphoric i get after a run . i feel bad for the people who need to do drugs to get high . lattes - i am allergic to milk but i don't care :] ... i appreciate a lot of different types of music but the bands that affect me the most are : 1 . say anything 2 . the postal service 3 . jack johnson 4 . damien rice 5 . underoath 6 . coldplay 7 ... i'm attracted to passionate nerdy people . when i say passionate i mean that they have something to live for rather than superficial things . i like extroverted people but i wouldn't say i am more ... i remember getting one of those when i was younger . the castle really was the bomb ! ! ! i think push-up bras are fine . i'm a 34a so there's really no hope for me but i'm not going to think it's wrong or dishonest for someone else to wear them . it makes me slightly sad though that we ... good advice , it's crazy how much you learn when you force yourself to swim if your wife doesn't like beowulf , try gilgamesh and hrothgar :] thank you , that made my day . :] your eyes are so pretty ! ! ! 27888 my christmas card picture :] i guess i'm one of those weird type 3 ' s . being an infj and a type 3 makes for some awkward introspective battles between me wanting to be useful and acknowledged and me wanting to be introverted and ... alice 144 , i've taught myself some math and science stuff before i started taking the classes . i've also taught myself how to play guitar and drums . i have a friend who is currently getting his ... trust me , i am not especially happy with our education system but it's standardized for a reason . their goal is to teach you the basic skills needed to either go to college ( in order to learn more ... it must be tough being so awesome :] i absolutely agree ! i love witty humor and it's refreshing to have someone who doesn't take themselves or me ( because i'm really dry ) too seriously all of the time . if all you do is pick fun at ... the title of this thread is the story of my life . to be fair though , i do have pretty low self confidence and i am really good at making other people feel better . please don't think i am bashing ... i recently started meditating and it has really helped me with my overwhelming emotions . a lot of times i didn't even realize what i was upset about to being with . i have really learned to control ... i hate how much i think and how ultimately thinking paralyzes me , my short temper ( i am doing things to try and work on this though ) , and i hate how awkward i am when talking to someone that i ... 25997 this is me with my nephew . he is much cuter than me :] the physics and engineering students at my school have to take a lot of the same classes . maybe you could do philosophy and computer programming and live for the math and physics requirements while ... the only reason why i continue to wake up in the morning is that i know there will be coffee . happy birthday :] although i am not blunt , i grew up with very blunt family members and it has helped me grow thick skin . now that i am older it takes an initial getting used to when people tell me outright how they ... i think this is so hard because we want to define ourselves by what we do . that and we ( i ) think too much . i get really sad thinking about having a job and hating it . treegost , i would have ... i'm actually going to look into it ! thank you for the advice . yeah i've been debating on and off about going into education . i love learning and teaching people things but usually this is on a one-on-one basis and not in front of a group of people . what you ... yeah i am currently a chemistry major but i've been a spanish , biology , biochemistry , math , education , and economics major before this . i'm starting to think that darkwarrior has a point about a job ... i'm just curious what other infj's are doing as a career and if you guys are satisfied . i am currently in college and have switched my major at least 6 times as a result of my indecisiveness . is ... speaking spanish in your sleep is pretty awesome ! i bet if you tried to learn to speak spanish it would come naturally very easy . my friends say it's weird that i brush my teeth 6 times a day ... i love running ! it's funny you listen to angry music , i have quite a bit of screamo / metal on my ipod for running . growing up i played tennis but i was way too competitive and i stopped playing ... meh , they're alright :p '