' i would , but the last time i participated in one of these types of threads i got a strike from a mod for a personal attack . seems to be quite oxymoronic ( moronic too ) in a thread for recreational ... pineapple express , superbad , the hangover , and the weather man are a few of my favorite comedies . i'd say the weather man , superbad , happiness , and weeds are good representations of my sense of ... everything is a joke . it's surreal to me how serious people tend to take themselves and life in general . this is like the last half of a teen romantic comedy . you sound very much like me . i'm quite indecisive about where i stand on the nt spectrum , and have gone from intj to intp to entp . i ... you are correct . still find myself to be in quite a grey area , but who knows . in my stray visit back to this forum , i'm quite impressed with where this thread has gone . the amount of butthurt is ... by authenticity i am referring to not half-assing things . it has nothing to do with individuality , as the term is often associated with . that's precisely what i mean . if i'm going to do it , ... i'm the type of person that believes in always doing things properly and to the most effective extent . i can't stand rinky-dink ways of doing things , and it truly bothers me when people half-ass ... apologies to nadjasix and to you for my false stats . i found my statistic a while back , and i have no idea where . i've been googling to no avail . just establishing a sense of non-evasiveness . from what i'm reading , this is confirming what i said . women are 2/3 more likely to be victims of violence , while women only comprise 23 % of homicidal victims . it doesn't speak of domestic ... but ... but ... i'm always arguing . this is false . most spousal abuse is from the husband , however most spousal murder is from the wife . i don't know why stereotypically men are associated with murder . bitches be crazy . i hate this shit . it just makes you sound meek . adding little smileys to the end of your sentence will have the same effect . i find out where they live and eat their pets . alternatively , i devise a master plan to turn their family into chili and unknowingly feed it to them . both sound about right . either way , your feeling didn't develop until you aged , indicating that it surely isn't your primary . as an addon , i'm almost positive that i am a socionics intp or entj--either way i relate to socionics ni very well . additionally , the the know-it-all windbag who has lots of information about many ... i enjoyed this statement . fi isn't particularly about sensitivity , though . many fi users tend to keep their emotions locked up . if you found that your feeling did not develop until your teens , it is most likely that your auxiliary function is feeling . look into enfp . ne is all about those creative juices . no . it is not possible for any magical mixes like that , however it is important to understand that every type consists of every cognitive function in different orders . certain personalities are ... interesting analysis . i'd say that i'm quite in between . i like having a wide variety of knowledge , however i also like digging deep into things and their details . i see details as being just as ... i actually made a post in the typing subforum earlier today . hopefully that goes somewhere ... never have i really felt confident in my type . the lack of responses is everyone's way of subtly telling you they don't want to look through your posts . fuck , tell me about this shit . just recently newegg had a sale on samsung 830 128gb ssds for $ 90 - - 30 % off . started at midnight . all-fucking-gone by the time i got to the sale at 12 noon . ended up ... i like hearing myself talk too ... here comes another of the same thread you've read weekly for the past 2 years of this forum's existence . at this point , i'm not sure what type i am . ti has always resonated with me in that i ... i finally feel like i've contributed something to this forum because i posted thatzak on the youtube thread a few days ago , indirectly causing it to end up here . pretty much the same here . i hated everyone in elementary school . i went to elementary school in quite a small town where everyone was stupid and said shit like that . most of them were incapable ... a favorite character of mine and something of an influential fictional person for me , jack donaghy , portrayed perfectly by alec baldwin . this is you . i don't understand why you would assume that someone wouldn't be a youtuber merely because they are an intp . i'd love to do a comedy thing on youtube like that . it'd pretty much play out just like ... thatzak is my favorite youtuber , who confirmed my suspicions of intpness in a recent video where he directly stated that he was one . i also love video game griefing / trolling videos . most recently ... now i'm imagining you doing one of these to 1984 . gervais is an entp . the office ( both regions ) is a very good intp show . i like things that aren't as much directly funny as they are presented in a way in which i have to make them funny . shows ... anger is irrational . i suppose anger is one of the few instances which i stray from rationality . it not so much bothers me when things don't go my way , but rather when things contrast my way so ... for me it is receiving a non-desired result . nothing else comes close in anger . that's generally the chain of action for forums . throw me into this cool-kid bin . lik dis if u cry evry time . me too--just about 2 years ago . started off with what was suspected was swine flu ( however there was no need for them to determine either way . all i know is that it was horrible . ) , and from there i ... goddamnit , i tell you , graduating is too mainstream ! it's about time some of us ballsed up and flunked out . i'm neither partial nor impartial to it . i'm not particularly design-oriented , however i am very much a theorist . good words to describe me : logician strategist engineer analyst i think if ... you can argue 360 vs ps3 all you want , but what it all comes down to is that pc is the superior platform . you receive a much better experience than on console if you put enough money into your build ... delete take nadjasix's advice on this one . she's seen shit . you can also go to her for stories about wild encounters with movie stars . let's get married . i love hearing the sentences that nfs produce . i think that is beautiful . come to think of it , at one point i had a l wallpaper that i made . i found a very similar font to the one used for l , and made one for the letter d ( first letter of my name ) in white on a black ... i like the song from that page . i don't think i'm capable of listening to my own voice to hear similarities , as it's been my voice so long that it's become a binary value at this point . i do , however , think i sound very much like ... what's your current wallpaper ? mine , self made . fagoco caps font with a character and quote from someecards . seem a bit too systematically boring to me . that is , searching around on a hard drive for shit and recovering it . regular forensics seems interesting to me , however , as it relies more on ... '