happiness plz :) this 54173 flickriver : most interesting photos tagged with samotnia my fav place ever just do it already :]  we went biking on our first date through the woods n villages the weather was perfect it was great , we chilled in a field of rye and he wanted to kiss me but i didnt let him , actually i was angry he ... im an infp female and my best friend is an enfp female , shes the bestest i dated an infp for a couple years we were great together there were billion things i loved about him but mostly his kind heart :) i think infps simply suck at it and they dont even bother to think about it i myslf wouldnt prolly have any savings if it wasnt for my estj bf who set a banking account for me and said ure sposed ... super lazy most happy when i have nothing to do when will u finish college and when are u gettin married haha thats an interesting topic ive been for 3 years now with my estj bf i have to say yeah he definitely likes being in control and i like it its the best sex i ever had it never gets old and no its ... love is where you find it , thats true i myself love travelling been in a lot of places met a lot of ppl from different countries and cultures i know many americans have a fixation on europe like ... yes u can if ure attracted to their personality u'll start to think they're more physically attractive than it seemed at the beginning but in a long run i dont think it has a chance of workin out ... yes its possible to remain friendly , if u mean a close relationship then that would be kind of weird , i dont think anyone as a new partner would be happy knowing ure bffs with your ex , thats kinda ... ok . so each of u has it every once a year . how do u feel about it ? i truly hate it . i liked it as a kid , all kids do , but then somewhere in my teen years bdays started to make me feel ... 40007what ' s on my mind vs . what i tell people i used to hate it i kept evertyign to myself and it was really hard for me to calm down after being yelled at but then i started dating my estj bf and the beginnigns were diffucult , like when he ... i tried once and i thought i was gonna die my heart was beating so fast that i was convinced it was gonna explode and i measured my blood pressure and it was crazy high ill never try it again it ... yeah id like to finish my ma thesis but im not really doin anything * sigh it makes me very sad as well the only peace i had seein a dead animal was when we put my boxer googie max to sleep , he was 12 and had cancer was very sick and we had to do this one final thing for ... 36819i can relate very well , can uhttp :/ / personalitycafe.com/images/styles/animatedarena/misc/pencil.png took 10 days off from work , spent it in the mountains , hikin all day everyday , my feet are sore but i recalled what ive forgotten , that theres so much beauty in the world thats mind ... every single day of my life im either one or the other depending on my mood , mostly the positive one , but sometimes when im down im very negative about everything and humanity in general , but then again i keep it to myself and ... like all the time i dont care , from time to time its ok the bad thing about it is when its the only thing that excites u and ur addicted and u cant get a hard on in bed coz the girl doesnt look like a porn star or ... he does have a couple hair spots on his back and we also laugh about it coz we love and accept each other , and dats how it works i never figured to tell him to shave or sth , dats the way he is and ... my bf is hairy and i like it , its masculine , id never want him to have a hairless chest , we laugh about it he says he has his sweater always on , keeps him warm in the winter , cools him down in the ... hello fellow infps sometimes im jealous of my bf's female friends and ex gf's i dont want to feel this way and i try my best not show it but sometimes its hard to make this feeling go away what ... hi ! as an infp in a long term relationship with an estj i can say that what u describe him do is the way he shows love . he will never show it the way u do coz hes a totally different person . if u ... i also regret it that there arent many estjs here coz i like learning about them but thats jsut the way they are ahaha so true but its only obvious they dont live on the interwebs like us infps , instead they enjoy talkin to ppl in reality , goin out and gettin things done they jsut dont have time for this for ... be all about money life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans . reality leaves a lot to the imagination . everything is clearer when you're in love . time you enjoy wasting , was not wasted . - ... i just bought an apartment , its the first place i own ever , im so happy :) this songs sounds better in polish but im postin in english so i dont have to translate :p more of my fav songs on page 4 , enjoy :) i love how infps love :) wel ill only have a beer or a drink sometimes so no i dont have that problem i developed a weird habit tho , im panickly afraid of wedding ceremonies , to the point where b4 goin to a wedding my hands ... i got used to livin with my parents , as a teenager i always dreamed about movin out , but now we dont fight that much , and its nice when someones around , we dont talk much or spend all the time ... 33871 * * * i like keepin my room clean and tidy and have things organized and ordered , but my life is far from it . i chose it coz i like the ' dream on ' songs by aerosmith , depeche mode and nazareth and i keep dreamin on my mom is and accountant , all about practical things and rules , keeps evertying runnin , and takes care of all the things that need to be done . she's the snow queen , can be really cold and distant ... greetings from poland :) hehe yeah too bad its so much shorter than this one ;) hey guys i just found this , i was 14 back in ' 99 listenin to it and dreamin bout meetin romantic love that , well now i have it , and i can finally say it actually feels as good as this song sounds , it ... finally ! i have what i was looking for , thank u geoffrey :) ok so for starters i love how infps genuinely care about others , and want to understand what they're feeling , put ppl at ease and want ... 