' if enough people want it , then it should happen . chances are though , you'll have a thread per language , which is contributed to once every couple of months . moderation shouldn't be much of a problem , ... nice guy syndrome is pretty much an inflated level of perceived entitlement and covertly contained arrogance . it's more about themselves than the other person . i can take care of somebody much ... by building blocks , do you still mean the acquisition of skill , or do you just mean resources ? like , time and money ? there is nothing stopping me physically from doing things , i just don't seem to ... i'm looking at you right now like trash , even though i'm thinking of slow-roasting you some pork loin , for a beautiful candle-light dinner with a string quartet in the corner . i don't get woman because i am too nice or even an infp . i don't get women because i am too darn ugly . :p roud : i think i have an idea by what you mean when you mention trying to throw things into the subconscious , and see if our brain can make sense of something through feeling . however , i've generally find ... i tend to be idealistic in my endeavors . i can normally think of some grand idea , or scheme , but short of having to out-source somebody who actually has the talent to pull it off , these miraculous ... do you think it is possible that might just not enjoy anything ? because i can safely say that the only thing i can say that i enjoy is the process of passivity . i love watching films and listening to ... i like ' belle ' for a girl . i haven't really found one for a boy . i guess i don't find boy names pretty and elegant . :p i got isfj . :) she wouldn't have to worry about having me take advantage , because i like to do things for other people rather than myself :) we'd probably just sit around , cuddling and whispering to ... so it is still in effective very result-oriented . it's just that the results are smaller ? i have tried to do this before , but i usually find that my goals are either stupifyingly too small or still ... thanks sir . appreciate it , but unfortuantely i cannot read more than a paragraph of journal-type articles before my brain just shuts off . =( anything a little more bitesized on ' techniques ' rather ... hi peeps ! does anyone have any advice on how to become more process-orientated ? there are few very few things i actually enjoy ' doing ' . i like to be able to look back and say ' look what i have ... would if i could , but i can't find it . and pi just sent me round in circles . : unsure : hello peeps ! i think i did a thread a little while back , but it seemed to be quite inconclusive ! i've done another questionnaire , at a time that i am in a better state of mind i was when i last tried ... why calculate the root of pi , when the root of pi does not accurately represent a route to pie . sooo ! where's this pie at ? 162289 haha . when i am writing , i tend to rely heavily on verbosity and purple prose to give off the impression that i am much more authoritative on a subject than i actually am . i tend to go with what ... interesting ! does this issue still remain when writing , or are you able to organize your thoughts more appropriately ? so how good are isfps at breaking down something , describing and summarizing points ? i have personally been trying to work on analyzing particular mediums . for example ; film reviewing , music , etc . i ... i probably fall more into the isfp category i have realised . i try to get into things like philosophy and such , but other than just reading other people's thoughts , i discovered that i don't really ... actually , i am not any good at film criticism . i watch a lot of films , but i don't really take an analytical eye to them . i generally know if i like something , but i don't really get ' why ' i like ... the problem with that is that the majority of anything related to the entertainment industry is not really anywhere close by . i live in the north-west of england . the only places were there is any ... i don't think i am being unduly hard on myself . in a professional capacity , my lack of musical knowledge or talent would be laughed out of the room . i have been trying to learn piano since i was 13 , ... too late i am afraid . i'm not that far off twenty-seven . i tried to play piano , but like all things , i couldn't commit to doing the same thing for an extended period of time . plus , i was terrible at ... that's it . there is very little i can actually do . hence i suggested that i didn't really have any specific skillsets i could rely on . i still feel like i am as bare as when i came out of the womb , ... are there any tips for picking a career pathway to follow ? i'm mid-twenties , but i have not really gained any skills in anything . i work a job i find pretty boring , surrounded by people who are far ... mm . it isn't that i haven't tried to do things that may be considered ' artisan ' . i have tried my hand at web design , a bit of drawing as an adult , and attempted to learn the piano . but i found that i ... hi everyone . i decided to fill in the form that was sticky'd ! :) i'm not sure how helpful it will be . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i usually type as infp or ... it is a difficult thing to put a particular point on . the only thing that i tend to enjoy whilst ' doing ' is very passive processes . watching films and listening to music mainly , although i do have ... i'm currently trying to work out which part of the spectrum i am on . i usually test isfp or infp . i was wondering if isfps have the issues of enjoying the finished product , but hate the process of ... mbti is already mainstream . it is very popular in learning and development programmes by corporations and public sector work . it depends how ' mainstream ' you mean to get . mainstream as in people will ... mods ! lotsa lotsa mods ! ! ! =) i am waiting till friday ! then i shall be playing f1 2013 ! yaaay ! i still don't know what the hell the types truly mean in their essence . = i'm always confused when people post things like he's got a lot of fi , ne etc ! i haven't done enough research . well i ... hi friend ! :) welcome ! yay ! such a hard one ! i would probably have to say this one though . =] honerable mentions shaolin soccer | my sassy girl | shawshank ... no offense to yourself of course ! i'm always open to new suggestions , but i have also kind of done this in the past . when i was taking language lessons in chinese , i tried to find / meet with native ... the problem is how do you control the fear , that it doesn't completely overcome you and you become nothing but a silent mess ? also ... again , where to go - where people actually talk to you and are ... classical music concerts aren't as stigmatized by that upper-middle class mentality anymore . they do still exist , but you do not need to get dressed up anymore . there is simply no need . if you want ... the post was really to ask for alternative places to meet people . since there are a distinct lack of clubs in my area and meetup.com in the uk appears to be the playground for the ... i have pm'd one or two people on here . although i can't seem to stay interested for very long . since i know that they are some 9000 miles away , i just don't invest the time . it is not like i am going ... i'm twenty-five . its not something i would like to get into . i don't want to keep acting like a ' victim ' . it just makes me come across as hopeless . unfortunately i am pretty useless at most things , ... i find writing is much easier for me than verbal discourse . i just cannot seem to translate my ability at conversing over the internet , into a real world situation . haha ! i'll take your word on ... where would be the best places to practice , do you know ? i am ' terrified ' of rejection . it literately makes me want to vomit when i am out in public . i don't know how to get past it ! my social skills ... the answer is simply no , there isn't . the colleges here barely care about their students , they do ' just ' enough to keep their ofsted marks up to scratch . a community college organising socials is ... i know i am not that outgoing . i don't really like being ' out ' much . i dunno how i can change that though , if that is my natural inclination . i don't enjoy being around lots of people . i just want ... the reason for meeting someone , is just because i feel lonely . i feel like i am drifting by - going through life by staying in my house and just coming on this forum night-after-night to complain ... my first console was the ps1 . we did have an amiga 1200 , which was a commodore pc inherently designed purely around gaming . i couldn't call it a console though . whilst all my friends had access ... '