' friends . a social life . more olivia o'brien songs . better physique . long hair . the chance to redo middle school and high school knowing what i know now . i'm an isfp and my favorite colors are light pink , lavender , turquoise , and silver i don't know how this stereotype came to exist , but it's worse than the loser one , in my opinion . i think it comes from the cliche of having two groups in a classroom : the talkers and the ... wtf no dramatic , i guess ? i will sometimes pretend to be mad or overreact when someone disagrees with me , messes something up , etc . because i find it funny and i'm trying to create a scene . some people ... mine are mostly stuff from real life awkwardly mixed with stuff from video games and movies . the people involved are either people i have been thinking about recently or movie characters . i also have ... no , i literally want the opposite . i wish that people would stop buying into others ' bs and see genuine , sincere people for what they are . k : enfp m & b : estp isfp , infp , intj well it seems like people want to be around me less when i start opening up to them , so i guess that answers that . with the exception of one istp . we get each other . i'm not sure about all introverts . i've met a lot of popular isfjs in particular . infjs usually have a lot of friends but are not very cool or whatever . i was a loser in high school , and my social ... i am the exact same way ; i've never had many friends . my two closest friends ( i had a total of like 4 ) growing up were guys , but neither one of them was very traditionally masculine ( one was gay , ... to your first question : well actually yes , but i remember being sort of awkward around guys for most of my life , so i'm not sure if it's related at all . to your second question : it seems like a ... the isfp one is spot-on . one of my biggest goals in life is to have an indoor pool , hot tub , or just a really big bath tub . at first , the estp one confused me . then i thought back to the estps i ... did it ? did it really ? or is it possible that benjimac doesn't live on this site , and spends time on things other than internet arguments ? also , debating is a waste of your time but throwing petty ... i'm not sure if this is an isfp thing , an introvert thing , a fi thing , or what , but i want to see if it happens to anyone else or if i am just a weirdo . i don't like being around the opposite sex ... am always instantly drawn to them for some reason , then we slowly drift apart as we realize we irritate each other . given your posts on this thread , you are not in the best position to be calling anyone pompous . go ahead and tell me if you think i am mistyped . i have typed myself as infp , enfp , isfj , and intp in the past , so finding out i'm wrong again won't bother me . isfp does feel like a good fit , but i ... oh cool thx i see comments like that on any sort of political video or anything that is related to some sort of controversy / disagreement . feminism is always brought into it , and they usually say something about ... honestly , i haven't studied enneatypes a lot . i think i am a 6 , but i could just as easily be a 4 . if anyone is familiar enough with my posts to try and type me , go ahead . i think everyone is born with a unique set of values that can be either good or evil depending on the circumstances . this could be logical consistency , harmony , freedom , justice , tradition , etc . ... maybe why not kill them ? could be inserted into that point as well . because lives matter more than feelings , and a person's feelings is pretty much the only valid argument for the death penalty ... i've been playing runescape while i'm waiting for wwe 2k18 and cod : ww2 to come out . i hate it for these reasons : - prisoners , even ones who are violent criminals , are pretty much helpless . they're already locked up , so why kill them ? - it is f * * * ing barbaric . - there is the risk of ... pls stahp doing this i am deply offindid aaaand i'll come back to this later . hatred is the wrong target . what is happening here is dehumanization . when you convince a group of people that another group of people is somehow responsible for their suffering , they will begin to ... yes , probably . it's the first image that comes up when you google it . that sort of we are objectively better than everyone else attitude ( mainly coming from entps and intjs ) is one of the main reasons i switched ... 1 . intp . about half of the friends i had as a kid were intps , and i related to them especially well because i shared their level of awkwardness , as well as a lot of their interests ( video games , ... entp because if you go in literally any mbti group on social media , the entps are running it in a pretty narcissistic manner . has anyone else seen that horrible mbti tiers chart ? infj and enfj ... people start to get a bad vibe about me , either because i swear too much or i joke about sensitive topics or i expressed an opinion that they disagreed with . i spend so much time tailoring and ... ni there are a few problems with your philosophy . firstly , crime ( which i'm assuming is what you mean by evil ) can never be eliminated . criminologists have been trying to find a way to do that since ... hate is often stronger than love . for example things i love : animals , tea , my favorite band , my boyfriend , gaming , etc . things i hate : gender inequality , retribution , child abuse , animal abuse , ... i guess hanging would be more cost-effective , but it is also less humane . if something goes wrong , the person being executed strangles to death ( in case you don't know , the intention is to snap the ... my result : you scored 54.167 out of 100 masculine points , 49.167 out of 100 feminine points , and 47.5 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . i'm an isfp and a biological female . also this ... sounds very enxj-ish to me . you're talking about this issue like it's simple when it is actually extremely complicated . first of all , the death penalty does not deter crime . public execution would only serve to brainwash good ... sour food . sour candy . sour fruit . sour drinks . especially green apple flavor . and that feeling when you imagine eating something really sour . omg . holy shit , the slippery slopers were right . honestly , i thought the left was better than this . legal consequences , sure , but only for the safety of society . i view prison as a means of incapacitation and rehabilitation , and nothing else . i believe in the philosophy that two wrongs don't make ... mom : istj dad : intj me : isfp i get along slightly better with my dad ( we argue about politics and religion all the time for fun ) but i am not especially close with either one of them . my mom and ... oversized tank or tee , sports bra , and baggy shorts or pajama pants . every day . i'll try typing marshal , my favorite hamster ( i have 2 but the other one is mean and territorial ) . i vs . e - definitely e . he lets anyone handle him , will jump into hands , and is always awake and ... i've never really liked them , and i was always removing my dogs ' collars as a kid . i can't imagine having a thing around my neck all the time . like , if you need to take them on a walk , why not use a ... the only trend i've noticed is that intjs tend to be sort of extreme on one side or the other . people say that intjs are almost always conservative , but i've met plenty of ultra-liberal , sjw ones as ... i disagree . if someone doesn't care , they're going to choose randomly or by which candidate is the most attractive , instead of making an informed decision . 1 . i have heard that isfps are supposed to be charismatic . i am anything but this . 2 . i love public speaking , group discussions , performing , and being the center of attention . 3 . i'm a weirdo ... yayyy another runescape player , and another saradomin supporter at that : angel : the difference here is that communists support the perceived underdog even when they are the ones with the most ... '