' first , fi isn't based on feelings , but rather on reasoning that takes into account other people's personal well-being when making a decision . these decisions are also guided by the users values ... sorry , not quite my speed ^ ^ . thanks for including me though <3 . daleks_exterminate actually your description here and before both strongly line up with inferior te and sound quite like an infp in the grip . i'm willing to believe that she is an infp , especially due to mentioning ... i'm not sure how positive you are of your sisters type but it sounds more like some other types i've had less exciting experiences with . that said , assuming she is most definitely an infp , i would ... hello wolf fellow . i spent a lot of time and effort trying to find someone to love and be loved by . i think it's from putting in so much and receiving so few results , that it caused me to feel a ... i wouldn't necessarily say the mbti should be something you use to align yourself with . aligning yourself seems to imply that you're fitting yourself into something or making yourself come into ... it's honestly not even a matter of specifically where , so much as how you're most likely to meet them . the best way to meet people is by expanding your search through getting out more and meeting ... it is free and you write . there are options to taking videos and sending them and such , but it's primarily text based . you'll do fine i'm sure ^ ^ . sure , will you post the group name here or pm it ? fairy bread memeophilic reverieinsight kik is something of a group chat app which is available ( that i know for sure of ) for iphones , ... the point of the stereotypes isn't so much trying to fit them , but them being a general grouping of commonalities within a specific type of cognitive procession i . e . personality type . imagine ... i did forget to mention that , as long as you use your auxiliary function to establish a sense of external reality , then it is very possible that environmental factors can cause you to rely more on ... yes , however it would be pretty crippling and more likely to cause someone to live in a grip or loop rather than be able to function adequately . in the case of this happening to an introvert , ... hello perc mbti community ! alright . so i need help finding information on what i've come to know as distorted types . the basic premiss of distorted types is that some individuals of any type are ... 1 . yes 2 . yes 3 . no 4 . no 5 . yes 6 . yes 7 . ( what standard do i measure this by ? ) 8 . yes 9 . yes 10 . no regarding your last statement : such a statement is entirely incorrect . both thinkers and feelers enjoy being well liked and loved by the people around them . they also both equally enjoy being ... toward your third comment : the actual retest rate percentage for a second retake is about 98 % of people having the same 4 preferences . third retake being in the lower 90 % of same 4 preferences . it ... hey teddy . whenever i read a material that challenges my knowledge , vocabulary , and ability to comprehend what's happening i usually take it really slow the first few chapters and make sure i ... reckful had the right idea to point you more towards how the actual feeling verse thinking works , but i'll give a slightly shorter version . i would read over his post though if you want some decent ... just a thought : i don't believe the idea adoption part is talking about your ideals politically . it's more trying to guess who open you are to cultural changes . for example , i got earlier-adopter . ... the first one , out of the two , but i meant it more in a deeper sense . hmm . it's hard to put the entire meaning into a one-word form . what i'm going for is basically upwelling but in the sense of ... somewhat . it is in regards to being people focused , but as far as humanism extends philosophically , no . my emphasis was more that fi-ne optimistically and creatively expresses it's concern for ... ah , cool then ^ ^ . i'd view infp's more as maybe expresser or expression . my reasoning is that , viewing things strictly stereotypically , the infp would then create / build a view or value and then ... goodthankyou what is the purpose of this list ? i'm not the best judge of whether something is put out only for fun or if it's meant to be serious : / . ironically , the letters are just short-hand for the functions . here are the rules for understanding the type's functions based off the letters : 1 ) the middle letters of a type represent the ... one of my closest friends is an esfj . we have a very good relationship and have been friends for years . other esfjs i've met have been pretty cool as well and i've found i usually will at least ... as far as talents go , i can learning basically anything , the trick is keeping me interested for more than a few weeks lol . i've picked up a few different instruments , but never really mastered any ... our brains have quite the untold potential , i'm confident that it'll be able to keep up with the rate i'm able to learn at ^ ^ . i doubt i'll ever truly reach the limit of my mental storage within the ... my life goal is really to learn everything there is to learn , so i can master understanding or at least have a much better understanding of how everything works both individually and together . ... i know , i just find ti to be the better for what i want out of life : p . i'm going to accomplish my goals anyway , it's just going to be done slightly differently and require a little extra effort to ... in utero how has knowledge of mbti / jungian functions improved your daily life ? learning about the mbti and jung's cognitive functions have changed how i interact with others and have helped me ... ironically , this question is basically about which infps have come to not prefer their most preferred function . a very interesting question ! after extensively studying fi and the other ... at church , my director ( ' boss ' ) is a male entj and our relationship is really good . i don't know him well enough to say what the bigger pitfalls are , but we definitely work together well when ... lsjnzy 13 i don't really know which specific test you're talking about , but i doubt it matters much . all the test i've taken have placed me as an istj , intj , or intp . this has lead me to ... thanks for sharing , though i think you should look more into what the cognitive functions are and how they work within the theory . a few books i'd suggest trying : personality type : an owner's ... some of my favorite infp qualities : - the enthusiasm to which an excited infp has toward and during their exploration of new and fun experiences . - i like the innocence , perhaps even naivety , ... my fellow leonians , we must not fail our sign and allow someone to overtake our leading role in the poll ! ! ! we will fight and we will win . for the pride ! ! ! ... 1 ) yep , that's it . i then payed the dust mite for the bread carpet and left . 2 ) i capture the frog in order to dissect it and take skin tissue samples to look at under the microscope i bought ... also , i forgot to add : pay special attention to what fi is and understand that fi ≠ emotion and that you can spend all your time thinking , analyzing , and trying to follow what you see as the logical ... though not the same personality system , you sound like an enneagram 5 . as being an infp and enneagram 5 , logic is a necessity for me . i have an inner desire or ' need ' to understand how things work ... it sure looks like home every time i look in the mirror ∑ ; 3 . maybe home isn't all that far after all ^ _ ^ . are you calling me a liar : crying : ? you gossip , lie , probably have killed a few people ... what are we suppose to do with you ? i vote we send you to a behavioral correction facility >:D . you must ... lies ! you're all serious all the time : shocked : . ^ don't believe her , she must be reported to the nearest authorities : cool : . sidenote : she sleeps with a saffron rabbit named mr.wuggles ... this post should help at least a little . not an istj myself , but ... istj randomness is cute : wink : . in other news : <3 that is all . i ended up not falling asleep till around 5:30 am , but all is well lol . thank you for the article , i'll read it later today when i have a bit more time , but i look forward to it . usually i just roam ... generally , i'd stress just recognizing whether you use fi or ne dominantly , but it's up to you if you want to go that deep or not . i've started to accept that it doesn't matter if people believe ... this sounds like introversion versus extraversion or infp . as said in my previous post enfps are usually ( naturally ) more able to be smooth in social settings . enfps are all about talking to people ... basically what generally decides the differences : his constant internal reflection ( fi-dom ) versus needing external events to spark internal reflection ( ne-dom ); ne-doms are more people orientated and ... i've had a few bad experiences with trying to move things from friendships to relationships so i probably won't allow myself to like her in that way unless i have strong evidence that suggests she ... i haven't , but i'm also a very withdrawn person . i do have moments of being talkative and feeling the need to be around people , but it takes a great deal of effort to sustain my talkativeness and ... '