' definitely .. it's not an out of the blue maneuver .. it has happened to me in situations like you described .. sometimes we can only take so much from someone , after we give chance after chance .. in my ... sometimes people can stand up for themselves over and over .. and then it becomes too tiring to continue interactions with that person . why try when the other person is determined to take advantage of ... that's exactly bhow i feel .. you stated it way better than i could . :-) well , only you know the history and what you are willing to endure for it .. if the good with her outweighs the bad , etc . i just hope she doesn't cause you too much emotional pain in the meantime ... we are all entitled to our opinions .. i think the whole point of it being an infj doorslam is that we are all ( usually ) so empathetic and caring , and this is characterized by a lack of caring , a ... i think what i found strange about my doorslam was that i am usually so caring and over-emotional about people , but this time .. i tried and tried with this friend and then i came to the breaking ... i don't find it idiotic why do you find it so ? have you never had to do this in your life ? where someone is so toxic and they affect your life so much that you just give up and cut them out ? i ... i totally agree with the below poster . she doesn't sound like a very good friend .. and attacking you like that ? not called for . maybe send her an email so you can ponder at length what to say , and ... personally i wouldn't categorize door slamming mode as either bad behavior or a poor disposition . i think when one gets to that point and is so hurt .. it happens . protects the psyche more than ... how did you feel when you did it .. were you emotional , or did it just feel like something you had to do that you don't regret ? sorry about your relationship .. was probably for the best if you had to ... it's strange .. it's not like i consciously cut off caring .. i cared very deeply for this person , but i hit a point where i was like i am done . i can't do this any more to myself .. and everything ... have you all heard of this ? where i guess it's where the infj just gets so fed up and stressed with a person that all their caring gets shut off like a switch and they cut that person out of their ... i hope things work out between you .. let us know how it goes . do something for you tonight though to keep your mood up . read a good book , listen to music , watch a favorite tv show , read some ... aww that sucks .. well , do you want to even go at this point ? for me , crowds stress me a lot so i probably would have never gone to something like that . is there something else you could do to have ... do you find that when you ask people how they are , they assume you want superficial oh i'm fine , thanks for asking and really what you want is a honest answer coupled with why ? that's hard . but ... yeah , i'd rather be alone than with someone who treats me horribly or uses me like the past couple friends i have had . thanks for the insight ! yup . been there . sounds like you have things in hand though ! it's hard , but yes , we are stronger after such an emotional stew .. is there a reason something might cause the day to be bad ? or just an overall feeling ? it's hard , i know , but try not to let yourself get sucked down into negativity .. hugs ! ! i just re-engaged myself after a hiatus .. haven't seen any of your posts yet , but all i can say is , jump in and comment on others posts and i think they are more likely to comment on yours ... i'm sorry gettingacross the bridge .. it's been a bad day here too . watch a movie you love ? read a good book ? listen to some inspirational songs or read some poetry ? care to share ? hugs ! i think it all depends on what you feel the most comfortable with . if you want her friendship , and she won't make the first move to apologize or at least thaw out , you may have to .. or just let it go ... maybe that's my problem as well . i used to be involved in drama in high school , and then there was college , travel school and work environments to help me make friends , so when i was forced into ... i know ! it's hard isn't it when you need someone and there's no one there for you . wish i had some sage advice .. i know how you feel .. it's like all the negativity gets magnified when you're exhausted , right ? hope you can catch up soon ! i bet that is really stressful for you being in a job where things like that can happen . hugs ! thank you for the support .. it is just like a punch in the emotional gut to be accused of thinking of myself when i spend the bulk of my time thinking of others and how they feel . sometimes having people in one's life is harder than it's worth . this same friend i have tried helping for being depressed for the past 6 months is now accusing me of being a narcissist . i ask ... you sound a lot like me .. i am awkward socially and therefore its hard for me to make friends . i've been told my moods are variable too .. maybe it's the personality type ? let me know if you wanna chat ... i was just thinking the same thing recently .. i feel so alone sometimes , and i think i pick the wrong people to make friends with . i feel like i always give and give , and those people take . i love to ... sorry to hear that .. just read this page . i hope things get better for you ! i do too ! most of my acquaintences find this weird though .. that i can be so into hearing about people's life stories and then dwelling on and connecting the dots to why they made a decision or felt a ... i totally get this . i do , and it causes me a lot of emotional angst . i think of the other persons feelings and sometimes don't say what needs to be said because i'm afraid of hurting them , which ... personally , i would never live in a place that has a history of toxic mold .. i think one's health has to be priority , so i suppose that makes me inflexible . i do think there are more than just a few ... sometimes i think that can be an issue with us infj's .. we try to help people because we see the potential and know people could be more than with a little nudging . however , i have learned ( as did ... i know how you feel . i had a similar experience with a friend this week . ( up a few threads in this discussion i think .. ) it made me question if * i * am the problem , or if they are .. i think we are too ... i just started making metal stamped jewelry .. am going to make a few necklaces with personality types on them .. my etsy site is your boutique for geeky mugs stamped jewelry etc by geektique . the ... hmm .. well i was really heavily involved in 09-10 . sort of on and off after that . owned a couple sims at one time .. pm me if ya wanna reminisce . lol . but yeah , i don't have hours to spend roleplaying ... when being solitary is way less heartache . i was told by someone i consider a good friend this week that basically i didn't matter . that family , job , hobbies and other pursuits will all be a higher ... exactly ! one sim would be known for good by the book rp and then people would come in and start their drama .. and then poof , the sim was gone , and i'd have to start all over finding a place with ... i know , right ? i used to rp online in second life a lot until the metagaming and godmodding just got way out of control and the people turned into a bunch of whiners .. i think facebook can ruin relationships , especially for us , who look for the underlying meaning in what people post . i feel for you . i'd be really depressed if a friend i cared about was so ... life has taught me recently what mr . incredible learned .. some people just don't want to be saved .. you can try and try .. but if they don't want help or want to change , nothing you do or say will ... thanks for your support ! it sounds like from your situation you do understand how i feel . hugs to you as well . i have tried talking to these people about how i feel that i give and then when i ... aww i get it . i have heard that same thing from friends when i vent about something . it's hard to hear that others might have it worse and that you need to just suck it up ... how unsupportive ! ! i ... hmm interesting .. can you give an example of setting boundaries or a time when you've said no ? i mean , to me , if a friend emails me and says they are having a terrible day , i will always make the ... thank you .. it's nice to hear those qualities are appreciated . i need to figure out how to make friends that won't take advantage of my giving nature i suppose .. thank you .. i know i should stay the person i am and be compassionate and help people , but lately it feels like i give and give in relationships and don't recieve much back . i mean , i shouldn't be ... i'm feeling really low today because i have been investing a lot of time and emotional energy into helping someone i thought was a friend but it turns out that they will just soak up my help and ... good for you ! ! ! i am trying to make better informed food choices as well . it's really hard to get support from people in that department though . like another poster suggested , they are jealous that ... oh wow . this is me to a t as well . it really irritates me when people lie and then when they are caught try to linguistically extricate themselves by splitting hairs well , i didn't actually say ... '