' even catie herself ? any particular reasons you think she's a se-dom ? anyone have a good guess for catie wayne / her character boxxy ?  that sounds about right . i thought infj though honestly , but intj actually makes more sense now that i think about it . what has kanye done that's all that much worse than what most people have done ? seriously . the only reason why he's seen as this huge douchebag is because he has an audience . we've all been rude ... underrated post . just put perc on my whitelist on my adblock . the ads here aren't obnoxious so it's all good . what exactly does this tell me that i didn't already know ? sounds like se or maybe ne to me . spaghetti . falling everywhere . like flightsoffancy said , you really have to dissociate traits from functions . i'm not half of the things you mentioned . if they apply to your friend , that's great . but i know for a fact that not all ... i wasn't offended or anything . i actually found it pretty funny . these guys : well , thanks . what are their powers and abilities ? what would you type them ? they're your characters . surely you'd know better than us . but i'll take a stab at it . guardian angel - estp white knight - esfj - minimal communication with a partner who's not present ( hate talking on the phone , often don't respond to texts or emails either ) yep . sometimes i just don't want to talk to anyone . also , i ... not this fi dom . ha ! as if i'd let you know my weaknesses . walk around butt ass naked . talk to myself . talk to my dogs . sing . sing to my dogs . pretend to be a master chef . jam out . plot world domination . experimental manscaping . watch embarrassing tv shows ... theglassmenagerie • to write scam on her arms yes . and you don't even have to explain how he's a te user because come on , it's jay-z . entj is possible but i lean towards intj for him . he's also the greatest rapper of all time in my opinion . nailed it . i'm fine with it . i like my type but even more than that i like who i am . i made a thread about how i misused mbti and all that but if you kinda don't accept it as the gospel and just have fun with ... where do you guys see fe in andrea ? she seems way more like a fi user to me . you'd swear he was a se user by his subject matter and interests but don't let the world he's a part of fool you . his ne shines through if you look at how he puts together his lyrics . his lyrics have ... the governor comes off as a corrupt fe-dom to me . he's really good at rallying people together and manipulating them in a way that seems very fe to me . he has his entire community believing he's some ... the good : i'm very in touch with who i am and what i want . i don't really worry about what people think of me . i'm also accepting of other people's little quirks and differences and i sometimes even ... i have never even thought about marriage . i'm not opposed to it or anything i just haven't met anyone who i would even consider marrying nor have i been in a serious enough relationship for that to ... i'm not big on children . i generally dislike kids until i've spent a lot a time around them and have become attached and sometimes that doesn't even happen because let's face it : some kids are ... i have tons of interests . this is more what i meant . i don't actually try to type everyone when i talk to them . it crosses my mind when a person says something says something that sounds like a specific type though . but what ... mainly because it's really affected the way i view people . whenever i meet someone i try to study them and figure out what type they could be and i wish i didn't do that . instead of thinking oh ... i would say he's an isfj . i get a lot of si-fe from his songs about relationships . istj why do people always type cena as an enfp ? the man and the character both so obviously fe-doms . john cena - esfj triple h - entj undertaker - intj randy orton - istp stone cold steve austin - ... nah , i've always seen him as fi and te over ti and fe so istp wasn't what i had in mind . i really wasn't sure . i mainly asked you initially because i saw you post a video with him in it and figured ... interesting . definitely one of the last types i would've applied to him . i can see how you got fe from that video but he's notorious for being a bit of an ass and not being much of a people person ... thanks . been trying to type him for ages . what would you say the type of the other guy in the first video you posted ( cm punk ) is ? what do you guys think about dodger saying she's an intj ? it completely threw me off , i always saw her as either enfp or entp . thanks a lot for the help . i'll take a look at that . also if it's relevant , i forgot to mention that i've literally just gotten over a long period of depression , so i may not be the healthiest . yep . that's the one . i took the one on this site just now , here were my results : your cognitive functions : introverted thinking ( ti ) 9.69 extroverted intuition ( ne ) ... oops . i'll edit my post with an answer to 7 here in a minute . also , results to a recent cognitive function test i took : te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 55 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic ... kurt was a total infp , i think . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? just want some input . i've been typed as anything from intj to istp to enfp . it's not that i don't know myself , i just don't know how ... work harder . the reason you're not where you want to be ? you haven't done enough to get yourself there . stop expecting everything to come easy to you . stop wasting time and go do something great . honestly , it sounds to me like you're projecting your own type onto taylor because of how big of a fan you are . te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 55 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 75 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... '