if any other type could ' read ' me , it'd be infj's ... you guys are similar in a lot of ways , different as well , but the same where it counts . i like being myself ... i couldn't really see myself being anything else , although i do admire qualities of other personality types that i would very much like to possess , i can't complain though . i think it's just a part of who we are , i don't even do it intentionally ... but it really affects my ability to make new friends ( i was better at it at school , all my friends from school have moved ... this this this , there is no way on earth i could do it ... my parents used to make me do it and i hated it ( even though i liked music itself ) one thing that has been annoying me a ridiculous amount lately , bad drivers . the vast majority of people on the roads around here either drive dangerously , slowly ( which in a way is dangerous as well ) ... i hate public speaking , but i look after 30 odd kids twice a week ... i have to speak to all of them when they are together occasionally , and i don't feel at all off by doing it in that context . i ... we like to deal with things like stress by ourselves , in our own way . just be supportive , maybe get her a cup of tea , it'll say more than any words : happy : unfortunately i think you'll need to compromise in some way ... there definitely is plenty of opportunities in the it world ( i'm working on getting a diploma in networking to pass the time ) , it'll ... alright , lets do this another way , what do you enjoy ? what are you good at ? how good are your grades at school ? how much money are we talking here ? no matter the amount ( in my opinion ) you should do what you enjoy , and can see yourself still enjoying in 5-10 years ( i went down the other road , studied ... i dunno ... i can put on an act for work which is similar ( at a school , if i didn't i would get walked over ) , but frankly i don't really enjoy doing it . i'd much rather be that really nice person who ... this is true , i'm not as good friends with a lot of people from school as i used to be ... which honestly is a shame , they are all nice people . i think it's because they have all grown up quicker than ... one question here : i know i can't label a person by his personality type , but if any of you isfps were in this situation , would you be burdened that someone cares about you ? like you are obligated to ... but if i care about it a lot i will defend it / myself ... doesn't happen all that much though : unsure : the thing is , half the time we don't really know what we are feeling : frustrating : rainshower he is disconnecting from you because he doesn't want to get hurt ( it's something we do , a lot ) , i ... apparently i'm pretty much ghandi : laughing : interesting stuff , but my political view tends to change with the ... depends what sort of music , but generally soundcloud and youtube is a good start ... if they are set up properly they are great for exposure ( if someone googles your name they are the first things to ... still happy i did it :p roud : i want to live in a big city ... just seems like a great idea in my head , i've never really lived in places with lots of people : sad : this this this , don't be afraid to tell him what he is doing is annoying you ... he may not appear to react well , but he should try harder to not ignore you next time ( i would ) . not as much as i used to ... definitely still daydream almost constantly though , keeps me thinking , i'd hate to stop thinking :p roud : i was actually diagnosed with it when i was really young ( i know i'm not the only isfp here that was diagnosed with it either ) , now that i've read into personality theory a heap i think it's more ... i think i'm the first sensor to post here ... um , depends what sort . if it's harmless ( like huntsmen , they look really scary but they are completely harmless ) then it's welcome in my home ( even if they ... dodge ball is a regular occurrence on weekends for my employment ( looking after kids is great ! ) , when i play with them i do exactly as you describe ... makes me think , we'd probably be great guerrilla ... nice video ! interesting about the ' not sharing anything that's mine ' , i'm guessing this is one of the cases where our upbringings differ ... i grew up in boarding school , so to survive you had to ... my god it's great to see some sun again ... this is the most consistently rainy summer / early autumn i've seen ! how is the rest of australia doing ? i hear it's cooler down south ... i have pretty much turned into what your friend is , but i only have one friend ( everybody else in my life sorta are acquaintances ) , and i get to see him twice a year ( if i'm lucky ) . the thing is , i'm ... saw a kid i used to look after today , cutest smile ever ( from her , not me ! i wouldn't call my own smile cute ... who do you think i am ! ) . and now his latest album has been pulled from spotify , urgh :d ry : i don't think it's that we can't lead , it's just that we generally don't want to . as far as i've found we are quite suitable in leadership positions ( we can be incredibly empathetic while being able ... well i thought i'd do the same : laughing : my mirror was rather dirty ... looked cool though : happy : bad habits ? procrastination , ignoring people when i don't feel like socialising , forgetting to do things ( all the time ) , i'm sure there are plenty of others . i could list a few good habits but i'm in ... until it gets to a point where it's too messy to bear , then you go and clean everything up in one go . i seem to be doing that every two weeks or so now ... same goes for taking out the rubbish , i just ... it seems us isfp's have similar problems ... definitely relating to all the serious posts here , which probably isn't a good thing : sad : well we have the same functions , just in the opposite order ... i guess it makes sense , we just don't have the arrogance of them : laughing : istj , we compliment each other ... not perfectly , but he is the only one who can get me out on a weekend : laughing : i don't really do this consciously , i have done it before once or twice though ... it's like slipping into a cross between a daydream and a dream ( obviously not real but you feel everything ) . must just ... not just mine , it's collaborative ! i suggest you try it out sometime , think of it like a canvas with multiple people painting :p roud : i'm not sure if this was the best way to go about it , not all of us own wacom tablets ( which would make this incredibly easy , isfp's should have them more than most types tbh ) , and not all of us have ... i'd have to say yes ... i have a fair bit of knowledge on pretty much everything but programming and networking . sometimes i question why i've spent so much money on technology : laughing : isfp here , i used to be really bad with it ... these days however i don't do it much , if at all . i'm at the point now where i can comfortably cut my fingernails off most of the time , it definitely was ... oh yes , they are out there ... but you can say that for any type really , we are just considered a ' nicer , more childlike ' one therefore it's less expected . it's scary because i know i can do this , ... essentially this , i'm in this position with someone currently actually ... i'm not saying no at all ( i'm still being as nice and polite as possible ) , i'm just trying to avoid her . it's probably ...  flockdraw is fun : laughing : edit note that most of the above isn't all my artwork , it's all created by ... we are emotionally explosive to begin with anyway , when our emotions hit us they hit us rather hard . being an unhealthy isfp would add the chance of not internalising it like the rest of us ... listen to this a few times on a loop , it's amazing ... loving game soundtrack music currently : happy : give us a comfortable situation and a topic we are happy to talk about and you can't get us to shut up : laughing : my . god . your level of boredom must've been this high * holds arm up signifying how high that is * this is true ... you are essentially comparing a perfectly healthy member of society ( michael jackson in his earlier years ) to someone who has essentially gone through hell ( eminem in his earlier ...