' the mbti was supposed to take jung's theory and apply it for research and discovery purposes . so i don't see how your theory would replace it . the way to replace it would be to do a better job of ... you could make the opposite claim as well . introverts take longer to react , which gives them some time and opportunity to make their point clear and deliberate . whereas , an extravert does and ... that sounds like perception and identification to me . since everyone has emotions and it's confusing determining extraverted feelings verses introverted feelings , i would like to see how you describe fe without using any reference to emotions ... i don't agree with the intj female having short hair . having i and t , i can't be bothered with the social ( i . e . uncomfortable ) atmosphere of a salon . i cut my hair when it gets unmanageable , so it's ... the main focus of hsp in the studies is determining a direct relationship to introverts and not to extraverts . so there is a correlation in hsp and personality . plus , they are looking into up to 4 ... i wouldn't say anyone has a natural understanding of anything . i'm just saying intuition is more capable of seeing and identifying intangible information , which fits well with the mystical / religious ... i place religion and philosophy with the j functions . jung mentioned archetypes and that ni is tuned into them . that points to objective truths to me , but ni isn't determining those truths , it just ... those descriptions above are more generic mbti and not really fitting of the actual functions . i definitely don't agree with the stereotypes that mbti used as their references . more se / si top users are scientists and engineers . more likely ne / si users . ti all the way . intelligence is irrelevant to type social disorder . i'm an intj and a christian . the short test i got : 1 . light giver ( teacher ) 2 . heart revealer ( prophet ) 3 . dream awakener ( apostle ) 4 . soul healer ( pastor ) 5 . story teller ( evangelist ) congrats ! ! no , there is no correlation . everyone has a type regardless of intelligence or ignorance . i don't think it is that s users want to be n users . it is more that the descriptions for ni and si suck . i think ne / se are usually decent enough for typing . irl when an si user spends a lot of ... the solution would have to come from credible studies and accurate descriptions . myers briggs went the right direction in developing the theory , they just drew the wrong conclusions . the same type of ... from your answers i would say istp . i see a lot of s and fe . your answers to # 4 were all fe answers . it's a pretty common issue . most men don't want to identify with a feeling function . i see value in changing it , but it would need to be done in a separate theory and then popularized . that would be ... the issue is that our emotions do come from the f function and our thoughts do come from the t functions . however , since emotions are not controllable and they stem from our life experiences , we ... i think the mbti based their conclusions on generalities about people , but then never put the right functions with those generalities ( if that is even possible . ) the questions to determine intj could ... i wonder if many people who type as intj are really se users who have ni as a lower function and relate to the definitions . where did you get that notion ? i always pick up on intangible information . i don't turn tangible information into intangible information . i collect the intangible that surrounds the tangible . ... yes , the ne image is helpful identifying ne users . it is also a way of placing observations into an existing structure . so it works with both ni and te . i've only experienced it when i read things ... your argument # 1 i responded to it , and then you changed the premise to argument # 2 i responded and then you presented premise # 3 now youx 92re back to stating it isnx 92t about the child . i can't keep ... i have te and i have no need for ti . i'm not convinced that ti is about inductive processing . i don't think a person will work exclusively with one or the other . and ni isn't about logic , reason , or ... that is your third premise change . first it's about the child , then it's about how intuitives treat sensors , now it's mocking people who act like that . you keep moving the argument away from your ... the child is totally irrelevant to the actual discussion . using a child is a ploy to gain sympathy . i'd rather ignore that part completely . and i can't imagine that someone read the op and missed the ... you are changing the premise . you just said it was about the child . now you're saying it's about the way nts treat sensors . which one is it ? you have to actually have a victim to victim blame . i'm ... in order to get to that place in the future , adults would have made those decisions . it wouldn't be n children deciding s children were unworthy . it would be adults . just because the op used a child ... according to jung , it's the collective unconscious in the form of ideas that are ingrained in our human existence . he thought introvert doms could all tap into it in their own ways . i think the ... the op has listed herself as an nt . the only reason it's a problem is because people make such a big deal about it . pointing out that sensors are victims makes them victims . i'd rather see ... oh yay , another victim thread ! ! ! it's typist to assume sensors can't stand up for themselves . se does collect the tangible , but ni is the dominate function , so that tangible information is viewed negatively because it stays in the external orientation . we rely on the intangible collection of ... there is a conscious and unconscious aspect of every function . except ni isn't connecting those events like that example . ni would take in the intangible information of what was observed ( emotions , ... ti is about building impersonal organizations and structures from a subjective standpoint . it isn't anything like ni , other than the introvert part . ti forms the connections between the data ... i can't say from a personal perspective , as it happens unconsciously . though , jung speaks of the collective unconscious that the introvert taps into for inspiration . i think we relate the new data ... a good way to look at the process is the last bit i wrote at the bottom of this post : i definitely do not agree . you are moving away from the typing theory and coming up with something else . the p functions observe and the j functions judge . there would be no use for the p functions ... i'm not going to apologize for being unable to use another person's understanding . i can only understand what i understand the way i understand it . that is not what i meant . i thought maybe you worded it wrong , so i responded that way so you didn't think i agreed with your wording . i'm not even sure what you're getting at . why would the j ... intuitive insights are not dependent on the j functions . your wording makes it seem like a stipulation . the whole concept of intuition is that it is irrational perception that isn't based on things we can hold in our hands . i know people want it to be rational , but that is not the p functions . we see ... it seems you are using hypothetical circumstances in place of theories . ni is knowing without experiencing . in that way ni doms seem to theorize or use the hypothetical . i get what you're saying . ... i agree with your statement about using enneagram inappropriately . there is a thread on the istp forum about how enneagram 5 types istps don't use se . instead of concluding they aren't istps because ... i knew you would ask . part of what the j functions operate on are the images . however , there is also the unconscious ni and se that is used for the j functions as well , in regards to intj . as i explained , i read your question in a general way . that example is both tangible and rational . ni is about the intangible and it is irrational . intjs would definitely have to engage se to come up with what is in your example , but since se isn't our ... i took jung's words and wrote my op from them . he first said it , and i was agreeing with him . i don't see how or why i would take someone else's understanding of the functions and then type people with it . i have my own understanding , which is what i use . i guess you are calling that a view , ... that is a lot of questions . i observed ne users for a long while . at some point i had an image , which i described as a texture for lack of a better word . i see that as the objective information ... that is an assumption on your part . i don't think people who are mistyped share the same functions as me . it has nothing to do with whether they share my views . '