' a coworker and i were bored today and decided to take an online mmpi - 2 test . he tested pretty normal , however i was rather lazy in my answers and tested fairly high as a crazy person . since one of ... sorry grandma . badass drummer , and early-onset programmer . beloved by my fellow bandfags , and hated by my teachers . once my band instructor ( class-oriented band class , not extra-curricular bandfaggery ) ripped up my ... people who commit crimes that are punishable by execution in the us are typically damaged by society since their childhood . instead of killing the unlucky people who weren't skilled enough to learn ... i may be cynical , but then that would make you naive . what you're suggesting is what you've been conditioned to believe . government does not exist to make my life better any more than it exists to ... you have a very shallow perspective of reality . someday when you leave your parents ' safety you'll realize that not only does the government not care to solve your problems , but neither do your ... sps are a lot more fun in the bedroom . they're willing to play games , unlike sjs that require bedroom activities to be by the book . i experience a mini panic attack when my alarm goes off in the morning , jolting me out of bed to shut it off . the trick is to place your alarm away from your bed so you're forced into a vertical ... i exist because the youngest children of two families married , copulated , and produced me . ugh , there's no correct or incorrect answer to this question because it requires subjective perspectives ... the old testament rules are valid , regardless of the context , including all the other commandments in leviticus and elsewhere . if i need to find the bible verse that backs this up i will , but it's ... commandment # 6 : thou shalt not kill . it doesn't matter who kills who , it's immoral to kill regardless of the reason . killing as a penalty for killing is killing regardless . furthermore , jesus ... when i was a child in catholic school and my words failed me i was told loudly so the other children could hear that it's because i'm an evil liar . now that i'm much older i'm fully aware that when ... you're either under 18 , or an incredibly stupid person . i was bullied by teachers in high school who didn't like me or my family . my band instructor ripped up a test in class once because i shivered . he gave me in-school suspension because i showed ... religion is the science that cave men created to understand why the sun comes back up in the morning , and explain where cave men go when they stop moving and breathing . it became more sophisticated ... keep in mind the region and time period the bible was written . most of the scripture started as verbal history passed down the generations , the rest are translational changes to the original . many of ... agnostic . most people don't realize that space-time is a computation grid , and consciousness is a function . how do we vet our instincts ? experience . i follow my hunches when i have them , or i follow my stomach when i don't . sometimes my hunch is it's time for lunch . i had an experience like that ... what about intjs and spelling ? i like the ones with big boobs . wait , what were you asking for again ? it's super easy . you have to literally show them . because if they can't see it , they won't believe it . and sometimes , as in bad calls in sports games , even if they see it they won't believe it ! ... both my brother and i were neglected . my brother was an attention seeker , i avoided attention . my brother ( infj ) sought attention as a result of his neglect . i avoided attention , so that i ... sjs are supposed to be our natural enemies . their needs for concrete order can come into conflict with nt needs for structured freedom . nts and sjs can get along really well until the nt forgets that ... i can relate to your childhood . mine didn't include alcohol and physical violence , however it included a bipolar parent , an uncaring court system , emotional / psychological abuse , and resulted in my ... i recently used a good argument killer with a so-called christian . once you have your chance you ask them : since you're so pious you must know god's name , right ? sometimes they'll concede with ... lulz suicide = = marriage guilt , like all other emotions is very situation-oriented . i feel a tremendous amount of guilt for knowing better as a child but not acting upon it out of fear . that , in combination with many ... the gaps aren't that difficult to deal with , except when you're confronted with an individual who insults you over your ignorance . there are two ways i've found to deal with such a person : 1 ) feign ... my wife is an enfp . the best example i can give is how sometimes i just need to run away to my basement lab . she's fine with this as long as i hug her whenever she wants a hug , which is very ... the neighbor dog always barks at me when i smile . whenever people come to my door to collect donations i give them an uncomfortable stare , like i'm looking right through them . it's like they get lost for a moment , and then i smile and ask a question ... sit in a vibrating massage chair while listening to theta wave meditation music . completely natural awesome high . play some 360 . pet the cats . pet the wife . drink mt dew . watch peep show . add new ... my grandfather was lied to by his mother and step-father as to who his biological father was . he found out at the age of 35 when he and my grandmother were trying to adopt their first child ( after ... gotta drown out all the noise one way or another . i was tested at the age of 10 resulting in an iq of 165 , later tested at 20 resulting in an iq of 187 . i put no faith in iq scores as a measurement of general intelligence . as a child i was ... i avoid females unless i'm directly related to them , or related via law . historically females have attempted mating with me regardless of my relationship status , and as a result they aren't to be ... my mother recently requested that i remove all content from my fb page . regardless of my age i still do what she asks , because she's my mother and i'll set a bad precedent if i stop respecting my ... 19861 my insides are on fire . oh , make the noise stop . please . he's probably overworked , tired and horny . that was me in college . when i got enough sleep and reproductive activities i was fine . i was the intj type who would always say i'm fine which was ... watching people cry makes me laugh . why is this ? because people made me cry daily as a child , and i can still feel the bats , rocks and fists hitting me as an adult . the only reason for that crap is to keep your slaves from running away . ... whoops , did i say slaves ? i meant ' family ' . there is very little on this planet that makes me happy . i consider myself to have more in common with lobo than people i meet . the world would be better off without humans . i'd prefer as late in the timeline as possible . i would start my new life as a serial killer , and murder the wealthy for their cash in england . using the money i obtained through murder i ... what's happening in the us right now is frightening . back in the 60 ' s we setup something like nhs , but only gave it out to the elderly . parts of our congress now want to dismantle that system , and ... i'll provide an addendum to contrast my view of europe with the us . i've only visited europe 4 times in my life , and every experience was picture perfect . one time on my trip to france my luggage ... the answer is both simple and complicated . the simple version is that we have too many stupid lazy people allowed to vote . the complicated version stems from the public consciousness in the us ... i'm getting pretty close to that too . my education and work experience are much more portable than my wife's , and she doesn't want to leave the midwest . the us is a horrible place to live , and i'm ... my wife and i were denied medical insurance for the 3rd time . medica didn't like my bmi , health partners didn't like my appendectomy , and bcbs didn't like that i have sleep apnea . my wife was denied ... perhaps we need to try one of the fractal , or entropic models . they can model such substructures . the trouble is in gathering the evidence for it to scale from qm to cosmology . we'd need to gather a ... '