' i am also very open to feedback from people who are taking this version of the 40q based on a set number of parameters including : 1 . ease of answering the questionnaire . are the questions ... i am going out of the line here and suggest eie . can provide a more exhaustive analysis if you want . anyone can mistype , though ? why would 6s be particularly prone of this than members of other types ? as for celebrities , i think it can be immensely difficult to accurate type celebrities since we do ... what do you mean by diverse ? because if 6s are so diverse then we could never identify them as 6s since there is no common point that they all share . lmao , i am not even an ili-te though , but ili-ni . i fi whore too much , by and large , but yeah , i think in our conversations , the cognitive differences become pretty stark . like , the things you ... being contrarian or expressing contrarian views = ! contraflow . i am not even sure you understand my point either , since my opinion thus far , has been incredibly consistent in this area . my point wasn't to make it into a popularity contest , but to demonstrate a ... firstly , i think it is reasonable to make the argument that much has happened in the field of science since kuhn's original proposals . the idea of peer-reviewed journals , for example , is something ... definitely , i agree , though of course , this begs the question about whether personality is derived based on environment or genetics or both and if so , how , to what degree and why . there are plenty of ... but that's exactly what i said , mbti and the enneagram are not laws . they are theories , and as theories , unverified ones . a theory which is verified through rigorous scientific testing and with ... gonna call out bullshit on this . types that baffle me are typically 1s , 3s and maybe 6s , depending . i don't understand the idea of awe in general , as it builds on an idea of idealization and ... thank you for understanding the argument so thoroughly , and seeing where my issue lies in this ! it's been quite a frustrating experience to try to reword myself but still feeling that people are ... yes , but the problem is , how do we even begin to correlate behavior with the cognitive functions and then to use it as a predictive model ? that is one big gripe right there ; i see people say stuff ... edit because i did not see warning until i responded ; rain _ if you got an issue with me , take it privately instead . if you got any issues with the logical argument presented to you , i'd ... i don't feel that my wing integrates to 3 . lmao . finish what you start , will ya ? then your claim about your reading comprehension means nothing since you don't even have the guts to prove how it's so a + + and of course you can't because it's not . if your reading comprehension is so good , then let's have you summarize my posts and argument thus far . what is my main position and how do i argue for it ? how about reading what people write instead of cherrypicking something in order to try to make a faulty point . not that i should expect anything less of you . i disagree that these are even archetypal parts of what makes an infj an infj , even stereotypically . that was the main argument i was making , also , with regards to official mbti statistics , ... just going to address this main point since i think this is the main point of contention : so , firstly , i have no idea what definition of infj you are operating on or what definition of an infj you ... personally i run into infjs all the time , everywhere . i don't use any kind of scorings to identify infjs since i type people based on the functions , not based on the dichotomies . i think the ... i don't think it's rare at all ; i just think people are likely to mistype as both types and people that are these types are also likely to mistype as something else ( i certainly did at some point ) ... why should this be uncommon ? i know of two people who are 8s and infjs on this site . i would definitely perceive this as a lack of loyalty and support unless you can clearly explain and demonstrate how you are still on his side . we are mostly analyzing results based on the degree of awareness , presence and valuation of the ie related to that particular question . answers should be as thorough and honest as possible . sounds very nice . congrats . sounds harsh without summer break , but sometimes just doing everything in a go may be nicer and take a longer breaker later on , instead . someone pointed out some awkward phrasings / typos , so just fixing those . this is the edited version : we at typology hub discord server have decided to re-design several aspects of the original 40q questionnaire and uploaded it to google forms where everyone can answer this questionnaire . the new ... yeah , i don't visit this place much anymore . mostly hanging out on discord nowadays . not much has happened outside of that , so . hmm ? why do you value the enneagram only when combined with the instinct ? are you subscribing to the subtype theory , or what ? anyway , re : the op : i don't do type in a particular order of ... i don't see much validity to the syn vs contraflow and i don't relate to that description of sx / so despite being very sure of being sx / so . i also don't think it really captures the nature of how ... heh , thanks . i didn't know i was so typical . i unfortunately have nothing else to contribute to this thread right now , since i don't hang out much here anymore . not outside of intellectually , no . i can understand how you work but i can't relate to the experience . in general , i really struggle to make sense of people who have a natural disposition towards worry , ( self - ) doubt , anxiety and self-criticism . i also struggle to understand people that want to get ... i would say for 8s , it's more that you have a tendency to think people are ( un ) intentionally trying to sabotage . 8s do paint themselves as stronger , and being targeted is more that you see others ... depends on why you did it . i think it sounds like some version of 4 , 6 or 8 . continued :  the style has aged poorly , but the songs are still kickass and totally make the op : honestly , what makes a good op is a combination of so many things , but a good song is absolutely a must . here are my favorites : ... i think chaotic neutral fits me best . my head fix is 5 . i don't remember what thread i was browsing and whether it included a lot of pictures but i don't think so . it hasn't occurred since this happened the first time , though . this is all answered by socionics . first dichotomy - carefree / careless vs . farsighted : carefree careless types are inclined to solve a problem and search for a solution using only that ... because functionally , i don't relate to valuing ti , ne , si and fe as a part of how i think . let me explain by analyzing my own answers for you : my initial response ( 1 ) is actually an ... if someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something , what would your thought process be ? you mean just how i make decisions in general or how i would specifically help them come ... it's more about exploring those feelings in themselves , though , to go back to those feeling states and live through them . we do that when we explore our memories . it's not even a matter whether they ... and only on this site . am using chrome . ok , if awareness in itself doesn't help and questioning the relevance of the feelings doesn't help , then as figure wrote , trying to delve deeper into the sense of fear itself and what generates that ... yes , as i was trying to express but i have done poorly because it's difficult to put into words , but it's how you talk about that's relevant , also . what is the enneagram to you ? i think of the enneagram as describing a set of commonly occurring personality archetypes and how they cognitively manifest in people . in psychological terms , we'd ... '