' i'm back again . thank you all for the welcome . i joined this site about four years ago in the midst of some personal tribulation . i tested as an istp initially , and recently i took the test again and tested as an intp . me switching between s and ... me and emotions are trying to co-exist but it's a bit hard . the beautiful thing is that anything can be funny to me . i especially laugh at absurdities and basic human behaviors that they don't even realize they are engaging in . go figure that my love language is quality time ... i've suspected that i am , but i haven't been to a therapist to find out . i think it's more that i let life circumstances mess with me more than the should . i'm bored with my friends too . once i start making more money i will just have to do more things by myself because with my friends , it's not happening . even if i speak up and make a suggestion it ... you can't stop being an istp , istp stops being you . or however that joke is supposed to work . i empathize with your need to run away from home for a little while . i did that last year , just went about it in the entirely wrong way . i agree with some of the fishing suggestions , or even just ... me personally , i don't like too much pda . i don't feel the need to talk and tell you verbally how much i love / like and appreciate a person , i rather show them through , i suppose taking care of them , ... i made a list of goals i want to accomplish for the year , by the month . i feel that will be easier to stick to instead of making a resolution i won't keep . i rage when i feel trapped . when i feel that people are being dumb . when i'm in the middle of a bi-polar fit . * * bi-polar disorder has not been diagnosed , but i suspect it . i used to be adverse to hugs , but now i'm more open to them . i actually am , but i like the mechanics behind that stuff - not just how it looks but how to use it , like makeup books and making your own designs . be assertive , respectful and appeal to her istp-ness . culturalist , academist and pacifists . i don't know specifics , but i think that my family is comprised of a mix of feelers and thinkers , heavy on the thinking , because we don't tell each other shit face to face , but to other family ... i made peace with my death years ago . i'm going through that now . it's been a hard 10 months in my life , being unemployed until recently , and starting a new and often times dysfunctional but loving relationship , and moving back home ... we're in the middle of hard economic times and chicks have to resort to stealing pads because they don't have the dollar to buy them . i like kinda depressing music at times , but lately i am really like that song we are young by fun . holy shit , sounds like my existence throughout my life . i just say try to stay out of the house as much as possible . go to a library , if you can , chill in the backyard with a quiet book . if there ... i had a good one today at work . * male coworker and female coworker are talking about how someone ( seriously ) stole pads or tampons out of the packaging * me : times are hard . male coworker : ... batman of course . the avengers was cool . i'm normally a folder , but sometimes i wad . i smoke . it goes both ways with me . sometimes i'm relaxed and sometimes i'm super fucking off my rocker . good times though . don't do it much at home though ... and i want a better job eventually . all my friendships happen . i wish i was better at small talk , caring about other people , being in tune with my emotions more , grabbing opportunities and finishing what i start . but i realize i only wish for this in order to ... my best friend is one . yes to both . i've tried dating multiple people at once and i fell into a monogamous relationships . i've wanted my relationships to be casual and they end up monogamous . i can do monogamy as long as i see you ... i just tested him and he's an esfp . he is , except for when he's trying to fight me , but i usually fight back and it makes for great make up sex . shame my family doesn't like him because he's off the wall crazy , but in a kinda sick way ... i'm definitely with some type of exfx type . he might even be an ixfx ... not sure because he drinks and smokes a lot which alters his personality . fe types . and my best friend is one , an esfj in particular . i'm guessing that my best friend is some type of extx type and he can drive me crazy with his thinking sometimes . complete silence is my one liner of choice , other than that , it's in the moment . i can be negative , but i have realized that life is a joke and it is allowing me to try to enjoy it a little more . i liked it , purely because gosling was bad ass . it also sucks for me because i work in retail , and in addition to smiling , i'm also supposed to be attentive to the customer's needs and ask questions like are you finding everything okay ? and i ... philosophy is my intp coming out since i've tested as that as well . and college was worth it for me in certain aspects . when i'm drunk or high , you can see it in my eyes , but i'm good at acting normal when i need to . hmmm ... i'm the one observing and commenting on the stupidity of others . usually , i make the group laugh with said observations . i actually have and i don't miss them at all . i concur on food and returning the favor . action oriented things work . i'm not a full blown nihilist , morally ... borderline existential though . i have morals , just not the same as others , and especially not the ones others want me to have . depends on the stress . some stresses ( crazy ass boyfriend ) i am unbelieveable calm . other stresses ( being broke , under employed and feeling hopeless ) will cause me to withdraw . i worry about not being financially secure because of my upbringing and i want to be able to do what i damn well please , and so that i don't have to work or deal with people for the rest of my life . i majored in philosophy after getting out of psychology due to fucking psychological stats ( i wanted to do clinical psych and couldn't see the benefit of me doing math , especially because i don't ... music makes me emotional . i majored in philosophy with a minor in film . i like cars , but can't work under the hood . i must go to miami . something is calling me from there . '