' wirt : istj greg : enfp beatrice : intj the woodsman : ? ? ? the beast : ? ? ? have many of your lawyer peers gone into politics ? making others mad at me by accident and by result alienating myself . disappointing those who depend on me . oh , and scorpions . most definitely scorpions . the history channel used to have a show called history rocks , where they had short montages of famous events from the late 1900s to period music . i thought it was an ... i think sweatshops have positive effects on the people working in them and the countries they're located in . as awful as their conditions are , their almost always better than those of the local ... i don't have depression , so i can't answer for sure , but what he says to do is probably what's best . just having someone there , to have the occasional conversation with or back me up , definitively ... hi there , everyone . this really isn't my first time posting on personality cafe , but it's the first time i've posted in a few years . since then i've lurked here some , but have put off actually ... high school model united nations student council track nobody's taxes would get done . : tongue : i usually use a pencil for little things , but for the more important thing i use pens . i am an avid collector of fancy pens . : tongue : as for style , i always print . i grew up in the technology age ... in 8th grade , we had to do a huge project on the civil war and present it . we were given lessons , books , and any help from the teacher we needed . this went on for six weeks . on the day of ... most favorite : math least favorite : english i'm a huge politics junkie , or just news in general . i spend a great deal of time debating on the internet . i also like to study history in my time , mostly the 20th century . favorite : cleaning the bathroom . the bathroom seem like a cozy , well lit room to me . it gets done fast . i also like the smell of the cleaning materials . least favorite : dusting . there's so much to ... i'm not actual frugal , but i am very financially responsible . i do not get into credit card debt , and a make sure i have money before i buy small items . if i do have extra money i tend to spend it , ... i've only has one take the test , but i'll take a shot at all three of them . esfp ( took the test . ) intj istp it's mainly male , but i think it's just the genre of music i listen to . i like them both . they send of a vibe of responsibility , which is enough for me . 1 . do you remember the first impression when you first met them ? ( if you haven ’ t met one : would you want to meet one and do you think you can get along with them ? ) yes . they seem to be caring and ... this posses an interesting question . do istjs often get pushed into leadership positions ? to the onlooker , an istj would look like a great leader . responsible , loyal , hard working . but when someone ... i am stubborn . i can budge on things i don't care to budge on . ( which is a lot . ) but if i don't want to do something , i won't do it . i get along with leaders fine . i respect and need a hierarchy . the world wouldn't work without one . also , leaders tell me what i need to do . i tend to wander aimlessly without being told what to do ... i made an account , but it bored be . most of the stuff i got was random or worthless . also , porn stars stared following me . i deleted it . i have heard that istjs are drawn to the military . i never thought about going because of the fact i might , uhh ... die . i plan on going into banking . i don't know what position yet . i can not pick up subtle hints . i just can't . i can read emotions about as well as a brick . just tell me if there's a problem . because eye movements aren't getting me anywhere . i have a deep voice . some people have actually mistaken me for an adult . i would not say i find voice a factor in attraction , but as i said in another thread , i don't like extremes . i don't usually give out money . but if i started doing it regularly , even if the beggar is an a-hole , i would feel guilty not doing it . i hope your relationship has improved . no . i almost always follow the rules , and hardly ever disciplined outside of my home environment , because i do it on my own . so when i do , ( about once a year , seriously . ) i don't know how to handle ... i'm not one to open up , but i do have feelings . i am just one to feel very unconferable about letting others know what they are . he may want to know this is actually going somewhere , so sometime in ... do glasses count as physical ? i'm attracted to people who would fall under the meganekko * category , which covers some physical and personality features . i'm also not a fan of extremes . not too fat , ... i sometimes get paranoid , but i don't care enough to find out what people are saying . every time i've broken a rule big enough to remember it was an accident . i was in the bathroom . don't punish me with the rest of my table . i can't talk in class when i was in the friggin bathroom . my ... i don't think many istjs are partiers . i for one dislike them . they rely too much on socializing . i'm not very good at art . if you follow stereotypes , the istj would be horrible at art . but i think you are right when you say any type can be an artist . most people don't fit the 16 molds exactly . i have two friends . one is an intj , and one is an esfp . ever since i was younger , i hadn't liked making friends . the last time i made one was in 4th grade . since then , i've been to introverted to try . skeptical istj is skeptical . maybe it's an outside variable ? are her friends involved ? she could be embarrassed to go out with you . ( no offense intended . ) i don't have enough information to make a good guess , but it's posable . i like politics the best . but politics won't get me anywhere in the future . so i also study economics . i don't understand it as well as politics , but it's pretty cool . first of all , she'll probably get over it . so it's not like you ruined her future . find a way to convince yourself that it's okay . announcing that you have feelings for someone on your blog isn't the ... i don't feel like i'm ' with ' everyone else my age . i was always more mature . when they go home , they worry about facebook . when i go home , i worry abut the political stability in 3rd world nations . i ... how far ahead do you set your clocks ? i don't . which do you prefer digital , analog , or other analog military or standard ? standard do you always have a watch / clock on you ? 9:00 . the hand pointing to the 12 looks slightly longer than the other . also , the second hand is halfway between the 15 and 30 mark , but a bit over . i'd say 20 seconds to 25 seconds . there is no way ... that weird . out of all the things i've been called , an over-analyzer has been the most brought up . i wear pretty much any color as long as it isn't conspicuous . ( no bright reds , yellows , light greens , ect . ) alone , which i am in about 90 % of my free time , i like to use the internet and watch tv . ( thank god for hulu . ) when it snows , i sit inside and watch it while drinking a hot drink . oh , also i like ... yes . but , also , i don't like others knowing what i think and how i feel . it's mandatory to take two arts classes , and i dislike them . i'm given repetitive work i don't learn anything from . i go to a us public school , so i know i'm falling behind european and east ... i'm very good at it . the only time i have cried in public since i was 6 was at my grandmother's funeral , and then i only shed a few tears . i don't like it , though . but i don't like showing emotion ... hello . i hope you have fun . '