' ok thank you ! hmm so 2 gods ? that's interesting . seems problematic . i get it . you don't want to play . been getting promised this one since the beginning of time . by many different gods too . i wonder ... . so much like 5l you are unable , for this exercise , to imagine this scenario ? hypothetically speaking ? conversely i can hypothetically imagine a scenario where i receive evidence in either ... how do you know that ? i qualified it as a fictional premise.the dogma is so strong you cant even pretend ? methinks you do not understand the premise and instead would like to just be snarky .  ... argument from authority fallacy . ones credentials do not qualify the content of their character . earning a degree is not a measure for critical thinking skills . it is more a measure of your work ... my preference is irrelevant . i personally do not believe either is the case . however i do think the distant uncaring creator is the more logical of the 2 premises . this is further evidenced by your ... and this is precisely why you need an authority to dictate to you your morality ? using your premise , you assume that this applies unconditionally and without context . if you apply the “ well being of ... faith is unreliable . that ’ s why i prefer a reasonable set of expectations based on previous experience . it helps prevent cynicism . they do make horrible mistakes . they are also capable of ... i am an atheist , and yet my life is not empty or without purpose . what rules ? morality ? it is impossible to have morals if they are not given to you by an authority ? do you know any atheists ? have ... quote = lord pixel ; 3807690 6 ] well why the idea of a conscious creator at all then , since being conscious isn't even part of the equation if the god is completely unconcerned , and since the big bang ... hahahaha lol if you read the majority of the thread , i have been very careful to refer to god as an it . and yet you found the one time i unconsciously defaulted to he . tough crowd . : cool : well yea in my opinion . given the nature of free will . if you have a differing opinion and can show your reasoning please do . no not exactly . the majority of these interpretations believe that ... several factors but perhaps the most glaring would be the subject of free will . it would seem a being of this magnitude would only grant its creation total free will if it was most interested in ... agreed . that ’ s why i left it out of the equation . this is a whole different topic but just as a means to an end lets just say the only criteria for a god is being all powerful and all knowing ... elaborate . i would love to hear your interpretation of what atheism feels like . lol right . its an anecdotal mischaracterization that sells advertising minutes . this practice continues on both sides , and really is not even worth talking about . the x93alt rightx 94 or antifa or ... someone who stays up all night wondering if there really is a dog . someone might have already posted this one : what do you get when you cross an agnostic with an insomniac and a dyslexic ? they see themselves as a pillar of strength and they are sooo afraid of everything . brown people homosexuals terrorism ( which is the exact objective of terrorism ... a point that is totally lost ... this exactly ... the intp creed he just needs the doctor of looove ! ... inorite ? i don't even see the dilemma here ... seems perfectly natural to me . lets pretend for a minute that irrefutable definitive evidence of the existence of god has just been granted . only instead of the flawed , vengeful , murderous , god who desires to be worshiped and ... its so tiring how much energy people put into making feminists and sjws public enemy number one . yes they are annoying . yes they will give you a headache from time to time . but do they ... aww come on . sounds more like a libertarian argument than an atheist one . you can do better . prove to me god did not create morality . this is not enough . its incomplete . where is the evidence to support this claim . without evidence its just an assertion . this is a complete contradiction to your first point . so you are not an ... not patronizing at all . information is much more easily transferred when the discussion is rational . comments like yours should be given and welcomed by every side of every argument . agreed , ... start with the argument from authority . if you don't have god to tell you whats right or wrong ... how will you know ? its so hard to figure out how to treat other people without some authority ... just look at bananas ... they way they are packaged and fit perfectly in your hand ... had to be made by a creator . every time you see a painting you know that there has to be a painter . every time ... i would want a book written thousands of years ago . by men . who clearly didn't have the foggiest idea how anything works , especially morality or logic . written in a such a way , that its vagueness and ... false equivalency . it really is such a ridiculous take , it does resemble satire . did this thread come from a time capsule from the 50 ' s ? i don't know where you live but where i live , both parents ... the whole premise is innacurate . see below . for what purpose ? do you think his tweet somehow intimidated them out of doing the recount ? if this were the case then there would have to exist ... allow me to attempt to clear this up for you one more time . so far so good . now we are off the rails . im sure you had quite the holy hard on when concocting this alphabet soup , however , try as you might , equating empathy tword others well being as “ blid homogenization ” is laughable . please if you ... no counter argument needed as no argument was offered . sarcasm is the appropriate response to a baseless assertion . this somewhat resembles an argument , albeit not very well . my own words ... don't what ? that is correct it is not an argument , but rather , qualifying questions . what is best for you is most likely different than what is best for me . subjective . it is very easy ( typically ) to determine what is beneficial to someones well being . in most people they are ... [ quote = italix ; 3795515 4 ] orthodox iconoclast yummy donuts do you guys have sources for these numbers ? i'd like to take a look myself sent from my sch just look up percentage of u . s . healthcare ... its easy to claim its more problematic . where is your reasoning ? what is your moral base and furthermore , what is its reasoning ? this is just word salad . sure . best is open ended , limitless and highly subjective . well being is more limited to , not causing someone harm and less subjective . 1/3 is a small fraction ? hmmm seems to add up in every other nation that uses it . i did not say what is best for them . i said their well being . two different things . oh you got me ! aside from secretly loving god , my other hobby is watching people use circular logic , and watching dogs lick peanut butter off the roof of their mouth . which the two activities look ... false equivalency fail . need i explain why ? well ya know ... jesus could grab pussies too ... they let you when your their lord and savior . where is the evidence that these differences are genetic in nature ? why cant they be cultural or socioeconomic or any of a host of other factors ? methinks it is impossible to deny the rights of someone who he does not believe exists ... on a side note , allegedly god is all knowing and all powerful . this means he would know ahead of time ... do not ever receive your morality from a man made authority figure who uses threats and promises of rewards to gain compliance , rather simply base it on the well being of others . '