' two more puppies . :-) 681042 681050 ... finished this one yesterday : 672922 recent client pet portrait : 670090 video : they're acacia trees , which are in africa . ;-) scarlett johansson . ... but that may be wishful thinking on my part . 654682 german shepherd coloured pencil painting on sanded paper completed last night . here's the video : i majored in art , then switched my major to general business ... and then i dropped out and never got a degree . well , i'm an istp , and i've been called a hippy artsy type on more than one occasion , and i am definitely a weirdo , so that may not be exclusive to isfps . ;-) as far as peacemaker goes ... i do ... a combination of a victorian witch's cottage deep in the forest , and a hobbit home ... also in the forest . mountainous forest . 653026 6530 34 653042 congrats ! yesterday i finished this piece ( in honor of april the giraffe ... and also because giraffes are my favorite animals ) . coloured pencil on a 6x8 sanded paper ... 6524986525 06 video of this ... ... honestly , i'm not really a fan of school . i love to learn , but hate school . i never graduated college , but i feel like i probably would have done well in a vocational / trade school rather than ... ditto . i'm from southern california . i currently live in new hampshire . my views on marriage ... uh ... hmm . this is kind of where i feel slightly different from many here . i've always wanted to be married and have a family , ever since i was a child . it's just always ... i have no idea . i'm sitting here trying to come up with some character that i identify with ... but i've got nothing . there are elements of many different characters that i identify with ( or relate ... attempt # 2 of the new technique ( using powder blender ) with a coloured pencil painting ... 6481866481 94 um ... yeah , i'm not sure how much help i can be here . it actually took me a long time to accept that i ... don't really like kids . ( btw , i'm a mom to three children ) of course , i love * my * kids ... finished a coloured pencil painting yesterday using a technique that is new to me ( powder blender ): 6453706453 78 video of the speedpaint : yeah , it's a pretty common interest . that's why tv series , documentaries , movies , etc about serial killers ( and criminals in general ) are so popular ... and why there's so many of them . people love ... of course . a lot of people are . my purse is upstairs ... too lazy to go get it . it's mostly trash in there anyway . old candy , wrappers , tissues , pencil shavings , etc . oh yeah , and keys , wallet , phone . sometimes i carry a travel ... i'm thinking about how pissed off i am at the post office ... and trying to calm down from a near panic attack . eh ... well , i obviously cannot speak for every istp ... but i would say that personally , i'm not too competitive . i'm more of a you do your thing , and i'll do mine . some people will like yours ... a couple times a week . i'm not great at keeping a sketchbook , i mostly draw out ideas for bigger projects , then spend several days on that one project . it was a real challenge to do inktober last ... oh very cool ! yeah , we go to the one in loon mountain in lincoln , nh . lol sorry . we go to the highland festival every year here ( largely of scots descent ) , so i recognized them right away . :-P รณ a dhia ! bagpipes ? stunning . socks are split up into 5 sections : cuff , leg , heel & gusset , foot , and toe . the heel is done ( by using half the stitches - the other half sit stagnant on another needle ) by knitting a heel flap , ... i have a lot of hobbies ... mostly arts & crafts type of hobbies : sewing , machine embroidery , hand embroidery , bookbinding , various paper crafts , knitting ( especially socks ) , and i'm a freelance ... for the most part , yes . when i get into a new hobby / craft , i spend a lot of time watching youtube videos . videos with a lot of irrelevant talking annoy me ( i don't care about your stupid vlog ... i've been married to an intj for 13.5 years . just completed this one today ... there's also a video of this ( as a speedpaint ) . not sure if i'm allowed to post that or not . 639858 i'm a tree stump that turns those who sit on it into squirrels . ... they get better . i have facebook and post somewhat frequently . i don't know what enneagram i am . i've taken several tests and i seem to score highest in 5 , 9 , and 4 . i don't know what that really means , though . ... yep , you got it . :-) i chose irish , scottish gaelic , and hungarian for heritage reasons . welsh , because it's another celtic language that interests me , even though i have no known welsh ancestry . ... for the past 2-3 years , i've been learning irish . i also started learning esperanto , but i'm taking a break from it . other languages on my list ( to eventually learn ): scottish gaelic , welsh , ... isf ... um ... p . good luck with mine , lmao . 637673 i guess i'll post my latest piece . completed this on wednesday . it's just called constructed languages . jes , mi pensas konstrui lingvoj povas esti arto . :-P yes , but i haven't created one . i am in a conlang facebook group , though . to be passive aggressive , obviously . :-) i ... have nothing nice to say . i ... n ? ... t ... j ? i'm not sure . i was just about to say the same thing . i'm not lame . i can't think of any songs that i'm embarrassed about liking . i'm actually watching the video that i just uploaded . but posting it seems kinda spammy , so i'll just describe it ... it's an art ( speedpaint ) video . congrats ! which god ? i don't know car types . my answer would be a self-driving one . green , blue , or purple in colour . '