 enfp just called it sf when i lived there what drives you in life ? what do you look for ? what do you hope to accomplish in your life ? i would like to get to the point where ix92m comfortable and happy being myself . being or acting callous ... i'm bumping this because i would like some more opinions . thank you :) it's fine to an extent , but i don't want it all day every day . intp no . avatar doesn't match mbti type . no . probably istj infj it's all perception no because it's just a glorified free online test , but with a fee . you're better off researching the 8 cognitive functions and putting it together from there . there's plenty of sites that have all ... i don't think jesus would allow that i refuse to be esfp basically , interesting theory , but no . possibly they associate those meanings on a subconscious level , without self-realization . i think it's more that the anonymous online community such as this has ... just a vibe haha because it's easy to pick at . so many people on here , including myself , are unsure of their type . absolutely not . probably an isfj stretching your ears only creates more orifices for the devil to to sodomize . i have no idea if they're intj , but i'll ride them to find out intp i was gifted a kindle and so far it's been great . the battery has been dead for like 4 months :) call center . one day i just went out for lunch and never returned . no regrets . elachi in biryani . gender : male age : - 5 - 5 intelligence : average openness : conservative mbti personality profile : intj uhhh no . i'm not intj . i refuse to be an nj what type would you say has the easiest time reinventing themselves and starting over , no matter what ? including leaving those connected to their past self in wind ? the quiet one with intense resting bitch face . like , if people would just speak to me , i'd be more than happy to talk ... just my face cockblocks my social life . oh i thought you were estp , esfp . just stop doing so many drugs and learn self-discipline . brokenness isn't sexy . estp , it was a bike lock ... how was i supposed to know it wouldn't stimulate my prostate ? you estps are so quick to jump to conclusions ... like they say ' curiosity killed that cat ' and it will kill ... infj , you say the sweetest things . my fe is somewhat developed actually . how is your moral superiority complex ? infj , don't you have some soul searching bs to do ? how's that fe ? i bet watching the news cripples you guys beyond repair . esfp <--- this doesn't even work well in gay porn , never mind the work place . infj , esfp : bump it's difficult to answer this thread . our dominant function is so innate and borderline subconscious that analyzing our ti process proves challenging . since it's our dom function it's basically ... i'm not intimidating i'm just aggressively contemplating / observing . welcome <3 group hug or orgy ? i'm allergic to those . proceed with caution as my reaction may be erratic . * plants plastique explosives underneath infj's bed * infj : stop pouting and moping and go to sleep are you hitting on pumpkinspice ?  mademoiselle ? je ne suis pas une femme . :D but yes , you win some and you lose some . lately i've been quite rusty with understanding my audience cause i've been socially isolated for a few months now ... i always strive to be funny me leaving this thread : scoobyscoob i found a gif of your erratic driving november ... pumpkinspice ... i see a theme ...