' stressed - i'm moving for the first time in seven years . i have so much clutter , neatly packed in so many little shelves and drawers and organizers , mostly craft items and momentos . and lots of ... i really hate stepping on people's toes . but sometimes , people put their toes in front of me , and the only way to move forward is to step on their toes . it hurts to do this . i keep asking myself , ... does your university offer part time student jobs ? these are often short term ( semester-by-semester ) so if you don't like them you can try something else the following term . when i was in ... i got type 2 as well , the most common result i get from quizzes , so at least for me its consistent . some of the choices are pretty obvious which type they are referring too . others ( like the month ... i'm 35 years old , and as i have gotten older it has become easier for me to accept that i don't have all the answers , and that it's ok not to know everything . in fact , its necessary . that idea ... i usually just use gender neutral terminology when possible . for example , i might write what is your dream romantic partner and i usually refer to people of unknown gender as they . this works ... i find it helpful to make external commitments , and challenge myself a bit with external deadlines . then the real world gets louder than my daydreams , and it helps me focus . if my commitments are ... are you allowed to have background radio / music or wear a headset ? when i'm struggling with a wondering mind when doing tedious tasks , i find it helpful to listen to music , talk radio or podcasts . ... something like this . i've always dreamed of living in a small forgotten house , half overgrown with vegetation . but i have to say , i love the picture of the village posted , the one with ... i really like how music box answered this . i don't really expect my friends to completely understand me or relate to every aspect of me - regardless of whether they are s or n types . we just ... yes , 90 % is politics , and i'm not even sure what's correct and what's an opinion / hearsay . i guess i should take a social media vacation :d ry : i don't think my facebook news feed displays a balanced perspective , and it's really bothering me right now . very interesting thoughts , although i'm not sure that i entirely agree with some of your analysis . although i identify as fi-dom * i don't really relate to that analysis ( and as an aside , i ... i'm very tired , and my feelings are hopping around like poison dart frogs at a zoo amphibian exhibit . it's been a really long and stressful two weeks , and i'm anxious about things i need to get ... i love that feeling when i lose a favourite hat and then i actually * do * manage to find it in a lost and found bin . i love receiving phone calls - i use a cordless phone with a headset and clip it to my belt , so i often talk with family members while doing crafts or working around the house . i always keep the ... this isn't nearly as brave as most of the other posts on this thread , but i'm just heading out to a grocery store that's a half hour walk away , and it's dark and it's snowing outside , and it * feels * ... i learned how to make perogies by hand today for the first time ! i usually test with a weak preference for introversion , a moderate preference for intuition , a strong preference for feeling , and anywhere from a weak preference for perceiving to a moderate ... cricket i am so sorry for your loss . your grandmother must have been a very special lady . take care of yourself , and i hope you get some sleep tonight . i saw my neighbor's poinsettia out by the trashcan this morning . it was vividly green and red and looked healthy and unwilted and i thought maybe i could bring it inside and keep it . when i touched ... there actually are programs that bring rescued dogs and prison inmates together ! who rescued whom ? shelter dogs and prison inmates give each other a new ' leash ' on life | the huffington post hmm , interesting . i got infj too . although i didn't put in education , i did put in things like research , philosophy and logic . i went back and re-took the test , and these are the choices i made ( i ... i almost always play support / healing classes when i play rpgs , so at some level i do gravitate towards that role . as for being a healer in real life , i relate to what you posted : i think ... i'm feeling tired out from socializing . i wanted to get some work done this week but i've caught a cold which is really wearing me down . all the tables and desk spaces in my apartment seem to ... i try not to be sad when celebrities die , but i am actually really sad about ... i made all the important telephone calls to family today . and then for supper i made wild rice with onions , mushrooms , dried cranberries , and a spoonful of butter . it really , really delicious and i ... i like to put myself to work during holiday celebrations . if i'm at my place , i like to be busy cooking something in the kitchen . if i'm at a relative's , i try to volunteer with food preparation or ... i usually score 2 on tests - although i'm not convinced i'm a core 2 , i'm fairly certain my heart fix is 2 . my scores are below : type 1 i always think holidays are difficult for a lot of people . they're difficult if you're lonely or if you've recently lost a loved one . they're difficult if you're far away from your family , but ... arwen 7 did you change your hair colour or is it just lighting or a special effect ? either way it is beautiful and really suits you ! when i think about it , * all * my favourite songs are ... i'm feeling thoughtful and a bit tired out . i stopped at the thrift store today after picking up my winter bus pass , and i decided to buy an old sewing machine , because i'd like to get better ... i am feeling sleepy and a little bit silly . also , i am looking at video clips of pyjama squid ... i like taking walks in the same woods in different seasons and over different years . my usual woods is actually a bikepath area between a fenced-in traintrack and a river in the middle of the ... i'm going to be doing something a little bit brave today . i'm helping my friend run a sewing workshop - and i love sewing - except i'm much more comfortable and skilled sewing by hand than with a ... i just wish there was such a thing as socks that don't wear out :d ry : i hang on to my old socks far too long , mending them so many times they're hardly comfortable any more , and their toes get so ... i've read too much about the things i want to understand , and instead of finding answers i'm about to lose my way . i think i am both wandering and lost . maybe i can't see the forest ... i'm feeling like my brain is a file cabinet that's been tipped over , and my papers have spilled out of their folders and are scattered across the floor . and the folders need new labels anyway , ... i do have silent periods - not just involving loss of creativity , but also loss of focus and concentration , in general . i'm not sure if it always helps me to try to force myself to be motivated - i ... if it was purely for fun , i think i would like my superpower to be a sense of smell like a dog . there would be so many interesting implications - i could figure out things about different people , ... 613410 this is me , trying to be professional . i'm feeling tired and slightly stiff in the shoulder . my desktop computer wouldn't start this morning , and i called a tech who thought it was a hard drive issue and said i should bring it in for ... i can be very expressive depending on the circumstances , but i also prefer smaller groups . i've been told i have animated facial expressions . i've never been involved in acting , but i really love ... i do identify with shyness . i think for me , shyness often involves a fear of being judged and also a fear of stepping out of line and making someone else feel uncomfortable . for example , i ... i'm feeling happy and surprised ! a old roommate who didn't reply to my last email for 3 years finally wrote back today and wants to get together for coffee on friday ! i had figured i probably ... 6123866123 94 my two little fish hanging out together under a rock ( left ) and one of them emerging to look around ( right ) . i have had them since early may , but they have just learned to eat ... i'm feeling really cold . it's raining wet snow outside and the streets are full of water . i was splashed twice by cars on my way to work and my jeans and thermal underwear are wet and muddy and i ... i did something brave last week - i participated in an anti-pipeline demonstration in my city ! i realize that i don't ( and probably can't ) fully understand the complexity behind this issue - but ... my two favorite snakes are smooth green snakes ( aka grass snakes ) and northern redbelly snakes . they are both very small and gentle .  ... my early new year's resolution is to be more careful of energy expenditure . i'm planning to make greater effort to optimize power usage and do things like unplug my chargers when not in use and put ... '