' i'm going to have to disagree : you say potato , i say tomato . no , seriously . i can't speak for all infj's , but i have no propensity for putting up with dating games , or gender roles . why should ... one of my best friends is an infp , but he does some things that are tremendously annoying . the whole concept of respecting someones time is completely non-existent with him . we've made some pretty ... i'm currently a security guard . intj's reproduce asexually . sorry , dude . ; ) sensing doesn't even exist with me . i pushed like , 5 times yesterday on a door that said pull . and i was going inside to grab my book - - that was underneath my arm . the only time sensing comes into ... depends on who's brazilian jiu-jitsu is better . i love arguing with people , especially alpha-males at parties ... you want to go bro ? ? ! ! ! yes . yes i do ... by the way , this one is called a standing ... does anyone know ( or have a pretty educated guess ) if / which professional fighters are infj's ? i've seen on other forums that most fighters tend to be ixxj's and some of the most successful fighters ... i'd say i use both fe and ni depending on the situation . if i'm teaching a subject , especially if it's technical , i use ni to determine if the person is really understanding what i'm explaining . if ... this sounds like some pretty heavy , controlling , misogynistic type stuff here . if you can't deal with her doing those things be a true alpha and tell her to slam on the breaks or you're leaving . if ... japan is all about conformity and discipline . very un-infj . we're only emotional basket-cases because we can see a panoramic view of reality . most people carve out a niche and live in a selected segment of reality , because it's a safe play - - i believe that ... i'll give you my top 5 list in order : enfp enfj infp entp intj i despise harry potter and everything that has to do with that series . totally corny , even for a children's book . the fact that adults love harry potter , frankly , is sad . oh and i never liked dick ... no . you're conflicted on lying to yourself and others in order to save their feelings , versus being honest and telling people what they probably need to hear , but don't want to . for lack of a ... i don't know about other infj's , but i'm a hardcore individualist . if your inner voice is telling you that what you're doing seems fake and it doesn't jibe with your character , you should probably ... it depends on who is writing spider-man . most of the time he changes between the introverted thinking types . intj , infj , and infp . she's told me some very important things about her vault , but she drops them into causal conversation like they aren't a big deal . i don't know how to explain or describe it , but i always stop her ... this is what is missing from the world : absolute strangers helping other absolute strangers ( in a very profound way ) without expecting anything in return . maybe life isn't as bleak as i imagine it to ... damn dude . that was fucking beautiful . you're 100 % right ... my only hope is that , if things progress , she will take my word that it's very difficult for me to have self-confidence , but i try ... hi ! i'm dating an enfj right now , and i'm worried that i have too many emotional / social hangups for her to deal with . although , she hasn't acted like they bother her so far ? i'm worried that my ... that's very sweet of you to say . it makes me want to gather all the i / enfp's and i / enfj's together for a huge compassionate love-fest ... in a totally non-dirty , non-bohemian-hipster , sorta way . i planted one on her ! she's a sweetheart ... i'm having a hard time typing her though , maybe that's why i'm intrigued ? ? ? this is awesome . i went on a date tuesday ? ted ! ! don't forget to wind your watch ! 120 miles away ... and a canadian citizen . you're worried about texting her ? ? ? what a humble thing for you to say ... #irony infj hate is typically jealously . not to be a snob , but most of us are typically on a higher plane than the majority of the population ... in every way imaginable . it's a tall order being a type ... you lucky bastard ! ... if i knew a cute enfp chick i'd totally fight through a crowded room just to talk to her . just tell her exactly how you feel and why . every detail , even if she has to stare ... i get pretty angry right before doorslam mode ... you wouldn't like me when i'm angry ... dude , you're crazy . i'd lick the sweat of an enfp chicks teeth . i don't think directness is a flaw at all , just don't be a dick . i think female entp's probably missed their proverbial middle school ass beating for being insensitive regarding their opinions , ... this is a huge turn off . i don't understand how you guys are my natural partner - - at all ! enfp's on the other hand ... <3 33 there is a way to be direct with someone without being ... is it me , or are entp females really insensitive ? the two that i've met seem to think that it's okay to be brutally honest / insulting with someone if they don't like them . both have also admitted to ... nothing new ? ? ? what ? ? ? ! i agree about the beatles , but i'd call pink floyd overrated ... alan parsons , however , is underrated . alright ... why is the boss overrated ? i hate other infj's , i've only met two of them , both female . i've only met two enfp's , both female , they were awesome . so , infj ladies , step your game up . ; ) enfp's <3 i'd give up on the world if it weren't for you . list em ! anger is the infj's super-weapon , swear to god . embrace it , you won't be sorry . it's really hard to make me angry , but when you do , hooolllyyy shhhiiittt ! i rarely get unjustifiably angry , i could probably count the times on one hand . my justifiable anger towards a person ... but seriously , i used to approach girls pretty often and power through the shyness . recently i've grown pretty tired of always making the effort with ... what ! ! ! pfft , you guys are the extraverts ! what if i'm too shy ? question number 2 ... how do i get an enfj female to approach me ? i guess i really want to listen to 90 ' s metal today ? i must be subconsciously angry at something ...  hey , i know this is vague , but i heard a song at the gas station briefly and i can't identify it . i think it might have been from the 70 ' s or 80 ' s the lyrics were something like this feels like ... confused girl 28 '