 i live with my family at the moment ; my fathers side . i wasn't raised with them and has been probably the worst living experience i've had . father-esfp step mother-esfj kid half sister-isfp ... when you selectively ignore people when you know them well enough to assume they will never have anything moderately interesting to say . people who are illogically emotional and overly sensitive . i have no empathy it pisses me off when people come to me and i have to pretend to care :'( . unless they have a real problem its hard for me ... 44293 i just finished drawing my own versian of baby yoda : 3 what types repel infjs , what types are most likely to get on our nerves ? what behavioral and thinking differences do sensing and intuitive types have ? what are some examples of s and n type behavior ? i distance myself from most people even close friends often , but if im truly intimate with someone and we have mutual feelings i want to talk with them and be with them a lot im not sure if that ... its as if you are writing the premise to my very being i space out all the time , i actually must look so dumb when i do it because i look out into space or unintentionally cross my eyes lol what are things that could be said or done that could earn the respect of an intp ? my boyfriend is an intp and im an infj i feel like he is most pleased with me when i am stimulating my mind or his ... being misunderstood , not being able to express my ideas or feelings outloud , subconsciously judgemental of others , perfectionist with my passions to a point where it holds me back from achievement ' ihave a better idea ' personally i love being alone , sometimes my recharging times can expand to about 5 days where i avoid human contact and hang out by myself in my room all day . this may seem like some sort of bi polar ... i used to smoke a lot of marijuana , it was a mental habbit because i honestly always had the worst highs , it just didnt work for me , this was what it was like every time : i become extremely ... when people breathe with their mouth open ... fucking stop nothing turns me on more than intelligence , enddd of story my boyfriend is intp and we go together like ramma ramma ka dinga da dinga dong . sorry grease moment , it wont happen again , b ut we get along great , like best friends with a romantic relationship , ... im usually awkward while trying to be cool , yet still just acting like your buddy but paying more attention to you if were in a group . i sort of make it obvious when im interested in someone because ... im a deist which means i believe a god or higher being created the universe but does not intervene with mankind on my dark days i usually am just exetremely quiet and reside in my dark room and dont leave , because on those days i find it hard to tolerate humans in general and just being around them annoys me , ... a typical outfit for me would be a band shirt wih a cardigan tights and canvas shoes , this is what i wear year round , i usually wear mostly black but i like reds browns and earthy tones , i dress like ... why are we called the protectors ? protectors of ourselves or others ? i just came to terms with a deep fear i have , which sounds silly , but is the fear of success . who doesn't want success right ? i do want it but due to my intense perfectionism i never allow myself to ... reptilian humanoids exist ! that is all it takes everything in me to find the motivation to work out but once i start i love it ... but ... sooo .. lazy 1 . i play guitar mainly acoustic , piano , and some bass 2 . self taught for all , cant read a note though as did much learning by ear and experimenting 3 . ive been playing guitar 5 years and bass for ... i hate when people live materialistic fake lives and have no depth to them , and place so much value on appearences and judge others appearences , basically people who remain loyal to societies rules , ... 39050pencil crayon on cardboard . sure do love surrealism well when i do leave my cave , you might find me at some sort of art store or class , maybe a music show , possibly folk or metal , or at a party sitting with the stoners which is a great place to be ... you know youre an infj when youre walking down the sidewalk alone and see someone coming in your direction and you cross the road diagonally just to avoid the inevitable awkward stare you woud have ... i made a cookie tower and ate it whole epidemic of hate by dying fetus , ambinent bath time music , if youre in to death metal and such 38997 this is me and my neutral half ass smile face do any infjs have any relationship experiences with intps or vice versa ? i was wondering if theyd be a good match for eachother , or possibly drive eachother insane most of the time im a cave dweller and avoid all situations due to my social awkwardness and uninterest in human interactions . but sometimes i surprise people for when going to social gatherings im ... hello fellow infj :)