' true , sadly not many have felt like participating in it : unsure : , it could be so helpful if more isfp's felt like sharing their point of view : wink : 64114 genova , italia 10 characters : laughing :: laughing : ... hey one question , by any chance , can ( privileges which come along with sparkly names ) be transferred ? ? ? ... if so , will you befriend me ? ? ? you deserved the extra glitter you ... ... how come does your name looks sparkly-er than anybody else's ? ? ? did someone add extra glitter to it ? it does look lovely indeed , congratulations you robot ! ! ! : kitteh : 60019 enzo-doglet posing for the camera made me smile today ... oh speeding is a magnificent experience that cant be beat ... : laughing : ! ! but i am careful not to do it on very busy roads : frustrating : . still the whole experience of driving is amazing , specially ... you have no idea what you are getting into girl ... : laughing : ! ! this book will truly blow your mind away : shocked :: proud : i found the link to the downloading of the book : louis berman , md : the glands regulating personality , fascinating research this man did , i cant put it down , thanks ! ! ( i will look for the second one ... : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : ... ! just try not getting distracted ( today ) by any glittering objects and you shall do just fine in your test : tongue : : laughing : why do you find this thread scary ... ? ? you are a t , a letter away from us isfp's , are you a lot more focused when driving ? i will let you know once i have gotten into it , it's great your interest has been aroused : laughing : dfoster seems to know quite a lot about it , i was pleasantly surprised at that ! ... ( wish there ... that's right , there is a lot more than meets the eye with this typology system and its worth exploring in more depth . when i found susan zannos book i simply couldn't put it down . the very exciting ... originally posted by dfoster ... i read susan zannos book human types : essence and the enneagram several years ago , definitely worth reading . thanks for sharing , too bad very few people seem to know about this enneagram ... 58755 psychology - reading - writing - sculpting - photography - drawing - eastern philosophy - jewelry design - films - hiking - nutrition - cooking - sewing - gardening - yoga - meditation - musing ... i saw your video it is both witty and funny : laughing : , thanks for sharing : kitteh : ! i think ' j ' types can certainly help us perceivers put ' our feet on the ground ' , i believe most of my relationships have been with j types , i admire them greatly , - but i still wouldn't want to be one ... - ( darn how can i delete a message which i might have posted twice by accidenthttp :/ / personalitycafe.com/images/smilies/1/frustrating.gif is that a privilege reserved for the vip members ? ) even when i prefer introverts , i can relate both to introverts and extroverts . i enjoy sp types , they are very easy for me to get along with . between perceivers over judgers i find p's more ... very pretty indeed : kitteh : ... are you an isfp ? you remind me a lot of an infp friend that i have ... - it is the e . m . p . the experience music project , in seattle i love that building : kitteh : ! ! 57768 i like your photo cityofcircuits , do you recognize where was this photo taken in my beloved seattle ... ? there is nothing wrong in being called a ' weirdo ' , being unusual or uncommon is never boring : kitteh : : wink : very nice and cozy apartment , nice details , i love the lamp behind the chair , cool lighting ... baby calves in italy ... 55501 sounds good , lets pm then ... i looked at her features carefully and it looks just like her-i am almost certain it is maria felix in the photo . she was a very famous ' diva ' . i couldnt find the same photo either . if it is she , and ... i am pretty certain she is maria felix what do you think ? 5544255443 they are both pretty nice images , the one on the left looks like some paint works from mexico done on amate paper ( which is rare now since it is the bark of a three ) . is that the black and white ... it actually takes more effort than money ... a lot of the things i have decorated my apt with , i bought at garage sales . i simply altered / refurbished them ... it is fun . being surrounded by beautiful ... so did actually make and uploaded a video which she deleted a few days after uploading it ? ? : laughing : ... mmmm that sounds so familiar ! i can be impulsive and eventually i have regretted ... from personal experience i don't find that strange at all ... i have a passion for art and i love minimalism as well ; so i live in a two bedroom apartment , i keep my bedroom nicely decorated with ... it is a great image , i am sure you will accomplish that if you have such love for photography ... i will reply 2u in more length in a private message or reply in visitor's messages : wink : it is a drawing from 1927 ( 4 years before his death ) but it is simply breathtaking , i know i was very very lucky : laughing : yes once i start obsessing about something i love it is difficult to think of anything else and devour it and must find everything about it , the 5ness kicks in frequently for this matters : laughing : ! ... you were very lucky to have found a great photograph for 15 dlls , specially if you love it ! ! yes can actually see some of his works online , his name is philip leslie hale who died in 1931 , ... yes , definitely ! i have been obsessing for the last 3 hours doing research on the artist who created the piece of artwork that i bought at the public library christmas sale today . i obsess about ... buying a beautiful piece of artwork at the public library christmas sale , and finding out later that the artist is being auctioned at christie's made me smile today ... it was actually more of a grin ... i actually love driving and i have a pretty good sense of direction , i usually know where i am going ... the problem is that i get distracted visually and that makes it unsafe for me to drive : laughing : right , as said it , if you were able to get her phone # you might have a good chance with this girl . she could be taking her time , from experience , i do not rush into anything . have you ... : laughing : that might be the only way to get some isfp ´ s to show something of themselves recorded , it would be interesting if that could be accomplished though ... :p roud : yes it has crossed my mind making a video but i dont think it will ever happen though , due to shyness and being somewhat self conscious .. : unsure : if you add to that the fact that i am not an ... this is almost freaky ... i totally relate to what you are saying , it is as if you had extracted those words out of my mind ... : shocked :: laughing : i am not alone in this world , yeeey ... : tongue : ! it is amazing , so it seems like not being very articulate is a trait among many isfp ´ s . i had no clue of that , i feel somewhat relieved - that i am not the only one : laughing : .. i have never been very ... i scored 61 % which is described as a borderline introvert . which makes total sense , since i do not have difficulty interacting with others , it is simply that i might choose not to ( the majority of ... i personally love being an introvert . it has always puzzled me why introversion has such a negative connotation , i have always found that very strange . i love relating to introverts , i prefer them ... i do relate to every single comment i have been reading from fellow isfp ´ s . alone time is a need , i cant have enough of it . i have traveled and lived in several countries on my own and i loved every ... '