' every night me and rusky used to scout the park , scavange the pines and lost baseball cards by the swingset . every day that we snuck out in the early morning i'd always know what to expect - rusky ... i need someone's opinion on part of a story i've written . i'd like to send the link through pm if possible . it's about 3,400 words and i'd like to get it right . changed it many times , but i need to ... there was a little teenager a bit sassy happy living her days in life's caddy rolling skies over scratching rubber , eyes never told her - her fantasies neck she sniffed could descend so rapidly ... ever feel that moment of emptiness frolicking , passion stunted diminishes howling for retribution or just some soothing but friendly witnesses step with a mind of a exhibitionist . whats my ... gotta heal from the bottom of my barrel , tackle the pharaoh , subtly lift the poison inches from it's mark of cerebro getting seizures marching met wrongs , my fellow head strong they tell us never ... muchas gracias ! thank you in advance . the edit button seems to have disappeared now . please , it is for the best , i've been trying for the past month's . i've went through the marshes while a devil was trying to make amends to his with utincels hovering armegeddon rebeliant rebels dig my heart and call for the seeping willows cus no fellow can ... eyes open to the feeling of dryness feel i've slept for awhile cant move limbs hugging with death and realized just another morning by mother in captivity greeted by weapons our village ...   for the longest time i've been a bag of mustard in the rain . wonder if i'm just a passing piece of space or whatever this is , that i just can't comprehend and created this whole reality . your comments prove this theory further for me my created delusions ... i don't even know half the time where i'm at , yet alone others . there's a presence that constantly needs but i can't give it an answer . it ties to a root from history , people walking from because i can't answer . it's not commitment its just there's no answer i ... left in the corner with demons surrounding with my suffer intentions planed longer my goner if listened this bliss when hissing a natural instinct to get a whiff of then take a lickin their ... 53110 53130 left to demise i arrived to the collage in strive before my sight her bright presence incite a lessened vein to rise digging from the stressin when i heard her confession the purity left in me ... i worded what i ment wrong . yeah nothing forced me to introversion . i pretty much had s . a . d since kindergarden . i faked extraversion till highschool , even with faking im the same . i regret my whole ... i completely understand , and live through that everyday as you do . i just went to warm up some food in the kitchen where my family was and my mind went blank i was looking down , my dad said ... i used to have like character voices and imaginary senarios in my head that i used to help me concentrate like id imagine that if i didnt do my work by a certain time then majin buu would blow up ... does any one here have s . a . d ? ive realized that social anxiety played a role in me becoming introverted . i couldnt be more social if i wanted to cause i fail at conversations , even ones that ... i cant fit a pen in my mouth . a method i found a helpful was thinking of things that make me bust a gut laughing . thx roze , lad . i must have really sensitive eyes because i cant keep them open and ... i have noticed i cannot do certain things in public anymore without looking rediculous . its like one little small doubt enters my mind and then i erase it but that one little doubt causes damage ... are you a model ? ! i still remember word for word how i was rejected in first grade from my 1st crush ... its something i dont think i can ever forget , it was terrible for my confidence . i wish i could go back in time ... idk ... 0.0 im clueless youtube - soul blade intro youtube - sonic 2 - speed run - part 1 these are the days of my life r . i . p childhood . hey arnold , doug , coughdbzcough beautiful stuff roze . lmao @ no work afternoon : i am stress free and it is raining . good day for starbucks at barnes @ nobles , and later eat at ihop close to the window where i can hear and see the rain . night : watch my team win a nba ... morning : afternoon : night : write as long or short as you want morning time : waking up at 5am to a cold and foggy day , warm up some hot coa coa then tip toe out side because everyone else is still ... im only 19 so take my words as ( raw trying to cook ) , get on your grind and grind it out . if you real then im absolutely positively sure your time will come . i for one dont give a flying ostriches ... you rock my world , i just wanna cook for you 24/7 and do all your nasty desires taaakeee meee ... nah jk haha . it would be your my love , my everything . you baby , your the only one for me . i ... sonic 2 ... all day everyday no matter what you say . real is what you gotta continue to be . idk how you go about looking for acceptance , but i would say find a different crowd who can appreciate the real . i would say if they dont like you by appearance only then fuck em sincerely . dont change your appearance to impress others , the best features of one is usually natural . it hurts alot im in the same ... beauty is everything , everything is beauty , if everything was nothing how could you call it something . =) beauty is the thing everyone looks to bring out of themselves , not realizing that your ... i dislike when a tv drama / movie builds you up and gets you so into it you feel like your part of the series , only to have an ending that doesnt end . i really dont like when my shows end period , feels ... hi =( i dont much either i get the butterflies and wonder how to get quick to the point . even when ive done so its just one close friend . i think the easy answer is nerve . like : 1 . can be wise 2 . value everything in life 3 . i feed off emotion dont like : 1 . virgin 2 . i read between too many lines 3 . i dont like change 4 . stubburn when i was a teen i was always the odd one out . i tried to be more energetic around others but i always got tired as soon as i socialized . i could not figure out how i got so tired . id always lay ... cant really think of anything im usually calm and collective 24/7 . i can disagree with someones actions but not pissed off . coffee shop . preferbly starbucks the sexy thing about us is we are accepting no matter who you are . luv the vids . sweets your a very motivational speaker . i feel the need to start writting poems . little piigrims progress this christian book is very creative and takes you through obsticles of getting into heaven .. why are you so quiet speak up what ? - when they clearly heard you ... i try not to rhyme but theres this thing in my mind arranging my verses , it searches , curses an delivers them on time words breathe like the vines photosynthisis from the sky if you enjoyin this lil ... get mad at the alarm clock that you set to wake you up because you hate being told what to do . then sleep for one more hour . '