' i didn't want to date anyone here the last time i was active . i'm willing to see if things have changed since then . she's probably an unhealthy enfp . i know one , and she's pretty much the way you described your friend . and i'm almost positive my friend is an enfp , based on interactions we've had before she had ... this thread makes me happy . i think this might just be a people thing . some people like pants , some don't , but i really , really hate them . i just took off my pants actually and now i'm doing the no ... i don't believe in the zodiac , but to be fair , there are a lot of people who believe all of this is also crap and is not scientific at all either . am completely done with and over fake people . the responses were three years ago and they were troll responses . flirting is fairly harmless and who anyone who does tell you they think you're a whore for flirting is stupid . ... i don't unfriend anyone , pretty much ever , but i get unfriended a lot . i don't let it bother me usually . i have over 500 friends , all of whom i know or grew up with , but if i don't talk to you on a ... i honestly don't give a shit if you don't like enfx . you seem like a waste of time yourself . i wouldn't brush off all intjs because some are awesome . regardless , some people aren't worth the time , no ... i am an enfp teacher . my kids say on a regular basis that they think i'm insane because i have them act things out using arnold schwarzeneggers accent but then later tell other teachers they love my ... what is strax ? also , what's with people skipping jack and mickey ? 1 . i am still afraid that dinosaurs will be brought back and i'll be eaten by one . 2 . i hate applesauce with everything that's within me . 3 . i have cripplingly low self esteem . my uncle once told me when it was storming outside that the rain was god peeing , the lightning was his poop and the thunder was the sound of him farting . i was traumatized for quite a few years about ... from what i remember of myself as immature : 1 . irresponsible and blamed others for it . 2 . really fucking stupid , but thought i was the shit . i really was not . 3 . thinking that i knew everything ... i am a middle school english and reading teacher . i adore it with everything i have in me . it's hard sometimes , it doesn't pay very well , but the benefits of seeing my students go on to high school ... usually test 7w6 with 4w3 very closely behind . i have an iq in the 160s and suffer from adult add . i don't take meds , but have learned to cope with it mostly . 148 is a fairly high iq , considering 100 is considered average . the best party i've ever been to : 1 . lotr marathon with lotr themed food / costumes / trivia games . 2 . movie marathon and board gamepalooza ( my friends in ohio have a huge party whenever i visit and ... student : i'm writing my paper on jewvery . me : what in the world is jewvery ? student : you know when hitler killed all the jews . me : that's called the holocaust . me : let's wish mary ... she is making fun of your appearance . as to why , it's because she is jealous and insecure or you looked ridiculous and no one wanted to hurt your feelings by saying it out loud . my favorite subjects are history and english . my least is math . i was never good at it . gene is exfp . he's so freaking weird . i love him . i'm starting to question if i really am a 7w6 . i see myself more as a 4w3 , but when i take the tests i get 7 . however , the description of a sexual 7 doesn't line up with how i am . any thoughts based ... gwennylou 7w6 , 4w3 , 8w7 sx / so / sp probably . i'm like all optimist all the time , until i am threatened or stressed and then i become a fatalist , in that i believe the world is going to end , nothing will ever be good again , and life ... i tend to not have a super active social life , but when i do go out and do things , it's usually something epic . like spending hours at amusement parks , going to an amazing concert , going on a random ... v for vendetta lost - sawyer and kate mainly . i also had characters i loved to hate . mystery and lots of theories to discuss , fun to watch with other people . one tree hill - drama . romance , sports , murder , and ... i've never tested as anything but enfp before , but i guess it's possible that i've mistyped all this time . i'm 32 years old . i'm adding captain jack harkness from torchwood and captain jack sparrow from potc to my list . i had this happen last night and i was on a rampage for like four hours . i'm a teacher and i don't normally say things to my students , but there are times when my students are ridiculously mean to ... i have no idea what the hell kind of clubs you're going to , but no one likes the drunk assholes who are belligerent and rude . from what i've seen being drunk usually leads people to being more ... 1 . inception 2 . fight club 3 . star wars ( original trilogy only ) 4 . princess bride 5 . you've got mail 6 . the prestige 7 . the sound of music 8 . lord of the rings / the hobbit 9 . amelie 10 . life ... because people tend to be drunk . even einstein would like an idiot if he was at a club getting hammered . if you are looking for a intellectual conversation the last place you should be looking is a ... i'm going to say something that is harsh , but it needs to be said . just because you were best friends with some one in high school does not mean you should be as adults . my best friend all through ... if you are looking for intelligence in people you find at a club , you're not very intelligent yourself . just saying . so , anyone else have the modes where they turn into super bitch ? for some reason , especially when people piss me off and trigger one of my core values , for at least a few hours , i'm on , and by on , ... oh honey . don't even bother . i am a 32 year old female enfp and guess what ? i have maybe five female friends i would ever consider hanging out with . the majority of my friends have been males my ... i wish i had read jane eyre when i was a teenager . that book changed my life and i didn't read it until i was 25 . girl names i like : sophia , nora , emma , ruby boys : brendan ezekiel ( name i've wanted since i was like 15 ) daniel maxwell / max i don't like applesauce . * prepares self for shit storm * i like way too many tv shows . but here are my current favorites and my favorites tend to change . although my top one so far hasn't . 1 . lost - sawyer is the reason why . 2 . one tree hill - i like the ... today has not been great . in fact , it ’ s been not great . so not great in fact , that i am close to the edge of sanity and reason . it ’ s been one of those , everything is messed up and hurts and makes one ... 125617 and yet you have a wolf as your avatar . you just seem confused . all you need is a picture of a coyote now . this is literally one of the saddest songs i've heard about unrequited love . it's about a guy showing up to his exes wedding . he's still in love with her and he has to tell her congratulations and ... what do you mean could fall for ? have fallen for more is much more accurate : 1 . faramir - lord of the rings , is my true love . i am destined to live destitute and alone , because he is not real . 2 ... amazing spider-man 2 . i was not too happy with it , because of things related to my name . '