' just remembered i had an account on here , and while looking over my posts , i noticed on a different forum the following was posted . figured some might be interested . thanks ! arthur : isfj ... personally , although i have always set my purpose in life to helping others and creating amazing artwork , my dream since childhood has been to get a boat , get a rag-tag group of men , and sail / explore ... as an estj dating an infp , i would have to say their : - breathtaking good looks - bodies of marble sculpted by a master sculptor - angelic voices - incredible wit - smooth love-making - successful ... i scored 68 aphrodite - exfp athena - intj hera-esfj persephone - infp demeter-isfj artemis-istp zeus-entj our favorite men , myths , and legends . here is my guess from the top of my head , so let me know what you think and feel free to include additional ones ! i know there are many more . thanks ! satan ... i'm 21 , and initially i was absolutely surprised at how young most of the people are on this thread . then i realized ... we're infps ... wisdom saturates our dna ! hey everybody ! so i've noticed throughout the past years that the people that are surrounded by others are usually rude , crude , and dead on the inside , while the people who tend to be by ... ah , here it is ! - empathy starting at 2:20 hey everybody ! i recently saw a clip from glenn beck's show in which he correlates empathy to nazi germany , stating that , basically , empathy is what began hitler's reign . he then finishes by saying ... first off , if that is you in the picture , then you are absolutely gorgeous , and i am not being nice ! i used to have mild ocd , and my face was the main target . what helped me to overcome the ... i know what you're going through . the world is an extremely unfair , cold , and evil place , and having the epiphany of all of that can slowly eat away at a person . i have found that , for me , looking ... ahhh , memories of me at my first high school dance . the day that all of the girls in high school began arming themselves with pepper spray ... found this ( proud brony ) , and couldn't resist . more infp goodness - combining utmost adorability with sheer strangeness ! i'm asexual and bordering aromantic also . i consider myself a romantic , but not in the lovey dovey sense . my being romantic , which i think is the archetypal infp romantic , is that i just have a ... while i'm reflecting on my childhood , i'll add some pokemon ( the day personalitycafe lost any credibility ) ! ! ! mew as infp and mewtwo as infj . celebi as infp , luiga maybe ? can't really ... reading through this thread , i just had to yell nooo ! ! ! at the mentioning of chuckie being infp . ever since i was 6 , i loathed chuckie with every inch of my heart and had dreams of him being packed ... elephants are known to have quite an inflated ego . you have to show your dominance , good sir ! ! ! that's horrifying ! ! ! if meant to be taken literally , that is ... thank you everyone for enjoying ( why am i thanking your enjoyment ? ) , but i wanted state a warning for those laughing : please do not forget to breath afterwards ! hey everybody ! i'm coming out of my den to ask a question concerning infp's being attracted to sadness . i have noticed that , at least once a week , i find myself spending hours on youtube searching ... ... ay dios mio ... amen sista ' ! that is great , and i'm proud of you for standing up to that bully ( you're well on your way to attaining a doctorate in awesomeness ) ! another thing with infp's , at least for me , is that ... while i've never experienced sex ( really no interest ) , when it comes to romance / making out i tend to be a mixture of gentleness and child-like wonder mixed with random wittiness . wit / snarkiness is ... ahhh yes ! very good ! p . s . - i notice you have 666 posts , and in your pic a woman , i presume to be you , is sitting on a dog . i'm keeping my eye on you , but not in the mating sense ( not the season ) . the infp male is known to utilize a vast array of mating signals . most prevalent are vocal ticks / noises ( especially grunts of varying tonalities ) , provocative dances , chest beating , incessant ... i know what you mean . i tend to not only have constant gut feelings , but my feelings tend to evolve into a string of this will happen-then this-then this-then this feelings . when my prediction ends ... i'm an asexual that's romantically interested in women and androgynous men . of course , being an infp your mileage may vary on my definition of romantic > > ex . - sitting next to esfj woman ... i see the archetypal infp as the phantom of the opera . one moment we're having beautiful dreams and showing utmost gentleness and love , and then we start throwin ' punjab lassos and blowin ' stuff up ... i could see body image being equally dangerous to both extraverts and introverts . for me personally , being fully self reliant and lonerish helps combat any body image issues - if i were to be ... one more thing i would like to add . being an artist myself , i have found that when i am in public and am judging people on their physical appearance , i always find at least one positive feature and ... * before meeting me * - what is your problem ? ! sheer introversion * after meeting me * - are you gay ? ! - being a smily , calm , and sweet guy will have you getting your sexuality questioned * after ... i'm currently rockin with jim brickman . i'm in that ... jim brickman mood ... why you hatin ' ? this or that jeopardy or wheel or fortune - jeopardy , but only when alex trebek's moustache is hosting spicy or sweet - sweet and / or spicy . don't you even think about givin me bland food ! ! ! roller ... i think i remember a study that was done on this , and the results were something like this . men are more visual when it comes to attraction , but far less picky on what is attractive . for example , ... how about suffering for a little while to make some money , and then either go for # 2 or # 3 ? if you can't find a great job , don't be too prideful to go for a medriocre one . you gotta hustle , and ... applying personalities to the numbers helps very much ... or maybe i'm just crazy ... momz : isxj pops : xstj my experience is one that's very personal . for background , in the summer of 2010 my grandma started to develop alzheimer's disease , and started having strokes that left her in hospital after ... i do , but usually with strangers . it never ends well . hi hi ! ! ! and thank you for stepping into the light ! ( i've been wondering what that sound was ) ... hmm ... i used to chill with pollux back in the day , but he never spoke of his sibling having a ... good day ! i gladly welcome you aboard the chaotic and mind-altering experience that is this website . now , it is time for initiation . are you ready to leave the world you once knew ? goood .  ... first off , great post ! i agree that i . q . is a fairly stupid concept , but i think the societal view of intelligence has always had a constant skewness towards ignorance and an insecure herd ... hey everybody ! i recently read a variety of arthurian legend books over christmas , and i noticed that nowhere online does it mention the mbti types of any arthurian characters . i figured i would try ... preach it sista ! and a big thank you to everyone who has replied ! ! ! hey guys ! all of my life i have heard and been told that , basically , success = wealth and power . for my own life , success is ( 1 ) helping others , ( 2 ) having fun / being happy , and ( 3 ) being true to ... oh yeah . i hold a doctorate in daydreaming ! something that you might want to consider -> the guy that you daydream about ... what if he is daydreaming about you ... ? daydream that ! p . s . : what if ... i think it is perfectly normal to be borderline for certain letters , and i believe that you would still be an f , just not full blown f . i'm a full blown f , so all that means is that you are a far ... i just tried this ... oh god ... somebody please call ems ! ! ! '