' : frustrating : ___ i have a ticket to bolivia lol but i just realized i have to pay 160 dollars just to get into country and have a bunch of documents and can only stay there for 30 days ... will my avatar show up now ? ( don't like this one much but don't feel like looking for another ) how dare you ( for real i hated this movie more than anything i've ever seen ... i don't think it's 2ish at all ... maybe more in the 469 tritype range . so much ... philosophically self-defeatingly ... i like robert just on a personal level . he's just a beautiful character to me . i don't think renly would make a bad king . didn't like what they did with him in the show though ; he was much more ... anyways , yesterday i was reading this analysis : together with this : ... but i see the sps dropping off like flies : shocked : beginning with robert ( ugh , i might miss him the most ) and not ending every time an stj is born the gods flip a coin ... not familiar with many movies so gonna do tv shows instead stop me game of thrones - 6w5 the office - think it's essentially a 9 show , by theme , even though i believe main character is a 2 . ... signorina misteriosa it's funny how much your stepmother experiences sound like my father experiences : laughing : like could be the same story and i love my father and all that but certain people ... that was head type incarnate ^ gossip goat yeah you definitely sound like a 6 : laughing : ( didn't delete my latest posts in time :( ) in my personal view of the enneagram types don't tend to look up to their integration type because their integration type is where they fell from grace ; integration type is ' that idiot who got me ... no - of course ! i should connected my points more ; i meant that for me , my integration point and moving there tends to feel negative which i think is because - to really integrate you have to ... maybe but in shitty way unfortunately 2 still goes to an image type line to 4 reminds me of ... i was such a free-spirited child but people didn't really like me , not that people like me all ... i mean they kept telling me that students were complaining about my classes , but i don't understand why because i thought my classes were good and it seemed like the students liked me i hate that ... quit my job didn't really mean to but my supervisor was giving me some comments and it just happened so fucking sad they were obviously going to fire me at the end of the month i think and i was ... : laughing : good memory ) ) are door skills really istj though ? ) ) yeah but i have no faith in typers on that forum , also i don't post there so people don't know me ) ) actually , aren't all my collages ... super istj ? ? ... really like your avatar btw signorina misteriosa , keep meaning to mention it but then it disappears hard even to explain why i'm like ... going to change it in my official thing / signature , suddenly just clicked i mean things have clicked before but ... idk someone suggested it elsewhere and so it was back in my ... i wonder ... if anyone can see istj for me ( sorry i'm not more caught up on this thread , perc keeps taking forever to load :( ( ( ) this is such an annoying behaviour :( i don't understand it i often feel this way ) thing you said about being a kid made sense too , i think i was less siish about it then ! but it's one of those things you do as a kid to be good so i liked to do it . . . arya - sp / sx 8w7 ? sansa - so / sp 9w1 ? not really sure , just my general impression well , it is actually a problem / confusion for me but thanks anyways i like this idea . i think i've even had this happen with ne exactly happens a lot on this website haha but in life as well me : ... go . no ) if anything you're more ... varys-ish somehow ? and i don't know his type , maybe 5 ... guess it could be 3 but idk it feels weird ... but it's not a perfect metaphor in any case i still think 3 is an ... everything in the enneagram is a human thing . it's about the neurosis and fixation . pretty much everything in any enneagram type might show up in any individual person given circumstance etc . i'm ... i'm interested in this typing always thought 3 seemed wrong and 8 seems more or less right but 2 is an interesting second choice ... i'd be lying if i said i didn't relate to him at all : unsure : ... why won't he leave the kitchen it's been hours what can he be possibly doing in there at 9:30 at night still this isn't counting several straight hours through the day i want to kill my roommate i want to kill my roommate i want to kill my roommate not sure if it's just my computer , but no other website is having this problem for me . trying to pull up individual threads is a real chore , and i usually need to refresh several times to make the ... i mean , i'm very afraid of overselling myself and then disappointing people haha not up on / interested in conversation at hand ( lol i tried to read it but felt like i was missing something ) this is just about me : star : been wondering if i'm 2w3 instead of 2w1 , discussion of ... aww i actually like the bran = night's king theory but i like last hero = night's king so much more don't like them together though recommend everyone check out this website btw if you haven't ... been thinking more about why littlefinger's death and why it bothered me ( besides the fact that i was sad lol ): the first question is : did he deserve to die ? because i'm fi and can't not i have ... considering sx 9 i was realizing how much i need to be like ... woken up but not like i'm asleep ... like i'm frozen in stone . and what i mean is ... i need another person to wake me up , i was just ... oh i'm going to miss littlefinger : crying :: kitteh :: ghost :: lovekitty :: violin :: ball :: ghost 2 : type ? ( feels possibly valuable because it seems like my self-images clashes with mother's image of me )  ... ugh perc keeps completely failing me on my computer and my phone is so useless it's why i haven't been posting / thanking , literally can't get to page most of the time so excited that i'm here rn ... - theon is the boy raised by wolves - and of course tyrion is the dwarf offering people ... george rr martin's writing is so ... beautiful in detail and evocative , it seems a little si to me all day , will had felt as though something were watching him , something cold and implacable that ... ooh the laurence olivier one ! haven't seen it just seriously love laurence olivier i don't understand leash thing is that a sign that i am syn-flow ? '