i don't think i can go back there though . i know its really unprofessional to not give them 2 weeks notice , but i just don't think i can . i will not be putting this job on my resume so i am not ... about 3 weeks ago i got a job as a market research interviewer . i have social anxiety disorder , however i thought pushing myself into leaving my comfort zone would be good for me . it was a really ... my bed is basically where i live its kind of sad really ... bulbasaur and staryu for sure 23496 23497 chef , cartoonist , astronaut , doctor , zoologist , ecologist , teacher and so on thanks for all the ideas ! hey infp's ! what has been your favorite job you've had and why ? i don't really know what id like to do once im finished university so i'm hoping to generate some ideas : tongue : . thanks : happy : i feel a bit depressed but i have no idea why kid cudi - man on the moon yeah sorry im just stressing out about choosing a career im having a really hard time deciding what to do do you think an infp could do well as a paramedic ? do you think we could handle the stress ? anyone know of any infp career tests online ? thanks for the advice ! :) do you think an infp could be in the military ? i been thinking a lot about joining the canadian forces either the navy or army but im not sure if id be able to handle it . im currently in university ... mental peace for sure , im currently working two jobs and they pay ok but i despise them both . i am constantly dreading going back to work its terrible im always stressed . i cant quit until i find ... lost , house , misfits , doctor who , band of brothers , departures yeah i guess i was just thinking about it to much ill just thank everyone lol lol dang it i feel like im offending people when i dont reply to their posts , especially when i reply to some but not others . does anyone else feel like this or am i just thinking about this to much ? your totally right thanks for the advice man lol yeah i was thinking of making up a lie actully i feel kinda bad that i found another job i dont want to offend her ( even though shes a bitch to me lol ) . yeah this is so true thanks ! yeah i was thinking of writing a letter to but its still scary because i have to give it to her and she will probably ask what it is for lol hahaha i wish i had the balls to do that no problem this was actually really inspiring thanks ! yeah my boss is always blaming me for everything it makes me so angry . shes always working me like a dog to while her and everyone else slacks off . i find it really difficult standing up for myself ... about a month ago i started working at this kitchen job and i really hate it . everyday after work i feel physically and mentally drained . its just very stressful and i dont work well under stress ... when i use to take effexor ( venlafaxine ) for my anxiety i would get lucid dreams all the time . this one time i actually created my own world and i was in complete control of my dream it was awesome ... go blue team ! lost , the greatest show ever created i really like ultimate marvel it would have been cool if they based the new x-men movie on the ultimate x-men . the mainstream marvel universe is alright to but its just kind of hard for new comic ... i took effexor ( venlafaxine ) for social and generalized anxiety and it helped me a lot . there were a few annoying side effects though like night sweats . it also gave me very weird and vivid dreams ... dogs are awesome , cats are cool to though computer , t . v . , bored as sh * t my moms mixed race , black and white ( american and british ) , and my dads jamaican . yeah same im a type 2 thanks for all the advice everyone , i really appreciate it i dont really read books that often but i do love comics . im a marvel comics fan , ultimate marvel comics specifically . one book i really liked though was rule of the bone . haha thanks will do im having a bit of trouble finding a job right now . ive been looking for months and i still havnt found anything . im on summer vacation right now but in september ill be returning back to ... i think my mom is a infj and i think my dad is a istp if i could have any super power id want the ability to fly . i live in canada while my girlfriend lives in the u . s . and it costs a fortune to travel these days , so if i could fly there to see her that ... i was actually thinking about joining the army here in canada but i dont think id be able to handle it . id miss my girlfriend , family and friends to much and id probably cry getting yelled at all ... im really stuck on what i want to do career wise in the future . ive just finished my first year of university and it feels like time is just flying by . im being pressured by friends and family to ... i have no idea what my calling is i wish i new . its really starting to stress me out because time is just flying by and ive already just completed my first year of university with still no idea what ... im really lazy but its hard for me to get motivated its not a book but ive always wanted to be stranded on some crazy island like in lost , i love that show comics , tv , sleep forgot to add the trailer defiantly the new transformers movie coming out this summer . even though the last two movies had kind of crappy story lines , the action was friggen awesome . ive loved transformers since i was a ...