' i agree with cursive - - i like a good balanced dose of masculine / feminine traits . my husband is infp and is balanced in that regard . maturity is a must . i get turned off by over-compensating , ... funny , i have a similar relationship triangle : i'm an istp female , my husband is infp , and best friend is intp ( male ) . i don't think we have the same issue , but i think i can understand why he ... my infp husband's results : 11 quality time 9 word of affirmation 6 physical touch 4 acts of service 0 receiving gifts there is no single action or series of actions that will cure you , but i suspect you already knew that . it will be an indefinite span of time , so slow that you just forget you were in your head ... i've still been dating my entp , for about 5 years . and i agree , maturity is pretty much a must with this pairing . but when that's present , it could be such a rewarding relationship for some ... man , this seems like a sensitive subject . but i think one point is fairly obvious : you may be all for it , open and willing ; he may not . i think this sounds most likely : as you mentioned , ... join a team league , like kickball . seems to be a good way to meet people . i've often equated my distaste for displaying my emotions publicly to my desire to not draw attention to myself . and i too have wondered if this was a result of my childhood , since i've preferred to ... i would say it's mostly c for me - - especially when i'm around other ti folk . c . ) impersonally defining the facts of a situation , then criticizing the poor ( or praising the excellent ) logic that ... i'm a . net programmer and love my current job as a software designer / developer . i've been in one other programming position before , but it was mundane trouble shooting tasks . i was good at it , but ... i can totally see istp / entp couple ! :) ( i'm a istp chick with an entp dude as well ) i could see infp for gaiman . and yeah , shadow from american gods was istp . richard from neverwhere was isfp . ouch :/ i hope you're doing okay with all of that . your relationship sounds just like one that my estp best friend got out of with an istj . it was also about a year , and brutal to watch . she ... wow , that is pretty rough . :/ i'm sorry you're going through such a sh * tty situation . it sounds like you both really care about each other , and that you have an overall good relationship . but ... i will say it's easier to talk things out with a more socially adept person . it can be hard to talk things out with my intp best friend . i feel awkward and uncomfortable with his responses , like , ... i really couldn't say what this istp is thinking or feeling . but being up front will definitely clear things up . and if he's anything like me , he'll try to respond positively if you are clear with ... if it were me in his shoes , i would prefer to just grieve in private . i really don't like my grief to be out there , except with those absolutely closest to me . part of it is i just don't have the ... i avoid unnecessary drama . if it is necessary drama , i'll deal with it . but drama is draining either way , and i definitely don't enjoy it . thrill seeking doesn't have much to do with it , ... sounds like a complete jerk to me . some unsolicited advice : don't waste your time trying to compromise with him in any way on this . his behavior isn't the type of thing to compromise on , and it ... it certainly would . my perception only comes from him , his dad ( who has since left as well ) , and that book . so i am by no means claiming any real authority on the matter - - just what i do know , ... i am somewhat familiar with the community - - my long time boyfriend is an ex - jw , and we've discussed his past life pretty extensively . regarding you being recruited : truth be told , if they're ... both are good , but season 1 seemed more ... substantial some how . raawx : yeeesss . i very much agree with your typings ( ~ 98 % ) it's true that i'm primarily present-oriented , and my life is here in the present . near past and future ( by a couple of weeks / months , maybe ) is a close second . and i don't think about the distant ... i agree with the above posters that you should continue to show your interest from time to time , but let him do the majority of the initiation . if you don't hear from him in a while , a friendly ... my heart goes out to you . sounds like a really crappy situation . petitpèlerin is right , in that this is childish , and probably utterly irrational to you , but i think this is at least a ... lightbox - first off , i hope you're closer to some kind of resolution about this . i can empathize with not feeling like your needs are being met , regardless of the circumstances . i have to agree ... cohle is so ti / ne ( intp ) it hurts . marty is an estj . one ne type response that comes to mind : marty : do you believe a man can love two women at once ? cohle : i don't believe man can love ... this . it seems like you're very focused on how your boyfriend treated you unfairly . and if your boyfriend was the one posting on the forum , i think all of our responses would be geared towards ... hmm ... i couldn't really say based on the differences you described . but i will say , i've met istjs that seemingly don't like routine . it's funny , i sometimes feel like istjs are my complete ... i couldn't comment on most of them , but v always struck me as an introverted thinking or feeling dominant , and more ne than ni . inxp maybe ? it would take a lot to not accept my child . it would probably involve being destructive to themselves and / or others . and even then , i don't think that would affect my acceptance of them or my ... it depends on what you mean by chance . a chance at having the same exact relationship ? absolutely not . a chance at re-defining or creating a whole new relationship based on marked ... yep , what everyone else said . i might also add that from his point of view , he may think his response put it back in your court . as in , he made it clear that he cares about you , but doesn't ... hear , hear . i think this is a concept most everyone's heard . but i don't think most have truly grasped the significance . i don't know about you , but when someone tells me this , i feel defensive ... saying nothing does not equal illogical . it's just picking and choosing your battles . hypothetically , how would you feel if some person who was a strong or intense debator corrected everything you ... why does being non-aggressive cost you your logic ? and does he know that you feel this way at all ? just curious ... what does he do for a living ? i know that my work as a programmer makes me in a sort of troubleshooter critic type mode a lot of times . i have no problem challenging something ... i don't even know if this is on topic anymore based on some of the latest responses buuut ... i've always been convinced that the christian apologists c . s . lewis and timothy keller are intjs . ... i think istps ( along with any type really ) are perfectly capable of abstract thought . i personally quite enjoy my in depth conversations with my intp best friend . but it is pretty crucial for ... also , a few of the previous posters have a good point here : what you think is a problem , may not be something they think is a problem . and that's another thing that can shut me down . if ... as a little sister to an intj , and a few intj co-workers i interact with a lot , hopefully i can provide a little perspective :P 1 : why do istps avoid sorting out problems ? based on my experience ... it sounds like there's definitely something going on beneath the surface . is there something that comes to mind that you could have done to her ? it might have even been something you did to someone ... my point being , you will never really know how much she may or may not be thinking about this just as much as you are , based on her behavior alone . the only way you'll find out is if you just jump ... whenever my friend freaks out about a guy or a situation , she sounds hysterical and / or obsessive to me about every possible detail ( she over-thinks things , which i think is pretty natural to aux ti , ... i can definitely relate . and as you said , i think i set myself up for it as well ( in reality ) . doesn't make it hurt any less though , and i think rationalizing it , even by telling yourself , well ... i can understand why you brought up the story . i think i would be tempted to bring it up too , if i had that sort of information . but in my experience with dealing with difficult people ( and it has ... my best friend is a female estp , so maybe i can shed some light . 1 ) is it common for estps to turn friends into lovers ? in my experience , estps ( of both genders ) have no qualms with turning ... this sounds pretty sh * tty , and you sound really emotionally stressed about it . i'm sorry to hear that . this guy sounds kind of scary and crazy . i can't tell you if your decision to confront him ... it seems to be a pattern that i congregate with other ti'ers : estps , entps , intps . i would throw istp in there , but i don't know all that many istps . they're also difficult to become close with :P '