' put it this way , my parents have been married for close to 30 years and she still doesn't share certain information in regards to her feelings with him to keep from rocking the boat . i've found that ... as an intj myself , i can see where you are coming from in terms of having a difficult time understanding isfjs . i've never been involved with an isfj romantically , but my mother is one and sometimes ... haha . i guess i'm aware of what i am . i have an isfj mother as well . she's a 2w3 , i'm a 5w4 . let's just say that we rarely ever see eye to eye . we love each other unconditionally and get along well enough , but can rarely be in the same ... i'm a 5w4 , but everything i like is entirely different haha . very , very different . i love the books as well as the shows . i really love asha greyjoy and the lannisters . especially tywin . daenerys is a really annoying character and i hope she ends up to be like her father . and ... do you not give a damn about causing collateral damage among others for the sake of getting your kicks and sating your whims ? i'm going to count this as a two-part question do you not give a damn ... maynard always struck me as very intj-ish . i'm glad i'm not the only one to think so . i don't really put much time in to studying . i never have . my plan of attack has always just been to pay attention during the lecture and do the readings / homework as it is assigned . surprisingly , ... i never have and probably never will feel any pressing need to fit in . mainly because i never could be bothered by it . some would say that i've always been too lazy to put any effort in . plus i ... if this makes any sense at all , i tend to feel the loneliest when surrounded by people . to deal with this loneliness , i usually just seek solitude . i doubt this seems logical to anyone . i guess i ... considered it . tried it a couple times . never worked . best : istj middle : isfp worst : infp i'm a little curious to see how you guys feel about alcohol , so i thought that i would ask a few questions : 1 . do you drink ? if not , why ? 2 . how often do you drink ? 3 . how old were you when ... i just hit 1 and then the 30 second button on mine . i find it to be the most expedient way to do it . this is rare , though , as i usually microwave in a pattern of 30 seconds , stir , 30 seconds , stir , ... that's it . i'm kicking your ass - hank hill ugh , my people needed me and i failed to answer the call ! i do that . more often than i'd like to admit . plus , the weight of the textbook helps to flatten the cover again ... yeah . i get to typing at work and muddle the two . thanks ! unless he has expressed in the past that he would be okay with surprise parties , i wouldn't do it . from my perspective as an intj : if my significant other told me that he was taking me out to ... unless i see some sort of personal gain coming from it , i only help others that i really like ... while i agree with the above posts about not assuming she had feelings for you , let's say she did . she may feel like you have led her on and now wants nothing to do with you in order to protect ... while i can honestly say that i stay my usual responsible self , i have to admit that i become very active and out-going . i constantly want to be doing something devious , demand there be music ... my istj boyfriend is similar . he attributes to thinking back on it to his se function . i'm gonna have to say it's definitely no fault of my partner . he actually should have a degree in sexy time skills . it's all me . i can't seem to get out of my head enough to just enjoy sex as it ... yes . this fits me almost 100 % . i get more aroused thinking about sex than actually doing it . in the moment , i kind of get bored with it . then afterwards , i think about how erotic it was ... i'm going to have to agree with persephone on this one . unless you feel that you need to have this girl , disengage . do you really want to deal with the games ? do you think they would stop if the two ... i adore playing with makeup . i like to alter my appearance frequently to keep myself from getting bored with my own face . i like playing with color combinations and styles . i'll go from neutrals to ... i guess i fall into this category . other music is fun , but metal is really the only music that stirs my emotions . i was asked , but never had any interest . believe it or not , i'm not really one to like all the attention . i think that's another reason that i didn't invest much into the above conflict . i just ... sadly , i've never had a true nemesis due to the fact that i've always felt intellectually superior to almost all people who have challenged me irl . most of my nemesis situations happened when i was ... i'm just going to sit here and pretend that i never studied how to play it when i was a kid . i'm also not going to mention that nobody will even play chess with me anymore because i have a bad habit ... i consider myself to be more spiritual . i believe in a higher being , but detest organized religions . i would agree with the inventory theory . he has certain responses and facial expressions that he uses specifically for certain social situations or when he is uncomfortable . most people fail to catch ... amen ! oh dear lord , bending a book at the spine . don't get me started . whenever i have a paperback , i don't even opening it as wide as i could to avoid creasing it . i have a friend who cracks the spine of ... i personally prefer to just avoid situations in which i am stuck with people . people in close-quarters annoy the hell out of me right off the bat . i don't think i could stand a roommate situation ... as a child , i was raised in the same home as both my parents and my grandmother . i had no cousins around my age who lived nearby . we lived in a rural area , so my brother and i were the only kids in ... 1 . the fountain - one of my favorite movies and one of the rare ones that give me all the feels . essentially , it's just a movie about hugh jackman trying to cure his wife ( rachael weiss ) of cancer ... i think i fluctuate between the scholar and the lurker depending on my surroundings and the people in them . the more comfortable i am , the more scholarly i become . i wouldn't say my istj is much of a fe user at all . nor does he really understand fe . he just senses it . then avoids it . you should see the esfp forum . almost all of them are hufflepuffs ... i lose my temper very rarely . when i do , it is quite bad . i try to keep a calm , level head and confront people in a cool and collected way . however , there have been a couple of times when i have just ... green , gold , orange , blue . i mutter mental checklists aloud to myself sometimes . i makes them seem more concrete . i think i said that totally wrong . what i meant was more along the lines of what you said , i just didn't really relay that clearly . in the sense that there is no strict set of rules and behaviors ... i think what bothers me about these threads is that they all pertain to individual tastes . they have little to do with being an intj . i have a horrible time understanding fe . i feel as if it would be a recipe for disaster . why in the world would i want an infp ? i can't help but wonder if you genuinely want children and a partner , or if you feel like it's an expectation placed on you by society that you have to fulfill . '