' athletic physique with strong legs and core strong enough to support all kinds of dynamic bends . ... good for you if you need that kind of consolation . ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ if the aim of the thread is to bring up sensitivities that we should get rid of , it needs more than some blabbering spam . it needs a controversial , emotively charged statement . you are all ... dexter fan ? about introduction of hypocrisy in arabic lands from 3:40 : so now we know where this comes from :  ... acataleptic checked for you some new game makers , making the stuff pretty easy to learn for beginners . trial is free ( you ... you mean strengthening u . ? intp part of forum is necessarily a part of that . not that people here are viciously competitive , but it seem that almost ... definitely do support his interest in coding . the problem of course is not seeing a lot results in the start . problem with clubs is that lot others may not keep up and intp loses interest until he ... your title is misleading . average is clearly defined and not matter of opinion , for that see unless you want ... if neurotic caregiver believes others are there to eat it's baby ... straw is flammable . sticks are flammable . bricks are non-flammable . compression and tension strength of brick is on average higher than straw or sticks . insulation coefficient of straw wall ... inspiration . a clear goal . free fast motion - flying , skiing . fight . all starts with armor with this , if you expect to get close : shotgun : falchion if ... what the heritage foundation tells is quite well founded in wikipedia description of the events with an emphasis on the quote of ambassador sidi haji abdrahaman and comparing it to nowadays jihad . ... not much i can help with , but i guess he won't bleed his heart to you until he makes rational decision himself . inf fe in my experience tend to assume that putting a burden of own emotion on someone ... no one is advocating just shutting the state in a blink of an eye without transitional period . perhaps watch a summary of david d . friedman's machinery of freedom and some of his talks on this ... show must go on ? yes they do . some libertarian think those are necessity or are preferable -> minarchists some think otherwise -> anarchists state is a monopoly of ' justice enforcement ' ... history of philosophy left you quite some treasure to help yourself . we should care for what is good for society , because when society fall to pieces , there will be enemies at every corner . compliance to prejudice is not about good society . feeding overweight ... back in school i did not worry too much about physical violence ( they can win , but if it hurts them thy will not find you in it ) , but no one was that stupid to bring a knife . in nature if it's life ... either you can find them online in the game , or you can try to find and connect through those making youtube videos about the game where you can see how they play and how they think . that can a sign of a stress . i ? all i did was to teach some preacher of european one-sided exploitation of brown people some history of relation between europe and middle east concerning the matter . when i saw the following ... related to idea , truth is based on consistency of thought as ruled by logic . related to objective world it is based on consistency with that world and only verifiable to the extent to our abilities ... so democracy does not work , but you suppose that the people who cannot make even fair choice for themselves will do good to find the fines among demagogues to make decisions for them and all the ...   slightly older pic images of things do not weight as much , though sometimes our head can barely carry those leaving some behind every second . actually the link you provide shows exactly what i wanted to express - the ambiguity and i actually love this interpretation as i never saw the previous interpretations to capture it and that is why ... in the above it's not a blanket denial of objective truth , but seems aware of it being put in relation to us as subjects with a particular perspective of things . [ / quote ] well i do not have context ... but you can , because rationally deciding current level of epistemic uncertainty does not mean one cannot understand or have experience of intuition . western thought do not reject intuition ... [ / quote ] i would like you to pay a bit more attention to detail . i suppose huizi and zhuangzi are of the same species and even the same culture , hence it is categorically different case . ... apparently you are not ( in general sense ) . because you sound like a broken tape . your fantasies about my supposed fantasies are becoming less and less amusing as a repeated joke gets old and ... a ) i said when states make shitty decisions ... as you said when people ... so what are you trying to say ? b ) should i take it as an implication that you meant all people are making equally bad ... in hot summer a polo , light beige trousers , linen sports-jacket ( blazer ) , light brown suede leather shoes , aviator sunglasses . a shirt instead of polo if t's not that hot . spring and autumn ... oh please entertain me with notions why would any social doctrine make any sense for someone living in isolation . i am really curious for your rationale . what is the significance of system of ... oh i could co-author that . keeping things platonic ii : with categorical imperative they kant touch you out of sight , out of mind ii : the social life of thinkers and creatives is it ... i almost wanted to make jokes about usualy intjs having avatars in thematically very formal clothing ( like godfather based ones ) while mostly wearing t-shirts and casual stuff . nice to see someone ... this is actually what libertarianism is all about - reducing the potential effect of shitty decisions on others . if we lived in isolation libertarianism would be non-sensical ( i have already covered ... great argument against democracy , just swap ' companies ' with ' parties ' . by the way if people make bad decision about themselves , they have good opportunity and reason to learn . if they make bad ... what if huizi said instead ( as western rationalist would ): but i am human being as you are so i have experience of human limitations . i cannot prove you do not posses unique powers like telepathy ... it must have been some 15 years or so since i read it on a vacation in spain . perhaps i should revisit it as much of both blends in somewhat hazy memory . i have also read couple of short stories - ... “ if you know the why , you can live any how . ” ― friedrich nietzsche the basic need in life is a sense of meaning . it can be career , it can be family , it can expression ... it's important to know ... after all we all stand on the shoulders of the same giants , taking perspectives of our liking . i suppose it's harder and harder to feel original as human learns his history and culture . what i ... not all libertarians are ancap , all ancap are libertarians by definition . only difference is that ancaps would leave the law-making and executive power to a market without monopoly of state . ... ideological shift something teacher cannot ever do . teacher can only show the ( deductive ) path from information to conclusion in a straight way so ... : laughing : also marxist cannot even agree on how to interpret marx . i do not expect you to be persuaded . i am not that naive . what i expected however is to correct factual mistakes and the most obvious straw-men . hence the quote . you should first and ... it boils down to whether he is rather extrovert or rather introvert . otherwise guessing exact hierarchy of functions is quite unreliable imho . focus on the behavior and tendencies he displays ... '