' non-conformist your confidence , imagination , and creative spirit make you the non-conformist . you are not interested in following society's dictates - you prefer to think for yourself . you are ... why would i admit my fears here for anyone to see and use against me ? * shifty eyes * ... a hufflepuff ? why do ... add me to the list . i've always been doubtful of my type and this shall be interesting . ti te ne si | ni se fi fe intp = ti , ne , si , fe ( missing te ) entp = ne , ti , fe , si ( missing te ) istj = si , te , fi , ne ( missing ti ) estj = te , si , ne fi ( missing ti ) i'm having the same problem ... violin and violist right here . don't make any orchestra joke comments , please , or you'll be headed for treble . my grandmother has always been this way and i had not actually put it to thought as to what she was , but now that i have read the characteristics of narcissistic mothers i can safely say she fits ... i find it ridiculous that there are so many stereotypes about the different hogwarts houses . ever since closed beta ended and pottermore opened to all , there's been a lot more inter-house fighting ... what i really want to know is the real algorithm behind the pottermore sorting quiz . intp and a hatstall ravenclaw / slytherin combo . chose slytherin , then took the test again on a new account to receive slytherin in full . looks like i'm a snake ! what is your name ? what is your quest ? what is your favourite colour ? and what is the airspeed velocity of a laden swallow ? umm .. i don't really have much of a preference . does it really matter ? i scored an 8 , which is surprising considering how badly my eyes screwed up on the first bar . good lord , that test messed with my eyes . my mistakes were in the aquamarine and the baby blueish merging ... oh hush , i already know the answer to life , the universe , and everything . i don't need you to tell me . it's obviously 42 . intp : don't box me in . i got 67 % , but i have a feeling that's due to my getting bored around question 3 and just selecting at random . i really don't like taking these ' tests ' . i end up looking too much into them and take ... i'm ambidextrous . no option ? oh well . i think the left vs right brain theory is bullshit , anyways . angels whisper softly i hear you in my dream sometimes guiding me by the hand a simple wish with the lightest chimes and the softest whisper helps me up , teaches me to stand dream or ... * intp lurker shamelessly comes out of hiding on the infp board * dude , hold my drink and watch this ! 5w6 , 3w2 , 1w2 . hello , my name is inigo montoya . you killed my father . prepare to die . i tend to enjoy being whatever the hybrid class is , but usually one that can heal . i figure if everyone dies then what's the point of going into an instance ? someone has to keep everyone alive , so i ... i did it in three . then i thought about it and figured i could do it in one . although i would like to protest the use of the 9 dots for the outside of the box mentality . why thinking x93outside the ... we tend to be more graceful with our word choice , though . we are intuitive . we are legion . we do not forgive . we do not forget . expect us . a way out . i'm type 5w6 . just a random thought , but did anyone else get a kick out of seeing pint spelled out ? might just be me .. interesting . this might hold some truth , i keep having internal arguments about my type . i sometimes think i am j , then other days a p . occasionally , i even think i might be f or s , when i get into ... intp - i don't really have a favourite colour . i hate choosing favourites because i don't really have a problem with any of the colours and all colours are pleasing to the eye if used correctly . i ... you know you're a thinker when you read and study posts by f-types simply to try and make some sort of sense out of it all , yet you still don't understand . your score : 13 0 - 32 = low ( most people with asperger syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20 ) 33 - 52 = average ( most women score about 47 and most men score about 42 ) 53 - 63 is ... i am friends with a girl who shares the same name . she is an isfj ; however , i am not . we get along quite well . i've been lurking as an anonymous guest for the past few months and i finally decided to make an account . i'll probably rarely post if ever , but i look forwards to reading just about everything here ... '