' i'm a sucker for adopting houseplants that people would otherwise throw away . sadly , i'm all out of window space , so now i have to turn my back on houseplants that need new homes . * sob * my first relationship was with an extrovert . not having enough alone time brought out all of my worst qualities - i got bitchy , resentful , and passive-aggressive . i'm not going to say i'd never date ... if all you could feel was his thrusting , he wasn't good at all . sounds more like you were with a guy who was only fixated on getting himself off , rather than making it a mutually pleasurable ... 37000 words . having two english majors as parents has some benefit , it seems . i definitely believe that feedback isn't always a good thing . usually for me , no news is good news ! assuming you're not prone to frequent nightmares , how can you not like dreaming ? ! * so envious * shampoo and conditioner . yes , it's boring , but i don't want my hair to look like i just stuck my finger in a light socket . i've got 0th level npc written all over me . but since you don't have that as an option in your poll , i'd go with alchemist , since i'm a chemist in real life . i like thinking about trees , too . conifers are nice ! i have lots of internal conversations with people who may or may not exist in the real world . perhaps they're someone i know , or maybe they're characters in a book i read , or just someone i make up ... i wouldn't put too much stock in that personalityjunkie description . like any type description , it's a generalization , and not everything in it has to fit every person of that type . if you truly like ... i don't think i have too bad of a dark side ; at my worst , i'm just bitchy and cynical . sure , i might dearly hope that the human race will go extinct sooner rather than later , but i'd never want to ... i can appreciate some happy music , but i much prefer my music to be melancholy , even when i'm in a good mood . ... spiders are nice , and i don't mind sharing my living space with them . i do live with someone who smashes them now , so i usually transport them outside ( only if it's not too cold out - otherwise , i ... i'm an infp who also majored in the sciences and works in a lab . i like the fact that it's not a job that requires me to be a super-outgoing people person , but isn't the stereotypical job for infps ... i try to if i'm conversing with them , but it's not something that comes naturally to me . what was the programme about the plague you mentioned called ? it does sound good . i'm sure it wasn't shown in the states , but i can always look to see if i can get it through netflix or something ... these particular ones are portrayals ( artistic liberty taken , of course ) of life in london during the reign of george ii . if i remember correctly , industry and idleness was done in 1747 , and beer ... my favorite artist is undoubtedly william hogarth . there's just so many little meaningful details to discover in his works . i especially like the prints he produced for the general public - on their ... i have a fondness for istjs and their drive and devotion to what they find important . i guess the stereotype of istjs is that they're boring , but i can't say i agree with that at all . edit : just ... global 5 : sloan rcuei ; sloan + | r | cuxi ; primary reserved ; r (8 6 % ) c ( 56 % ) u ( 64 % ) x ( 50 % ) i ( 60 % ) your global 5 / sloan type is rcuei atheist / agnostic tendencies , unconcerned with public image , lower ... in no way could you describe anything about me as swaggering , my walk not excepted . i do tend to walk fast , but i keep my head down because good posture just facilitates eye contact with whoever i ... unless i have a pre-existing reason to connect with someone ( like if someone close to me says that they're cool ) , i tend to come off as cold . often presents with flat affect is how my therapist ... i wouldn't want a tombstone , either . i'd have to check around to find municipalities where it would be legal , but what i would like is to be buried in a cardboard ( or otherwise degradable ) coffin ... not really . i'm plenty interesting to me , and i figure that i'd probably find anyone who thinks otherwise to be pretty boring myself . i had another couple of dreams last night that i remember to some degree . i don't remember much of the first , but there was a huge house , and i was able to fly again . i remember the second one ... i don't remember most of my dreams , but this one is one of my favorites : i'm climbing an immensely tall tower , so high that once i'm at the top , i'm amidst the clouds and hazy sunlight and i can ... pastels . i'd say is that there's a difference between being happy and being upbeat . but i don't think it's impossible to be upbeat and infp at the same time , either . i'll probably be remembered as someone who wasn't very memorable in the she was a good neighbor , mostly kept to herself , i never got to know her very well way . istjs , i like : your quiet determination . your independence . how you never let anything escape your notice . your economy of words . how you have so much going on beneath the surface . your ... i tend to look at qualities other than type , like interests and beliefs in determining who i want , but if i were to only look at type , i'd say other infxs , intps , and isxjs . the dichotomy i care ... goals ? what are those ? i'm good at math and science . my dream job as a kid was to be a chemist . now that i actually am a chemist , i've kind of burned out on it , but hey , at least i have an employable skill ... i still do ... you don't have to evaluate your own worth in the same way that they measure their worth . this thread is so much me . the toys that i play with because they feel left out , the old computers i can't get rid of because they've served me so well , the cars with names and personalities ( that's ... i'm partial to coleridge , myself . i especially like christabel , but i don't think there's a poem of his i don't like . i thought you were kind of intimidating until i got to know you . conversations i have often go like this : them : blah blah blah blah blah blah blah ... me : * starts to say something but gets ... i have a tattoo of oak leaves ( q . ellipsoidalis , to be precise ) on my lower back to commemorate the tree that grew outside of my bedroom window when i was a kid . i loved the way the morning light ... from a printout from a mbti-type test that i did at age 17 for my high school psychology class : istj . i don't know if my type actually changed - i was trying really hard to deny who i really was back ... i just don't see the point to competition . if the competition is in what's supposed to be a fun activity ( like a game ) , it just sucks the fun out of things . if it's something more important ( like ... '