' that's just how they are , at least some of them . they're quite sensitive people , and far from self - focused , so he's just nervous about what you may think of him , because he thinks as you as a nice ... the enfj that loves me did something to me that was really , but really hurtful to me . now he's in a ditch , probably being very hard and down on himself . i've let him know i really want to make it ... i think none of the types is perfect , and i think it's dangerous people use the description as very ideal , whereas people aren't ideal . enfj's aren't either , there are some weak spots recording to ... infj . thanks , i'm glad you can relate , i felt deeply hurt lately because of someone not understanding this , and thinking it doesn't make sense , because nobody hates me , so i'm glad i'm not the only one . eggsies guy if i knew you in real life , i would give you a hug for your wonderful insights , that can help people out . if you don't mind - getting the feeling the other person doesn't like you , is ... and stop analyzing , i really tend to ruminate the hell out of things sometimes , and it only makes me feel like crap . this really helps ! (: i don't know if this is for all infp's , but for myself , it can be very devastating . not really when it's a stranger , it works like , the deeper i love someone , the more i tend to hold it in , because ... popular , nah , never been that . guess it's because most people are sensors and my n is too strong to keep up with the majority of people all the time , who are sensors . yes , it does really hurt indeed ... i like nf's and nt's ( except the entj ) most . however , it really depends on the individual , i can't stand people of any type that are too self - focused . saltana : however , listening to my fi - i personally get the sense , your enfj may have felt criticized because you're telling him he has to change for you . he's hurt . especially when he feels it's ... saltana . they can indeed get very , very sensitive when it's about this issue . i brought it up , just very casual to an enfj recentely - before i knew it was such issue - and he totally unexpectedly ... me too , it's hard in group - settings , but one on one it's easier . (: dump her . if she treats you like that , she isn't worth your love at all . there are so many better girls out there , believe me . (: i think you're holding on to her , has to do with a kind of social ... who says introverts are boring ? honestly , most fun people i've met where ixxp's , so ... (: only stupid people think that , from what i've experienced in life , and we ain't going to marry stupid guys ... yes , some people do this indeed , and it's hard not to take it personal , probably they just can't listen and like to talk about themselves , but it's always an awch ' ' like your picture btw , you look ... yeah , isfp's suck too . : wink : yeah , it's really the case , feeling is quite the norm here , which is quite nice . when i see things about north - america , there seems to be much more a macho mentality . it's sad you have to feel , ... oh , we're so nice for each other . no balls . my ass . :d ry : perfectly possible you're just an infp , but you may just not be in the most healthy period of your life . (: or did you mean my first post ? (; which continent / continent part are you from ? (: i think other infp's made the point already ... it will be really hard to get this girl back . can you blame her ? i mean , that girl probably respects herself more than just that you know . above that , ... ravenclaw . : kitteh : i feel your pain , really . i feel better nowadays , with the people i know today . but i really know that feeling . don't let it scar you , it will be better , there are other people out there , who will be ... western europe and north europe are very f - minded , especially sf . t's aren't really looked well at here . empathy has great value , and t's can come of as to rude . east - europe has a more st minded ... thank you for existing . for voicing exactly and without shame or limitation , all those feelings and ideas , that are often running trough my head as well . i really look up for you , for that . it makes ... normally , i have a bah - mentality about those booh , people , who are waiting to be saved by someone else . so i really have no need to do that . however , i always had a soft - spot for underdogs , ... hahaha , the weak thing , is such stereotype . really . in real life people say i come of as a strong - minded , collected , talented person , who's great at standing her ground and walking her own shoes , ... enfj's with strong ni , or infj's with strong fe . i've noticed there's really a very broad scale of different individuals among the infj's . i click with some amazingly , and with others - it's okay - i'm not fond of all of them . yet , i have yet to ... this disappointing thing , is something i experienced as well . i heard the worst and most painful thing that can happen to an enfj is someone being disappointed in them , that it hurts more than a stab ... what has happened to you then ? if you're able to talk about this . it seems to be something really common , among enfj's . maybe this thread can help people further - and save future relationships ... <3 ... i'm happy i am not alone with this . it's really annoying , to be an infp , and having that judging function that can't stand not knowing ' what's going on ' , especially in an emotional charged situation , ... thank you for your time . :) you're very insightful . i have a ' deeper ' question . what did you mean exactly with : the thought of fixing stuff being overwhelming ? that the whole situation is being ... ooh , lol . i totally disagree with this one , really . i've read a quote that said : “ opinion is really the lowest form of human knowledge . it requires no accountability , no understanding . the ... i think it's more an xnfj thing to be honest , to be closed about your own feelings and opinions . from what i have discovered in real life . infp's are very open when it comes down to it . i mean , they ... hmm , your sure he's infp instead of an infj ? some xnfj's tend to hold their opinions back , it's out of fear of rejection . infp's tend to be more comfortable in their own skin , so also about their own ... an enfj is angry at me , and is ignoring me now . i tried to contact him , but he shut off communication . i see this as a form of passive - aggression , showing how displeased he is with me . but it's ... don't push her , be consistent . if a guy is a flirt , i would be suspective as well . i would be afraid to end up heartbroken by him . i think she just needs some time to get to know you , be patient and ... from what i've seen , they're just neutral towards that person . but they tend to talk and think badly about them . nothing to do with cognitive functions , it's just about processing information . i've seen very emotional healthy and very unhealthy people of all types . not is this order , all for something different , but generally speaking those types : - enfp's : they feel like a much more expressive version of myself , i love the emotional / introspective openness , ... if one of you is interested , same tom facey said . (: read into the functions . xnfp's and xnfj's share none of them . (: that may be you eggsies . (: when i was detecting a flaw in an enfj i know , he got upset with me , by pressing it too much . i like to talk about flaws . :) flaws is what makes us interesting . it's the ... i'm so glad to read all those things , i totally get what you mean , every word . (: oh - enfj's get it too , btw . (: all n's may ... it are mostly sensors that misjudge , in my experiences . thank you , for your words . i agree completely , with every word , with little star . i am always soft when it comes to dealing with others , i'm sensitive when overwhelmed in the moment . i have great ... haha , i hate it . (: but i'm happy you can see we are strong people . (: it's not really bothering that people think i'm cute . it's a problem when cute = > = weak . yes , they usually like us . for our extraverted intuition , relaxed nature , and the fact we actually care . and because we have hidden emotions or something ... '