' i hardly got along with any of my teachers because i was the typical problem child and troublemaker . i especially didnt get along with my art teacher in high school . we'd argue with eachother ... im more for savoury foods than sweet . i can eat a giant ' share ' bag of crisps in one sitting all to myself . favourites include chilli heatwave doritos , cheeseballs and onion rings ^ ^ now for the ... youtube.com/watch?v=mcivyv4hqii in my onsie watching cheaters and laughing at the fakeness of it all hahah sent from my gt-p 5110 using tapatalk 2 the big one is the galaxy tab 2 android tablet im posting off of now :) clothes , trainers , skull candy headphones , drink , money , xbox games . i mustve been really good this yr ! haaa 8) hungry . alot hungry ! chilled , lazy day lay across sofa ... being humped by the dog ... watching the inbetweeners miracle medicine that'll make this man flu clear off chippy chiiips being zzz in hospital waiting area i wanna start a fight ! - pink a mini festive cookie thing what a ledge it kills some time sleep , new phone , my appetitie back , christmas to come & go ... fast ! a phone number that keeps calling and hanging up ! ! beer . just give me beer ! ! more sleep ! ! ! watchin eastenders haha grandaaad a new phone ! badly sausage sandwich . prefer bacon :( ready salted mccoys . maaan crisps whey the pic is quite small on my phone but i think i like it . i like the splashiness haha . arty & deserving of at least an 8 drinking bud , watching crap tv ... waiting for food : 9 and trying to forget its monday tomorrow ! glad its not just me then ! post a recent picture of yourself would you rather give up steak or pizza for the rest of your life ? pizza what was your last daydream about ? something xxx rated haha tell us about the last ... either michaelangelo or raphael : 9 a mix of both ? raphelo ! one big fat massive fry up : thumbup : hungover ... aching ... i feel like my legs don't belong to me and my head is caved in sent from my gt-i 9000 using tapatalk 2 to be 19 again ! ! : 9 sent from my gt-i 9000 using tapatalk 2 so-so . its my bday ... but i'm in denial haha . looking forward to tonight though ... on it ! ! sent from my gt-i 9000 using tapatalk 2 being tired , watching shameless ... wanting cinema popcorn & a couple of hundred squid sent from my gt-i 9000 using tapatalk 2 bbq beef super noodles sent from my gt-i 9000 using tapatalk 2 this'll be some list ... : 9 and in no particular order ignorance animal cruelty snobs manipulative people homophobes narrow mindedness arrogance sexism im so ridiculously tired . my eyes are like piss holes sent from my gt-i 9000 using tapatalk 2 chicken & mushroom pot noodle big up healthy eating sent from my gt-i 9000 using tapatalk 2 in bed watching rec : 9 sent from my gt-i 9000 using tapatalk 2 original flavour pringles sent from my gt-i 9000 using tapatalk 2 back on topic : 9 i desire a giant bag of wotsits , a gallon of tropicana and a work free day all i see is : don't want to sound creepy but i need to kill you ! mission more than failed . cottage pie , veg , yorkie puds ... : 9 sent from my gt-i 9000 using tapatalk 2 on the bog the very awkward moment when you're the perc member on the receiving end any really but tend to go tesco express most often cos it's only across the road ... & i've developed a liking for a member of their staff ;) haha watching batman : 9 and hoping this man flu goes away before my burrrday ! arkham city riddles locations ... thats not considered cheating is it ? : 9 you know that song ... oppa gangnam style ! ! ? yeah well i was dancing / singing to that as part of a crimewatch reconstruction . one of these days i'm gonna have a normal dream and really freak ... i have no words ... thanks ? takeaway pizza & chips in bed xoxoxoxixhks '