yes , of course : happy : aesthetic - whatever pleases or repulses me . i imagine it's an fi judgement although anybody can use this sense . i understand we have all the conitive functions , our type ... laurie 17 i have a response to this but it's deeply personal . i will pm you . you're welcome . : happy : how i make decisions is difficult to answer because i don't think its about snap ... laurie 17 . well i am not a hypochondriac or anywhere close . i should also mention that i'm notoriously bad about taking care of myself with concern to my general health . its only been in ... what kind of negative things ? as far as relating si to how it works in conjunction with the other functions , i'm not sure . i do know that my general state of awareness is not to be aware at all of ... i'm not really a sentimental person . i don't relate to keeping objects that evoke good feelings ... unless you count the 25gb of family photos and videos i have saved on my hard drive ... lol . ok , maybe ... i prefer fictionof all types . nonfiction is usually too dry to suit me . i've also had bad luck buying nonfiction ... it usually amounts to people trying to sell their products . that explains my issues with entps then . i like them very much for their vibrance and humor but have a hard time understandingwhy they ignore me at times . i don't know that fi is so black and white . i may make two opposing chices given different circumstances toa situation . i go by what feels right . and i am being quite literal referring to feeling ... as in someone imposing fi on you ? how would you say that manifests itself ? an entp with strong fi , you could very be perfect . : tongue : on the flip side , i also am very sensitive to how people are feeling . i also read people very well . i care enough to smooth things over when someone gets upset but past that , i don't really bother to ... perhaps allowing others opinions affect your judgement is what makes you feel insecure . it's true that people respect a person who is strong minded more than those who are looking for approval from ... pay attention to the things that stress you out . what scares you most in this world . there should be an overall running theme to these triggers . you'll likely find your first variant this way . agwood authenticity can mean a lot of things . to an infp , it's about being true to ones own moral compass . of course others can say authenticity means more than that to them but i think we are ... i stopped questioning myself once i had my diagnosis . i always knew something was wrong , it was more of a relief than anything to finally have it properly addressed . aye , i have no shame about my own mental health issues . i keep personal info to myself on internet forums , however , as a personal safety measure . anyway , i figure people who would run from or judge ... new streaming on netflix , amazon prime , hulu in may - cnn.com i'm always excited for new content through these venues . there's just so much i haven't seen , i don't know where to start ! so i ask , ... one of the things i do is type people . it's like hiding behind a lens taking pictures . it puts space between myself and others . even as i read this thread i was doing it . i also avoid others . it's ... personally , i think the cognitive functions are more about cognition than personality . it affects communication more than attitude . an enneagram type 2 nf is going to have a much different self ... infp here . i believed in soulmates when i was a child but i grew past that way of thinking . now i think that the idea of soulmates simply gets used to describe that spark people can feel for ... i've neverhad this problem as a constant issue but can relate on some level . aquick search on intrusive thoughts will give you some decent resources for self-help . i would still strongly suggest ... infp here . i like all types of music , metal included . country , not so much , but there is a song or two i enjoy . i'm sorry i can't find the quote but there is a 4ish song that sums up 4s nicely . it was along the lines of being so full of emotion , the words can't be found to express ones self in complete ...