' wooo , high score ! narcissistic trait strength of trait authority : 8.00 when you do something diplomatic for a client and your intp boss says where the fuck did that come from ? low effort / 10 user 352 , from the terminology in your posts , it sounds like you're in a big 4 audit / tax / services / consulting role , or something relatively similar . these firms hire the most talented people at the ... i think there's a low bar for success in a lot of things in life . given that we entjs are more adaptable , we tend to succeed more , because we encounter situations that we can succeed in far more ... i mean c'mon people . to what extent do you all actually believe in things like cognitive functions , particular entj quirks , and even mbti in general ? i'm making this post because it seems like an ... honestly the only benefit i get from hosting big social things is the ego stroking . and objectively i know it's vain , but the emotional pick-me-up from being the head honcho can often be too much to ... so it's been a little over two years since i posted this thread . and coincidentally , also a little over two years since i've even logged into this site . i can't believe the positive responses it's ... work hard , play hard . not because i oppose giving maximum effort , but because i oppose the lack of a winning condition . very much an interesting idea . thanks for posting . i am of the opinion that , societally speaking , personal philosophies and ways of acting in life are largely based on a person's belief position on ... i love that you're defensively confrontational the moment someone with more expertise than you in an area offers you genuine advice . trying to read condescension into an objective post completely ... current business management / computer science dual degree person here . my opinions regarding business education : the intrinsic value of a business minor is in familiarity with basic business ... entj with an istj mother here . i think i can keenly relate to the whole supervisor / supervisee thing in more ways than one , haha . growing up , my relationship with my mom has always been ... frankly i'm appalled by the misconception that this thread is about grades . it isn't . that was just my personal example which i then transformed to a general principle at the end of the op . all of ... a list of all xkcd comics i enjoy cannot really be assembled in a timely manner . but related to the comic the poster above me reminded me of , i would be entirely content with actually living this ... socialism . i'd rather not derail another person's thread with my personal musings and blathering , and hence i felt that any negativity which would result from me making this post should deservedly be aimed at ... i gained the inspiration for this post from the other thread where a lot of people were bashing a middle schooler for caring about grades . instead of posting it there and inevitably starting a ... i live my life by the mantra that i am correct until proven incorrect . dangerous ? absolutely . expedient ? absolutely . a lot of people will react to you based on your perceived level of correctness ... also , invisible children ? more like invisible finances . nothing quite like this thread to elicit fondness of heart . it holds a lot of significance to me , for reasons i ought not disclose . ;) nonetheless , the parallels between certain things and his ... there is no such thing as dressing too well - however , there is the problem of appearing to think too highly of yourself by dressing well relative to everyone else all the time . the best advice ... you're welcome ! just ... keep it on the dl . ;) i love that that is the reason you follow your feelings , and i think other entjs would agree . it reminds me of a quote i love and live by : it is ... create a reserved and quirky ( but true ) social persona that will get you by when dealing with the concrete , closed-minded sensors of the world - for expediency purposes , of course . not to offend any ... thanks for your detailed and insightful replies . i know i've really learned a lot from this thread thus far , and i hope the learning and general good spirit can continue for everyone ! i have to ... my apologies for the long-winded post , but decisions concerning one's future deserve adequate explanatory treatment . this , but in all honesty that depends on the greek culture of your school ... first of all , thank you guys for the feedback ! i truly appreciate it and i'm glad you've taken the time to analyze my thoughts on a more than cursory level . corroborating my theory one person at a ... c'mon ! you're an entj ! question the validity of the drinking age concept and brashly take some anyway whether you're interested in actually drinking it or not ! coming from an entj's perspective , i find you infps fascinating . i feel as though i can truly relate to you , yet at the same point i feel somewhat in the dark , but in a good way . so i did some ... i love speaking in metaphors , because it allows me to instantly determine who is worth continuing to talk to and who is not . if you're not smart enough ( or not paying enough attention ) to understand ... if you didn't have a fantasy world , how would you know what to change the real world into ? yes , yes , yes , and yes , but you're missing one thing . you're here , so why not make the most of it ? there is no higher meaning , so make your own meaning . live , love , laugh , take over the world , ... this thread brought this to my mind . i apologize in advance . funny story , actually . this thread caused me to recall an experience i had in kindergarten , where someone in the class was called on and asked to explain the three necessities of life . having ... if you're not passionate about something , you'll have a really hard time focusing . perhaps your crisis of focus is moreso a crisis of motivation . when doing a long project like a thesis , it can be ... do you seek out and / or value the advice of older co-workers ? if said older coworker is demonstrably intelligent , i will seek out his or her perspectives and opinions - subjective stuff . if not , ... hire an entj . we'll handle it for you . ;) but ... infps are too cute ! their removal from the gene pool would be tragic . summer affords all of us the unique opportunity to completely isolate ourselves from everyone we interact with on a daily basis , and then gives us the added bonus of being able to cash in our new ... owing to the proportional equality of the length of the brackets representing both a and b in the image , the glass actually has less than half its volume filled . before we make philosophical ... i would argue that you can't make the distinction between the humane and pragmatic points of view . the ethical point of view is always the one that encompasses both of these . religious perspective ... the general rule is that an entj will love head first , heart second . it's not that we don't have feelings , just that we tend to see them as a vulnerability and won't really expose the full spectrum ... i live in a fraternity house right now , so here's a few highlights : - gelatin in a toilet - buttering the kitchen floor - unscrewing the base of a random swivel chair in the chapter room every week ... entj here . you've just described how i've always felt about my life . :) i don't mean this in a creepy way , but i find infps fascinating . they're very similar to me in so many ways , yet so different . i find it hard to mope about being single when i can wake up every morning with the joy of knowing that my soul mate is somewhere on earth thinking about the exact same thing , and that today might be ... entj all the way ! the entps i've encountered are brilliant , yet scatterbrained , and i'd almost feel cursed if i had the unparalleled brainstorming capacity of those people but lacked the ability to ... i don't disagree with your thread at all , so the purpose of this post is for me to affirm that to you . entjs are perceived as arrogant largely because we feel immensely self-empowered by our ... are there any quirky hobbies that infps particularly enjoy which might cause them to congregate in one place or another ? i mean , if infps tend to love stuff like zumba , i'm the type of person who ... '