' all of you guys saying just cut them out of your life ! it comes from a good place , but it also makes me wince . like , yeah , i've been waiting to do that for years . not everyone in a bad / abusive ... rhode island , which doesn't make a lot of sense to me . then again , i don't quite understand quizzes like that where you're supposed to rate your personality on a strange scale . i just want to point out that i'm not worried about typism for my own health . like i said , i know myself . baseless internet hate doesn't bother me because i know it's just someone trying to rattle ... so i've noticed that the infp is often reduced to a blubbering , blindly optimistic fool by others . i'm at the point where i expect to be disappointed by these two-dimensional , condescending ... also , left-brain right-brain theory isn't really a thing . [ source ] eh . i don't like to attribute things like most creative , most logical , kindest , etc . to any one type . not only is it a matter of opinion , it might make some people feel inferior to others , ... i'm sorry about the struggles you're having , friend . i can definitely relate . unicornrainbowlove you could be down because you're having a hard time trying to cope with what you've learned , ... i may not have accomplished anything , but let me tell you all about my participation ribbons and trophies ! in the words of swoozie , if there's a jealous bone in your body , break it and never let it heal . i hate being swept up by jealously . it's unkind to people who excel . it's ugly in others , but ... generally , nfs and sjs don't get along very well . : 3 it's rare to see them in a happy relationship . but not impossible ! nf x nf is typically the best match for infps , and although happy nf x sj ... i don't like the implication that her gender and her incompetence as a therapist are somehow connected . telepariah seems to me you're better off talking to yourself in the mirror than to her , if ... infps , i think we can all agree that too many people are too ignorant and intolerant in this world , and a lot of those ignorant , intolerable people own us . we can't expect compassion , respect , ... hello , callaendia ! i'm interested in seeing how other infps respond to this question , too . let's see what i've got for you . i write and read often . i have a goodreads and wattpad for this . i ... i've been to a school counselor weekly for a while , which is basically only group counseling . like teenagers should automatically have the same struggles , like alcoholics or people suffering from ... laeona your response made me chuckle . you make all introverts sound like sherlock . personally , i like the comparison and can see the connection . >:) ... mender i theorize some teachers return to high school because they never really left , mentally speaking . you can also tell which teachers belonged to which cliques based on whom they show the most ... in my experience , natural talent only gets you a head start . art , film , photography , and philosophy are skills . you weren't born with a set intelligence or skill in anything , as much as the education ... i answered maybe marriage , maybe kids . i can't decide what i may want in the future because i'm always changing , my understanding of my self is always changing , the world is changing , and people ... i'm in high school right now , struggling the hardest i've ever struggled in school . not with understanding the subject , really , just struggling with not throwing my desk across the room . sometimes , ... you know what my apush teacher would and has said to that ? do you think that's an excuse for [ the non-fitting student ] not to succeed ? ( ╯ ° □ ° ） ╯ ︵ ┻ ━ ┻ and we were talking about people with ... ugh . too often . i have a hatred for time because it won't obey me . : tongue : sometimes , i'll be studying a material for class that i don't really understand , and i decide i want to understand it ... tyty good idea ! how come i never thought of that ... ? > _ < i know exactly what you're talking about . some people can lose themselves in experiences , emotions , ideas , motions ... etc . others cannot ... my intj best friend is helping me the most right now in my struggle with mental sickness . i'm grateful to have her in my life . although sometimes she says calculated , hurtful things , i know she ... i'm sorry you're in the grips of the infp dark side , niennna . good luck to you . also , videos .  ... kittypuppy book recommendations are always wonderful , in my opinion . :) it's important for the writer , artist , etc . , to keep in mind that no piece of writing is perfect entirely , and that while ... i need love , attention , and understanding , and yet the people around me don't provide the ( albeit selfish ) brand of attention i crave . so i'm alone , sort of from necessity but mostly from feelings of ... eh . i feel like this video does my post better justice than writing something . this is thegothicalice on youtube , if you can ignore the audio problem . i think that perhaps you should spend some time talking out your feelings with your husband . set aside time to explain the way you feel . he might be able to provide refreshing insight , help boost ... tw : some graphic content . usually , running full-speed into the wall works . if not , well , i have a trusty brain-quieting hammer . works like a charm . >:) ah , but seriously . i try to redirect my ... paperandcolours i'm in mixed agreeance with what you're saying . you're definitely right in that people are actually way easier to topple than the typical infp believes . i agree that if they react ... i'm a 50-50 . on the one hand , i'll speak up in a polite , suggestive matter . rather than , step aside , you're in front of the door , i'll say , excuse me and hope they get the hint . i sure don't have ... watching this video , oh my gosh . haha , yeah . pretty much anything that makes you feel extremely superior or extremely inferior to other people shouldn't be trusted . i love my intj friend to pieces . yes , she does boss me around , correct me , and get tired of my dewy-eyed idealism , while i'm annoyed by her somewhat inflexible views . however , i like that she is ... * double take . * th-the what ? ? ? i'm the shit ? gee , i wonder why i don't find that statement as flattering as you seem to intend it to be . listen , straight men looking to hook up with an ... kittypuppy rune hello there . i've been struggling with producing a story ( i'm a writer , you see ) for about ... wow , just about four years now . most days , i go without a single drop of inspiration ... hmm . i don't personally agree with maslow's hierarchy of needs to begin with , and i'm not sure i agree with how this article describes self-actualization , either . it seems less like a true analysis ... beetwick ah , parents . it only takes the meeting of two gametes to qualify two people for parenthood . i have yet to meet someone who wasn't damaged in some way by their upbringing . some much more ... you're so shallow . about as deep as a kiddie pool . shit infps don't usually say . pretty much every invention has already been discovered already . also , pretty much every story has already been written already . there's nothing new out there . ... from a young age , you will be taught that your worth as a human being is dependent on so many factors outside of your control . genetics , for example . they try to make you believe that intelligence , ... this post makes me rethink some stuff . firstly , whether hypocrisy is an avoidable thing . secondly , whether i'm a hypocrite for hating hypocrites . it's your right to walk out of a movie for whatever reason and to refrain from using certain words in your vocabulary . know i don't mean to offend you in saying the following . but it makes me ... wow . that sums me up so well . especially that i am idealistically loving yet by nature am forced to hate . i remember telling my dad i tried to not to judge others , and i hated people who do for ... yes . and i will stand up for that person if i have the means to . before now , i've never really had to stand up against anyone , but my ap us history teacher has changed things . my teacher must have ... aheheh ... let's all forget that in a 50/50 between two keyboards , i ended up buying the solar-powered one ... * cough , shuffle . * : blushed : yeah , the first time i tested , i got intj . my friend also ... lol ! i can imagine this threat firing up quite a few infps . it's okay , stone drum . the freedom of speech argument is actually helpful to the infp because the person is basically saying the only ... get home - bastille the birds are mocking me ... they call to be heard . the birds are mocking me ... they curse my return . when i was little , i thought friendship was everything . i put so much importance on having a best friend . this is likely due to the fact that my father is an extremely conscientious estj , my mother ... i think the only time i ever misuse facts and logic is when i'm stressed out . in a calm , encouraging discussion , i feel i can think through the logic , pair it with my instinctive feeling , and make my ... '