' are entjs boring ? ? ? yes , definitely with brainless type of people ! once an entj getting rage , you should be better off . seriously ! should stay away ! hammer could drop on your head . lol . what is this ? ? dancing chickens ? ? ? nice image ! ! ! : laughing : my enfp ex bf is good looking . to be honest , i like his complexion most for the appearance . he is handsome though . the 2nd most ... i find most enfp men look good . wear ... nothing . that would be most attractive though : laughing : that's what i experienced irl . seems there is always a magnet from entjs that makes you guys infps attracted to ( and somehow being clingy too : cool :) hello beauty ! thanks god ! no lingeries around . : laughing : you would be much much more hansome with short hair . but ... even then , you still are . i have never cheated on my so . sometimes the mind can wander , that's when the significant other has hurted me . real red flag for ending the relationship . agreed ! im a looker too . my weak point ? a handsome , intellectual , humorous and talented man . : laughing : whew ! ! ! my ex bf is not here : laughing : such a relief ! ! ! i have huge imagination , i can imagine how you can do that . interesting though . : laughing : lmao ! you dark minded person ! ! ! dont you say you are attracted to him sexually ? ? ? : cool : imho , men should have classy look to attract women , or at least , it works for me . this guy looks good . 7/10 : cool : . but no classy look . : laughing : unluckily , we dont have much . hence , we always find sps are best at that . i find this a very insightful post ! this one look brilliant too . you enfp guys ( and girls ) look really gorgeous ( just like female sps and male entjs ) oh yeah . i guess i do have that weak spot , too : laughing : ah , handsome guy ! whew , you didnt say i recommended 2eng , it would be clearer : laughing : . ok just kidding . why do u think type 3 entj is better compared to other enneagram types ? the enfp's control is taking charge of pleasing the other partner : cool : great though . isnt this thread about sex ? ? ? no ? ? ? holly shit ! : laughing : just words only ? no pic ? pics means thousands of words though ! post pic of you then , we all can decide whether you guys are good looking or not ! : wink : but i heard that intj and even intp are not ... how can someone mystype enfp and esfp ? they are so different with each other like night and day ! enfp : nefitesi ---> belongs to nf group , idealist esfp : sefiteni ---> belongs to sp group , hedonist ... i visualise things on mind , then write them out on papers , under charts , timelines , notes ... ( im visual type btw ) . i remember things easier by how i picture things out , and in order , in linked way ... also , it's hard for other types to forget about the intimate moments ( especially when it comes to sex ) they have had with us after seperating . : wink : edit : no being dominated , but being taken care of the fi side . if the other partner is excellent at something we are not , we are willing to let them handle it , and we can sit at the back seat , ... yes . and when they do , they must be definitely meaningful , with the appropriate person and appropriate time . i think we draw to each other much often , due to the common fi shared together . fi - fi is really a strong connection for romantic relationship . also , both are n types , hence , creative and extremely ... you r hillarious ! enfp men are rare too , even infp . i was in a relationship with an enfp man - near to get married . extremely passionate , mutual understanding and belief ( we are all agnostic ) , obviously mentally ... well , there is a saying : if you can't keep a secret by yourself , then who else can do that for you ? yes , people are not completely defined by mbti ( or any personality theory ) . howeve , i dont think those theories are poor or vague . because there is certainly a mean in researching for that . we learn ... lol . nice experience huh ? i always stay away from women gosships . really dislike that characteristic from women at all . i find what you said about esfps ( from what you have seen ) are totally true . just for the outside , it is . but to me , we just know what kind of wood is made when you peel off the beautiful outside ... marac , maybe you misunderstood . in real life , people dont drag their mbti type along with them when they talk / interact to someone . for personality types , i appreciate people not base on that , but ... ok guys , last night i had a talk with him . and finally , i decide to permanently withdraw and move on . i firmly think that esfp is absolutely not a suitable romantic partner for entj ( or at least ... you nailed it down already . : wink : btw , i think sex with n types would be much much much more interesting than with s types . so obviously it means you dont hide your emotions at all ? what you show is what you feel ? what type of women do you esfp guys find most attractive ? , i . e strong personality / deep ... etc ... ? would you ... yes , i think so . what comes fast will go fast . so i let what will be will be . i already step back and stay normal with him . if he is really interested , he will make a move and be determined . he is ... thank you guys for replying ! couldnt imagine so many informative replies like that ! though , i still have some more questions : tongue : it's really interesting to hear that an esfp man enjoy ... ah , i understand . esfps are sp , as to keirsey , they are so much hodonistic , adn absolutely not interested in abstract - thinking as of n types . that's the real barrier in communication between two ... have you guys ever dated any esfp ? would be nice to hear your experience . so , that means i love you = i wanna get into your pants . period ? everyone ! thoughts ? i notice that when people say these words so easily in romantic context , especially in the beginning of the dating stage , mostly they are not sincere . do you agree ? yep . ur right . that's why i said the test is pretty dumb ! and even illogical too . what ? marijuana doesnt make you addicted ? nor does it make your physical body / mind turns bad / obsolete ? think again ! and speak again ! have ever watched or experienced someone addicted ? hmmm keep ... even that , you would just have many horns on your head . beautiful horns though :) ) . ( easy to ride anywhere she likes ) you love some kicks on your ass ? :) ) '