' yep , we've moved here : mbti database - personality types of famous people and fictional characters it seems like the website's going to be down for a while , if not forever , unfortunately . but we ... look on this website . there are 21 votes for mark being enfp and only 1 for him being entp . i honestly don't watch his videos that much , but the vibe i get from him is that he's very kind and ... you're right , i just rewatched the video and he said he was heavy into the j / p category , not that he was very p . still , i think that's what he meant . he's a pretty obvious perceiver imo . i actually mapped out a huge mbti family tree a while ago so i guess i'll post that here . dad's side : my grandmother : isfj my grandfather : intj uncle 1 : estj uncle 2 : estj uncle 3 : estj i watch a lot of matpat's videos and i have absolutely no doubt that he's an enxp . it's very apparent from his live streams that he's an ne dom and he even said that he's very n and very p . i would ... ok i'm really curious , so if you're still willing to do this i would sooo appreciate it ! ( also i don't know how to put spoilers around text so i'm so sorry for how long this is going to be . ) 1 . ) ... no , i don't think so . i'm not sure exactly what type of musician you're referring to , but one of my friends ( an enfp ) is extremely musically talented . she plays multiple instruments very well and is ... based on this , i'd say you're 5w4 ( and i made my opinion before i saw who you were and what you put your enneagram type as btw ) . things people dislike about me : - i ’ m too withdrawn - i ’ m lazy ... sounds like fe . fi would be less concerned with harmony among others and would likely not want to sacrifice its own values / interests for it . seems like ni . based on this , she definitely ... i think you're an ixtj ( intj or istj ) . the te is pretty obvious lol . i'm catholic , but i wouldn't consider myself to be super religious . i believe in god and jesus and agree with most of the catholic teachings , but there are some things i disagree with . i definitely ... my immune system summed up : absolutely awful . when i was in public school i would get sick pretty much every other month , and it would always be really long ( like 4-10 days ) . one time i had to be ... one time ( i think it was in elementary school ) i was playing dodge ball in gym class . i had already gotten out so i was sitting on the floor talking to my friends who had also already gotten out ... all of this points to se over ne . living in the moment , not thinking things through , being focused on your appearance , and having your imagination sparked by sensory stimulus's seems very se .  ... 1 ) infp 2 ) i think that , if the person caught my interest , i would try to observe them and try to piece together more about them from a distance before i actually considered approaching them . if i ... no problem , i wish you luck in deciding ! :p roud : also , i'd like to add that you said you got infj on the socionics test , but eii is actually infj , not infj . in socionics , the j and p letters are ... well i think we can safely conclude that you're an fi dom , haha . now it seems to be a close call between infp and isfp . it might help you to read the following links comparing the two types to see ... you definitely do seem like an esfp ( maaaybe an enfp ) , and although it sounds odd , i do think you could be 5w4 too . you have this odd mix of spontaneity and intellectualism in your personality from ... i think the negative impressions of estps are mainly from intuitives who like to think of themselves as better than them because their lifestyle is generally very different . from what i've seen , many ... i can help type you , but you ’ re going to have to give more information than that . as mary r . pointed out , the information you gave could really point to either type . so , i think a good place to start ... infp . i really love the song anywhere by evanescence . both the lyrics and music are really pretty : anywhere dear my love , haven't you wanted ... lmao that is both the worst and best thing i've ever read . in sims i do all sorts of terrible stuff . one time a made a shrek sim just for the sole purpose of killing him off . another time i wanted to have a ghost baby so i killed off a sim to turn them into ... in my opinion , what your personality was like in the past doesn't really matter that much . it can potentially be helpful to look back and try to see which functions you developed first , or if you ... your introduction already seems to suggest that you're an ne user ( using lots of commas , adding things into parentheses , rambling just a bit ) . it reminds me a lot of my own communication style ( as ... ix92m not at a point in my life where i would consider having children ( ix92m waay too young , haha ) . but in the future , i donx 92t think ix92d be totally against the idea , and ix92m especially open to the idea ... this one always made me laugh : tongue : adding onto my last post , i know someone who went through something similar to this . she was depressed and threatening suicide and everyone thought that she was just manipulating them . when her ... when someone may be suicidal , no matter how small the chance , i don't believe it should ever be taken lightly . if his current psychiatrist / whoever else is trying to help him isn't helping , then he ... i'm pretty confident that you're an infj . both your questionnaire answers and your test results point in that direction . even though infp would probably be a close second option , both your fe and ni ... was there any function ( or functions ) that was significantly higher than the others ? what about functions that were significantly lower ? it might help if you post the exact results from that test ... well to my understanding , ni users aren't actually mystical or psychic , haha . ni is about having insights into things , and having a tendency to notice patterns and abstract concepts and read between ... this seems like a sign of ni . this seems like a sign of fe . you speak a lot about the importance of empathizing with others , acting like a mediator for people , and wanting to carefully ... entp maybe ? he was pretty funny and chill . clay : intj he seems like some sort of ixxj . i'd say maybe n over s because he's always having existential crisis ' , and enjoys more obscure things ( video games , sci-fi / fantasy books , etc ) but when ... i got infp and i am an infp , so good job there . i do think some of the questions could be worded better , maybe even simpler for people to understand ? i found myself overthinking several of the ... i'm an infp and i pretty much shut down when confronted with extreme emotion , particularly other people's emotions . for instance , my mother often spills her emotions to me when she gets upset and ... honestly , would an infj consider as many possibilities as you do ? the fact that you keep doubting your type and come up with so many possibilities points to ne . have you changed from being very logical to being very emotional , or have you changed from being very idea-oriented / future-oriented to being more practical / past-oriented ? which of the following ... okay , well that made things more complicated . you're definitely a type that uses fi-te-si-ne , it's just figuring out which order they go in that will be difficult . you could be an infp who's in an ... you sound like an istj to me . i judge new ideas by weighing them against old ones points to si , i also lack social skills around people i don't know and can be awkward and honestly annoying may ... most commonly i'll mistype as infj . that was what i originally tested as about a year ago , until i started looking into cognitive functions . i've also mistyped as intp and intj before ( which is ... i got infj as well . if anyone cares , i picked : - magical - writing - enlighten - bookworm - philosophy - science fiction - fantasy all this time i honestly thought i had an avatar but it just wasn't showing up on my computer for some reason ... lol , i am so bad at figuring out how to do things on this website ! that wasn't what i meant . i meant that the wrong way of doing things is saying things like i am so smart i must be a intp syndrome just because someone is doubting their type . all that does is ... i honestly think you're an isfp . i didn't really see anything indicating ne , and you talked a lot about just wanting to enjoy the moment , which is generally associated with se . as for enneagram , i ... based on this i'd say you're probably an intp above anything else . i also checked your other type me thread and i would say intp based on that as well . i don't think you're an entp since you're ... based on what you wrote , i see nothing that suggests you couldn't be an intp . i think the fact that you like to brainstorm ideas and tend to live in the future points to ne over se , and also the fact ... 1 ) i sometimes experience nostalgia when i see something that reminds me of a good moment from the past , or if there's something about the present that has changed in a negative way from the past ... yeah , maybe newt is an isfp . i think we'll get a clearer picture once more movies come out ( if they come out ? ) . '