' i don't really try to be honest . i don't really study , and i just get things done on time . i do well on tests regardless of whether or not i study . that gets me a 3.6 gpa , and right now i'm a junior ...  hayao miyazaki so ... * clears throat * ... is the guy that works with those people in your post a good guy or bad guy ? it's been bugging me for a while . : unsure : well , if i'm given criticism , it depends on how the criticism is given . if they have a condescending tone then i'd feel insulted , but i would try to hide that fact ( you might be able to tell by my ... i don't mind the name , feels cool in a way to be called onion xd . haha , i wasn't sure if that answer was considered cheating but i said it anyway . i forgot to say welcome in my first post so ... 1 . although some people piss me off , and i'd rather live in my mind , i would choose the external world . mostly because i like a challenge . might get kind of boring in my internal world after a while ... yeah i troll in real life . only when i'm bored though . 48 % intj 12 % istj 10 % infj 9 % intp 6 % entp it's pretty accurate for me i guess   don't know what else to say that hasn't already been said , as i don't have the life experience . however i did grow up listening to my esfj mom's life lessons , information about miscarriages and ... i think ser davos in a song of ice and fire is pretty cool . his nickname the onion knight sounded pretty cool . so i thought hey , that'd be pretty cool as a username . what do you guys think , pretty ... a conversation from a long time ago , my 6th grade math class . everyone in the class is doing their work independently . a girl right behind me calls my name to get my attention . i assume it's a math ... i don't see a video either .  i have maybe about 30 friends on facebook . i only accept friend requests from those i know in real life and i don't send requests to people ( it feels awkward to me ) . i don't really post much of ... i'm generally always listening , even to conversations between people i don't even know at times . it's just a matter of my interest because i'm still listening to you talk yet it may bore me because ... welcome ! i hope you enjoy your time here . i can't think of much that would rhyme with anna . i can only think of banana , bandana , and havana at the moment . edit : whoops , i didn't see the other replies after the scissors . 75740 too far ? thank you ! father : entp mother : esfj i don't know how to describe it . i don't really use pictures / images , or even movies . i will sometimes use words but sometimes it's not even words when i'm thinking , which makes it a little difficult ... i predict that by doing this , you will just perpetuate the argument by turning it into an insult war , neither one of you benefiting from the wasted time . if they didn't listen the first time , i don't ... yeah , i generally prefer the food i eat to taste good . when put in a situation where someone tries to talk to me about something they find extremely sad , i don't know how i should react . i usually just shrug because i'm not sure what else to do . i'm not ... i'm not really sure myself but here's a thought i've been playing with for a while . it breaks intelligence into three things , social intelligence , practical intelligence , and book-smarts . but it ... can i get my username changed to theonionknight ? i hate traveling . too much stress and then you have to catch up with things when you get home . not really worth it to me . but an intj's dominant function is ni as well . : laughing : when dealing with people who say you're wrong . if you've already argued for your thoughts , just nod and make it look like you value their ... esfp . there's a couple i know who i find just irritating . 2xistj , esfj , intp . i know a lot of nfs , but they can be a bit preachy . the istjs can be annoying if they start an argument . but if you stay away from arguments , they're okay . the esfj will come up ... i don't know if a welcome from me means much considering i only have about 1 post and i'm new here myself , but welcome fellow intj . i'm pretty new here . i've heard about personality cafe from a lot of places so i finally decided to check it out . i'm not very good at introducing myself but i'll give it a shot . hello all . my name ... '