' we are all in the same boat , we have a connection to the things around us that people in this time period have become removed from , my best advice would be to travel as much as possible , meet every ... but when that special person does it will all be worth while , dont settle , wait for that one . :) you can rebuild your sandcastle all you like . i have found that we should also build larger and stronger protective walls around our sandcastles so that we dont get run into the ground as easilly . in ... 20437hey all , i wanted to share a piece of artwork that my friend and i created together . let me know what you think :) and please dont post this picture on any other site , we havent shown it yet :D ... 2042920430 ok so i know these pictures are rediculous but my overseas buddy wanted them and i obliged , thought i would also share them with yallz :D enjoy again ... bravo ! you touched on many very deep and important subjects and you did a great job explaining the social decay of society , well done ! i wish i could click the thank button repeatedly ;) agreed sarah , i am 26 also and share your terror of creating my own video ! lol ;) i just want to say that your video was one of the most encouraging and beautiful things i have seen in a very long time , i saw much of myself in the things you said and it was really special for me ... i just realized i rambled and didnt even get to say what i was trying to , here it is : i think bieng in friend zone is the best place to be , as it gives the person a chance to know you and if they ... i kinda agree but on another hand i dont really agree : heres what it boils down to , if you are looking to get some ass lol or something of this sort then dates are perfect , its pretty much saying i ... adeodatus those videos are a perfect example of things that make me lol did we just become best friends ? ! ? ... yup ! ! ! ;) i'll post this one here also since it is just the best , let me know if you like :) this is the best anti drugs speech ever , a must watch for everyone ( video might be taken down soon for copyright issues ) i love these guys , hilarious ! ningyo that mendit dub killed me lol ! this lol'd me for sure ! ;) oops i already forgot about the lol thread hah ! im reposting there sharp pointy fangs ! look at the bonnes ! ! ;) < ( monty python quote fail ) i wasnt aware there was such a thing , i will post any more i find in that one then :D - some dub - feel good dude , that feel good song kills ! :) thanks for showing me ive never heard before ( and btw sierra leone is also one of my favs ! ) lol another awesome one lol ! favorite scene of anchorman ! i don't know why but i cant stop watching this ! the music is best . someone help ! my thoughts exactly ! ;) sea cat wow ... i am litteraly speachless so ill just blurt it out : you ... are ... stunning :) i want one of those blankets ! :D personal favorite : self taken picture with street sweeper in background wondering what the hell im doing , dont ask ;) 19638 classic creepy bathroom self pic , lol 19656 that puppy is awesome lol , so grumpy lookin ;) and you are adorable i am in the same boat with ya on this one , since going on dates is for some reason a standard set in stone thing people are expected to do in this day and age i always feel rushed and pressured ... couldnt have said it better lol ! :D killer song ! what usually gets me the most is the classic 1-3 1 dollar bill with reciept inlayed in the middle then random change placed on top as if any person can immedietly just jam it all into their pocket ... carl sagan ftw ! i love it ! :) you should now be able to ctrl + click the hyperlink in my first post to get to my file page :D fyi ok guys , i have 5 or so songs that i would like to share with all of you infj's . ( kinda into dubstep pretty heavy right now ) i am making my mediafire folder public so you may upload files or ... i know exactly what you mean introspiritual . i am a technical project manager for a computer company , it has been the first position i have had where i really feel like i am myself in a position and am able to make my own decisions as i see fit ... lol omg , this happens to me every single time im at the store ! are infj's wallettarded ? i really enjoyed watching all of your videos , keep em coming ! ill post one once i have the privledges :( lol at these , so cool to see :) i completely agree with you on the matching criteria catlady , and by the way your kitty is really cute ! :) ok so i have noticed on a startling ammount of infj profiles on a few different sites that we all seem to share a love of will farrel and his comedy . it would be cool to hear what each person ... sometimes i think our personality type confuses most matching criteria algorythms . here are mine , looks like some of you arent users anymore . pistolshrimp 19 % match 42 % friend 47 % ... i gotta say , i also catch myself staring at your cats rediculous expression ( looks suuuper confused and spooked lol ): this picture is such a good capture of kitty awesomeness i thought it was ... i am at the same point of life as your mystic , i am sick of always finding the good and ignoring the bad as the bad always surfaces later . i am trying to not even think about relationships at all ... i accidentally posted in the enfj forum instead of infj , sorry guys . hey there :) . i wanted to share my experience with okcupid and other dating sites . first off other than having my good intentions of flirting misunderstood and laughed at at first i dont have much ... i relate with this 100 % , makes me wonder what an infj + infj relationship would be like , would it be utter chaos or close to perfection ? '