' my neck , obviously . haha jk . mmm , i'd donate my blood to vampires on famine def vampire , but like gary oldman's dracula . this isn't controversial , but i find critical pedagogy to have a very sixish nature . liberating yourself from chains of the opressers , from fear of freedom , from deshumanization to humanization , to ... i chose envy and sloth . i work hard in my studies , volunteering , etc , i'm very considerate and blah , blah , blah , but it takes me a lot of effort to start doing things . lots of it is procrastination , ... 1 . shorter , they're playful and all-rounders . 2 . the thicker the better . 3 . thrusting is a must , but shorties are good for some of the hardest techniques ; it's all about skill , not stamina ! 4 ... fe is not kindness . that's such an achievement ! i like them and their intensity , but sometimes it's way too overwhelming to me ! at its best , they're responsible , mindful and passionate individuals who have very strong convictions and will always ... i think your friend blew the escalator theme out of proportion , and i do think it looks like unhealthy t . healthy ts may debate extensively , but they'll give you sufficient reasoning that what you're ... no , i don't like sarcasm at all . sometimes i do use it , but i try to be careful and craft words in such a way that it sounds like joking and not offending . the only constant thing that makes me cry is to be yelled by my parents in a scolding way . there's a lot of stuff that makes me cry too , but they depend on the situation . i learned that most traits that enneagram type descriptions tell ( being generous , selfish , insecure , low self-image , being intellectual , amicable , long etc ) are superficial . they only work if you see ... 6w5 sp / so i've had the same impression . when i've read character and neurosis , i found type 2 not to be a very superego function . i've seen it more as an id function , because of it's strong need for love , and ... to be a fully grown adult , i must embark in the quest for mental autonomy . yeah , money is good , a job is better , friends are awesome , family much more , but i can't be a thoughtless sheep . i can't ... ockham's razor is bullshit . it works like , 10 % of the time . i can accept mass consumption in christmas , it's ok for the economy . what i don't accept or tolerate is that roman and christian catholics celebrate christmas in consumerism . their teachings say that ... what do mean exactly by power ? please clarify :) it's a very sweet and tender track about flirting and charming people to you . the chorus has no sense at all , but it adds that feeling of deepness that ... people who date other people based only on mbti / enneagram / disc / any typology do not know what they want in a partner . - vaginahead . - vagina in the dark . - 2001 : a space vagina . - the vagina horror picture show . - vagina wide shut . i'm starting to think i'm so or at least sp / so . i value more than 2-5 people's opinions . i'll do research , thanks for enlighten me . now , continuing with the controversial opinions : the whole 2012 ... people take the credo don't care about what anyone says and thinks about you to absurd , and i mean really absurd extremes . okay , it's really unhealthy to base your whole concept and value of ... i'm so happy and relieved , i got exonerated on a very tough exam . but tomorrow's my biggest targets awaits : macroeconomics and qualitative research . regarding school massacres , i think the majority of people are very ignorant because they only debate about the right to use a weapon . they forget that it's bullying and discrimination the triggers ... i do stand out of the crowd . my responsibility , work ethic , organization skills and enthusiasm leads people out of apathy and uncertainty . however , i don't always like to be a leader , a pioneer or ... i collect lots of info about final fantasy , movies ( film junkie ) and politics , but the latter is because of my career . and i constantly search random stuff on wikipedia . marriage by itself doesn't assure commitment . to hibernate for one year . i'm so tired . oh yes i do , but i focus on the morbid side . i love to make jokes about death , sex and disturbing issues . i even talk about how someone will die . however , i know everyone doesn't like it , so it keep ... violet , green and abstract tan . the place to discover yourself : kitteh : 1 ) macchiavellism is wrong . and i mean really wrong . 2 ) you can't judge people according to the music they listen . i have friends who love singing and dancing reggaeton ( sort of grind dancing music ) ... i think the need to be correct is fine , but don't hurt people's feelings in the process . you can agree to disagree , not impose what you think is right ( obviously there are exceptions to this rule ) . ... people have more secrets than me . i'm very open with my life details , except those that involve third parties , i respect other's privacy . however , i shut up many criticisms and opinions . i prefer ... easy come , easy go . hell yeah i'm social last . i request a judgement . preferably from someone who has read my posts and has some idea of how my character is . if there's no one , okay . i want to know how i come across on the internet . i don't know if peta people have done it before , but it would be a great idea that those models go naked for at least one day . i'd be much better if fat and obese people of peta go naked . it would ... : * i think solidarity is a universal value that should be in every single culture . i think the most noble and virtuous thing is to help others and dedicate yourself to service . i think every ... i think the beatles are way too overrated , just as every 60s - 70s british singers / bands . the concept of female virginity is a big cause of history's sexism . i think that england and spain should have never collonized america ( both south and north ) . i don't care how much technology , advancement , and values they had . indigenous people are just as complex , ... josephkonrad i've just set rules for discussion . thanks for your warning ! i'm interested in seeing other enfjs ' political views and why they support it . i highly support social democracy . i think that capitalism , while still basically good , does leave people in extreme ... vocaroo | voice message it really sounds sixish hahaha . well , to be more exact it's impossible to put concrete patterns of behaviour in mbti types . they deal with cognitive and decision-making dynamics , not behaviours . an enfj can be an emotional ... some submissive and unassertive enfjs play victim . they put their image of helpfulness and sensibility to auto-justify themselves every time someone steps over them or abuse them . passive ... quality time , honesty , and that people's help and support . that includes mutual responsibility , financial aid ( if it's possible ) , supporting one each-other in tough times , etc . for example , i think ... jawz thank you for such recognition of us ! too bad you retired ... hope to see you again ! well , if anything , my ode to you is for being very open to such other types . your fraternity makes people feel ... very predictable . my words , personality , face and gestures tend to speak a lot . i'm not good at lying either , although i have a lot of confident charisma when i speak in public , which could be good ... '