' work : student . hobbies : studying , gaming , reading , dvds , anime . mainly the first 3 . partnerships : none , and i plan not to have any . travel : train , on foot , usually to the local woods or ... same . like you said , love isn't concrete , so how can it be made ? : s ... the meaning of life is meaning : whatever it is , wherever it comes from , a unified purpose is what gives meaning to life . - mihaly csikszentmihalyi . not sure if i agree with the unified part . i find this infuriating and disheartening . i've had done to me before ... your poor mother :( your poor mother should tell your sister to get stuffed , but with a better choice of words . i'd say more ... oooohh , i like . i like a lot . :) especially the distinction between love and lust . i didn't know of your blog before you posted this btw . hmmm ... 32 for me . i'm not sure if i should be worried or not , since i agree with hornet that it is resemblant to an unhealthy / still developing intj / p ... my god . 2004 . who knows what they think now . imo , love is ( although i think i missed few , and i wasn't sure if you meant romantic love or not ): something we define ourselves , individually . ... creepy ... nearly all of these are my faves too :) why is it whenever i come into the intp forum , my brain implodes ? :) i'm not religious , and i don't see death as the end . i see death as a second part of a cycle , or a next stage . ( level 1 complete ) . or maybe death as a recycling of materials , cremated or otherwise ... true , energy is the biggest hurdle . i don't know if you watched it , but james said that the biggest hurdle was health & safety . imagine , he said , where we are all in metal boxes with highly ... james may's inventions did an episode on flying cars if you wanna check it out . there is an actual model of a genuine flying car :D why would you approve if the ' great war ' if it is one of the bloodiest and brutal chapters in history ? just wondering ... i like eggs too . but as you demonstrated here , the defination of treasure is subjective , regardless of its dictionary definition . well done monkey fritz and lirulin for getting the answers right ... here's a easy riddle for you until someone comes up with a new thread ... and no cheating ! :) i am a box without hinges , lock or lid , yet within my walls a golden treasure is hid . what am i ? ... to me , it sounds like making jokes ( no matter how sarcastic ) is your way of coping when you're nervous . that doesn't make you bad or heartless . spontaneous perhaps ... but then again , bad and ... i really don't see the appeal or point of anonymous love letters . it would just make me nervous and angry . how am i supposed to ' love ' someone who has to hide behind a facade just to approach me ? ... although i don't have any brothers or sisters , i consider myself protective of my family and my friends , though i'm too young and feeble to take any action against aggressors in my family . i act ... on my psychology course it was found by professional psychologists that there was a 60 % ( + or - 4 % ) heretibility rate in personality , intelligence and traits , ( although these findings have come under ... i cant remeber where i heard this but it made me laugh : ' i asked my parents what sage advice they would give me to take through life . they replied ; ' when you're watching your first porno , just ... guilt is a great one for me , as is sheer , blind panic , ( although panic not so much ... ) . feeling forced to do something will only make it worse . have you tried getting your friends to work / study with ... personally speaking , the intj sterotypes make me laugh and and annoy me at the same time . but then again , they are sterotypes i suppose ... i'd go into detail but the quotes you provided said it all ... what does a man with a 2 - foot cock have for breakfast ? this morning i had cornflakes . - rik mayall for when hack saws just don't cut it , petrol driven chainsaws always will - me the evening , usually when the sun sets and definately the nighttime . so peaceful and quiet , and the sun setting is often beautiful if you catch it at the right time . a very good point , i'll have to remember that logic when i am doing the presentation . a wonderful way to make nervousness obsolete : happy : hmmm , so the audience is human after all ... : tongue : ... this is of great help - thank you ! blabbing is a big problem for me , so i will definately be using this advice ! : happy :: laughing : wow , 1200 people + improvisation ... you must have nerves of ... how do you guys deal with nerves ? i try and focus on the task at hand , but sometimes it doesn't work . for the more shyer people here , how do you deal with public speaking ? because i can't cope with ... most unsure on s / n , and j / p . i can change types depending on my mood , which is such a pain . i only live in the present when i have stuff to do , but if i'm myself i can think about the furture . also ... she is beautiful ! i'm positive she has found a good home with you :) same . although i've never been smitten over someone , and nor anyone over me , but i'm certain i wouldnt do anything . i too , am oblivious . and i'd try and talk and rationalise myself out of being ... my gift to all infjs . i thought it was quite fitting , not sure if you would ... : blushed :: unsure : i like your attitude sir , * salutes * . : happy : strange ... i don't watch tv ... i quite like this idea , i might tag along :) although for myself it would have to be something to help animals or nature , or maybe helping renewable energy resources . greeting fellow beings whom i struggle to understand - i have brought it on myself to create the next pointless thread . got this idea from a book that i read . i dont think that there has been a ... hangovers ... : crying : i dont think its my existance . for me , its always what i say and how i act that influences people the most . for example , i was a having a conversation with a friend , ( can't remember what the topic ... hello and welcome ! hope you enojoy your stay : happy : and i think it's robert downey jr . in sherlock . when i'm bored or alone , i usually read , listen to music , play video games or surf the net for random things . i also like to build or draw , but i'm a student so i dont usually have much time for ... am i right in thinking that we already have a book / fave author thread ? although i'll e honest - i ... that is brilliant ! ! love the camp sauron : crazy : 14433 the image of sauron popped into my head when i read this . dont ask why . : happy : what a wonderfully weird way to answer a question ... whats wrong with people thinking your a ' freak ' ? : confused : there's nothing wrong with you , or the fact that guys don't approach you . they ... take what i say here with less than a pinch of salt . but i suppose you knew most of this already , seeing as others have posted them already . mainly the way he acts . there so much going on in ... i can relate to this thread . i know an infj male and he scares the hell outta me . i beleive that the upbringing , society and culture have a huge impact on ' equal treatment ' . tailored how ? if you're talking about learning techniques then it is not unreasonable to say that ... i think someone might have already posted this , but i love it so i will post it again ... war is god's way of teaching americans geography - stephen fry coulrophobia here . i cant even look at clowns . and dolls , of any description , totally creep me out . * shrugs * why not ? would herr flick of the gestapo be counted as a sterotypical intj ... ? and would helga be counted as the sterotypical intj counterpart , ( i forget what it is ) . '