' i wonder how many people will see this / remember me from whenever ; i haven't posted in a very long time but for whatever reason i feel compelled to say something here . i remember when i first ... i'm here , just not as active anymore . i don't necessarily plan on ' coming back ' with full force , nor do i want to completely get up and leave . we'll see . :D i think what people need to understand , especially people like us is that people have different depths of feeling . regarding people , their interests / dreams / aspirations / whatever , it's all highly ... i basically cannot listen to any song by the beatles anymore , because i associate it with late high school , which was just complete hell for me in every way possible . it's not overwhelming for me to ... i've learned to not be so utterly disappointed if someone i have a crush on does not feel the same way about me back . the thing is , you can't force yourself to go into a situation not caring how ... i am so completely done living my life in fear of my own emotions , and my self doubt preventing me from making any kind of changes . i'm absolutely sick of it . i am mostly working of off what is listed here : list of logic symbols - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia the dot ( • ) basically means and . i'm thinking that whenever i used it ( especially on ... so , i've got this assignment for my logic class that i could really use some help on . i was told that maybe some of you could help me on this . there's a few parts to this assignment , and the kind of ... i'm going to vent and then i'm going to force myself to write a 6 + page essay on my personal experience with depression . sigh . i'll take this as a sort of warm-up to writing about hard things i ... i presume you mean relatively very strongly . :P i'm afraid i'm becoming emotionally dependent on certain people in my life--i feel almost empty if i'm not in constant contact with someone . i have a hard time not telling people what's going on with ... i've been very absent from this site as a whole recently :( but here's a picture of me and my weird , crooked smile : sometimes ( like now ) , i wish i wasn't as introverted as i am . * comes in carrying a giant bucket of recent happenings , ready to spill * whoops , here i go ! the thing that's been getting to me has happened recently , and i feel like i should make a post about it ... i need them all . i need all the infp ladies . you know those times , those days , those nights , when you have no one to share your good mood with , so it goes sour ? yeah . i met a girl on okcupid about a week ago . we've been talking , we've skyped once , we have each others ' phone numbers . she lives in new jersey . i've taken quite a liking to her and i'm unsure how i ... oh my word . . _ . i don't believe groups of friends are legitimate and close friends if they are unable to speak with / be around with each other one-on-one . using the context of the group as a crutch , basically . my ... i met a girl today / made a friend in one of my classes . i felt very bashful because she approached me for a kind-of partner work , and it's a big class and we were practically alone in the back . she ... so i have the unusual feeling of wanting to spill something that i don't really talk about with anyone . thanks to the relative anonymity , i think this works okay . my life is pinpricked with an ... i want to hang this up somewhere so i can see it everyday xd / blushes thank you xd i went to my therapist yesterday and i mentioned to her that i was feeling a struggle-ridden pull towards wanting to be in a romantic relationship with someone . generally , she said it would be smart ... it's been a lot easier for me to laugh , to feel , and to smile recently . i got back to school a few days ago , and things are going swimmingly . i think the whole ' open ' feeling is a part of me weaning ... sadly , no . he died in 1995 . :( i'm downloading a whole bunch of bob ross videos before i set off to school in a week--it's one of the few things that relaxes me so much . :D mine is a picture ( not taken by me ) from a sigur rós concert--confetti and all . aside from them being my favorite band , i think the picture is colorful , chaotic and beautiful . especially since i know ... this probably won't look weird to anyone , but i decided to see what i look like without glasses . i'm practically blind without them , so i rarely get to see when i look like this ... xd ... i'm going back to school in a week--i am both excited and nervous ( as if those things were ever separate ) . i'm still unsure of what my major will be declared as , although i still have more time to ... there is a girl , a crush , from high school that i've probably mentioned in my posts before--it was really just a girl i liked to a pretty powerful , personal extent during my last year and a half in ... strangely , me too . i don't know what it was that made me want to be depressed--i had this idea that great artists were always mentally disturbed in some form or another , so i would go out of my way ... i remember in 5th grade after finishing the hobbit , i felt like a great adventure i had been a part of was over . my sophomore year of high school , i read les miserables by victor hugo . that book is ... i get what you mean , and have experienced that kind of thing in the past before . it seems a lot like a feeling of sexual or emotional jealousy or anguish that is just transformed into pleasure . it is ... i saw a pretty lady in the bookstore today . i wrote a poem about her : to the tall spanish girl in the bookstore , wearing high black boots , a brown skirt , a long coat with fake fur on ... i don't know about science or theory in itself , but if someone is talking about it intelligently , that turns me on . i guess it's just the intelligence that comes along with it . i have a girl infp ... oh screw it : i've had that sporty , very non-appropriate-for-me wallpaper up for yeeeaarrrss now . eek . so this is a very not recent photo of me--i must have been around 2 when this was taken : that's my mama and i . i had a weird haircut , it made my head look like a ... i'm spending new years eve alone in my house / room watching lord of the rings ( hopefully all of them ) on my little tv . not regretting it so far . then , sometime after midnight i need to write my ... damn , this is beautiful stuff . there have been times in public where someone will smile at me and i get the sense that they're also infp ... i think we mostly have smiles that could be described at shy but genuine . part of my ... - writing a poem a day for the entire year - trying to contact extended family more - trying my best to get closer to the people that surround me - and , is it cheesy to want to get into a ... i had one of those dreams last night . the ones where you're with a person you are or have at some point been attracted to , and things are going along well--it's this girl i've barely talked to and ... absolutely--sometimes my days pass by without me noticing , and without me being truly aware of what i was really doing . sometimes i just fall asleep , maybe that's why :P but i know what this means , ... i've been absent from here for quite a while ... i'm not necessarily busy , just not wanting to post much about what's going on in my life . :P i'm still going through emotional confusion ( what's ... i'm not sure if many of you are familiar with this graphic novel by craig thompson , blankets : but i just finished it about 10 ... southern new hampshire ! exciting , right ? it's around 3 30 am and i'm still awake . my sleeping schedule has been so messed up for the past few days . two nights ago i was up until 4 . i just emailed my profesor basically telling him that i'm ... i tell the truth too readily to people how seem like they don't really want to hear it ... i feel like i'm living in a loop . well , it looks like i've failed my first class ever . it's not a huge deal , it was basically an unneeded gen . ed , but still . putting as much as i could into the class ( it pretty much only consisted of ... '