a lion that doesn't roar is this a rhetorical question ? why do i want to answer these questions so badly ? i currently have a job i'm not too happy in , it's in an area i am interested in but really it's like a different area . i've always thought a job is a job it's just for money . i still have that ... you made sense i was thinking along the lines of am i just a dreamy person , sort of disconnected . but with people just sitting in front of the screen all day i see how life could pass by instead of ... over the last couple of years it seems like everything has passed by . if i get an idea to do something in my head i tend to do it soon , like buying on impulse , because it's what i want now , and then ... farts a girl liked me and i ended up avoiding her because i was young and shy when people gossip so didn't know how to handle it i suppose . a girl i liked and then kissed avoided me which broke me ... seals just speak english badly as if you were a foreigner trying to string together sentences . and dress like a thug it sucks that they don't care about making things last now at all i was thinking about how fragile things are , drop a phone and it might crack the screen , old phones and games were tough . now you ... in infants i remember the teacher giving us small cube lines to do adding sums , i already knew how to add bigger numbers in my head . i think later on the teacher gave me multiplying sums which were ... maths is easy and helps you . a clever person without maths knowledge would still look like an idiot without thinking about it i start a new hobby but it's not for fulfilling > will i lose weight ? if you eat less calories you will lose weight if you eat more you will gain weight . it's that simple , nothings changed in that aspect . just find lots of nice food so you don't ... why does everything break so easily ? ironically even more so with the advancement in technology . not much things last more than a small fraction of ones life , it's all glorified junk . funnily this ... i don't want to draw attention but i wear stuff i like ofcourse . i have 2 batman shirts . my style is wear the same jeans for a week and pick out any top that's nice oh i get you now . i'm kind of boring when it comes to food but have what you want . i like the idea of having starbucks or a smoothie or slushy before the meal and obviously you need to end on a nice ... $ 15 on one meal ? ! here in the uk i believe for possession of weed you only get a warning , and 3rd time you get a fine , if you're under 18 they tell your parents . that's what i recall from watching police on tv and ... i always get called selfish by my mum but consider it the other way around i like good endings . today i watched ' in time ' and if that had a sad ending i would have been pissed but normally i would like a sad ending , sometimes it just wows you or reminds you the movie was ... eventually . a sloth i don't know , let me have my serotonin levels checked ahh i make myself happy , how sad . i liked red leicester . the orange one . mature cheese aren't very nice imo i read something along the lines of , if you want to kill yourself , then congratulations , the world is now your oyster . as people are talking about it in the thread . being vegetarian is easy as long as you care enough about being vegetarian to have the discipline to say no to eating the same as family / friends . there's ... i made this thread because i was also procrastinating . hi-five hello my friends , itt we talk about what we want to do in the future . these could be long term or short term just as long as it's something you want to do for example going to university , watching ... mom : istj dad : xnfp they divorced just before i went to secondary school . i think older brother : xstj . he was the cool big brother . younger brother : intp . really early years i hated him , now ... but some could be even better , like food or water in places where it is needed desperately . say you sell a bottle of water for $ 10 in the desert , in a world without money you may haggle for an item ... money has value because we give it value only , without money then we would just value things against each other , valuable things would still be worth a lot so really getting rich in a world without ... i stole a chocolate bar from a shop and enjoyed it . fuck the police . then you do something to prove to yourself it's real , but you're still not sure haa everyone says 7 is the best . i need to play that , my older brother used to like final fantasy and i played his ff 10 which was so awesome . got darksiders 2 recently , well good for a hack and ... i wouldn't . anyway you've offered to help in a way that you'd be happy to do and some 1 else can cook , so the organisation can work around it by giving people different jobs or not have your help and ... 1 . computer games 2 . shadows 3 . sleeping / napping 4 . imagination 5 . smiles 6 . eyes 7 . feeling things physically 8 . drinks 9 . colours 10 . normal words that sound weird after you keep saying ... when you call a day of paying games and doing a tiny bit of work a productive day 48764from where i am sitting on my bed . window to the left , wardrobes on wall to right most infps are type 4 : tongue : usually 4w3 or 4w5 . i'm 4w5 and happy when i just do what i want . and this . people can seem crazy from the outside but they can be awesome . i wouldn't have thought cats would be able to adjust their eyes to see in dark pictures , because the camera captures a picture as pixels so the picture will always be dark without being edited ... i might not look cute at first , partly from my reservedness . however when people get to know me , i'm not taken seriously ! i'm a harmless animal to them . i just buy lots of energy drinks , chocolate . plus mobile top up , bus tickets if any , random things i want . this month was a bit off for me however , but here is my months expenses . probably missed ... i typed myself as infp from the start , thought quite a bit how i could be a sensor or thinker though . didn't know difference between judger and perciever at start but now i do . i mistyped myself as ... rebellious and / or exciting ? i don't think i really have a type so yes and no , can fall for any type because they all have their good points . maybe i just have a few types , i don't know . infp - can implant the word ' nipples ' into someones head , and not see through things you should be able to see through ( forgot the word ) like water and glass . we can also untie peoples shoelaces with ... fracx's sounds on soundcloud - create , record and share your sounds for free i think about my life over a lot of things . i listened to these songs earlier and they were amazing . the artist wasn't well known so i decided i'm going to be an artist manager . i want a website to ... they'd be like robin hood i look a little older and might act around my age or a littler older but i feel younger , like i haven't done much but i can do what i want . a kid with an adults mind . i'm 18 .