' one stereotype i disagree with is that infps all have this one giant cause . i don't have a cause : i have several smaller causes . i've actual felt at one time that there might be something wrong ... inspired by diaphinisedbat's first image , some chiaroscuro : ... grownups myspace delicious dreams i present : the tiniest snorfer ! : happy : : happy : : happy :  i like weird . intx : that doesn't make any sense . that kitten has the body of various foods . infp : yum .. pop tarts ! ! ! i convinced myself too . :D some pet peeves : 1 . people who think that since they're in a parking lot , common driving laws no longer apply . 2 . cats . i'm an animal lover . i try to love the little feline devils , but they're ... ... when you accidentally forget to recharge your cellphone . where's my keys ? i really really liked lost . i cried for 2 hours straight during the series finale . lost fueled my imagination and my emotions . it helped me understand other people even better . and hurley was ... that page isn't the the best source , imho . a lot of that list seems weaknesses of the human race , not just infps and infjs . i wouldn't use it myself . why are you reconsidering your type , if i may ask ? i think nfs fall in love easily . lots of unrequited love throughout life . sucks muchly . : sigh : aw , man , you've got it bad , baby ! :D my mother is a t , but she would never say something like that , and i know she can appreciate the beauty of a song without having to analyze it . dear powers that be , i demand more enfj women . thank you in advance . sincerely , infp male when i'm in stream of consciousness mode , i can be really eccentric , that's for sure . but i rarely let that side show to people i don't know well . so i guess i don't know why . maybe because i talk ... 20210 here's mine . but you can't quantify the human condition . think of it this way ... you buy a copy of the sheet music for moonlight sonata . you have an idea to explain it to the world , so that the world is filled ... another simmer ! yays for us ! i write ( and rewrite ) a lot of character sketches . i've something really amazing floating around in my mental ionosphere , but i need to flesh the characters out a lot . it's set in multiple time ... there are some things that cannot be said , they must be sung , because if said the magic is lost . i hope this helps some . : shrug : just browsing youtube and found this gem . : happy : love the video too , infp male that i am , also highly symbolic , love it , love it , love it . i also couldn't get very far into the description . come on , man , throw in a purple monkey or something every once in while so i don't fall asleep ! i'm just glad people quoted the article so i knew ... @ sparkle : wondering when someone would put some natalie merchant ! about time ! here's another tori amos . a direct quote from tori herself : this song describes the irreversible damage and pain ... lot's of good stuff in this thread ! like double-stuffed oreos ! chocolate-covered double-stuffed oreos ! : nom nom nom : ... when you want to be noticed , but don't want to notice that you're being noticed . i think my brain just flipped upside down . i'm not a part of your system ! and also there should be clowns and pandas with umbrellas . why ? because i like clowns and pandas . that's why . ( the umbrellas are there only because i suspect things will get messy . ) not grape vinaigrette : raspberry vinaigrette . the only thing is that i can't decide what kind of juice . and am i limited to fruit ? and if not , wouldn't soup be acceptable as well ? and if soup , why not milk-based soups . then again , fruit juice is ... infps , they're too moody , lol , j / k . j is work first , play later . p is play first , work later . a better description : if you put off making decisions till the last possible moment , you're a p . for example , you go to the bookstore to ... paaartyyy ! ! ! wooo ! ( wait ... maybe that should be in all caps ? ) i'm a 2w1 , 7w6 , 9w1 . so basically i'll be single forever . : sigh : coffee helps . i think we just seem unhappy because we dwell on our feelings so much . maybe the sense of unhappiness comes from looking at ourselves and not being the ideal we want for ourselves ? feeling unhappy ... we're like dew on flower petals : we're there , but you have to get close to see our true beauty . we like doing things by ourselves a lot , so we can be hard to find . we'll be anywhere we can find ... i think he's a p . the two types that i think are most like him are esfp and enfp , and possibly estp . i don't think i'm ever going to know for sure , but i'm narrowing it down , at least . thanks for ... nice . i'm new here too . :) that sounds like something he'd say . about 15 years ago , i worked at a seasonal job at a hotel about 200 miles from all my friends and family . i had no phone ( so communication was solely through letter writing ) , and i lived where the ... i need some advice ... i get this a lot when i finally pester a woman enough to get her to go out with me at least once : you're actually a normal person . try to identify what areas of your life are causing you the most anxiety and then set concrete goals to remedy that anxiety . i know exactly what you're feeling , and this is what i do . having an ideal ... ah , man , now i want to swim in a pool of juice ! ... when you don't understand why you don't understand why you don't understand . ... when you play video games for the storyline . ( me ) ... when you don't know what love is but you do know what is ... what ! no tori amos ? ! or do i have the wrong idea of infp ? or not enough have heard of her ? here's one of my favorite songs of hers ( a very infp song , too ) . silent all these years excuse ... hi , everyone . just saying hi , new here , etc . : tongue : interesting place you have here , think i'll pull up a chair . ok , start talking . i'll just interject a wise and occasionally witty comment ... '