' neither are scientific ; there is too many variables . if i like an item and i buy it , yeah maybe it's because i find it pleasing to the eye , but still in that respect it's still functional to me . the logic is that item makes me happy and it's ... loving the sp love . i wouldn't really mind . i like being who i am , whether i was introverted or extraverted it doesn't really matter . i'd say i stim . i mess around a lot . i'm not autistic , though . i'd enjoy being an entj for a day , just for kicks . it is true , you write a lot . :P writing , is how i type people . what they say , how they say it can say a lot about a person to me . online and even in person . it says a lot about how they think , and ... isfp and i get mistyped for , infp , and enfp . most of my friends who see me a lot socially would say i was an enfp . those who know me a bit more deeply think infp is possible too . that sounds quite funny actually . i can relate to that when i am in awkward situation . i wouldn't say being socially awkward was my thing , i just can be when the situation occurs . i mostly try to ... isfp 6w7 sp / sx i think isfp's can be aggressive . they are more there than infp's giving them more of a chance to react to a situation for better or worse . they have more of a physical presence . they can't take ... yes , you're right definitely an fi dom . i am more on the se side . your questionnaire didn't ramble enough for ne . ;) seriously , the difference between ne and se is always clear in their writing ... how i dress is very important to me . i love clothes , and the like . for me not to buy a clothing item within the week , is a rare occasion . i couldn't do outrageous fashion , though ; i dress plainly . i ... if you talk every so often , i wouldn't even worry about it . just ignore him . isfp - graphic design . how ? i didn't . i just kinda ended up there . i was originally in uni to study psychology but i didn't like the course , or the university , and all the other courses in my area ... threads merged . 1 ) what is your mbti ? isfp 2 ) what is your gender ? f 3 ) if you were in the hunger games what mbti type ( s ) would you pair up with to survive ? istp and intj . an istp would be able to ... i've always found tampons with applicators useless . just a piece of wasted plastic , if you ask me . but give them a go , and see if it makes it any easier for you . i have honestly never found a ... trust me , any hate towards sensors isn't as bad as it used to be . the forum has thankfully become more open minded since i started here . i would never consider mbti or any personality typing system to be scientific . there are far too many variables . i have more qualities of a stereotypical extravert . inxj's are pi dominant . i am more j like in the stereotypical sense . its where my main skill set lies . who isn't interested in some form of science ? i assume you are referring to as science , as in , physics , biology , and chemistry . and then you have your social sciences : psychology , sociology , ... yes , exactly . if you think about where the terms introversion and extraversion come from , there is a hint within them . introversion meaning interior and extraversion meaning exterior ... are you aware of cognitive functions ? introverted functions are subjective points of perspectives or judgements and extraversion would be objective points of views and judgements . not if you really think about it . everyone contains both extraverted and introverted functions , therefore they would be capable of both - it's just your main way of thinking . introversion and extraversion come down to whether you are subjective or objective . time and time again i will say , it has nothing to do with wanting more alone time over social time , or whether or ... one the surface , from my experience of knowing infp's is they are less here . i don't mean daydreamers because i am a daydreamer . infp's don't have their feet on the ground - it seems they have many ... due to the last few posts in this thread , and the fact that these kind of debates just cause arguments , this thread is closed . look at my avatar , and you shall always find her . i quite like amiable artisan and seeker & keeper of human values . i agree with eharmony . i wouldn't say their test is any better mind you , although i have never taken it - i am just assuming . typology would limit your interactions if eharmony based their matches ... i think we should ask the enfp's first if they want to be eaten . isfp 24 i have made life decisions but i'm not going to say these life decisions are the be and end all . there are far too many variables in life to say you will or won't do something . i would say i was more towards cp 6 than phobic , i wouldn't say that i have encountered problems with being told that it isn't possible to be one . * shrug * are you a all knowing being who knows how everyone thinks ? i thought not . don't claim you have it hard when you don't know how others go through life . being shy / outgoing has nothing to do with introversion / extraversion . it's to do with how your mind works . i am a outgoing / loud introvert . but i primarily think subjectively . estp . don't confuse se for te . do you have any favourite pieces or artists ? * sigh * i really dislike the whole infj's are special rubbish that people throw around . please stop . why not ? if you want to be socially involved in university , it'll help you . you don't need a fancy phone , if that's what concerns you . can you not go on a contract by being able pay each month ... this is old . 1 ) what is your type ? isfp 2 ) how do you usually compose text messages ( eg . text speak / full grammar ; direct / elaborate ) usually grammatically correct , few abbreviations , and ... i don't know , cause i is simple and i don't even understand my hand from my foot . honestly , it doesn't matter . i mean yes , they suggest types that are supposed to complement you if you were a walking robot of your type , but people are far too complex for that . saying that , ... beautiful reply . being fi doms , i'm sure more often than not you seem to appear or be more sensitive than other people . even i myself , admit to be sensitive . but what i tend to have noticed with infp's that i ... i love the esp's . you don't have to convince me . the problem with s descriptions is they are just going to be poor . you are best looking at the original source of se and si descriptions . i was joking , sweets . '