' enfp maybe ?  i'm wondering about pewdiepie . i used to think about him as an enxp ... but , in this video he admits he's an introvert , socially awkward and quite ... what type is each character of the novel shadow of the wind written by carlos ruiz zafon ? my guesses : daniel-ixfp fermin - entp julian carax - infj fumero - intj bea - inxx dad - isfj inxj isfp * we all share the same functions , but in reversed order . their relationship ... well it's toxic symbiosis . my mother is completely overwhelmed by father , and yet dependent on him . he seems to ... i'm an only child of an entj father and isfp mother , so i don't get on well with them - because i am too different from my mother , and too similar to my father ( two xxtjs with different visions of ... do you think that you're born with certain mbti type ? because i think that rather our experiences shape our personality . when i was young , i had potential to become an extrovert , most probably ... thanks for reccomendation , i'll try it . so , you mean ili ? does anyone have an idea ? arctic monkeys has ni + fi vibe in my opinion . 1 . se 2 . sefi 3 . not type releated 4 . introvert . 5 . se . xsfp 1 . i enjoy interpreting the meanings behind the pieces of art , i don't really like ... 1 . inxx . weak si . 2 . ne / si 3 . i'm not sure if it's type related , sounds like unhealthy ni / se 4 . weak si . 5 . maybe fi . inxx . 1 . i argue not for the sake of the discussion , but to prove i'm ... istj ni 1 . introvert , intuitive . 2 . te 3 . nefi or sefi 4 . ne 5 . ekstrovert enfp 1 . i constantly loose objects like umbrellas , gloves , sunglasses etc . i'm often diving in my own fantasies , and don't ... intx , i can see ne and ti , but you also seem more j than p . 1 . i express my opinions directly , and some sensitive people confuse it with insulting them , or their taste , or their worldview , despite ... to me : tom intj polly intj also campbell estj ada esfp arthur - isfp grace - isfj freddie thorne - infp what about the characters from season 3 ? xntp 1 . sometimes i not only not avoid conflict , but i cause it - because i believe that if something is wrong , you should point it out loud , otherwise you let others continue with their ... you still seem enxp to me , maybe entp , i spotted fe . again - since nobody answeared : 1 . i express my favourite aesthetics through the way i dress - although i don't do it in very literal way - it's ... enfp maybe ? 1 . i express my favourite aesthetics through the way i dress - although i don't do it in very literal way - it's more subtle and symbolic . 2 . people assume that i'm smart because i like ... 2 . introvert . 3 . fi 4 . fi 5 . evil 6 . not fe . sounds like se , i don't know why . ixfp maybe ? 1 . i avoid people who follow the rules just because it's the right thing to do , without ... those things made me think that . entp ? 1 . i consider world as a cruel place , so you either have to adapt or let it swallow you . 2 . i don't make first step , usually . 3 . i have my head in clouds 90 % of the time . 4 . i wish people ... exfp 1 . i am overwhelmed and sometimes even repulsed by activists who can't sit still , socialize way too much and try to be everywhere . 2 . i feel awkward when i'm in the centre of attention , ... exfp 1 . i am overwhelmed and sometimes even repulsed by activists who can't sit still , socialize way too much and try to be everywhere . 2 . i feel awkward when i'm in the centre of attention , ... exfp 1 . i am overwhelmed and sometimes even repulsed by activists who can't sit still , socialize way too much and try to be everywhere . 2 . i feel awkward when i'm in the centre of attention , ... exfp 1 . i am overwhelmed and sometimes even repulsed by activists who can't sit still , socialize way too much and try to be everywhere . 2 . i feel awkward when i'm in the centre of attention , ... exfp 1 . i am overwhelmed and sometimes even repulsed by activists who can't sit still , socialize way too much and try to be everywhere . 2 . i feel awkward when i'm in the centre of attention , ... exfp 1 . i am overwhelmed and sometimes even repulsed by activists who can't sit still , socialize way too much and try to be everywhere . 2 . i feel awkward when i'm in the centre of attention , ... isxj ? i got si and j vibes . edit : that was for wisteria . witch of oreo - intx vibes . 1 . i hate small talk . 2 . i'm attracted to symbolism , always trying to find a hidden meaning of the message , ... cool ! i'm happy that he found his type ( and i'm glad that i was right about it : > ) yeah , i'm probably in the same group - but i need time to think and do my research to be 100 % sure . i can do both , but i would accede to nr 2 . looking at one idea from different angles - this is what i usually do . red ones - 100 % me . bolded ones - sometimes me . depends . i get bored easily , but if we talk about something that fascinates me , is important to me , or can bring me benefits - i'll go the distance ... 1 . ne 2 . intuitive perceiver ? 3 . feeler , maybe an introvert . 4 . feeler 5 . fi . infx , more infp than infj i guess . 1 . i'm almost completely detached from the reality . 2 . i enjoy analysing ... thanks xen , you're great :D as a child , i was 100 % tiger from winnie the pooh . now i'm somewhere between the first entp gif and the last one from intj gifs - but it depends on what people we are ... i can come up with many explanations - as i said before , i'm not a fairy ;) but i usually don't see those explanations as evidences , because some of my observations / analysis could lead to other , more ... my pro's are about what's reasonable , what can bring more benefits ( or less harm ) , what i consider right . so , more like pragmatism - but it depends on the situation . according to my mother ( ixfp ) , ... emerl 98 , thanks ! i can see myself in the description of unhealthy se , but i'm going to read carefully once again both descriptions , just to be sure . thanks for the tips . lol , i know that just having hunches doesn't make anyone an intuitive . however , i have a question about that : this seems to contradict with a statement from the most popular ... yup , intuitive functions are hard to explain , but i'll try to describe them as i understand them : ne is like a domino - one idea leads to another , this leads to another - an endless course . or , even ... i know , i meant quite visible ( for me ) or significant influence . i guess that it resonates somehow with me - but the same happens with the description of ti in the ixtjs . so , in that moment i am ... well , it makes sense . what about ni and not-so-low fi ? can those functions have influence on intp ? thanks . yennefer from the witcher is sexy , indeed ;) it's easier for me to function when i'm organized ; however , being scattered comes more naturally to me . really ? always thought that n-users ... hard to say , depends on the situation . i intent to focus on positive possibilities and use them , but also have tendency to overthink the negative ones . i know , it probably didn't clarify anything . ... firstly i got owl ( intp ) , and then chimpanzee ( entp ) . well ... i'm more confident around people than a stereotypical intp , but i hate speak in public ( always get stressed-out ) for a stereotypical entp ... yup , i considered them and rejected as an option due to a low fe ( that makes for me being an infj improbable ) and decision making process that is not limited only to fi ( because you mentioned ... 3 ) things that inspire ( d ) me ( then ) ? calmness of the sea , sounds of the guitar , sadness . 4 ) well , its hard to tell why i act like this , but i guess i unconsciuosly try to show my best side - and then ... hi ! i already did this what's your type questionaire , but i'm still not so sure about my type . you suggested that i may be an intj , and i would love to be one , but i still have some doubts . ... tommy shelby is an intj for me . he's an introvert , and his fi is quite visible - from time to time . chuck bass entj ? : o ni : burgundy ne : all the shades of grey te : dark green ti : dark blue fe : salmon pink fi : pastel blue si : black and white se : orange '