' this sounds like a thread for me . thank you . truly . from the bottom of my heart and the core of my soul . thank you . haven't gotten around to reading it just yet . just finished this masterpiece though if you know what i ... i could be a lady pirate ! i know , i've been off for a while . gonna try to be more active again , though i won't be doing as much reading and thanking posts as i used to . ain't nobody got time fo that ! i've missed you though , ... this is gonna be my last picture from this apartment . only lived here for 9 months , but i'm gonna miss it : unsure : 709642 hey , monsieur is back ! just saw american made and there was a couple sitting behind me commenting on every other scene . and they weren't whispering either ... oh my god , did you see that ? , ah , it's his car , no , is he ... i think a lot of people try to appear deep as a way to disguise how empty they are . a deep well without any water is of no use to anyone . except maybe a murderer who is trying to hide a body . ... congratulations ! just heard chester bennington committed suicide . he's been my favourite singer since i was ten and heard this song for the first time . he will ... even if there's certain kinds of music i prefer over others , i can enjoy songs from a variety of different genres . i think this is because i value lyrics over the actual music , which makes it easier ... omg , will littledreamer be the elizabeth to my william turner ? with hombre as jack sparrow ( captain jack sparrow ! ) how soon can you be in umeå , sweden ? : shocked : as soon as i've turned in this assignment you'll have my undivided attention ! no wait , i forgot ... i was gonna go see the latest pirates of the caribbean movie ... uhm ...  i'm sorry : sad : but violence is the only thing i'm any good at ... well , since i lack these fundamental decencies i don't see anything stopping me from shooting mr . hombre in the back . revenge is a kind ... well , i do know she likes my avatar ^ ^ but what would she think if i were to change and get a new one ? missal i'm feather lovely leaps , nice to meet you ^ ^ oh please , in what world are you just the second choice ? : wink : what do you suggest we do with the inmates locked up in the ban and infractions section ? me and some kids were fighting voldemort and his allies with our pokémon . oh , and we could also use magic ! why did i wake up ? : crying : not just a dick ! it would be the doc's dick , hence the uncertainty . oh , and i'd totally fondle the statue above me . i can neither confirm nor deny . i'm willing to do some research and confirm it for you guys . i've been wondering why there's so many foreign people who don't know swedish watching this video . turns out it's because of a movie called the ... no topless pics for you then : tongue : it's not what they say , i've never really had a close friendship with another infp so what we tend to talk about is just superficial stuff and i expect ... kyn is delusional . well , while you're still here i'd just like to compliment you on your guitar skills . i've been listening to your recordings for a while now . imp 4 is my favourite so far , with imp 1 as a close second ... i like being an infp , but i honestly prefer to be around other types . even if the stereotypical infp gives me a sense of calm i don't get when hanging out with other types , they can be kinda boring ... fartface is back ! : brocoli :: rockon :: brocoli : i have two people in my life who i consider my best ( and only ) friends . on our graduation we got the title of the school's three musketeers since you rarely saw one of us without the others , and ... the acting in the never back down movies gets worse and worse with each one ... i wanted a mindless fighting movie , felt like i watched a comedy : rolleyes : invalid attachment :( oh , i have a turtle-video ! this might actually make an infp hate me ... in my book personalitycafe counts as dessert , so i honestly don't know what you're on about . you're here , aren't you ? oh , and my type is non of your goddamn business ! i sometimes sit for great lengths of time trying to remember a word which i think perfectly describes what it is i'm trying to express . just sit there with the word on the tip of my tongue , ...  welcome to spam world , where the thanks are made up and the posts don't matter ! in this thread we're playing a game called scenes from my cat ( unfortunately my cat just got flattened by a truck , so ... neutral gay pro's : you are both feminine and masculine . you are protective of those that ... and music ! beautiful music ! sophocles , plato and aristotle ? edit : haha , how did i not say socrates ? ! ? great , that just cost me a saturday afternoon and a couple of nights sleep ... yes . i just watched the lego batman movie . i found it interesting how , in the beginning of the movie , you get to see him save the day and get celebrated by the citizens of gotham city . loved and revered ... '