' let's see ... arsene lupin off the top of my head , gentleman thief . sherlock holmes is another . claire stanfield from baccano . phoenix wright from the ace attorney franchise . kenshin himura from ... the football factor is meaningless to me . it's your demeanor . i've plenty of experience with intjs alongside , well , fact i've been dating one for nearly a year who has been my best friend for even ... ... i'm nearly 100 % sure you're not an intj at this point - . - have you actually tested it out or did you just come to that instant conclusion based on interactions with a single person ? you may be the first intj i actually dislike . tbh , you don't seem much one . sure you've not misidentified . anyway , an intj / intj relationship may not be the best for you from way you seem thus ... i'd have to go with introverts more so , though those who are least willing to talk and have actual things to share . not that i don't mind other extroverts or anything like that , i've just found i ... i have an intj girlfriend who frequents around here who is absolutely remarkable . i love the pairing really . she's remarkable listener , adds great things to have conversations on , we both enjoy ... intj ! she's funny , interesting , beautiful , trustworthy , loyal , clever , loving , and my best friend in entire world . i have tried other types before or realize they were what in retrospect , though ... kudos belladonna ! :p roud : if there are two things i'm proud of and take serious in my own way , it's the artistic work of storytelling and my own spirit when it comes to that . i am a 3w4 , after all : laughing : someone being ... in retrospect , what i'm about to type out is one of the ultimate shows i'm both an enfp and a 3w4 xd you can read if you want , i've feeling most probably won't , but i really need to get this rant ... i absolutely hate the more self-absorbed aspect i've noticed in some of the writing circles i've tried to get involved in . i've always been perfectly willing to assist others works and so on , though ... troll is putting it lightly =D 100 % correct ! lelouch is not a thinker . don't get me wrong , he does think plenty and calculating person , though that falls into just simple intuition . follow the series and see that while he wears a mask of being ... i can just feel the love radiating from you ! so they can better communicate , leading to understanding each other so people can avoid ad solve problems along with getting along with people . beat me to making this thread recently . while i can be enthusiastic and passionately behind things , i'm not the most bubbily of people . i'm in fact very rational , logical , calculating , and even ... title : grandmaster of theft genre : action thriller pov : 1st person protagonist rating : teen premise : vigilante thief cassidy cain / grandmaster of theft tracks down the omniscient phantom thief ... i show appreciation every single day ! <3 33 it's hard not to seeing as you're the best and you know i'm absolutely in love with you . : tongue : i just remembered again why i like enfps all so much xd oh yes and to put down for any who be interested , my im handle is prime_of_perfection@hotmail.com . main reason i just prefer is since i'm ... something i've been meaning to do recently is chat with more enfps one on one and just make more friends with since i only have one other friend who is an enfp . so , any enfps like to chat on msn ... * squeezes ! ! ! * thread of the day ! infp can be energy vampires generally from own experiences . they're alright people most of times , but they can get really needy , whinny , annoying , etc . which just hits my triggers to be far more ... it's pretty true for myself . it's something i realized more earlier last year . i have full on philosophical thoughts on it even since i won't deny my own hedonistic side to personality . really , if i ... happens to me sometimes , though one should keep in mind i'm far more close to an ambivert despite extroversion being far more dominant in me . most of time i do love discussions with others and being ... i actually made thread about this a while back ! writing is absolutely awesome , i'm right now releasing a story i've worked on for while in weekly release . i'm hoping to gain more enfp friends who are ... nah , i'm a 3w4 wing actually . which shows with the reason why i was upset really , it robbed me of a chance to enjoy some competition . i love competition so it irritates me that i haven't gotten the ... i'm so angry ! bleh ! i'm an amazing player at this game called mafia and so it makes me a common target for night 1 kills from bad guys . irritated me because i really wanted to play : angry : ... well i can say that this enfp here is straight edge and especially hates smoking . you know you're an enfp when you're great at charming others & could easily get with tons of different people , but ... 4th time ... or maybe 5th . : confused : like i care , i'm no longer stunned in happiness i got yes finally and far too happy ! ! ! : laughing : try a library maybe ? i know my intj loves reading , as do i . speaking of my intj ... pluto is not a planet ! ! ! : angry : but should be ... : sad : i'm more on side of duality then anything else . i believe in yin & yang with aims for duality . so while i have an idealism for people depending on how they act and can recognize good in them , i'm ... i so don't get the joke . i know it's breaking a rule of comedy , but can you please explain it ? psst ... you're a women . at least last i checked ... : shocked : this is really old and i can probably arrange something far better now . it's actually far longer version , though i don't like that part as much as before . still , here we go with the beginning , at ... i really don't believe in any religion at all . i consider it to be just another form of philosophy in the end with a mystical route behind it used to make others follow their thoughts and justify ... sure , i'm open for it ! my hotmail is prime_of_perfection@hotmail.com i do have a bit of higher standards , though i am flexible about it really and it's nothing i consider actually being unreasonable , especially with what one gets in exchange . i did lower my standards ... i'm a type 3w4 myself . do love combination of enfp 3w4 , i feel it's perfect combination for me . then again , it's probably me just being comfortable with myself then anything else , but ah well , ... just thought of another i just had to add here ! i'm surprised i didn't think of her sooner . misa amane from death note . with all my other interests , i've never really gotten to explore that one as much as i'd like to yet . you can be sure once i do , my favorite person in the world will know . : cool : i'll need a suitable ... writing and acting are my two biggest of all ! writing more so , though i'm very good at acting as well . directing is also a grand skill of mine thanks to people skills , able to control situations , and ... i'm glad he's gone . he still creeps me out far less then a certain feet loving weird we know . that's a pretty weak justification for his actions : tongue : still a villain ! chinese zodiac , gent . i will note i'm actually a sagittarius so my traits on both side line up well . for chinese zodiac , give me a few minutes as it's been a while since i looked at it . monkey , off ... enfp villains are generally far rarer since , well , it's generally very easy to like us enfps , even in the villain role unless really written to be utterly unlikeable . we'd do evil so charismatically ... ravenclaw ! i really don't think mario is possible to use with this . mostly because mario doesn't really have much of a personality at all . us enfps are just naturally amazing ! i'd have to ask my intj just exactly why , though from time around here on perc and us putting more thought into it recently here and there , i would say it's ... to quote my laptop's background that faytes made me for christmas : it's not vain if you really are this beautiful . : wink : i can think of couple of times that's happened to me , though ... '