' what inconsistent ? : tongue : there are two reasons i would say that this has little bearing on your personality type . you're talking about a chick you're both young and male . it doesn't really matter what your ... pressyourluck : i suggest you ignore the sarcastic comments here , take a test , and read about the personality type the test says you are , and maybe read about some of the other ones as well . most of ... i don't think anyone here is going to be able to type you more accurately than a test itself . : wink : having you throw out a few statements at random is anecdotal evidence , and is not conclusive .  ... ix92d say itx 92s a lot different than being an s . ix92m in school studying math and computer science , so because of that i spend all my time doing abstract thinking , even more than most intpx 92s . i hardly ... well , see that's the beauty of answers like this . you can be very , very specific , and still account for other possibilities . doctors are famous for answers like these . they'll say , i'll be there , ... well , clearly that's an excessive amount of ' niceness ' . i think you just need to find some balance , but if you find yourself going as far as you describe , then i agree , it is a problem . as to ... orthopod : you just have to be very specific with your answers and caveat everything . for example , if somebody asks if you are going to some event , you say : if all goes according to plan . i ... will you marry me ? : happy : no , seriously , what you are talking about is being generous and self-less . these are admirable traits ! it sounds like you just need a little balance . too much of ... you know if somewone were to leaf through the dsm-iv long enough they willl find another half-dozen syndromes , complexes , and disorders that fit their symptoms . everything is a malady in that book , ... very correct , it doesn't say intp's anywhere in the title , because i chose to not put it there . i didn't want to limit the discussion to only intp's , but i did post this thread in the intp forum ... sorry , i'm afraid there are always going to be at least a few liberals around . : wink : i think i would get bored . it would be fun for a while though . : happy : one could call that apathy . maybe it's a tumor - kindergarten cop : happy : i don't wish for world peace . there are too many evil people in the world . war sometimes is the answer , i . e . for slavery , oppression , fascism , totalitarianism , gross injustice , et al . it's ... ok , then , i'll cross you off my list . no wishes for you . : laughing : aren't you a protector ? don't you want to protect things ? kevin , i'm not saying that we are fools in believing the things we've learned from science . the knowledge we have now is the best that we have . i think science is terrific , and i love physics and ... kevin , did you even read my post ? ix92m talking about the progress science has made in understanding the universe . astronomy , physics , chemistry , they all construct models to fit the available data . ... that's a nice wish , but , sadly , one of the critieria was that you have to spend it on yourself . : mellow : ok , you've been granted one wish . you can only spend it on yourself , and you can wish for anything . i'd wish for 50 more iq points , and the ability to remember anything i wanted with as much ... i always finish , sometimes quicker than i'd like . : wink : oh , i imagine you could feel differently about that pretty quickly . * chuckle * you just need some discipline . try joining the ... the earth is flat . the sun , planets , and stars revolve around the earth . the earth and the planets revolve around the sun . the stars a lights hanging from a big black sphere . these are all models ... i listen to podcasts almost continuously , but occasionally i'll listen to an audio book . in order of preference : grc | security now ! | featuring episode #213 the twit netcast network with leo ... selene , why are you thanking me ? you don't even eat meat . * puzzled look * i grilled out tonight for the first time in two years . ix92ve just been too busy with classes . when i grill out , i really grill out . i have a weber performer , which is a 22 1/2 x94 charcoal grill ... i take it he has never studied any physics . : frustrating : or calculus ... i know what you mean . i have an incredible sense of humor that no one else seems to understand . i like to say that i play to an audience on one . : happy : have you tried masturbation ? : laughing : also , a lot of people seem to enjoy drinking and / or online gambling . maybe you should give those a try . : tongue : good one . : happy : reading politics – [ reading about ] writing code [ computer programming ] mathematics listening to technology podcasts neverwinter nights computer game [ d & d ] dungeons & dragons – reading or ... i have to admit , that is a disturbing video , and it did give me something to think about . : unsure : i did some looking around the web , and found and watched a series of videos on a beef slaughter ... where to start ? well , domestic turkeys are one of the dumbest animals around . i have been told they must be kept out of the rain , or they will drown . i don't know that that is true . i always ... first off , i will say that it was very forthright and , if i may say so , mature of you to outline your motivations as you did . it speaks well of you both to notice and to reconsider what you termed ... here ’ s something i read recently in an intp type description , “ intps are not often aware of others ’ feelings … they concentrate almost entirely on the content of any conversation . they simply do not ... i've been in charge of a lot in my life . it's not very rewarding , not for me / us anyway . the money is sometimes good , but it distracts one from contemplating the conceptual puzzles we all know and ... i'm not going to get in between you two , but you did say one thing which i seized on . humans have morality , and consciousness . yes , they do , and it is orders of magnitude different than that of ... selene , i don't know why you backed off , and thanked me on top of it . : unsure : it seemed like you had a strongly held belief , not one that i agree with , but one to which you had given some thought . ... only if they are not gay . : tongue : and only if they don't contract vaginitis . : wink : vaginitis - clips - south park studios i'm aware of all that , and i still like meat . it's delicious . if we weren't meant to eat cows , then they wouldn't be made out of steak . i had some steak yesterday , in fact , simply ... i think it would be more accurate to just say you don't like meat . applying the label , vegetarian or pescetarian , implies you've chosen not to eat meat , not that you just don't care for it . : wink : i just checked my scoring code , and as far as i can tell it should score the same way as the printed version i have here in my book . i can't do anything about ties , other than find a better test ... the horror ! think of all the poor peanuts ! hehehehhehe hmm , if a bunch of people get weird results , then i'm going to have to check my program logic . : confused : thanks . eh , 20 hours or so over 2 days . i think it's around 1600 lines of code . wow , isn't that your opposite ? : tongue : sorry , i didn't create the test . i copied it verbatim . as long as i don't cause a syntax error in my class project page , i'll be ok . i'm querying the same database . : cool : this is why i needed test subjects . :) it should work now . thanks well , it's not a very good test . * chuckle * it has eight questions for each attribute , which allows for ties . it's not new or original , and there are certainly better tests out there . but it ... '