i feel some way about people that can't solve the problem if that counts . i don't relate to any fictional characters , but years back a relative watched the first season of dexter and said he reminded them of me . new improved recipe ? so it actually tasted worse than this before ? it's not a netflix production , but yes . i find naomi and james to be rather irritating in the show and it's not just their faces . in the books the spacers are really tall and thin due to being ... read the books ! there is a difference between being alone and being lonely that i feel the op is missing , but anyway ... i'll be alone in death but my circumstances would have to change drastically for the process ... an argument will be argued else it isn't an argument . as this post exemplifies , i can be a tad pedantic so quibbling is not beneath me . some wrongs must be righted . or subtly mocked . i don't say it , but yes . i can't help but critique . unwilling to share the examples that i've just thought of online , but please believe that my mind instantly looks beyond the human tragedy element ... i wish my posts would stop disappearing . these snippets of genius should be cherished for all time . i'm struggling with my superiority / inferiority complex today . wanting to blame the wonderful women i have and had in my life for allowing me to go so long without learning how to deal with ... i've never felt sorry for a cock roach before , although i've always found it easier to sympathise with animals that aren't human . you can lose your job . you can lose your wife . you can lose all your money . but never lose your cool . you'll need that to get it all back . can't recall where i got that , but it's stuck with me ... critique withdrawn . i don't know how unconscious this fermentation process is though . i can think of examples such as colonisation being justified because the rest of the world were savages who ... why has this not been done yet ? i don't believe the emboldened to be true in most cases . it might be comforting to think that the things we do are the result of a fairly exhaustive scientific or logical process , but a study of ... under the right circumstances this could be a wonderful death threat . . you can't engage in intellectual banter ? : unsure : currently : politics of envy , champagne socialist , social justice warrior ( sjw ) , political correctness , donald trump , redneck , mansplaining , and race war . democracy when not followed by ... if you told me that the sound of my voice could heal someone from something qualified doctors consider to be fatal i might send a voice note after laughing uncontrollably . that sounds more far ... i agree with vinnie bob thornton and she hulk . tell your cousin and let him know that there is no expectation for him to turn up at his dying fathers sick bed . it sounds like he needs to get his ... remember when people could post in this thread and the readers appropriate response was to either click ' thank ' or move on ? i miss those days . i'm not setting any rules or anything , but surely a ... there are two cases . 1 . if a relationship has either been determined to be destructive or the determining process itself is destructive , then the solution is to discontinue the relationship . 2 ... the earth does not spit volcanoes . : laughing : if i've disowned someone they're dead to me already . shared dna isn't a factor . repeated attempts by third parties to bring such a person back in ... this talk of gender roles made me think of a discussion i had long ago about homosexuality and the idea that it's unnatural . one of the things covered was that for centuries we didn't know that there ... i'm finding this verbiage to be more than a little piquant . :p roud : i don't know how i've gone so long without hearing ' meretricious ' , but have heard all of its synonyms . fair exchange . i'm going to be using ' detritus ' in the most vivaciously supercilious manner possible this weekend thanks to you . supercilious is quite possibly my favourite word in the english ... my inner sanctum has been breached , but thankfully i have a vanilla scented candle to deterge it . the realisation of the emboldened point should have stopped you from posting here . if i or anyone else wants to continue conversing with you it should be done elsewhere . this thread is not meant for ... the fact is she didn't name you so you weren't in anyway defamed making every post you've made in this thread unnecessary . you need to respect boundaries , like not posting in a thread meant for intjs ... that's some ableist sh * te . decided against posting this in the relationship questions for intjs thread because i know i can word it better , it's a jerk move and i fear that it's severely lacking in originality . still ... indeed . if you're going to kill someone make sure it's for your own benefit . it won't kill you : a comprehensive cookbook full of quick , edible and instantly forgettable meals sociopathy : the logical result of engaging in a world without justice cashier : are you paying with card ? i can't take cash at this till . me : yeah , that's okay . four hours later i return to store and find the same cashier at a different till . me : so they trust you ... i was happy to watch it all anyway . simon amstell is delightful . being there and nevermind the buzzcocks ; i'd tell you that you have impeccable taste , but it'd feel too much like complimenting myself . a being there reference ? i know it's ridiculous that i want civilisations a century or two from now to look back in time at me and think ' wow ! he was ahead of his time and our time ! ' , but that's how high my standards are . - ... the place , time and date that jesus was conceived because it's the silliest answer that i can think of . or to watch the universe implode , when it implodes , from the most visually stunning point ... i love it when people use words that i've never heard before . * adds ' inveigled ' to vocabulary * he has told you that he likes receiving emails from you so there's no need to worry about being smothering and / or annoying especially if no response is expected . in one of my first games of mafia i successfully investigated a mafia member every night for 7 nights before being killed . i wasn't allowed to live beyond night 3 in subsequent games so settled on ... i am now . i just grabbed the ebook of self-made man . i like the article that i linked as it does a good job of debunking a lot of the stuff spouted by anti-feminists and critics of third wave ... a reply to lauren southernx 92s x93why ix92m not a feministx 94 the invisible minority of the tech world by kate li if damore is being silenced by the pc commie left then why is he being interviewed on national tv so much ? is it not the case that he got fired and the conservative right kicked up a fuss blaming the ... words of wisdom from the intj excerpts from everyday conversation thread . north korea ffs . there's no rush to catch that particular train . it waits for all of us . i look forward to the journey , but am still curious about what joys can be gotten from the one i'm currently on . the sweet release of death .