' basically this ... can i has cheezburgr ? i am very fond of my top hat too . i certainly did not expect to see a thread about top hats on here haha . streets of rage 2 for sega . i think incorrectly . senior year of high school i found out my dad is a rapist , i had to do college applications , my sister is insane , i started doing awful in school because of high anxiety and depression because my ... i believe that richard is probably ruling a country somewhere and developing a cure for all diseases in existence . ugh , so much procrastination . i started a paper that i had multiple months to do the day that it was due at 3 a . m . and finished it at 6 a . m . even though it had to be 8 pages and be a synthesis of 5 ... bucket list 1 . ) become immortal . both entp and intp could be considered the jack of all trades in my opinion . * cricket sounds * your argument is something that a nazi might say and is therefore wrong ( reductio ad hitlerum ) . my other one was an appeal to tradition or if that doesn't work for you there are other fallacies ... i've read a book with a similar idea except done in a much better way . that is adorable . intps are terrible people . i just enjoy entps in general . ideas . another intp in existential crisis mode ... i think i heard about this happening once . if i remember the story correctly it generated a new life form , ended the cold war and was about the same as most human to human interactions . my room mate is often very annoyed with my sleep schedule and i'm often woken from a nap when he walks into the room . hey guys ! great thread ! if i post on this thread once that means i'm going to have to post again and then i'll eventually never be able to stop posting . if i keep making threads i am eventually due for a good one . i'm not sure about social protocol in the area where you live but i've personally never been bothered even in the slightest about asking to go over to other people's houses and i think it's ... you could try suggesting bonding activities such as playing a board game together . i personally enjoy chess , but there are many two player games or even video games work . playing games together may ... though i wouldn't be able to give you any advice i would say that compatibility with another person is not entirely determined by the personalities of the two people , there are more factors such as ... in this thread we argue with people only using logical fallacies . ex : me : this thread is going to be awesome because i'm awesome . you : no it won't because everyone else is saying that it ... i enjoy how pretty much every single intp thread starts off with someone making a joke . procrastination will be perpetrated by the intp up until the last minute unless the intp is stimulated by an outside force or the activity being done is being used to procrastinate another project . i barely remember to put pants on before leaving my house . that's completely irrelevant to your question just something i felt like sharing . i probably remember my dreams 6-9 times a month . though i ... 230346 i enjoy the rainy cloudy weather much more than the cold certainly haha . i have nearly walked out the door of my house without putting on pants on multiple occasions . i'm going to say yes because those eyebrow movements are fantastic . i enjoy that all of the ideal date activities for intp are games that make us think . actually i would say that all of the parts on the left hand side were fairly accurate to me . i'm not familiar with ... intrinsic value is important but i really don't take any gratification from either outer or inner influences and it's rather depressing . i rarely experience them . no really , i got the project done early and didn't procrastinate . i was in kindergarten and vomited on the playground . i then decided since i was sick i should go home , so i walked out of the school yard and walked home . i didn't realize that i was supposed to ... i spend my free time coming up with ideas to take over the world . actually what's going on is that there is a conspiracy that was started by the intps to make other people believe that intps are actually conspiracy nuts . the truth behind it is that it's actually ... i have a couple because perc people are generally pretty awesome in my opinion . i believe emotions are a choice that is made by ourselves . we do not feel anything emotionally when a complete stranger , that we have no connection to , dies and if we were to apply the same ... i'm tired of life , it doesn't seem worth the effort to me . we're all just going to die anyways . i didn't like the great gatsby . spend all of your allotted time to accomplish something procrastinating and then ask for more time . this works best if you have already asked for more time at least once before . what sucks is getting stuck on what the meaning of life is and being unable to come up with an answer and thus entering into a never ending existential crises . nothing gets you motivated for the day ... what's the point in asking ? it doesn't matter anyways , nothing really matters we're all just going to die . hi i'm human , but mostly human . nice to meet you . '