' those are excellent examples and explanation , i wouldn't be able to provide any better than that . : happy : thank you for posting this : happy : . i feel the same way you do about some of the ... 4w5 sp / sx here : happy : hello , hope you like it here : happy : nice avi , beautiful and distracting .. maybe ill try the drums then . although i have always wanted to play the piano . i play the guitar .. used too anyways . i cant seem to stick with practicing ( too repetitive ) , it makes me lose interest . i love music : happy : i was wondering about this correlation too . it seems to me that type 9 could be linked to fe greetings : happy : maybe this is just me but , i can relate . sometimes i don't know what to say when a someone tells me something like this about themselves . i don't want to dump all of my pity on them ( i don't really ... like many others i go into isolation when i am feeling overwhelmed and need to sort out feelings and just reflect , this is a must . but for the most part , i go because i simply enjoy my own company ... i also voted and posted it on my facebook : happy : hope this helps you same as above ^ i have an automatic but i prefer a manual . more control , i dont like how / when automatics shift . thanks eylrid for posting this , it is very help full for someone like me trying to come up with some ideas for running routines , im trying to find something that works for me , keeps me interested ... this sounds like quite the neat plan and i hope it goes well : happy : i live in minnesota .. so yea .. no go yes you explained it so well , its the same for me . i recently just had this conversation with my infj sister , she wants me to finish up 3 of my video games , some of my art projects and some books ... 21 yrs old sagittarus i havent really gotten into astrology , ive got too many other things im into right now . maybe once i get time ill look into it someday : mellow : i dont use it or care to myself . but i have no problems with people using it , i think it should be legalized . in fact if it was legalized i would probably use it once in a great while . i have 2 brothers and 6 sisters , so all together including me and my parents 11 people in my family . i am the 2nd oldest . dad : esfj mom : isfj older sister : esfj 1st younger sister : estp 2nd ... im teaching myself to play electric guitar , like spacemonkeyx ( ^ above meh ) im doing it by free online web sites . its going pretty good for me : happy : im 21 yrs old 5 ' 11 tall 150 pounds , physically fit / trim : happy : i used to play football , i was a wide reciever . it only lasted till my freshman year though , then i lost interest and had injury problems . now i play sand court volleyball ( i come from a volleyball ... * stalks * ... cause im curious . i love anime and it is pretty much the only thing i watch on tv anymore , besides for the occational history channel documentary or something similar to that . i collect both anime and manga ( im not ... tool-aenema deftones-change been listening to both tool and deftones alot lately . personally , i really think this is some good advice ( at least for me ) . in which i am going to take some of it : happy : thanks ! linkin park - given up : mellow : my mp3 is set on shuffle . that sounds like a really good game :) im a regular gamer , but not hardcore ( ive got alot of other things i like to do ) . i like rpg's mostly , final fantasy ( pretty much all of them ) , chrono ... in my own space at home bookstore library outside , exploring the woods yes i can completely relate to this , exactly how you describe it is how it is for me too . : crazy : ahh its kinda hard for me to choose .. but id say blue i guess . though my favorite changes from time to time : laughing : thanks for posting this . i think your perspective you are describing is the true way to be yourself and i agree with it . i guess i dont have much else to say : happy : thats what i usually do ( for the important things ) , having a list seems to work pretty good for me , especially if i put it somewhere where i spend alot of time or somewhere i go past all of the time , ... i feel similar , you wrote just what i wanted to write : crazy : same here , my thoughts and feelings are all there but trying to get it out in an understandable way .. ug yea it usually dosent work so well . hmm i have a somewhat similar situation . i am an infp male that likes / has liked a enfj female for quite a while now ( she took the test ) . i actually grew up with her and have been best friends with ... i used to be there too . cept i changed my user name when i got here , my old one was expression_is_life . i agree with the knowing your intuitive , at least im pretty sure you'd know . other wise maybe just observe yourself interacting with someone ( if you get what i meen ) . i like sacastic , dry , and dark humor . like many others here . i know exactly what you mean . i dont think i could explain it any better though . i agree , i read the same book and i thought it was amazing . : happy : i think i died laughing when i went there and read that page : crazy :: laughing : same here . i go around talking to everyone . im also more open , with feelings and thoughts , expressive . '