' i always viewed the parental unit similarly . i'm an introvert and my personality does not jive with people who need frequent social interaction or who feel the need to incessantly ask / demand trivial ... eh , i would have a problem with * me * being someone's raison d'etre . seems rather clingy / dependent . i don't like that kind of pressure . you are correct though , the people i do care for know it but ... atheism is the new religion . atheists.org - donations are tax deductible , they've paid for billboards that are anti-theistic , they're recruiting / indoctrinating ... it's the religion of non-religion ... the only way law is a deterrent is if they believe they will get caught . murderers don't think twice about committing murders because they don't think they're going to get caught . i don't imagine ... by your own admission corporations trample all over law . they find the loopholes or manipulate the law itself to their gain . i can't think of any law that prevents anything . as i mentioned earlier ... so anyway , i'm waiting on a response . did i win ? =D i drive out if necessity but i don't abhor it . i love riding though . some people argue for fun . i like understanding why people think the way they do . it's just ammo . i'm not sure in what sense t-book ( his rapper name ) meant jumping off ... it could mean offing ... i don't think you understand the degree of which i love arguing . i think ' corruption ' is like the war on drugs . do you think we can ever make drugs go away ? we can't legislate away corruption or human disregard . no one in the history of mankind has been able to do ... france . don't get me started on them . firstly , look at their national debt . secondly , the citizens of france are largely retarded . for example , all of their ' protests ' involve looting and destroying ... government is simply ineffective / incompetent at administrating any program . i don't know the current number of people on governmental assistance , though i think we can both agree that even should the ... i don't think the left intends that government aid creates dependence . i was merely remarking that i think it has unintended consequences that the left doesn't account for . my own mother abused ... and again , i'll still contend that what you list is against libertarian principles ( less the government out of ethics part ) . true libertarianism is ' almost anarchy . ' i view governmental ' safety ... social and economic issues overlap . for example , government aid is typically a focus of the left , it requires taxes and a determination of economic / social class with need . if you're for individual ... certainly , you can probably tell that i am a right libertarian ( and test as such ) . but at the base you can't have socioeconomic liberty and whilst practicing extreme left ideals . at least , i don't ... libertarian typically means advocating individual liberties . left politics don't typically coincide with that . nor does extreme right , ftr . ah , k . i couldn't tell if you were proclaiming the apocalypse from following libertarian ideas , stating that the issue need not be debated with ' those ' people , etc . i'm far from a republican . as mentioned , i'm all for individual liberties . for example , i'm all for the decriminalization of drugs , pro gay-rights , believe wholeheartedly in the separation of church ... what does this mean ? i found a number of what i believe faulty statements . what spawned the others was that one though . stating that something is common sense tends to imply it's incontrovertible . i'll accept that it ... so , are capacity limits still common sense legislation ? i'm still curious as to your comments on suzanne's presentation when you're available to view it . woah there , are you implying people that own guns use them to kill as many people as possible ? i will tell you without a doubt that banning cars would save many more lives than banning guns even if ... while i certainly think assistance for those victim to factors outside their control should receive assistance , that's not typically the scope of liberal policy nor what's objected by conservatives ... there's more to being anti-gun than all-out bans ( which many places have tried ftr ) . for example , california is not a shall-issue state , meaning that it is unlikely / extremely restrictive for citizens ... magazine capacity limits is common sense ? you've never shot a gun or if you have never became proficient . here's this for common sense , criminals do not obey the law , criminals are the ones who would ... fair enough . however , who can't provide for themselves ? what's the best way to deal with them ? liberals seem to think that you solve poverty by setting up social programs that provide basic ... i don't believe that making everyone poor is their intention . i do however think it would be a consequence of typical liberal ideals and policies . i'll list a bit of what i mean : 1 . taxes - more ... / / cocks conservative guns and takes aim depends on how you define cold heartedness imo . essentially with regards to the difference between liberal / conservative opinions of the role of ... sorry , but vampires haven't been a credible threat since twilight came out . even before then what you've never heard of a legion of vampires nor do they have a cool story like a mutated strain of ... it's a black and decker battery powered screwdriver . it's no makita nor does it have a replaceable battery but it was free . 2 inches ? that side is 10 ft . the desk is 5 and the bed's a queen ( also 5 ) most of my equipment is in the garage . the propane torch , mulitimeter , electric scew driver , obd ii scanner , puller set ... it looked worse yesterday ... as in crap everywhere yes , that is a copy paper mousepad . my old one dusted and kept clogging the laser . i don't actually drive a mini cooper ... that's my ... < motorcycles , guns , helicopters ( passenger , done it a few times ) , rollercoasters and i really want to jump out of a plane . i've seen plenty of professional women without heels . in fact , i think it's more professional to be wearing something practical for getting actual work done . personally , i hate when women wear ... m91 mosin , mark iii and glock 23 . anyway , i was never doubting what you said about the law . merely that court and prosecution don't always play to the letter if you have an overzealous da or other ... again , what the law says is open to interpretation . ' reasonable ' ' imminent ' ' serious ' are all subjective terms . you have to prove your case to a jury ; all of whom have their own biases . the case you ... not really . i'm in it , i'm an avid motorcyclist . i also happen to be really damn good with a wrench / cars / machines . would it bother me if i wasn't ? not even then , i would think . the only people who ... i would think that istps liking to do their ' own thing , ' typically having a problem with authority , being independent , etc . don't typically jive with military service . i'm sure if you want it bad ... nope ! it's not a model most people are familiar with . people misread the model sticker on my bike all the time thinking i'm on a ' customized ' r1 on though since the font / style makes it rather look ... great ... i saw one reference to the california penal code in that . i also don't see any mention of someone being indemnified from prosecution should in the drawing of arms cause death of ... real close . think cross between an r1 and fjr . remember , i said the headlights are deceptive . no , it makes a lot of sense . greed - desiring possessions / standard of living / state of being for the self . this presumes that you're willing to do something to get it ( work for it , buy it , make it ... economic conservative , social liberal . libertarian . pro - gay rights , liberty ( in the sense that you can do with your body as you see fit so long as it's not to the detriment of others ) , right ... hope you can outrun bullets . it is me , but not a triumph ( though would love me a street triple ) . maybe try full scale . hint , the headlights are deceptive . ... this is california , remember . unless you're concealed carrying illegally ( you will be sodomized by the law if they find out you used a firearm in illegal carry , no matter the benevolence of its use ) ... exactly my point . you don't know . the situation could easily turn into a hostage situation . you think 6 bangers assaulting a guard are law abiding enough to not be illegally carrying ? i'd say more ... what part of ca self defense laws apply to a 3rd party ? if you can cite appropriate penal code examples that'd be cool . in my county ( san diego ) , you need to go to the sdpd to get approval for a ... well , i wouldn't say that your findings here would necessarily reflect istps being more nocturnal prone , since i think the majority of people who frequent forums of any subject while being of the ... or it'll cause them to cease beating him and bring out their weapons and then you have 6 armed gang bangers to contend with ; who are then liable to shoot you and their victim . no one else in the ... '