' intj - bat sherlock holmes . i'm quite alright with this . intj agnostic spiritualist desired career : arts / entertainment type : intj wow .. i just found out that i've been a member here for a year today . happy account-birthday to me . ' megan is missing ' because of the last 20 minutes . frozen strawberries ok , so i see that you have a high interest in film jobs . so , perhaps that's something we can start looking at . have you ever considered working on a film set as a runner and / or an extra ? there are ... you've given plenty of insight into the things you can't do , but what things * can * you do ? try thinking of anything ; building things , assisting people , organization , strength to carry heavy objects , ... thank you for that . i'm sorry to hear you've gone through it too , though i'm glad you got it resolved . to repeat something trialbyfire said , i personally don't believe life has a purpose . i struggled for a long time wanting to find the purpose of why we exist , and by accepting that there isn't some ... thank you for the replies , everyone . leaves definitely got what was going on in my head , which is actually really cool . it's also especially interesting how exact we are with this ... it's not some stereotypical bullying case . i used to be very close best friends with this girl for 5-6 years and in short , she very abruptly cut me from her life without giving me an explanation ... in order to really get to the point of this , i need to explain a bit of a back-story first .. my best friend of over half a decade now has suddenly stopped all types of communication with me by new ... i've always seen the argument being whether he's an infj or intj . it's the first time i've seen infp for him . the confusion of whether he's an f or a t makes sense when hearing all the reasons , but ... i realize that a lot of people get very angry when they hear of thin people thinking they're fat , so if you're one of these people .. please either have an open mind or leave this topic . i really am ... yup , this is how i dream . even in my nightmares , though some of my nightmares will take on a bit more surreal-type compared to when i dream normally . * points to avatar * severus snape is my definite favorite . i'm an intj . i would very much like this . my top 3 favorites : - rent - spring awakening - a very potter musical / sequel / senior year ( yeah , i group them all together when it comes to listing ) our fingerprints never fade from the lives we touch . - remember me so .. here i am . i've actually made several visits to this community while searching about personality traits but i never considered joining until now . along with sheer boredom today , this will ... '