' bingo . actually , i have more trouble with adults now than i did with youths and teenagers in school . similar academic upbringing - part time schooling in an elite program for advanced students , and the ... english is my native tongue , but i also listen to japanese music . this growing interest is a direct result of a fascination with anime and japanese culture . sent from my xt1575 using tapatalk royal blood touring with queens of the stone age in the states starting next month . sent from my xt1575 using tapatalk sent from my xt1575 using tapatalk i agree to an extent . however , i tend to gravitate towards the genres listed in all of the nt category - rpgs , action rpgs , sandboxes , scifi fps , strategy / building , and by extension , some out of that ... cowboy bebop death note my hero academia one punch man psycho pass sent from my xt1575 using tapatalk my closest friends are enfj , enfp , intp , infj , so there's that . sent from my sm-g 900v using tapatalk batman - paranoid , schizotypal personality disorders , schizophrenia , psychopathy superman - avoidant personality disorder , schizophrenia , sociopathy lex luthor - antisocial , histrionic , borderline , ... no . zack snyder directed it . david s . goyer started the script , with chris terrio rewriting it . i think the mixed bag of reviews depends more on the type of person going to see it . the fan boys ... i have a strong preference to non-vocal music , preferably heavy electronic / dance and classical / soundtrack . great to listen to when i'm writing , working , driving . the music with lyrics that i ... i knew i met the right person when my wife expressed her sincere interest in my conversation and the things i like to talk about , even do , for that matter . i can normally carry a good conversation ... succinctly put . sent from my sch-i 545 using tapatalk certainly not you . so if one does not find a satisfying answer to why there is so much suffering , internal or external , then does one simply brush it off as a perceived imagination ? then why didn't you start off with assuming it's a need ? otherwise , you were better off posting this question in the esfp forum . by the way , if you would like to date me , it's free , but i will ... what makes sex an essential part of dating ? do not for one minute think that you will attain happiness by getting rich . really , what does one truly need out of money after all of his basic needs are met ? so aside from greed and materialism , ... i don't ever really sleep , but i think that because i have a dreaming problem . i had a dream in an animated format , similar to borderlands 2 and ni no kuni : wrath of the white witch ; strong cell shading , heavy black outline of subjects and backgrounds . i was a chemist on a ... this is an excerpt from my developing story : they rush to the master throne chamber glaring at the enormous doors that stand before them . jaden attempts to open the door , but there they stand ... on that line of thinking , does being abnormal blows ? one could simply recite a dictionary to throw words like the big boys and play at their level . i would be more impressed if you could date an entp . this requires extreme patience , trust and ... good and bad are relative terms . they are not a part of this thread . you obviously are interested in drawing and painting , so by all means , please ( unless your artwork consists of images of an ... why does anyone do anything ? i watched a retard and an old man engage in fisticuffs in a bowling alley last night . i am an nt . i have feelings . i laughed . i was afraid to include that because i only give it a 35 % effort 89 % of the time , every time . i find myself more often bloated and constipated when the onset of a blumpkin happens . i am brilliant at multitasking : reading and shitting eating and shitting thinking and shitting talking and shitting i am in the top 10 % of my multitasking , and i give it 100 % effort 75 % of ... i only know tigress and ashitaka . tigress is strong , bold , overachieving , fearless . not very sociable . ashitaka is very stern and determined to his goal , but he is also a very curious person by ...  ... why are they not good enough for twice a year ? i love the accent on the 6th beat , quite grinding . the place where i stand gives way to liquid lino / underneath the weeping willow lies a weeping whino ... i am a fan of strong , descriptive ... touche . tzara if it were a glass of scotch you rescinded from me i would without hesitation slam your head against the table and then force you to eat your own cookie . true . especially of any popular sports team in its region . in its simplistic form , ball sports - golf , football , hockey , basketball , baseball , and so on - require one team to successfully ... possibly . however , i think it is easy for nts to excuse themselves of the idea ( myself included ) that fe / fi can be developed since it is such an inchoate function and differs vastly from how nts ... i think my f function is well developed ; i can build relationships and display values of affirmation and affection to my family and friends , but it never comes naturally . often times i will use this ... i'll post some spiderman artwork soon . 94557 94558 i normally browse deviantart for this sort of artwork , but not this time . here are a couple character art sketches of mine . share yours . kill you . drop the swaying noose duck duck duck duck goose i'll get on the caustic lime and stop all of time this is a possibility . perhaps the se / si's advantage stems from how quickly they can build their mind palace . this is purely based off of my own experience , but i believe it would be easier for si ... top 10 bands . arcade fire cursive death cab for cutie muse pink floyd queens of the stone age radiohead smashing pumpkins very interesting . i had started with qotsa , and i wanted to explore other alternatives to the band , which led me to desert sessions and kyuss . i like both queens and kyuss . blues for the red sun is a ... i agree with your jean grey example . there are others , too , that keep getting revisited , such as doctor octopus . i've been following the marvel universe , exclusively spider-man since ' 94 , so i've ... love miyazaki animated films - spirited away , my neighbor totoro . another childhood favorite would be beauty and the beast . try the film 8 1/2 . it is an italian film by federico fellini with english subtitles about a movie director who escapes into his dreams and fantasies . it's a 1963 film , so it doesn't fit your 1940s ... kyuss ... do i have a right to assume you are a queens of the stone age fan ? what is your favorite kyuss song ? i would not exclusively say introverts are drawn to me ; i would describe it as people ( both introverted and extroverted ) who genuinely find me interesting are drawn to me . however , introverts have ... i was amused at reading this message . i called off on tuesday through friday this week because i had no real challenging work for the duration of it , and so instead i decided follow up on a side job ... '