i concur . we must take evolution into our own hands ! join us chrysantheist , it'll probably only hurt for a couple of weeks but you'll thank us when you reap the benefits of the bendy . edit : ... o_o ! uh .. well .. i ... * hides * i'm right there with you . but anything i will say will just make things worse . like this ; too bad you aren't nf then , i wouldn't object . : > oh crap ! you called him . i'm sorry leader ! i couldn't help myself , i didn't mean to mention it again ... and no , you still intimidate me greatly . oh snap ! an attractive woman has acknowledged me .. what do i do ? ! c'mon ordane , think of something clever to say ... uhm , did you know that richard has started a study that might prove that i am ... sorry about the double post but ... hothothothothothothothot . * cough * ... sorry . they never sleep , friend ... they are always watching .. i need to go get a new can of terro . oh i am .. they can't just be sitting there for days doing nothing ... don't wait too long .. it's plotting as we speak . do what i do . use an entire roll of paper towels to pick it up . nope . a donkey is a pegasus without wings ! ah , right , apologies lead - .. richard . ha ! me too . maybe it's the thumbs ? might i suggest terro ? it's vengeance in a can ! i also think i've gained a bit more empathy than most intps , i was raised christian ( agnostic now ) and i was surrounded by enfjs who use fe which is one of my inferior functions so maybe it is better ... where did you hear such a thing ? good luck on your next project then . i hope you find all of the amputated tranny midgets you need , shouldn't be hard , they need work . you know what's really funny ? that this porn you are making up off the top of your heads probably exists out there somewhere .. did i say funny ? i meant sad . that's funny and all .. but now i wanna know what can cause that to happen . ^ edit : it's a spillway for a dam apparently . i like it , it's an interesting trademark , keep it up . qingdom have you always done that white text thing ? i'm only just noticing it . tell him you want him to move in but you aren't sure if you could handle other women being there . if it's a problem that can't be resolved then maybe it's best you hold off on moving in together . i can vouch for this , i'm best friends with an estj ... . _ . i envy you a great deal then . signify * cackles maniacally * eh , i was joking anyways . i've done plenty of , um , ' research ' myself and it's not the secret to happiness , just an unproductive way to fend off boredom . my thumbs are completely double jointed .. do i fit into this bendy future ? smoke some weed . :P enfj mother istp father enfj step-mother my step mother was not happy when she found out she was the same personality type as my bipolar mother . xd please post that here after you write it . that fly was trespassing on your property , he knew the risks . invest in a gps . it's worth it , trust me . i read somewhere that intps are uncharateristically intune with there emotions when it comes to music , and will seek out music that reflects how they are feeling at the time . you're selling types now ? i'll take one female infj please . aha ! i knew i could find someone to do it for me . i'm seriously considering an intp t-shirt . it would be a good conversation starter , not sure that that is necessarily a good thing though . yeah . that's all i could really think to say too . * screams in agony , letting out an epic why while the horde over takes him * edit : didn't realize you also shot me . lol * grabs draco's arm and shakes him * c'mon ! we gotta run ! they have glitter ! glitter ! intps are like a pile of junk , full of trivial useless things , with some well hidden treasures inside . the inspiration for this simile is my room . god forbid someone doesn't know what pascal's wager is .. they need a dislike button for uppity people like you ... 41 % ? ! if you'll excuse me i need to go curl up in a corner and weep .. at least now i know i'm below average ... i also took this test awhile back .. i think i was ... physical touch quality time words of affirmation service receiving gifts . says the guy with the dragon avatar . any interesting topical books you'd like to share ? no ... but you've got my attention . to wikipedia ! yeah .. i suppose he would have to be a bit of both .. yahweh has quite the temper for a pure and holy god , and he also seemed a bit prideful , which is a sin , the most hated one too . ' course , this is ... agnostic . there's no arguement that has won me over either way . but one thing that always bothered me about athiests is that they say they don't believe in a god because of how awful the world can ... i've finished all the song of ice and fire books . i wasn't crazy about the hunger games but i'd be lying if i said i didn't finish all 3 books . try the book thief , it's not fantasy or sci-fi , but ... i really should lay off the sci-fi and fantasy and read something educational ... * gapes in horror * : shocked :