' i currently don't have a best friend , or at least , someone who i'd consider to be close enough to be a bestfriend . sure , within talking rights , i do have multiple , and someone who's the on the top of ... gosh darn it ! stop taking my thoughts ! ahha that's exactly how i feel , and being able to actually say that can be hard to explain for me . i'm not someone who'll write big paragraphs on how i ... well , i'm a really deep and philosophical person most of the time ; i'm not really like that around other people because i don't want to be the weird one out . and i agree with what you said about ... so , tonight i came to realise i'm not sure that i'm after any form of relationship with my friends , or anyone for that matter ; i'm actually just unsure on what i want . but one thing i do know ... i love star wars so much ... thank you : 3 thanks for the warm welcomes back everyone ! also , what the actual ... that's a : really odd and strange and b : that's just an odd emoji ... xd i've returned , even though the mark i made when i first joined was minuscule , i've returned to my fellow infj's for philosophical pleasure and thought ! i'm in the same boat , in terms of being intelligent . for a 16 year old , i am quite intelligent , but it's not seen because i , at times , act childish and don't do very well at my work because i ... hey guys ! as some of you may know , i have adhd . it has some interesting properties on myself . i appear very extroverted to a lot of people , yet i'm actually quite the introverted person . it ... for me , it's playing games , because of my adhd , i need constant stimulation and it doesn't fail to provide ! :D also surfin ' the internet , etc etc haha you know you're an infj when you burn flour when trying to make a souffle ... . - . so , i'm in a similar stage as to how i was earlier in the week with my last post , this is me just venting some extra steam and throwing some things out that come to my mind . currently , i'm in ... for a fellow infj and 2w1 , i will give what's left to hear you out . i can't let someone else who i know i can understand go without anything to help them . i've started speaking to a friend of ... i think i've hit my limit on dealing with my own emotions . i'm so alone , i feel lonely . i'm emotionally exhausted from constantly helping everyone else , but myself . i can't stop being who i am , ... * bump * i really liked this thread and would love for others to join in ! :) i think it'll be awesome ! :) i'm not grateful , i accept what i have . i have adhd , that combined with me being an infj is actually pretty cool , in my opinion . i also have something that not many infj's have ( apparently ) , ... you're on a forum about infj's ! :P you try to help everyone , but when you see that you missed someone , you feel like you've been shot in the heart . you go out of your way to help others , even ... so what draws you to something in your life that you place value in ? this can be a song , a object , a fantasy realm , a career , anything at all ! and it doesn't have to be one thing . for me , ... 119274 i'm just curious , but in what context do these looks happen , or are they with every question you ask ? if possible , are you able to recall the last experience or occurrence ? you ask everyone if they're fine with something before you do it . i meant he isn't the same type , so he shouldn't put such worry onto it . i meant no typist by it , i was just saying that if it was a fellow infj who had a problem with it , i'm sure they'd have a very ... i meant he isn't the same type , so he shouldn't put such worry onto it . i meant no typist by it , i was just saying that if it was a fellow infj who had a problem with it , i'm sure they'd have a very ... yes ... it's ... it's ... hypnotising ... * stares at it like insects do at buzzers * zap ! * ow ... that hurt ... * antipode remember what i said , we stick together . keep your sig , i mean , he isn't even an infj ! don't listen to him . be strong , for we all support you . hey ! i take resentment to that . i am 16 . just kidding , most teens are ... well , idiots when it comes to controling their emotions . that shit's just disturbing and creepy . nuff said . antipode i reckon he's just trying to : a : troll you b : get you in trouble if you fought back . c : be a complete . you should just report him and be done with it , don't pay mind or ... mia and runforcover you guys are more or less right on the money for me ! :) ah , i getcha ! i understood it as you didn't think you could help anyone ; not that you realise you cannot save the world ! :) hmm ... well , there's the catalyst ! haha i still like to believe i'll be able to help people someday ... someday ... hahaha but life truly is darker than the light illuminates . we should chat about your loss of the ability to live by your morals . something else must've happened to cause this ? as morals so strong aren't lost overnight , it takes something of incredible brunt ... yes ! yes ! this right here ! * just imagine some scene from a movie that fits appropriately ! * as the title says , what's the meaning behind your avatar and your signature , if there is one ? for me , my avatar is of two australian army rotary aviation pilots , during initial systems check on ... i believe in justice . i very rarely will ever break my morals . if my morals are in breach if i caved into peer pressure , well i wouldn't do it . i've very much so about doing the right thing , as ... tupac - ghetto gospel : i find it holds a very good social context . it doesn't matter if we're black or white , cause we human . i hope we see the light before it's ruined . ... 118465 it's upside down because of ipad mini , but oh well ! this is me before i went on a camp with cadets on the weekend ! :) a therapist ? belay unto me thy teachings ! i mean this out of context to this post ; i will pm you at some point about the topic i wish to discuss ! but on topic ; i do see how you'd see it as ... after putting some thought into it , i've been wondering . we , as infj's , are more than often used by people , as well as misunderstood by the other types . we as infj's are incredibly good at ... you're right , it can only be sedated . :P p . s . this has done wonderful in helping me protect against all you other personalities ! :D but i've been manipulative since i was in grade 1 , getting ... i don't judge , remember ? :) but look , let's not turn this into a debate over god . i want this thread to be about exploring different philoshical avenues other than religion . religion is too mainstream and everyone talks about ... alright , you kinda asked for this , but god has no place at all in my mind . preaching that god made this all happen can be solved like this ; i put a gun to your head . you allowed god to bring you into ... i'm currently sick at the moment ; home from school , so my mind was just like * mushroom cloud * i'm also an anti-theist . just putting that out there , for the discussion , i do have a thread on my ... i'll admit , i think the same way , i'm not sure about trusting others with the inner knowledge of myself , for fear of rejection . i think it's because everyone is so afraid of showing their blue because they're so braid of what'll happen , it's now the norm to say i want to show my true self , but i'm afraid i'll be rejected ... why do i feel that i've just completely detailed the op's thread ? ... lol sorry mate ! and i can tell ! :P lol well , i had better just take some care in my posts ! :P haha should get it checked , makes you even more interesting ! ;) '