' infj inspires me that 616906 or : 616914 and it sounds me like that : the social system would be like that i think : i agree with juiz we would simply get it . which means , one temporary ... i am not idealist in an abstract way i think . i think all my thoughts cares or goes to really pratical situation , about people i know well first . i don't really care about the rest of humanity and ... being a dreamer don't mean that you don't achieve . infp still has te after all ... and this is not a shadow function 8o , this is a 4th function big difference ! why would i do not like the only thing ... bigstupidgrin existentialism is one of the philosophy i'll define nfp because it was created by kierkegaard ! but i also like sartre in a way . and i find myself in a lot of concept . ... hi ! i think i find a noticable difference between of infp percieve time than his in - pairs . i wonder if it is really commune to infp or it is particular to me . ( for reason of psyché , or mbti , ... hello ! i start to wonder if infp hasn't a commun philosophy well hidden . i started to think that infj tend to be determinist and materialism , whereas intp tend to be mechanist and libertarian in ... i am infp and some things may change between ours but i can advice you , if the situation does not arranged , to leave your family home and as i have done . determinism , materialism and spinoza can ... it seems nfp types does not notice the problem as ntj type . this is interesting . i always notice that ntj as a sort of respect for sensing . ( nietzsche for example with dionysos ) whereas ... my dad is a istj and a genious manipulator ( enfp shadow ) because it appears he is afraid of a lot of what people wills saying and put pressure on me to fit in . he is really gifted at it . :d ry : so he ... my dad is istj . i have a difficult son / dad relationship with him . he often see me as incompetent . he pushes me to develop my infj side my mom is entj but turns isfp last years . she is a woman ... xntps would probably wander off , end up finding a portal to a higher dimension and would be stranded ( or freed ) in said dimension as they observe and laugh at the entj and intj as they butt heads ... dad : istj : reserved , pratical , high-standard his mother : enfp ( a strong person , sass person ) mom : entj ( turn isfp ): she was very determined and bold her mother : istp ( she is really funny , laugh a ... does flirting come naturally for any of you ? no , it is weird , when i ask myself the act of flirting , my spirit try to escape from my body x ) are you really good at it ? no . one day , i try to , it ... while i think i am more focus on these thing : would he accept my personal universe / personnality ? gosh , i misunderstood a lot of what my friends have said xd . they wanted just to offer help xd . ... yes that's exactly that . that's horrible xd . i have fantasy towards estj ... t-t as kaboomz says - most - of the time bullies are actually very , very fragile people and once you find the cracks ... double post * this is interesting . that explains a lot . actually my cynicism does not tend to express a social argument , wound a person but much more a critics of a project . when i am dogmatic or when i say ... horoscope : leo ( i am a passionate one xd ) chinese system : pig writinghand : right . born date day : 14th . my mother has south asian origin and indian ( dont really know where ) was entj . my father has indian origin is istj . but they come from mauritius and all is very complicated in it xd and my ... hi icy ! well , mysticism is really interesting but to me , only because it surely boost my ne . the way someone's attribute magic qualities to an object , sentence , metaphoric forms , world etc is ... what i observe too , infp tend to be naturally pessimist towards authority or will . my intp friends seems to be more believer of a good authority at least they tend more to justify it ( at least more ... it is plato ( infj ) that probably had stick the reasonnable vs unreasonnable thing to do in european society . knowing that , i ask myself if the won prize is still flawed . i agree with thej ... i have four friend intp and two friend infp . what i can say to me is that infp tend to express sadness , nostalgia publicly . their eyes , and mine express sadness . they tend to be more critical , ... prothagoras , kierkegaard and pascal are to me , princes of philosophy . socrates appears to me too much proud but very useful . the same goes for stoicism with marcus aurelius which i absolutely love ... bully type = bully xd ( i am french that does not help ) hi ! an enfp friend is currently attracted by assholes that depreciate her and culpabilicize her for not taking attention to them ( which is ... 542650 5426 58 542666 this is interesting , i don't know if i've ever compared my general idealism with willpower . if i consider them as the same for a moment , willpower does seem insane , or at least paradoxical . both ... one day i've the thought that having an ideal of an object is absurd , because the idea we form in our head is so different from what we'll experimenting in real life , effects of the time , and ... 542426 nf nymphs :P i agree with infp fall melancholic artist and i perfectly see the infj ice queen but because i don't really know enfj , i see enfp enthusiasm as the boiling hot summer ... magnanimous , excited , vigilant , impetuous ! hi ! i think an infp villain is in between what villains intps like and infjs like . i found to my personal experience that intp love destructive and profoundly chaotic character that love to be bad ... dear istj dad , you are the only one responsible of my passive agressive mood , teaching me , since childhood , an overdose of hard work and valuable ethics as a regular basis of life . with ... i debate ( speak ) with two intjs i know rapidly . the conversation is always : me : would you not try something new ? intj : there is no possibilities left me : mmm ... okay ... are you sure ? ... to infps , do these entp even care about us ? i'm skeptical . no , the fact is that infp are numerous here . they only care about the number we represent . entp are strategists and pretty ... to infps , does these entp even care about us ? i'm skeptical . no , the fact is that infp are numerous here . they only care about the number we represent . entp are strategists and pretty ... had a little cynism in your thoughts . i actually think he fights for an abstract ideal , the realm . he is really not about fact at all , but rather impression , birds as he called them . there is a clear decalage between facts of the game of ... i say notion of , not the reality of it ;) and actually between australia and belgium it may have some social changes . i think estj and infp have a lot of thing to learn to each other . water sea + humidity air-castle cloud + princess no , but all my thought is about how i am influenced by the others . ( that's i think a cognitive biaises ( n ? ) f thing ) i think i am talking about the frequency illusion ;) we , f , i think , tend to ... since mbti analyzed our view of ourself ( and infp seems to have a martyr syndrom ) . i would not do a classement on what type is actually and concretely disavantage . but more on , what role , stereotype ... thanks a lot ! for this . preferences in a particular notion depends on preferences of the individual person and social construction of the word . i am sure that the notion of fe is not the same in ... kyusaku enfj are the best , i'll write a enfj characters one day , this is sure . maybe a fallen queen deposed by the tragic event of a war and by their cynical noble . but always gracious and dutiful ... about the image , you have to add the time to your model (; d ) that would also theorically said , that ne-si can be broken too . my ne always seems to me as a crazy entp . and my si as an isfj . so my ... i would say you're right because nt are much more problem-solver . so i was wrong . but also actually you may described the dunning-kruger effect ( effect 1 ) . that would say you think you're not ... mmm , i just has typed people ... and find out that many of the s people i know has difficulties with logical data , abstract thing . ( oh ! it was essentialy sf people ! ) that wouldn't say i cannot ... esxj decibell i never think about the efficacity-side of the theory . thanks a lot ! increasing ti is increasing fe to me ! ;) that only depend on how you seing coldness and warming . '