' i do the same thing ! sometimes , i'll wake up out of my trance and forget where i am because of the deep thought i was in . haha . ( especially when i'm on a long drive with no one to talk to . ) it is ... i have s tendencies ... so that would make sense . i don't know much about s's but my n is always the one to score lower than the other functions . but my n is still rather high . i guess detached is ... honestly , i'm prefer neither . if i had to choose , i'd choose cats because they are less needy to fit my busy lifestyle . i tried having a dog ... it didn't work out . also for some reason , all dogs seem ... you hit it right on the target ! bull's-eye for you , nasmoe ! : laughing : this is just freakin appalling ! people like this disgust me . can't people come up with their own sex / masturbation ideas instead of buy a pink dildo from your aunt beatrix ? ! ? all i have to say is ... i've never known an infj in person but dang ! this thread makes me want to really get to know one : wink : now , i'm on a mission . i don't really understand the meaning of this thread ? it seems like a entj roll call of some sorts . i can definitely say , without a shadow of a doubt i am an entj . also , to answer your question of ... i'm not going to lie , i do have a tendency to have a temper . but usually i just get mad whenever something doesn't make sense to me , or someone is being illogical or stupid . i find it's mostly the ... i can say that i can't remember a time when i didn't act like an entj . my parents always had trouble with me because , in all honesty , i was smarter than them . ( and they'd totally admit it . ) i would ... i voted 1 . my father died . it's almost been a year . we didn't really have much of a relationship ... but near the end , it was getting a lot better . more of a 2 or 3 , but the majority of my life ... it ... i can be a mess . my friends used to tell me i live like a bachelor . ( i've gotten way better though ! ) the inside of my car is also a horrible mess . it's because i focus so much on everything else ... wow ... that's cruel mcfly . lol . i have a really hard time with navigation . it's like a mental retardation or something ... i get lost everywhere and anywhere ! unless i have a map , directions , or a gps i will almost certainly get ... hahahahahahahahaha ! ! ! roflmao ! ! ! i relate to this so much it's awesome ! : crazy : funny story pertaining to this thread ... me and my sister ( whose an intp ) were looking at the entj's forum , we were casually reading the different forums and she was making fun of me and kept saying ... that would be awesome ! ! ! : laughing : it seems like we are tied between the intj's and the entj's ... for now ... hehe . : wink : i agree and vote yes to that specific entj getting their face fed to the alligator . if nothing else but to entertain me ! i'm kidding ... well ... kind of ... hehe . i'm glad to be one of the nice ... well ... i realized that i was talking about enfp's ... i don't think i know anyone whose an entp ( that i know of ) . otherwise i would be very happy to oblige on criticism , but unfortetley i can't . i'm ... wow ... i totally got enfp and entp confused ... nevermind ... i don't know any entp's personally . sorry about that . i should really learn how to read ! first of all , i can say from personal experience that those personality tests they make you take in pysch class are crap ! most of the people who claimed to get an entj typing in the class were very ... obviously ! hehe . true , but i'm from texas . it's happening here already . i'd rather save my state than yours any day . : tongue : but the latter suggestion sounds efficient enough for a casual drop-in . haha ... but only ... aha ! okay , i see . i totally twisted that into my own little conversation there . you're right then . if you guys had both agree on it , then there's no reason he should react negatively . sorry about my ... so true ! heh . well ... if it was clearly his steak , then i don't see the logic in saying whose steak is this , anyways ? it's obviously his , right ? so why have you declared it as yours ? am i not understanding the ... thank you for the compliment . beaches and attractive males ! that sounds ideal ! is this an invitation , abstract ? : wink : but on a serious note , how could i use my productivity in florida ? any ... i focus on my weaknesses consistently and everyday ... i'm constantly trying to find ways to improve myself . here are a few things i could think of off the top of my head . weakness # 1 - i'm very ... this literally made me smile , smiley ! : laughing : you may be right . i guess the specific name calling only pertains to me ? when they say it , they usually mean to hurt my feelings . all my family and friends are f's and p's so they don't really ... i love their spontaneous ideas ! ! ! because of the fact that i literally have no spontaneous bone in my body , i rely on my entp friends to do that for me : happy : also , they greatly inspire me . i call ... yes ! ! ! grrr ... i have to be honest , this would really get to me ! ! ! it's like the most annoying thing someone can do to me . my infp best friend does this to me all the time when she knows i'm in one ... yeah . i understand what you mean . but i thought intj's and entj's were like yin and yang . because yin is the positive side and yang is the negative , from what i remember about the definition . so ... i am not an agnostic or an atheist . even though it goes very much against my personality type , i'm a christian . i use to be an atheist , but for very logical and clear reasons ( to me ) , i changed this ... you didn't hurt my feelings . haha ! i just don't have anyone i know that's an infj . i have a feeling that i would like you guys though because all the entj's on the forum have great things to say ... this literally made me laugh out loud ! ! ! hahahahaha ! ! ! i've heard this expression many times though about entj's . do you guys really compare us to robots ? ( serious question ) i think you're very right . but isn't it like that for every personality ? we can all learn something for someone , right ? i think that tongue tied is right . it's none of that persons business what your personal life is like if you are just coworkers no matter what his / her personality is ! ... but unfortunately , ... when your nickname is anything having to do with various dictators . mine is hilter , nazi , or bonaparte ... lol ! love what you said , abstract ! i also vote entj ! ! ! i think the reason why i seem less apathetic is because it's online . i can express myself better when i'm not looking at the person . if you were here right now , i think you would see what i mean . i ... what are you talking about ! ? ! i love infp's ! people don't like entj's either . we make people cry and are control freaks ! lol ! hahahahahaha ! ! ! yes ! ! ! : laughing : i totally agree . and most people can't handle it ... they're weak . : crazy : well despite the fact that i have two very close and long time friends who are enfj's , these are some things i read , envy and think are amazing ... here we go ... a lot of what benedox mentioned is ... even though i'm quite obviously not an intj ... i'm going to reply to this thread . i love the arid climate . i currently live in texas and it's okay ... but texas can get pretty dang humid . and i ... awe ... thank you ! ! ! : blushed : dang . you're so right ! ! ! i am yet another countless victim of avatar stereotyping . haha . jk . : tongue : but seriously , i've never analyzed it like that . thanks ! i guess i'm more obvious then i think . i know ... you're right : frustrating : '