' i'm religious ; but i think there are pretty high levels of evidence . if i believe that any sort of knowledge is possible , i have to believe in a god . also , the very existence of the universe is good ... jeffrey dahmer was an infp . that's something to work with i think . like i said , he's very declaratory . he's an active conqueror , definitely an enfj type . consider some famous enfp types , like stephen colbert or robin williams - - dominant ne leads to opening up ... enfj all the way . he self identifies as an extrovert ( he said as an introvert myself - - oh , who am i kidding ? ) , and besides , he's one of these guys who tries to get his fingers into everything ... i don't use pickup lines . i debate people on the merits of dating me . arbell it also would depend on how tired i was . like , if i was about to fall asleep , i might not be physically capable of talking at the moment . but if i'm just mentally tired , then yeah , hit me ... i'm not super high on the introverted side , so my answer may not sound as much like an intp , but ... if i've had a tired day from work , a good debate / conversation would make me feel better and ... i just finished the stand by stephen king , and was really impressed with several of the characters . high on my list of favorites , of course , was mother abigail . after reading a little bit about ... anyone read his memoir , on writing ? his style is quite ne . he says that he likes to write by letting the characters push the story along for him , not by planning ahead himself . he comes up with a ... there's this thing about voldemort and palpatine being intj , because they're both masterminds who take control of the world . the thing is , both are actually nfj , palpatine being infj and voldemort ... people keep talking about being indecisive , but for me being decisive is actually a greater problem . i always want to have that moment where everything falls into place , so when i see my type profile ... 253322 there , i changed it . the death poetry , mostly . you're partly right : i'm coming to think that they aren't isfps , but i don't think they're estjs either . maybe istj ? that would explain the fi . i'm coming to think the ... heathcliff is an inj , most likely intj . definitely not a dominate feeler . what about this : 252898 yeah ... if you could find a better one i'll put him / her on it . malfoy is kind of lame as far as villains go . vogon , the bureaucrat from hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy . you can take pleasure in my difficulty in finding a good isfp villain for that chart . vogon was the best i could find ; definitely not ... how's this : 252178 i think this man really shows how to live the enfp life , that is , a life of wonder and discovery . what do you do when the problems of the world ( war , disease , anything that you care about ) become too much of a burden ? there's an infp that i know who i've seen say that she couldn't take it any ... what stereotypes do you hate most about your type ? which ones are true ? do you cringe when people describe your type ? the whole thing about intjs being cold logicians ... we're more like clever wizards than cold logicians . i think that stereotype belongs more to the intp , but even then not much . also that all ... ^ ^ ^ you must be a writer with a post like that ... : kitteh : so yeah , this is definitely an answer to my questions . it's really interesting to get a look inside someone else's mind every once ... sorry about that ... i suppose i should shut up every once in a while and let someone else explain their perspective . i feel that i learn best , though , by debating , so don't think that i'm trying to ... i know lots of healthy infps . in fact , most of the infps i know are healthy . actually , i know many introverts that are way louder than many other extroverts . i / e isn't about loudness . it's about orientation . there's an isfj i know , for instance , who has an extremely loud fe ... he led the video with that statement to show the stereotype associated with istjs . after explaining how the stereotype was wrong , he went on to show a nature similar to your own descriptions . you shouldn't ascribe all members of that type an unhealthy trait , but it's fine to say type x can sometimes be extremely x because of x . for instance , i've heard type descriptions say that intjs ... but don't you think it would be different for different health levels of istjs ? i ask because i know several istjs personally , and most of them are they way you describe , but some do have a tendency ... i know ; i was agreeing with you . sorry if that wasn't clear . it's interesting that you say that , because i don't think that t / f is necessarily about logic vs . emotion . this video sums it up pretty well : ... the interesting thing is that myers-briggs measures information processing , and enneagram measures inner motivations , so when you put them together , you get a large part of what a person is : the ... do you think that this video describes well ( at least for your type ) the si function ? when i first got into myers-briggs , i expected each type to have an aura , like i'd immediately know if i met someone else of my type . obviously , i was wrong . goodness , just the math proves me wrong ... depends . i try to reevaluate everything when that happens . what is your relationship to rational thought / logic ? what do you do to make decisions that require it ? it's easy to think of dominant fi types to be all good , but they can be just as evil as others . a thinker villain is easy to write : they'll have no care for other people , but be very skilled at ... * spoilers alert ! * jules is an enfj . he doesn't just kill people . he does it with style . he quotes ezekiel while firing . this , i believe , is his way of using fe . also notice how in ... yeah ... i'd like to hear about si from the point of view of someone who actually uses it . it seems to be one of the more debated and less understood functions . i really liked this article . does it describe si pretty well ? introverted sensing / sensation ( si ) as several people have said on this thread , there is a tendency in mbti descriptions to label intuition as being creative , and hence sensing as uncreative . i was curious as to the validity of this ... so that's why i asked of those who might identify as non-creative if they were satisfied with their lack of creativity . i agree that being uncreative may seem lesser , but hey , who knows ? i wanted to ... i was talking about just the essence of what i've picked up on in relation to s types . the reason i didn't phrase it the way you suggest ( in bold ) is because i wasn't sure that creativity was ... i got it mainly from type descriptions . there seems to be an air of describing intuition as creative . also , i was specifically thinking about si as a function more so than se . si tends to be ... that's what i'm saying . sigh ... i'm just trying to find answers . i can love sensors better if i know them better . so i ask them questions . emberfly you create a pattern by collecting and arranging pre-made details . the most basic example would be finding a pile of sticks and laying them on the ground to form a picture . you didn't ... see , just because it doesn't come from one's cognitive process doesn't mean it has little to do with it . you don't think that someone's creative process is flavored by their personality type ? i mean , ... well , you created patterns in you head , so yes . but if you mean that pattern based thinking isn't necessarily creative , then i agree . an intuitive can spend their time focusing on patterns that have ... i like it . now that's interesting . intelligence to me seems to come from creativity , not vice versa . but i can see it both ways . i'm asking whether your creativity goes against your sensing nature , or with it . so would you say , i'm creative even though i'm a sensor or i'm creative because i'm a sensor ? '