' bump . i find nutrition absolutely necessary to maintain a fully functioning brain and in recent i've learned to appreciate the pain of lifting weights . in high school i didn't care much for team ... what makes your religion choice better then the others ? jenecis i certainly understand your thoughts on becoming a consultant with no in the field experience . i myself didn't quite understand the merit in that , and was a little surprised that people ... lol actually i am that way too normally , but lately with my new job i have to change pants every day . in reality i wear pretty much only seven of those 15 pairs lol and the cloths i own , i've owned ... jenecis we travel a parallel journey . i see i will enjoy picking that brain of yours way too much : happy : let's see what i can offer with my thoughts ... i don't understand the mindset of collectors , or this new fad of changing phones every 6 months . i have about 15 pairs of shirts i wear , and 15 pairs of pants i wear , and about 6 pairs of shoes . ... jenecis wonderful insights . i guess without some working leadership experience under my belt i will be severely limiting myself . i like the observe the one's who've made it technique you use . great ... jenecis how do you feel about leadership positions in your field of work ? i just began working for a small accounting firm , and it's projected to grow exponentially in the near future . i feel that i ... is that pasta spicey ? me : no , it is not . see , saying no isn't so bad . hey , could you babysit my pet man eating tiger ? my mind : oh wait , what to do , what to do ... panick , panick ... bro science at it's finest . but his speaches make me want to believe everything he says lol i do see alot if perceiving function in him . he seems to put a lot of effort into his image though , ... white river yes , yes , elliott is so great in several ways . really breaks the mold of being just a bodybuilder . the kind of man i aspire to be . i wonder what he'd get if he took the mbti test . he ... have you ever watched any of elliott hulse videos on youtube ? his style of body training is more holistic and i think will appeal to some infj's . he is all about building the strongest version of ... i do , and i often silently root for the villains . can't understand why lol really , i think it's just a common trait of most people . it's just strange to imagine a mother teresa or ghandi ... not terribly muscular yet , but i've came a long way in just two months , i was very thin 3 months ago . being 5 ' 10 at 154 lbs , fitting the superficial discription of a infj . i think it's a grand ... oppz double post : exterminate : my apologies ! as a child my father instilled into my conscious to always be aware of your environment and growing up a working youth , with no vehicle , in the ghetto , i ( intuitively ) figured it was in my best ... windblownhair i find i have to reward myself in some fashion while providing myself with some kind of order when it comes to tapping into my own will power . rewards such as studying in a ... sure aizar she's a pretty good talker and an infj , you may be surprised at her vids . i normally don't have the patience also . but mastering willpower is for an infj about trusting our 3rd ... i can achieve anything right now as good as a cold can bud light . have a swig of crunk juice wit me no doubt , absolutely . i bet many of you can right a compelling story within 10 minutes . though in actuality it would take years to perfect that story , as we will never be happy with presenting a ... video games feed my under nourished and evil competitive side . i like tournament games like street fighter 4 , tekken series , ultimate marvel vs capcom and love , love , love popular shooters like ... and i approve this message . she's good ( no i don't know her or getting paid to say this ) and few mbti centered vids on youtube are as precise and utterly helpful as her's . thought she could use a few ... i can listen to absolutely any style of music and come out it feeling all tingly in the head if it's good enough . including this nostalgic inducing peace of gold ... other infj intj guys ... read tell me about her tea pot collection more then once a week ... i have this kind of friend . actually my only close friend . they can only hold back for so long : tongue : green girl all our conversations are like that : happy : i was just going to ask , before i read that . for this reason i learned to free style on the whim with sensors . they prefer to live , love ... i think customer service is the rights of passage . easy job to get , and you develop skills that you will later find useful for better jobs . i think infj are naturals at it as long as they can retreat ... am i ambitious ? i struggle with this question . i think my ambition works differently then the orthodox meaning of the word . i always work to be financially successful , but am unyielding in my ... the ability and natural desire to see the world through the eyes of another body , could it be a way of connecting without having to commit , so that one could return home alone , free of social ... / / thank snakecharmer for reminding me i had that great song embedded in my galatic playlist . now i can listen to it for the next 72 hours like i meant to . be prepared to silently weep . : crying : 4:25 - 4:40 is especially eargasmic . inner glow ? charisma ? soul searching eyes ? the feeling you've made it over a rainbow deep in a juggle , that had a little leprechaun willing to share it's pot of gold with only you ? my two cents , using myself as an example , i long ago understood that i was not as connected with my physical environment as much as others were . i mainly understood this through the eyes and words ... wow , it's incredibly ironic you just cooked with quinoa . i learned how to make quinoa pudding 3 days ago . i am including it into my daily meal plan , and figured making a desert out if it would ... i would have to say lago from aladdin even though he was more of the clever sidekick . that little wise cracking parrot stole the show . actual villianwise , probably scar . he had the best songs , and ... i see a reaccuring theme here food ! i would say food , because i am always hungry no matter how much i eat and i desire bold flavors . i think i get people curious in the subway restaurant line when ... getting myself dressed in the morning ( yeah ) , ( safely ) driving faster then everyone else and dancing , currently with no witnesses . it's in french , but a beautiful singer . love this guy . english translation : since i was little i haven't understood anything even if my ... if i look more like a t type , or angry , it's because i am concentrating on staying alive while in my car . mad drivers everywhere , while i am very aware of my wordily unawareness . dangerous times . ... past self : stick to your goals . present self : achieve your goal ! i have amazing but logical ideas for myself , but for this reason or that i often put them on the back burner sort of speak . ... earned it by theweeknd before that teenaged wasteland by the who before that the man that you fear by marylin manson also i like to blast a youtube album through my phones speaker while ... i don't understand how i could only want people's best interests at heart but remain so distant and aloof . i had a dream last night that had me tearing up a little when i start recalling it . it ... walk within my line of vision . doesn't take much , i take notes on all living things in my vicinity . now how to keep ones interest ? make me laugh , be expressive and friendly . or be different then ... conspiracytheory - what a wonderful read . very structered at that ! my ideology is that civilization needs worker ants and drones to many alternate thinking intuitivess ' and the hill cracks and ... intj or entj ... all this feeling is wearing me out lol ghetto attitudes . think it's because of my suroundings and what i have been taught . i've seen enough of it to know it's bad business . chocolate covered cherry . umm . sweet and wholsome on the inside . and a welcomed treat for bedtime ... kidness above all . even better if it is balanced with assertiveness and confidence . like the annoying little step brother on the top bunk bed screaming aha aha aha aha . how he got the top bunk is anyone's guess . '