' it is absolutely clear that emotion has always been the most part of life ( the most important as well ) . that is a tautology , if you understand what must be true . truth itself is unknowable . with ... all emotions are based in love , combining together perfectly for love . fear is an analysis of the past only . fear is the only reason for thought . anger is the emotion of the present tense . it ... this is an amazing question and thank you for it . i have given much thought to it , over the years . here is my answer : life is a morality antennae . those who are ' advanced ' in the only ... good is an aim , an intent , towards that which is objectively good , e . g . love in any way . evil is either an aim , an intent , away from that which is objectively good , e . g . anti-love in any way , ... or ... i can reliably show that political parties are essentially a creation of the two most prevalent personality vectors of mankind . there is no meaningful way to eliminate these priorities as the top ... lol ! really ? ok , here goes ... yes , essentially . that is because the left wing is quintessentially stereo-typically feminine and the right wing is quintessentially stereo-typically masculine ... discrimination is one of those words where the definition is now alarmingly colloquial . that is an error . discrimination means the ability to make distinctions between one thing and another . ... the formulation of a creed is akin to that of a crutch . the implication is that this crutch will always be needed . only principles are needed , and these principles should ideally always be usable ... any sort of meaningful polls show iq as geographically distributed as observed . the studies have been done again and again . the nonsensical retort that the issue is cultural ( while also true ) ... imagine a person in the federation . they are provided for . they have quarters and get food and clothing and may use services and attend all events and such and travel freely . if they are ... this question , like many of your musings , reflects an immoral issue in your thinking . i have explained it before and i will try again . 1 ) you are bound by your morals . that means you know to try ... as usual , the scenario given is insufficient . for instance : a group of shipmates are stranded on an island . while the group reflects on what to do and just gathers themselves emotionally ... it is true that aiming at morality can alienate people . in fact i have pointed out in many of my posts that the single hardest thing a person can do is a moral act . this ramifies throughout human ... humorous , but , probably not . again , this style of thinking is conflating observable instances with observable means . any given asian and caucasian will be specific , e . g . anecdotal . but , if we say ... you have to look beyond the easy accusations and understand the real factual evidence . that is not white supremacy . many casual observers will proclaim it such . they are wrong . speaking in ... the goal of truth-seeking is what was meant . it is not necessary for any entity to know truth as far as we know . truth simply is , on it own . nothing can explain the existence of truth . it is ... this video is part 1 of a 3 part series . so , the selected issues relate to culture . but ... this does statistically come back to race . it ... there is no defense against the common stupidity , other than creating and maintaining a culture that highly values personal awareness and judgement . self-indulgence is the opposite of good ... historically , and currently , european style societies thrive and progress well and others - do not . there are few exceptions to this . as a result many many europeans migrated to other countries ... , i went into that explanation and i was excited about it , but , no response from you . more babble or didn't fit within your worldview or ... what ? the new truth thread reminded me of ... truth is a staggering and superlative concept . the truth is what is real . since knowing what is real would require perfect knowledge , and we will never have that , we can never know truth . the ... i agree that many modern adults have touch issues , a fact that irritates me . it can make a touchy person who means no offense seem creepy . also men these days sort-of automatically get the label ... i will try . the basis of this analysis is the enneagram . within that system , all emotions are based on 3 core emotions , anger , fear , and desire . enneatypes 1 , 9 , and 8 all are anger types . they ... that is not true and never has been . acquiescence to capitalism is often force major , in other words the dude who used to make sandals for everyone and barter for back rubs and fine conversation now ... again , what constitutes racism is usually considered focal on the word ' superior ' . what is superior ? if we say socio-cultural success , solidity , moral fiber , or even iq we are left with the ... that is correct , because unless your iq is less than around 85 , you should realize two wrongs do not make a right . i may be white and male but many many blacks , male or female have just as many or ... reality is a motivated delusion of all emotion . if we view the universe in terms of emotion only , the fifth dimension , we can suggest that reality is shaped by its many observers . if you wish to ... quote from the film : ' perhaps on a rare occasion , he would pause for a family outing . ' - workaholic asshole . paraphrasing : hookworm and calloused feet . his solution , apparently , sell shoes ... distillation as a verb sums up what i think is wrong with many approaches . you cannot burn off part of humanity . you must deal with all of them . i know and agree with your aim ( s ) i think here , ... i actually agree with you . a concise argument . socialism and capitalism are both the same in this sense . a few people rule as a tyranny over the many . the only question is what level of ... the universe , ... peoples by intent . the universe as a law includes the dimension of emotion , e . g . motivation , defined entirely by the meta emotion love . some might wish to call this natural state ... this definition states that third position is in opposition to communism . the explanation is brief and offers may contradictory examples , in my opinion . the defining sentence , advocates of ... there is a sense little discussed . that sense is conscience . it is a real and measurable sense . it is often denied by nihilists and overly logical types and also overly hedonistic types , all in an ... i completely agree that nazi germany was socialist , as it is obvious that it was . i also agree that many people have a less than keen grasp of the obvious . but the obvious is of little interest . ... i watched the video and the speaker's understanding of what is morality is lacking , for someone who claims to be studying it . the presentation cannot escape a dumbed down for the audience feel to ... i disagree that the only power is the vote . all people have the power of free will and free choice , even slaves . they can change the system at any time by enacting the will to do so en masse .  ... i agree with what i think your point is . most everyone , whether they admit to it or not , is racist , to some degree . but what racism has come to mean in the united states , and most of the western ... an interesting way to pose these questions . ok , i'll bite . yes , but there is a trap inherent in your logos . you are using logic , a tool that is clumsy for computing moral truth , to do exactly ... i agree with you that moral action and belief are matters of the gravest form of importance . but modern civilization is no more important than a single soul within it , so it's fate seems a little ... excuse me ? you think i agree with the protesters ? you are immeasurably confused , if so . they are offended and feel the need to take down history's monuments to feel secure that they are acting as ... al monuments represent history only . they are there as a reminder both of the losers and their philosophies and the winners and their horrible philosophies . removal of history is foolish and being ... despite nay-saying to the contrary and trends in so-called first world nations ( rapidly losing that status as the averaging effect of breeding takes over ) overpopulation if already the # 1 issue in ... i would call my style intuitive , flow-based , yet not entirely rational in construction . you have to be in-vibe . granted , few enough grok my style , and grok the word might be another reason why . ... like all biased positions , libertarian-ism is no different in its egregious crimes against wisdom and morality . this is the personal order leaning system , with a high degree of rugged individualism ... it is what it is ( in truth ) ( no matter what people call it ) . people are often wrong . they should be more considerate . me to . so , other than my rather direct belief in the system i proposed , more ardent than your entertaining of the idea , i agree with where your thoughts take you here . monism is ... kind of a pleasing ... the theory i put forth has none of me in it . it does not aggrandize me in any way . arrogance means exaggerated sense of one's own abilities . pride means obtaining pleasure from one's achievements ... you are wrong in this reasoning then . there is no certainty that death cannot be experienced . so the question presupposes that it can be clearly as an exercise in imagination . this is not ... i disagree . although i do suspect my statements in this regard have more truth value than the opposing position's , i by no means believe that my truths are incontrovertible . both the definitions ... dogma is the shortcut . leaning wisdom yourself , the real messages , is occluded by dogma . to use your analogy it is like someone who follows the instructions , the signposts , but has no idea what ... '