' a lice in casserole entices the hair eating gorillas of old narnia . doyouevenliftbro i live about 20 minutes away from a huge 24 - hour asda , so i drive down there on the empty 4am roads every few days just so i can wander around the deserted store in peace . the whole left side of the ... the singularity is near by ray kurzweil . this video always makes me feel insignificant . it blows my mind every time . i just finished my 5th watching of the first season :P short of cracking open more craniums ( and of course throwing large amounts of money at it ) , i'm not sure exactly how to speed it up . this guy ... yes . i'm terrified of not being alive when this technology exists . i'm even thinking of trying to enter into the cybernetics industry to help bring it about ( if my current career plans fall ... i have a 3x3 and 4x4 . i used to be able to solve the 3x3 in about a minute and the 4x4 in about 3 minutes but would probably struggle nowadays . it helps massively if you open it up and put vaseline ... there is a language called ithkuil that claims to be just that . it's supposedly the most efficient and logical of all languages , but next to impossible to pronounce fluently since it's not designed ... i've noticed this happens to me a lot . i think the reason is to do with who is talking . since i don't really talk much when walking with more than 1 person , the people that do talk are subconsciously ... p'ness . amateurs : rolleyes : i think it would be useful to define strategy in this thread . when i sit down to play an rts videogame i don't just sit and stare at the screen like some people would like to believe . are we ... i did not have sexual relations with that woman . random boners . can't ... stand ... up ... yet . need a few more minutes . * thinks of ugliness and death * finally , a decent reply to my post ! by different interests , i guess i was referring to things like small talk , or the fact that not a lot of people in the general public care about philosophy etc ... don't worry i'm bringing my own bottle with me . my flight is running a bit late though , i should be there by 9 .  i was gonna make a thread about this , but then i couldn't be bothered . looks like skittles induced explosive diarrhea . i can't be the only one that read that thread title as homemade porn the first time i looked at it . could you do a similar thread but with porn ? how many tblsp of oil would i need for that ? only the intp section can make me feel less cool for having a facebook account , my only saving grace being that i never check it . the only reason why i don't delete my account is because i'm such a ... mine is almost half way down my back . would be longer if it wasn't so wavy . i used to get the girls trying to steal my hair also , it got old fast . if matter and space regressed infinitely into smaller and smaller pieces then motion as we know it would not exist . since each point in space would contain an infinite amount of space within it , it ... i understand that the burden of proof is on the one making the claim . that's exactly why you should just watch the show ( at least 5 episodes ) , since the people on the show are really the ones making ... thank for you posting this , i was beginning to lose hope . it seems that today there are too many people simply mocking this show without actually watching it and thinking about all of the evidence ... around about two paragraphs after the bullet points i felt my intelligence dropping , so i stopped . i would describe the experience as like being violated by a rainbow . you seem to have totally misunderstood that section of my post . just to clarify , i did not go up to the homeless guy , there was no taunting involved whatsoever . sequence of events : me walking down ... how do intps react to beggars on the street ? what about people who want to sell you something or hand you a pamphlet ? on my way to get some food today i walked past a homeless guy , but not just ... i definitely don't claim to be anywhere near flawless , so i guess i overstated my meaning there . touche , sir . i say , fuck peace if it's at the cost of a false world . i don't want to live in a cesspool of lies . if people can't handle my opinions , then they have no right to express their own and expect me to ... i don't care what google do as long as they just fix the shitty ui on youtube . and then leave it alone . forever . primary / gaming desktop : windows 7 64 bit cpu : intel i7 3820 . 6ghz gpu : nvidia geforce gtx 570 phantom ram : 4 x 4gb g skill sniper @ 2133mhz storage : crucial m4 256gb ssd ( for os and select ... okay guys , who do we think did it this time ? al-qaeda ? north korea ? iran ? here's a map of the world's oil deposits in case anyone needs help deciding . but seriously ... this attack sucks ... i suppose this would depend on how much you enjoy your work environment , wouldn't it ? based on my attendance as a student , middle in , last out . i demand you add this option to the poll . or else ... yeah the server stopped working for me too . i was so close to getting my death star built , i had the door systems and forcefields all worked out . i think you had some quarries going last time i ... chop onions near him . nah not really lol . : shocked : i was in the chat ! does the name sleeve ring a bell ? i always thought it was just people irl that forgot me ... i'm having this problem now . i'm doing group work on an animation and one of the guys doesn't like animating , so this will be interesting . unfortunately , i can't do any work for the other members , so ... i feel ya bro . tekkit or die . ham and cheese toastie with a coffee . i'm eating it right now in fact . friend : how are you ? me : i am functioning within established parameters . did this today . although i don't usually do this , i've done it 3 times in the past week . whenever i get a new pair of jeans , i accidentally go walking around with the semi-transparent size sticker ... i think i've come up with a nice little analogy for people blindly trusting you ( a dislike i share ) . i'm sure at some point in your school / college life you've been told to do a piece of work that you ... you're a 36 year old and your nurse called you a kid ? 0__o i'm probably terrible at giving advice on this sort of thing , but i do remember at some point reading stimulates metabolism on the ... the quickest way to get a stir out of me is to tell me i look sad / angry when all i was doing was thinking . the vast majority of assumptions that people have made about me have been wrong , so ... '