' hello central ohio infps ! i've been meaning to mention this for a while now , but you know how it is ... :P #myinfptruth anyway , are there any infp's in central ohio who would be looking to meet ... hello isfj's ! i'm an infp looking for some perspective . my mother is an isfj . her and i have a very good and close relationship , but there are some things about her that i don't understand and ... estj's for their prevalence and because the world is basically tailor-made for them . entj's for their power and persuasiveness . estp's because they are exciting and live life without giving a ... i'm 26 , but i'll be 27 on valentine's day . i'm an aquarius through and through . spiritual yes , religious no . i am a firm believer that your relationship with the higher power is a completely personal one . i myself was raised in a christian household and i identify as one , but ... lololol , i can dig it . if i were a girl , i think id be the outdoorsey type . id go hunting , fishing and camping , but id also still have that weird connection with nature that we infps have ... on a side note , i'm gonna go ahead and throw my hat in the ring here . you're kind of a bear and i'm lovin ' it . and besides ... the infps emotional side is an iceberg that not too may people every see the full extent of . we experience emotions like dogs hear sounds ... it's in such a more intense manner than most are used to ... , i appreciate your responses , but there in lies the problem that i have with stjs . while i agree with some of the points you made , even while reading your response , i am admittedly ... hey istps , since our functions are not only opposite , but flipped as well ( infp = fi , ne , si , te ; istp = ti , se , ni , fe ) , i wanted to get your thoughts on us . my dad's an istp , and to say we don't ... hey , what's this thread about estj's thoughts on infp's need ? another infp giving their thoughts about estjs ! because who cares about rules and instructions ? seriously though , i love how all the ... i'm taking a trip completely by myself to niagra falls from ohio in just a few short hours . i've never done something like this before . i'm going to spend one night up there and then return home . ... i agree with this statement . as an infp , you'd never know i was an introvert unless you actually spend a lot of time getting to know me and realizing how precious my me time is to me . i also happen ... matvey , i'm actually a huge fan of the tales series myself ! thus far , i've played phantasia , symphonia ( my personal favorite ) legendia , abyss and of course vesperia . would love to play more though , ... ok , as a forewarning , i hate being criticized . as i've gotten older , i've gotten better about taking objective criticism , but i'm still working on some things . infp's i know , including myself , do ... easily pokemon , preferably in the johto region . best . world . ever . we stood in the clearing of the forest . the orbs of light danced around us as we laughed . our bodies began to shine and warmth slowly filled us . it was sunset , but everything in the forest was ... has anyone here ever played tales of symphonia ? the main villain of the game , mithos yggdrasill , is such an infp that it's almost ludicrous . and he is bad . beyond just being a bad guy though , there's ... hello everyone ! so i completed the video game tales of vesperia for the xbox 360 a few weeks ago . i have to say , if you haven't played it yet , treat yourself sometime . excellent story and loveable ... ah , intj's ... we have such a love / hate relationship ... currently , i'm involved with a friend who's an intj . we've been friends for many years , and nearly 2 years ago , he and i took that a bit ... i dream of a world where there aren't a lot of laws or government because people have enough sense to act right . money is a null concept ; we all share what we can and look out for one another . it's ... name : tyler hoechlin ... umpf . why : if i have to explain why , you did it wrong , not me . hyper sensitivity . we read into everything , and it's usually in the most self-harming way . i include myself in this too . other than that , we're also annoying whimsical at times and are terrible ... if your infp friend is anything like me , then your friends depression is unfortunately a battle that you will be unable to win . for many infps , depression is just part of the package . we just feel ... 1 . my family 2 . my friends 3 . dogs 4 . my job at my local library 5 . windy days 6 . pumpkin anything ! ( right in time for autumn :) ) 7 . pokemon 8 . exercising 9 . starry nights 10 . random acts of ... i know that when i am under stress , a different side of me comes out . but it's like a dark idealist . i have a vision in my head of how things could ideally be , yet i get flack from the people ... ... are you ok ? i know it's 6 pm , i was taking a nap . what's wrong ? yes , i'm aware that this can of tomato soup is dented , but if i didn't buy it , who would ? it would just be sitting there ... ne to the max . :/ oh my god , this . this so much . um ... first of all , stop thinking your ideas are stupid . there will always be someone out there who doesn't like what you have to say , and there will always be ... hey guys , me again ! thank you for the wonderful responses so far ! :) i've listened to your songs , and ... well , i can honestly say they're very ' us ' indeed ! :D i thought of a few more . i was ... go ahead and play this in the background before you start reading : displaced , confused , a bit unwanted , taken for granted , upset , tired , imprisoned ... allig , thank you so much . i needed this more than you know . <3 i've been wanting to do this for a while . when i listen to music , there are some songs that i just ... i don't know , have a very strange emotional response to . and often times they don't make sense , ... as an infp male , i've met only one other infp male , and 3 infp females , and the male has come up as other results before , so im not sure how accurate his is . i do suspect another friend of mine to be ... not being understood as a result of not being understood , having to over explain everything as a result of over explaining everything , confusing the person your explaining things to further being ... i don't want to die , but when i do die , i want the cause of my death to be saving someone that i love . you know you're an infp when you we're afraid to sleep with your stuffed animals as a child because you didn't want to roll over on them in the night and suffocate them . seriously , this was a thing ... i was hoping you guys could help me with something . my father and i always seem to be butting heads about something . it seems like we just can't see eye-to-eye on just about anything , we're just so ... 69000 thank you mcswiggins , your story is very inspiring and gives me some hope . i couldn't agree more , organization , now more than ever , is the key to starting my path to success . my goal for tomorrow is ... i can appreciate what you said mcswiggins , and quite honestly , i think i would've just gone back and gotten my associates from community college and taken some time off , but now i'm literally 4 ... ok , i'll try to make this quick and spare the whining because i hate to . i'm 25 and i feel absolutely lost in life . i've switched majors multiple times ( english , journalism , business were the ... hello members of personality cafe . although i am new to the site , i've known about pc for a while now , i just never got around to making a profile . i love mbti however and wanted to start interacting ... '