i think grace is the most balanced esfp i have ever seen . i absolutely adore her ! i could see tyler as esfj , but that's just a guess . no . i personally wouldn't say i need lots of alone time ( well , obviously i do , everyone does ) , but it's just that a lot of people don't seem to get my ideas and the way i think . my mind is all over the ... always have and always will :D  i'm not irish , but i live in ireland , does it count ? : kitteh : bastille made a shitty song into an awesome song . haven't posted for a while , so here's a selfie . because i'm vain like that . and also i really love ... i'm ginger again hell yeaaah i'm moving to ireland ? ? ! ! ! how did this happen what is my life what is happening right now no , you're the only one . i hate how bpd is like a synonym for a lunatic ! but yeah . i'm sorry for you , i guess ? or rather , sorry for the girl . i hope she gets help . thank you : kitteh : i have no idea why my hair looks black . i don't know about their mbti types , but i'd say that alice is probably enneagram type 4 . <3 danisnotonfire has said that he's an extrovert . why a j ? i see him more as a p . does joey has a video about it ? i'd like to see it ! i really don't see her as infj either ... but i mean , she ... dailygrace ( <3 ) - probably esfp jennamarbles - estp charlieissocoollike - infp danisnotonfire - either enfp or entp , but definitely 4w3 . or 4w5 ijustine - isfp grav 3yardgirl - esfp ... so i absolutely * must * be enfp . like , totally i realized about two weeks ago that i'm actually an entp , and not an enfp , so i thought it would be only natural to post my face here . hello ! i'm not bisexual , but ... how do people know they're straight either ? probably more like ti than fi . i mean , i usually observe situations before i go into them , and i just have to figure situations out before i can relax . you could braid my hair ! : 3 ... is this creepy ? i know , but i'm like 51-60 % thinker or a feeler , so i think that i need some help with this . it's hard to think my life objectively when i relate both to ti and fi . [ / color ] [ / color ] maybe i'll ... well , do you get your energy from people or from your thoughts ? do you get drained and tired in a social situation ? how much do you need alone time ? i can't focus , your signature is hypnotizing me but thank you for the video ! i'm pretty sure i'm an entp now , but i'm still not 100 % sure . enfp just seems wrong somehow . drmiller 100 , how is ... thanks for your answers ! so , maybe i've been an entp all along ! i'm still wondering what would a 7w6 entp look like compared to 7w8 enfp . hello there ! l'empereur , it's a prs :) it's not mine though ! over the knee socks . i'm in love . ... that's a lot of reading , thank you ! tru 7h , here you go , the questionnaire . so , i did this thread earlier today . check it out if you haven't already , it might clear things up a bit ! but here's the questionnaire : 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer ... my dimples finally decided to show up in a picture ! oh , this was quite helpful , sir ! it's hard to tell whether i'm a ti or fi user . i really , honestly can't tell , they both sound so familiar to me . that's why i'm wondering if it's possible to just ... i know , that's why i'm confused ! i don't take mbti tests nowadays , but i do take cognitive functions-tests . according to them , i'm entp or entj . i was just wondering that would a 7w6 entp seem ... lately i have been reading about cognitive functions more , and they are starting to make sense to me . now that i understand cognitive functions better , i'm pretty sure that i'm a borderline ... ... know how to write circular gallifreyan oh hell yeah . i'm always daydreaming , i pretty much live in my own fantasy world . i'm pretty sure it's a ne-thing though . ... you watch this and immediately think of 5-6 people !  it has been a while on a scale from 1-10 how : 1 . happy are you ? right now , about 6 . every other day , about 8 . 2 . socially skilled are you ? depends on my mood , 7 to 10 3 . lazy are you ? 10 ! 4 . emotional are you ? ... for me the best way to get me study is to make it fun ! try to find a way to make studying fun together . what courses is she failing ? i am an enfp , and today i ate candy for breakfast and decided to learn to write with my left hand . o_o i immediately thought of estp , too . i can't believe this , i have only written like 300-400 words . i have been way too busy ! and i have a writer's block , haha . plus i actually kind of forgot about this whole thing . i'm writing a ... everything about this guy . oh , really ? i though that was impossible ! shy ? enfp ? really ? i have been so wrong . hehe . i'm shy too :-) you don't . we find you ! : kitteh : welcome : kitteh : i had a crazy hair day