' in udaipur , rajasthan , where i lived for a few years , squirrels roamed wild over the houses and were barely tolerated by the people . i began feeding the ones in my yard , ( corn , bread , nuts ) but then ... i agree with distry and astralflame about posting aspects of our less attractive sides so here's a pic of me first thing in the morning , just out of bed , bedraggled , not quite functional 495002 i've been thinking about this for months but unable to come to any sort of resolution . i was born with male genitalia and i like being a guy . i'm also gay . i also look very androgynous and quite like ... thanks for posting . it's strange how it often takes a near brush with death to remind us of the beauty of life and to sort out what the important things are . have you kept that serenity or balance in ... yep ! good ! extra kudos for being out taking photos at that hour . i've had this problem for some time when i'm just being my gay , helpful self and women think i'm interested . silly me would be totally oblivious to what's happening until too late and then , more ... so , caravaggio and muffin have taken up collecting knives . 414690 top to bottom : cold steel royal kukri nepalese cheetlange kukri fury commando fixed blade 2 dark ops interceptor e & e brazil 384369http :/ / www.imdb.com/title/tt0088846/ i saw this many years ago and thought it would be dated 30 years later , but it's still as amazing , fresh , funny , sad and surreal as ever . a ... beach in the caribbean 373546 3728 66 i lack basic education in science so can't follow the details but i read up on advances and some mind-boggling breakthroughs in tech . in the war against fossil fuels , electric cars ( and planes ) ... isn't it ironic that they feel sorry for us because we look lonely when we sit by ourselves ? being alone doesn't mean being lonely . pardon me , but may i join in to add to what was already said ? the book and the 1971 film are pretty close since the director luchino visconti reportedly used the book as his script . he simply ... went leatherback turtle-watching ( when they come ashore to lay their eggs ) last night and camped out on the beach at sans souci in the caribbean . drove there in the evening which was the best time to ... since this is an infp thread , i'm posting my four favourite infp-type movies . the four heroes are typical infps ( introverted , shy , naive , alone , high moral values , talented , misfits in wider society , ... you're being too modest . i know cameras now can do amazing things but i'm sure you know what you're doing . you can't consistently be getting great photos by accident . can we see some more of your ... iremember . every person , no matter their station in life , whether they're richer , smarter , poorer ( maybe not the stupid ones ) is equal . many people project an aura of self-confidence through ... thanks tangled kite . ha ! photos are selective things . you should see the jumble under the bed ! i like the flowers and your photos are really good . they're backlit , do you use fill-in flash or a ... i was watching will smith's focus ( really smart movie ) when , out of nowhere , i suddenly decided to start taking pics because i'm really amazed at how good the phone cameras are . ( typical infp train ... hi lemurbaby . thanks for your quick response . i was living and travelling in india and surrounding countries for 4 years , 2001-2005 , and pakistan and afghanistan were always at the top of my must ... congratulations of the work you're doing there and i wish you every success . sometime ago , i read the book , three cups of tea by greg mortenson and david oliver relin . i've been to pakistan ... well , obviously , if the relationship isn't working you should drop it . do you want to continue giving and giving like the energizer bunny and getting nothing back and feeling even more used ? and ... sorry , but your pic isn't showing properly - perc is undergoing some random issues which could be the cause of the problem - so , without seeing the length of your hair , i read up on it ... i don't know what type they are but i'm pretty sure they're not infp . what type are bullies ? i have a few pounds on them so i figure i could take them easily , but i'm a bit concerned about the ... muffin and caravaggio say they're not stuffed animals , they're real . here they are monopolising my computer watching the velveteen rabbit and smirking that , while the velveteen rabbit became real , ... anyone knows where refugee has gone to ? haven't seen him around for over a month now . has he said he was taking a sabbatical ? i see microsoft is about to launch its augmented reality hololens microsoft announces windows holographic with hololens headset | the verge which reminded me of the movie , the thirteenth floor , ... i thought my ex - and i got along better on separate continents . i did phone every day and i supported him financially all the time i was away but he loved to argue over who-knows-what . which ... ... when you have odd hobbies . here's my little fledgling collection of beach sand - 252994 sand is sand is sand , right ? well , they may all look alike but the beauty of beach sand is best seen ... well , are we infps or are we infps ? my red starfish also alludes to the symbol for pr china where i lived for 4 years some time ago . ... when your christmas table centrepiece looks like this - 243386 and your christmas tree looks like this - 243394 it was made from fallen branches in my driveway and i thought i would ... when we were young , we had boundless energy and wanted to test ourselves by pushing the boundaries . they were often reckless and even silly , but those were different times . the seventies were ... on first reading , it appears to be about an infp , but it's actually my view of an off-worlder who wrote the voynich manuscript , a 600 - year-old manuscript that has baffled scholars worldwide to this ... 108186 he was still at a young age when he acknowledged that he was different . he looked different , he looked out at the world through different eyes , he spoke a different language . he was ... it doesn't make any sense continuing this . hmmm . no smiley face or tongue . i only said he is a gay infp guy from your country . do you want me to vet him for you too ? you sound like someone accustomed to being spoon-fed . there's another on here also from your country . you'll meet him up sooner or later . nevermind . thanks for linking me to dr cox's brilliant presentation but you mean i just spent 2 hours of my life researching the first google link you could find ? ( 1 hour of that was spent watching a night with ... i'm sorry . i jut noticed your link to the james sheils article . ( this is one of the disadvantages of multi-tasking ) . i didn't recognise mr sheils name so i googled him and found that , besides his own ... the man has a doctorate . and he explains really simple physics in an intelligent way . how could anyone find fault with that ? it's like when managers tell their formula 1 drivers , just go as fast as ... afaik know , dr cox explains the beauty of science in simple ways that simpletons like me can understand . as for his qualifications , apart from ex-rock star and a pretty face , the man works at the ... i had a friend from knutsford , cheshire , who also had that hard g as in sing-ging . knutsford is near manchester , where brian cox comes from , so it's no surprise that they share that accent . ... you have so many tabs open in firefox ? i normlly use ff but i use chrome if i have more than 2 windows and 12 tabs open . i don't mean to derail this thread which is intended to link to learning sites , not necessarily to discuss subjects in depth but i'm disappointed that the holographic universe concept is being ... welcome , kevin . we all daydream a lot here , at night too , so you're in good company here . what do you dream about ? the page this links to is no longer there so i went googling for another test and took the sommer & sommer one at right-brained ? left-brained ? take the brain test ! and got a staggering 75 % left ... it's 20 or 21 years ago that myst came out . i was enthralled by the eerie music , the stunning graphics , the ingenious puzzles and ... the lonely isolation . almost nobody else on the island . i also ... that's quite legible and also wise . your ts are the same as my german friend's is . maybe it's about crossing your t's and dotting your i's ? well , maybe not . at the risk of sounding naive , what's ... i decided to write my signature so people could simply read it below instead of trying to decipher my handwriting 95668 written with my favourite pen , a uniball vision . here's a thread by ... '