' internet freedom is almost gone ! contact the fcc and tell them to keep their # @ $ f * ) ^ * & # hands off ! jesus carry me all the way ! amen thanks for sharing this ... i youtube searched some sudanese dancehall music ... i liked .. then i searched christian sudanese dancehall .. wow i'm loving this .. thanks again yeah ... so im like abortion is murder .. then people try telling me a new definition of murder or what a human is . smh delusional hypocrites then go on to say violence should never be accepted . lmao ! ... one easy way to overcome this breakup is to realize that with long distance relationships a lot of the things you like about the other person are created by and inserted into their character by ... hitting with that wisdom ... lmao .. yo i havent eaten a steak like that in so long .. i forgot what it looked like . thats right yum i remember i used to chew on that fat for a minute or two and savor it .. awww the good ole days . i am a pollo-vegetarian also . i am working toward fruitarian though . i believe fruitarian is the healthiest diet . i practice mono meals quite often . i am a firm believer in food combining . i track ... fellow trance addict here as well .. i like all types in some way or another . yuck ! you deserve better than that ! ! ! he has no respect . disgusting trash ! ahhhhhggghhh ! listen , you love yourself with his friendship .. you dont like him . how could you ! your feelings are ... the statement is only true in reflection . it is not something a lover can do . its like something one would tell themselves after a breakup . how do we run this script ? is it opensource ? i love to tinker . :) be the change you want to see in the world . humanity for the most part is going to hell no need to feel sorry for it ... it's an individual choice . there is no waking up the masses . they are locked ... facebook is a data mining operation ... 1 john 4:2 - 3 hereby know ye the spirit of god : every spirit that confesseth that jesus christ is come in the flesh is of god : and every spirit that confesseth not that jesus christ is come in ... meds can effect hormones i think it all started with the legos . thumping trance thumping dance always an emotional romance there they were .. all tangled and shit pulled gone thrown away .. i sit and stare off floating on that opiate ship take them away , take me away i cant believe you think is ok to send gifts to another woman when you are married . she did the right thing and sent them back to you . if i knew you personally id prolly call you a bad word . you ... i lost my best friend when i was 12 . bruce whyd you have to ride those wheelies man . cant wait to see you again . i do have a new best friend . i know i know .. its a girl gross huh . but man she is what ... i am very mechanically inclined .. i can visualize parts of machines and in fact that ability is part of my job . :) i am a technician ... though this last year i moved into a more electrical field . i ... i too thought it quite delicious . hey , that song hit the spot ! thank you (: hebrews 13:5 let your conversation be without covetousness ; and be content with such things as ye have : for he hath said , i will never leave thee , ...  it puts the lotion on its skin .  . ridiculous i have children and i wanted children when i was a child . i've always wanted to be a father . i was born to be a father . my heart is way to big for just one person . my wife and i have 6 children . i ... i found my home .. partially created it with some substantial help .. married with children . i am trusted , admired , and loved . i have security , friendship , and happiness . maybe that longing to belong ... merry christmas yall . praise the lord . he is good ! all the time . be blessed yall . smile a bit too . this year is almost over and god willing we can enjoy another . take a little time and let him know ... made this awhile ago .. i think it fits here . :) whoa ! is right on and i say it again . if she knew how much you think about her she would tell you yes or no and if she likes that or not . you are hiding behind knowledge man . love is not logical . if ... i dont know if yall can dig christian rap .. i do . you ever seen or read this ? pride & prejudice i think you may like . try something like : i think about you a lot .. will i ever see you again ? need to know now . did you remember her birthday ? do you know anything about her ? i cant imagine you having these ... jesus , thank you for that unimaginable gift . i give you thanks lord and everything if you require it . remember me and just so you know ... i think ...  jesus is the king of all kings . praise god we are given the life to worship him . i mean this .. ! one of my most favorite subscriptions on youtube ! you think you were born in the wrong era ? need proof ? take a listen ...  i had too .. hold em back if you want .. or enjoy being human .. love yall the wind that helped mold them . shape their family . the wind they thought they endured . as if it was separate from them . and as they fall away today the wind still cares for them . the wind blowing some leaves can make me cry . smh its all about how connected to the moment do i want to be . i have learned much about blocking . but oh yeah movies can . a movie with a good ... no i cant really . i admit that i mistake people trying to give me clues as just normal niceness . i kinda agree with i feel like everyone likes me to varying degrees . jesus is the word , the truth , and the light . in the beginning the word was with god and the word was god . opinion on jesus ... listen carefully . never ending grace ... its all washed away . believe . '