this definition regarding iei 2fe is pretty accurate for me . socionics types : iei-infp subtypes some may relate to ni . do some research you will fit in some where hehe . 1 place where every one ... mbti infj socionics infp ( note small p here ) socionincs help me identify that i am mbti infj not an infp . after taking socionics you would have got a cognitive function ... eg in my case ... found this on infp forum this explains why it is tough for me ( for some strange reason my e / i and p / j score almost equally every time ... infj's are usually reserved . if some one approaches me i am ... i am a male and this thing is found in me too . it was pointed out by my friends . i started to observe what i needed but failed to realise that i had shifted my mood . i once wrote diary half in ... i chose the 4th one but irl it would totally depend on situation . i would have done this most probably but with some better story ... and that just strikes us immediately ( infj thing hehe ) found a short emotional iq test . i scored a perfect 160/160 ennegram 2w3 6w7 i'm just curious at whether other infjs would have similar results or if we would widely vary . 706962 the ... some further detail . any of my friendships arent going to last here ( if i have any ) . these all hierarchy friend groups and i dont fit in any where because mostly these people are friends for purpose ... i strongly sugest you to play royal revolt 2 . the deffinition you gave perfectly describes this game . and i chalenge you to beat me . ign ; xxmeglad 0n stark.xx i need some help here what happned : today we were supposed to have class in the morning . most students opted to bunk the class . they were just roaming here and there . i reached the place outside ... infj 2w3 6w7 sp / so ( took test several times but results are always sp / so but i think i have more sx ) i am not the usual stereotypical infj . i am a bit out going and can relate easily to people . new ... pessimistic kid i have recovered a bit after reading special ova and coda version . but this anime was not action like other anime . i usually dont watch anime . this was a love story an a story about ... my favourite would be kaori miyazono from shibatsu wa kimi no uso charlie.elliot tried that ... even tried to sleep .. tried watching something funny but its not working ... want to cry out loud but my eyes have dried up throat has swollen up . i recently finished watching an anime called shigatsu wa kimi no uso ( you lie in april ) . found it interesting and it kept me glued but as series progresses a sad vibe is introduced which increases in ... the one bellow ( signature ) here are some stuff i genrally listen too .. mostly based on mood and this has it all story of my sleep 1 > either i sleep 10 hr straight or no sleep for 3 days gime some thing interesting ( no change observed in behaviour ) 2 > i forcefully sleep for 5.5 hr and wake up drowsy ... often ... game lets post wierd stuff and let the next person review it ... let me start snails are pretty intense xf kappa , minotaur , cyclops , kraken , yeti top 5 pizza toppings . hehe already feeling hungry ursala , malefecent , captainhook , cruella de vil , evil queen in snow white and 7 dwarfs ( forgot name ) top 5 most beautiful disney princess interested to know what kind of guyz isfj girls like . your perferences . name 5 wanted traits , name 5 turn-off traits , name 5 physical appearance turn ons , and name 5 physical appearance turn offs sistine madonna , the kiss of judas , mona lisa , titan , giotto top 5 kangri paintings . ( tag me or reply with quotes ) ne and ni are balanced i have been tested as enfj on similar minds jungs cognitive function test i am 17 . i think its not as we turn into ambiverts as we mature . i have seen that we learn how to interact socially and develop emotional and social maturity ... hidding our emotions and wearing a ... i am often typed as xnfx . i have a borderline of i and e and same with j and p ( mostly typed as infp as i and p are slightly higher usually 2-6 % ) i find highly comparable to infj cognative ... i have tried various mbti tests and i am rated as infp-t always with 54 % introversion 87 % intuition 75 % feeling 56 % perceiving my engram is 2w3 wich is more common to infj than infp my ... dont know how the thread got duplicated . a request to mods to please remove other threads have you ever thought that you are not infp ? try taking these tests and read about them big five disc ... have you ever thought that you are not infp ? try taking these tests and read about them big five disc ... have you ever thought that you are not infp ? try taking these tests and read about them big five disc ... have you ever thought that you are not infp ? try taking these tests and read about them big five disc ... it is very accurate and more apealing than mbti and it will tell some hidden aspects of your life . dont expect accurate results if you ... i am a socialable infp and i find common ground quit easily . i want to meet new people some times but it is out of my league to approach some one . i want your help to look more approachable or how ... mother - infp-t father - esfj-t both are tested i think they understand me too much till the extent that they dont understand me . dont know if you got it hehe : blushed :: bored : travel through time at will whats worse washing dishes or mopping whole house ? in genral any nf should be good . but for some reason i am drawn to isfj females . any one else ? i could pause time and enter hermit mode and then when i am normal press resume . world would be so much better place malgudi days by rk narayan . once you know how to solve the rubix cube its easy . i choose rubix cube ;) watch sense 8 or silicon valley ? ( tv show i need to choose one cant decide xx ) what do you think about infps ? real answers ... ready to accept hate and love both write a diary and let loose all your feelings there and when you feel down / lonely / blue / hermit just read it . it has helped me a lot and it feels great . also in long run you are surely gonna laugh ... i am pretty good with people . i used to go to extra classes and tutions earlier and had the spark but i didnt payed much attention as i had a good friend circle back then and those people are all ... fans i always wanted to be in japanese culture . i seem to belong there . they dont want you to be very social and that place is introvert friendly . people seem to be open and if you want human contact ... i am in highschool and i dont have no close freinds . i have a lot of acquaintances . i have a lot of free time in day as i study under special study program and are taught pcm only and there are 33 ... i am detected as an infp but i find my self change my personality according to situation . i deffinately belong to nf temprament . and i have all qualities of infp enfp infj and some of enfj . i am ... me peobee buffay ( from friends ) just a bit shyer , more caring and more emotional version of her ( i mean the jokes and normal situations i am not mean like her though she gives no fuks to her friends ... theres a girl that i like and i have found out that she likes me back too . we have seen each other in our comfort zones but have never talked to each other . about me : i am not a usual infp i am ... theres a girl that i like and i have found out that she likes me back too . we have seen each other in our comfort zones but have never talked to each other . about me : i am not a usual infp i am ... i know we infps tend to evaluate our self's and want to improve constantly so here is some thing which cheered me up hope it helps you too . x93 when comparing yourself to others , remember that you ...