' i think that there must be a reason she is estranged from you , but i can't tell from the context . the lack of background from you makes it sound like you've been hurt in the past and it's painful to ... i laughed so hard at this as it reminds me how i recently confused an istp friend with how i manage to actually function in the real world . i was leading a group of friends around a city and ended up ... i can relate to driving being a relaxing activity that i also tend to be quite good at . i can also relate to being quite dexterous and good at sports when i put my focus on it . just today i went ... good : infp , intj , istp , estp , isfj infp was my favorite roommate , we were friends before we were roommates and it worked well for us to live together . he's just a good guy who was easy to live ... dear istp , your reactions to fe displays are hilarious , so i'm just going to keep coming up with ever more grandiose ways of acting them out . we both know you secretly like them anyway . don't ... thanks for the more detailed explanation . given that situation i think she needs a stronger social support network to break out of the situation . she says that her family is very important to her ... i had to do this by talking to others first and realizing it wasn't just my boundaries that were being pushed , but that this was a larger harmful pattern with the perpetrators involved . talking to ... kind of hard to explain what i actually do , day to day it seems like i just answer emails :P but broadly i do indeed do science there to see how the world is changing ! when i was younger i used to get intensely lonely , but as my life became filled with more things ( too much at times i would say ! ) it has eased off some and taken on a different form . but reflecting ... so sorry to hear this happened , and reading others experiences as well has certainly been enlightening . the first time i was cheated on i wasn't all that emotionally connected to the girl so it ... i'm certainly not very fashionable in a traditional sense , and know next to nothing about women's fashion . that said though , i do use colors to convey a certain emotion , mood , or mentality much like ... just to stir the pot on this i could also call einstein a fraud because he stole his theory of relativity from hilbert ... but i actually wouldn't go that far , einstein was certainly smart just not ... i love listening to the music others have put up , nice to hear what other infjs are connecting with ! 629330 keeping more in tune with the spirit of the thread , here's my first attempt at a serious drawing as an adult . i've been inspired to start drawing more lately , but a bit undecided if i want ... ha , i do get to work there sometimes , but am definitely not santa ! i go down south too , here's a picture i took in antarctica . 629066 6290 42 a picture of the first sunrise of the year at the north pole . not a particularly good picture , but personally meaningful to me , it was very surreal to be there ! i've only had a few people actively dislike me , they were manipulative bullies that i called out for their bad behavior . i really want nothing to do with them in my life anymore , but now they won't ... i'm not an estp so i don't know how they'd react to this kind of message , but i can say i've thought of doing something similar in the past and am glad i never actually followed through with it . with ... well , i'm a bit conflicted giving advice as i think if you were to change from your authentic self any infj would realize it and be wary . so i'd just say be yourself and if the infj is beginning to ... tonight a female esfj confessed she had been in love with me years ago but gave up because she thought i was interested in someone else . i had no idea she liked me though , so not sure how many other ... absolutely i do this , i think it's been kind of a rollercoaster throughout life with how much or little i've done it though . when i was younger i didn't do it so much , i was generally just shy and if ... i haven't met that many infj's in real life , and only been good friends with one ( whom i got along with very well ) . i occasionally work with another woman i suspect is infj , and despite a great ... just curious if you know what type your mom is ? my mom is isfj and that sounds like what she'd do to me when i was younger , drove me up a wall too . i'm wondering if it's a mom thing , or an xsfj thing ... in 5th grade one of you bastard estps embarrassed me more than i had ever been in my life by announcing to the whole class that i farted very loudly . well guess what fucker , i didn't do it ! i just ... yeah , totally entp . the arrogance , inability to stay focused , crude behavior towards the opposite sex , constant mockery and tearing down of others etc . it's just like some of the worst entps i've ... this rings true with me as well . i can't stand bullying and overly aggressive people , when they do it to me i usually put up a wall but when i see them do it to others it sets me off . the most ... i've heard si described as our demonic function and to me that rings true . usually when i'm in the grip of negative si i have dreams of monsters and evil people torturing me or someone else , it has ... i do think joseph campbell is an awesome ni type , but he seems more like an emotionally healthy intj rather than an infj to me . i'm basing that on his book the hero with a thousand faces , it's a ... how dare you notice us doing that , it's supposed to be an infj secret ! seriously though , that's some nice observational skills as usually it's done at the level most people don't even notice . perhaps ... yes , i tend to remember my dreams after waking , though if it's just a jumbled chaotic mess and doesn't seem important then i tend to forget the content quickly . sometimes i'll randomly wake in the ... yes , i love anathema ! that's an old but good one too . amazing to see how their sound has evolved over the years as well . i used to really dislike estjs when i was younger , but after growing a thicker skin and becoming more comfortable with my own self i actually have grown to respect and like them as friends and ... thanks , that's very helpful ! i guess part of what struck me was the oversharing aspect on social media , which i would say applies on some level to both my friends , as opposed to them being more ... i have to ask , how old is this infj ? i'm just thinking if this happened to me say in high school i probably would have acted much like your friend . i probably would have been immature and just door ... i have two estp friends who are both very outgoing and usually not shy about sharing details of their lives with people . they're both pretty prolific on social media as well , though usually in a more ... dear enfp dad , we should talk again soon , after you retired you seem to be struggling with your purpose in life and nobody else seems to sense this . i know that's why you acted out a few times in ... i'll second marv's statement that i greatly admire public intj intellectuals . i also enjoy reading intj scholarly works , they're often deep and insightful in a way which clicks with me . the best ... he seems very much like an entp to me . from reading his autobiographies he comes across strongly as one too . whatever his type , he was very much a well developed and admirable person . that sounds a lot like projection of inferior ti from an enfj ... sorry to hear about your situation , nallred . having experienced a plethora of narcissistic abuse the past few years from various people at work i'm keenly aware of how much stress and doubt people ... i'm sorry to hear about the situation , i can really relate since i've been in similar situations before . when i was younger i was much like you said , i didn't have enough confidence in myself and ... i think stimulating ni and developing it kind of go in tandem , so i may be mixing terms up a bit , but here goes ... my ni is constant , i'm always using it in some capacity but that doesn't mean ... dear istp , i sincerely hope you're feeling better after our talk yesterday . you shouldn't judge yourself so harshly for whatever perceived weaknesses you think you have . i think you're a ... haven't been at rock bottom for a long time now , but i do remember well when i hit it a while ago . i had just finished college and wanted to get into grad school rather than look for a job . but i was ... interesting article , i believe it . but in my experience etnps do this far more pervasively than estps . with the estps i've known , if i caught them in a lie and called them out they've always leveled ... i think it strongly depends on what the istp asked your help to do ? if your solution is something that requires them to engage their inferior fe then i can see how they'd get defensive . they'd ... i have an estp friend who hugs me all the time . but it didn't start out that way , we just had to build up to it in the right manner . one night she was really stressed and pissed off at the world , we ... in my experience , this sort of behavior is somewhat common with older and / or slightly more developed estps and entps , even istps and intps to a lesser degree . it's just them trying to use fe , but ... '