' prince - i would die 4 u sent from my iphone using tapatalk in a 90 ' s mood so , at the moment i'm listening to : hooch by everything sent from my iphone using tapatalk joe cocker & jennifer warnes - up where we belong sent from my iphone using tapatalk fly - sugar ray on iheart 90s radio sent from my iphone using tapatalk gin blossoms - hey jealousy sent from my iphone using tapatalk genesis - that's all ( courtesy of iheart 80s station on iheartradio ) the beatles - maxwell's silver hammer sent from my iphone using tapatalk the cure - untitled sent from my iphone using tapatalk the cure - pictures of you sent from my iphone using tapatalk patti smith - birdland giving the horses album a listen for the first time . sent from my iphone using tapatalk just finished and she was by the talking heads and now i've moved onto mind i love this band so god damn much . listening to them always puts me in a great mood . sent from my iphone using ... gin blossoms - hey jealousy & soul asylum - runaway train gin blossoms - hey jealousy the police - reggata de blanc sent from my iphone using tapatalk cheap trick - i want you to want me ( from live at budokan ) sent from my iphone using tapatalk the beatles - boys poor ringo .. sent from my iphone using tapatalk the beatles - being for the benefit of mr kite sent from my iphone using tapatalk is the title of this thread a reference to the room ? if so , op wins at life . if you are confused , behold : perhaps the single greatest non-sequitur to be captured on film ... talking heads - mind sent from my iphone using tapatalk pink floyd - speak to me i've been mad for fucking years ... and now .. pink floyd - breathe :) the police - don't stand so close to me the song in which grand rhymemaster sting rhymes cough with nabokov . smooth , sting . sent from my iphone using tapatalk the police - message in a bottle sent from my iphone using tapatalk let me tackle the police's debut - outlandos d'amour 1 . can't stand losing you 2 . so lonely 3 . roxanne 4 . next to you 5 . hole in my life 6 . truth hits everybody 7 . born in the 50s 8 ... pretty self explanatory - either after you listen to an album , or just for shits & giggles , post how you would rank the individual songs on any given album i'll start with an album i recently ... fleetwood mac - gold dust woman sent from my iphone using tapatalk the police - can't stand losing you the police's debut is genius . a collection of 10 perfectly crafted new wave / pop songs . only one that comes close , for my money , is their final effort ... the band - tears of rage sent from my iphone using tapatalk weezer - holiday finishing up a spin of their s / t debut ( the blue album ) sent from my iphone using tapatalk isolation - john lennon sent from my iphone using tapatalk john lennon - working class hero they hurt you at home and they hit you at school . they hate you if you're clever and they despise a fool .. till you're so fucking crazy you can't follow their ... the zombies - she's not there this song kicks so much ass . perfect slice of 60s pop . sent from my iphone using tapatalk otis redding - down in the valley sent from my iphone using tapatalk otis redding - ole man trouble giving otis blue / otis redding sings soul a spin for my first time sent from my iphone using tapatalk the kinks - session man sent from my iphone using tapatalk the doors - love street it's a waiting for the sun kind of morning :) sent from my iphone using tapatalk the doors - moonlight drive off their 1967 album , strange days listening to the doors reminds me of just how one of a kind jim morrison was . what a voice .. sent from my iphone using ... the kinks - death of a clown sent from my iphone using tapatalk last movie i watched was the original evil dead for my first time . if you guys haven't already , you guys should join the perc last.fm group ! personality cafe âx80x93 group at last.fm also , for the 15th time , lastfm is fifthofnovember i've added a bunch of you ... recently , i've been playing a lot of perfect dark for nintendo 64 .. i forgot how fun combat simulator ( multiplayer ) can be ! the cars - just what i needed off their 1978 s / t debut led zeppelin - you shook me givin ' their first album a listen for the first time in a very long time . the who - i can't explain added you ! we're low compatibility :[ your musical compatibility with milddude is lowmusic you have in common includes creedence clearwater revival , the velvet underground , the beach boys , talking ... creedence clearwater revival - run through the jungle queen - i'm in love with my car whenever someone says monopoly , i think of this bit louis ck does on monopoly louis ck - monopoly - video skip to about 40 seconds if you're interested i agree with this post almost in its entirety . ( surprisingly :P ) i really get into games with a very strong social element ( almost all the examples you listed , except apples to apples really , because ... queen - crazy little thing called love queen - don't stop me now this song fucking rules . '