hello lpt hey . welcome to perc . hope you have a relaxing stay here . ^ ^ time to take a practice test . be back in a few hours . or maybe tomorrow . yeah . i've been inactive for maybe half a year . or a whole one . dunno anymore . this is ice cream soda , if you're referring to the unfamiliar username . hey doc . it's been a while this varies greatly . generally we're in a place that's fun , social and also has lots of people . or we're on perc hi i used to have the same problem . you'll figure it out eventually . ^ ^ yo . welcome to the club . glad to have you . ^ ^ you can go to bed , but i won't give up ! ^ ^ btw , i'm just arguing the point . i don't necessarily believe it . i just think it's plausible you just contradicted yourself . i didn't say nothing existed . i said nothing physical existed . as i said , ideas are kinda like energy , in that they're inherently there , but don't necessarily take on ... ah . now this gets fun . if everything is simply an idea , rather than a physical object , there's no need for this whole theory , as everything is the same inherently . theories would be able to exist ... in the midst of this whole discussion , i've hit over 700 posts . yay ! by making the two equivalent , the object is inherently the same as the subject . this , in philosophical terms , is possible . one branch of philosophy states that nothing we see around us actually ... there's one friend that i would allow to do so . and he's a surgeon , so that doesn't really count . ah . that's what we're talking about . oops . lemme think here ... first , we have to define what importance actually is referring to . is it referring to importance for a human individual ? is it referring to the effect it has on earth's biosphere ? is it referring to ... enfp i believe in some kind of supernatural entity . i guess that makes me agnostic . ... i have the urge to make this into a long and interesting conversation , but this isn't the thread for it , unfortunately ... james brown - sex machine james gang - funk #49 thinking about melodies , harmonies , and other ideas for composing . again . stuart duncan , chris thile , edgar meyer , yo-yo ma - attaboy not anymore . used to be in a similar situation , though , so i can relate to you . this sounds like something you might wanna post in the advice section of perc if it's a serious problem . stuart duncan , chris thile , edgar meyer , yo-yo ma & aoife o'donovan - here and heaven banned for being cold-hearted . i'm not sorry at all . not that i know of . i dress pretty boring , unless i see reason to do otherwise . generally though , hoodie , jeans , t-shirt , sneakers . ac / dc - jailbreak leeeroooy jeeenkiiins i cream-chan has become sleepy , desuuu ~ ... * cream-chan yawns * cream-chan wishes everyone a goodnight , desu ~ ! ^ w ^ <3 <3 <3 * cream-chan hugs everyone here one last time , then rolls away * thomas gold - marsch marsch ( thomas gold 2011 rework ) ... ok , i only recently started typing like this again . hold on , lemme gather myself together ... * breaths deeply , exhales deeply * * ahem * ... cream-chan will give wontly-chan a big , fluffy ... who are you lurking thrall person ? ; _ ; * headbangs * * shrugs * if you want to call me that , that's okay too . i don't mind lololol xd ... who is this person that's been lurking for a while ? wamphyrithrall , stop lurking . * drags wamphyrithrall out of a dark corner * zircon - level bounce most people i know here call me cream . ^ ^ ... i know . it's a long story . cash cash - surrender cause supposedly we know each other on perc , but have no clue who the other actually is . i have no idea how to talk to you rascals flatts - banjo ice cream soda and songbird of solace were two of my previous usernames . huh . ... this is actually really weird . and awkward . =P extreme - get the funk out isotropic ... ... do you remember an ice cream soda or songbird of solace ? ... wait . that can't be right . i have you as a friend on perc . ... ... what usernames did you go by previously , wontly ? edit : ignore this post . ... i don't think i've met you . hi ^ ^ the commodores - brick house kaaage . stop lurking unless you're taking a shower or something i don't do requests unless i feel like being nice or i'm in a really good mood . most of my ne stuff is initiated by me , similar to you . however , i tend to initiate conversations a lot , which can ...