' 1.people earth 2.color race / rainbows 3.money monopoly ( the game ) 4.life forests , animals , oceans , etc . 5.nature a very beautiful woman happily standing in the forest . ( 6.book ) secrets ... i keep any opinions on controversial stuff to myself when it comes to classmates and people i don't know . if they ask i just say do i look like i wanna fucking talk about this ? argue with ... haha , yeah i tried to describe it to my friends but they just gave me confused looks . : c it's very cool looking , i might have to draw and color it ... holy crap i do this too . only the dates stay in a sort of severely compressed calender . and when i think of the date i just mentally zoom into this calender by looking for the color of the month ... um , well the best i can come up with is se = a tse = am and lse = at , assuming ' e ' is the end of the word and isn't supposed to be used and the words are going backwards . so that would mean t = m ... i like being the passenger , and i absolutely love road trips . that way i can look out the window and think and listen to my mp3 player . actually driving is an entirely different matter . : c i've been told i walk like a penguin . 8 | 3 facebooks , thinking about making 2 more . 3 tinierme accounts , only 1 is active . i referred my 2 other e-mail accounts so i could get more money on my main . xp 1 tumblr . i don't really post ... i have 3 close friends atm . 1 is my best friend who i've known since i was around 9/10 , another is my other best friend who kind of shows up at random times in my life . we usually spend like 5 ... can you tell i like hetalia yet ? and i have no clue how to post images in this forum . 8 | if that happened , i think i would silently go haha ! i was fucking right ! ... now how do i get off this ledge without killing myself . it would've been more thoughtful if i realized that i never ... i'd definitely want to know . then i'd get my ass in gear and actually write the remainder of those books . and if i had a few years , i'd write the books , and then travel so much i'd put all the ... my best friend is an enfp . she's pretty much what everyone else described . only she gets on my nerves when she dates a guy for 2 days and then claims that she loves him and he loves her . i ... i remembered some more . ಠ_ರ ೃ ^ / / / ^ > / / / < > / / / > o / / / o otl ಥnಥ ಥuಥ ಥ__ಥ : u > : u > u : i > : i > i 8u and my personal favorites : ( ╬ ಠ益ಠ ) щ ( ﾟдﾟщ ) ಡuಡ ... meh ... not particularly anything atm ... tired i suppose . my dreams are usually set in a completely different world . they either start out that way , end up that way , or they seem that way . i'm usually watching myself , or i'm in someone else's body . when ... i study russian and icelandic on my own ... i also go back and forth with french . i have so many books on so many languages , yet i hardly ever spend more than 2 hours on them . curse my laziness . 8| ... depends on who i'm talking with , and where . if i'm iming with normal people , i usually stick to : xd , :D , c : , :P , xp . but if i'm talking to my best friend or most of the young ... dream jobs : philosopher , genetic engineer , linguist , manga artist , writer , biologist , ambassador ... there's a lot , actually . current job : doing any kind of odd jobs . in a few weeks i'll be a ... getting abducted by aliens and being dissected by them . i've had this fear for as long as i can remember , probably because i was raised on alien movies . i know it will probably never happen , but i ... i taught myself html and css when i was a kid ... does that count ? i'm also learning basic javascript stuff ... i'm taking web design atm , but it doesn't really seem like something i want to do for a ... who does think aliens are out there ? me ~ in which form ? all kinds of forms . why do you think they haven't contacted us yet ? ( exclude all conspiracy theories ) maybe they're not advanced ... i play online games .  ... yeah , i forgot what else i was going to say , so i'm just going to awkwardly leave this here . parents divorced when i was pretty young . i was physically abused by my step-mother for a year or two when i was really small , but then my biological father divorced her and married a third time . he ... i brush my teeth and take a shower every day . and i hate smelling badly so i wear a lot of lotion and use a lot of shower gel . as for eating ... well , i forget to do that a lot . for exercising , i ... your aspie score : 101 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 120 of 200 you seem to have both aspie and neurotypical traits ... looks like most of us intps have been getting a score like ... striver / achiever ... strivers are trendy and fun loving . as soon as i saw that word i knew this test wasn't going to get me right . > > ; i believed in god until i was 12 . before that , i went willingly . now , even though my parents know i'm an atheist , and i have argued with them for hours on end , they still force me to go . i usually ... used 13 times : damn used 12 times : work used 9 times : account used 9 times : fucking used 9 times : why used 8 times : something used 8 times : though used 8 times : time used 7 times : should ... i'm still a freshman , so this is just what's happened so far . what were you in high school ? nerd , jock , gamer , computer geek , prep , ghetto or others ? everyone describes me as either the jock nerd ... overly emotional people . i mean , really , you don't have to break down crying whenever someone says one bad thing about you . and no , best friend , i don't appreciate you squeezing the life out of me ... a little too early if you ask me . then again , this is coming from the person who spends christmas eve / early christmas morning shopping . > > ; people do that to me too ... only they do it whenever i cuss because they think i sound like a movie character . which apparently equals cuteness . . __ . i'd choose a partner over a child . children just take so much time and energy to raise . i would make such a terrible parent . > > ; yup . i've created this whole other universe where i've done all kinds of awesome things . too bad i never actually do anything awesome . : mellow : i love to write . with fiction , i love creating new worlds and making all the rules and creating characters just the way i like them . with non-fiction ... i'm good at it , but it's not nearly as much ... concerts , museums , flea markets , movies , or just staying at home talking . ... i don't know if any other intps are like this but i adore amusement parks . so maybe that ? what a fucking dipshit . no wonder she doesn't like you , you're condescending , close minded , and superficial . if i were your friend i would've dumped you in a heart beat . you either need ... me , lacking confidence and being submissive ? lol that bullshit author wishes . my dog . i'd be way sadder if my dog died than if some random person ( who was probably an asshole anyways ) who i'd never met died . and even if they weren't an asshole and owned an orphanage or ... i usually respond with pretty good . and then they say that's good ! and continue on with what they were doing . but afterwards it just feels awkward . milk , toffees , and my frosted wheat flakes . touch them and you will regret it . they are my life blood . i mostly get a's in nearly all subjects except for mathematics , and the occasional class i take that's so unbelievably boring i just want to break a window or set something on fire just for the sake ... my room's a cluttered mess . clothes , papers , nerf guns , nerf gun darts , cool gadget things , and books are sprawled throughout the whole place . my bed is never made and nothing is ever in its ... yup , i certainly exist . ;D and i abuse the hell out of smileys so beware . : i definitely . i just feel like i want to do so much but i'm not quite sure i can do it the time allowed . xd my parents divorced when i was around 2 . according to all my relatives , it was a really messy because my father was cheating on my mom . father stayed around until i was 8 , and i haven't seen him in ... i've always been called weird . i don't mind it , it just means that i'm different and obviously more awesome . c : russian genetics psychic stuff micro nations hurrah . :D i write . and draw . for hours upon hours . '