' my approach : be fearless in availing yourself to the world . never apologize for being who you are and never shy away from an opportunity to grow . people might be more willing to see your essence if ... pottermore put me in gryffindor ! when i gaze upon crumbled ruins and abandoned buildings , my imagination goes crazy . i try to imagine what these places looked like before , what it was like when these structures first went up . but ... i don't think you need to be all smiley-smiley , but just ask students about themselves and see how they're doing . i've worked with troubled youth in the past , and i found it best to simply talk to ... 1 . what was your biggest worry one year ago and how do you feel about it now ? i didn't know if i was a good person ... still not sure haha . 2 . what must you do daily to keep yourself sane ? listen ... i think that individual thought process changes , not necessarily the objects and people around us . i don't think that i am ; it's not from a lack of trying though lol . i tormented myself in my younger years because i had this picture of how i wanted to be and i could never quite measure up . i ... i don't tell people what to do specifically most of the time . when i see someone complaining about their situation without taking the steps to change it , i try to be understanding initially because ... if you trust what it is that you stand for , then go with your instincts to act . the worse feeling for me is the regret that comes with not acting . mistakes are inevitable , but also one of the best ... i try to take those images in my head of things should be and transform them into a possibility ; the way things could be from one humble person's perspective . even though i may study certain ... slowly eroding ! wait , i thought it was ... a woman randomly told me that i was very cute . it seems like a superficial / generic compliment , but it meant a lot because people usually say that i seem like a tough guy for some reason . there used to be this bully back in grade school that always gave me a rough time . i tried to take the high road at first , but one day i just lost my cool and i instigated a fight with him . ... i am often disgusted at the way many people out in the general public treat others . many people i interact with are so quick to condemn others without questioning the circumstances that drive people ... i appreciate those sentiments , but you are being too kind ; it's simply not true . thank you though . aww , i feel bad now : sad : . conversation i had with a friend : friend : why are you so shy ? me : i'm not ... ? friend : you never party with us and stuff ! me : you know that feeling you get when you're in a library or ... can you do the eyebrow raise thingy , veggie ? ! i think i know of a similar feeling ... : sad : for what it's worth , i think that the fragrance of poop , cheese , and onions has a certain charm to it . i'm bitter towards people who grew up with extreme privilege and believe that they are special . no , you're not special . shut up . the way i see it , we're all wrong in some aspect of life . i don't mind others using quotes and the like , but i do mind when they hold those words to such a level that is said to be beyond what ... look at this experience as a teaching tool for yourself . you have a better idea now of what you're looking for in a relationship . you now know what it feels like to share that deep connection with ... i'm still quite unremarkable as a human being , but that is also why i succeed . i don't have any material possession or trinket , but i think it is a pretty cool concept ! i suppose i can say that i wear my literal and figurative scars . i don't don them with pride , but i do not ... i've always felt quite sad about things , but externally what people see is a guy who has few cares and is always cracking jokes . sometimes the mask comes off and that's when people think something ... for me the key is to face those thoughts and deal with them accordingly . it doesn't have to be right at that moment , but i tell myself that i can either address these things right now or at a later ... same here , i was starting to feel left out ! : tongue : i can't say i identify with too may on here , but that's fine with me because it keeps things interesting . also , it sometimes feels like i get ignored on here ; i know it's not intentional and that ... i think my greatest asset is that i live for a cause and i have never once backed down from those beliefs i hold . although i tend to be on the quiet side , people seem to gravitate towards me because ... i turn into a grump when i'm sleepy haha . i think some of that might be apparent if one were to look through my post history . i feel like this past year had like ten chapters to it lol . here's to a good year ! sometimes it's hard to keep going when nobody loves you . : sad : i love that feeling when a song from way back comes on the radio ( haha yes i still listen to the radio sometimes ! ) and memories come flooding back . just general question for discussion : do you think that people tend to get more upset by the words or the ideologies and principles laying beneath it ? for example , i've done a lot of work in ... i have no home , and these thoughts weigh down on me as well . i've found it useful to determine whether finding that perfect connection is the key to your ability to feel content and happy in life . ... i have no problem with using ' they ' as described in the conversation . the thing that stuck out to me the most is how much variation there really is in terms of sensitivity to issues . for those of ... to me , a mind is opened when there is a willingness to explore that which resides outside the structure of our own experiences . we can't experience every kind of scenario life has to offer , nor do i ... sometimes i get really sad because i had no childhood ... due to certain circumstances . i think we all do this to an extent . for instance , a child might carefully think about when to make a confession to her parent ( such as in a certain time and place ) to minimize her punishment . this ... i think that sometimes people get too caught up in what the real you is . if you don't like what you see in the mirror , then it becomes too easy to shrug it off and say well that's not who i ... i don't really prioritize the way in which i deal with emotions , as i like to roll with the punches . but i do find more value in emotions that i can tie and relate to larger issues i care about . i ... quite a few of the infjs i've met in life struggle to find the right words they want to use , which is something i share as well . however , i also have had a problem on top of that with physically ... hahaha yes , exactly ! it may seem extreme to some , but i've always been that way . makes me wonder what i'd be doing had i grown up in a different time lol . i get told this a lot too , and i reply with something like well , it's better than being your goofy-looking ass all smiley and shit all the time ! when those people smile , it doesn't even mean ... i'm a better person than all of the other people in my life . i validate myself . i'm great , even if not humble . i think you give yourself worth . other people can believe whatever they want , and that's good for getting social clout , but if you don't believe in it , then is that really worth something to you ? i ... i don't want to have children because i wouldn't be a good parent . my home life was messed up growing up , so i don't even know what to do in that role . i wish other people were more honest with ... man , i'm dealing with this too . i especially hate it when there's that tough guy that tries to threaten me . i'm like fuck you , if you want to scare me into doing something , you're going to have to ... syzygi actually i think it is important to examine why you do these things in order to find a way to get out of it . you don't have to share it here , and i may be wrong , but that is how i managed to ... '