' i am a physics undergrad with a computation emphasis , so i am / will learning a bit of scientific programming . right now i know c + + , and i like it . i also know a bit of perl , and a bit of python , and i ... i barely studied at all for the act and i got a 32 . i didn't take the sat . i like a game called telephone pictionary . you just need n ^ 2 scraps of paper where n is the number of players , plus a pen / pencil for each player . the scraps are split up into n even piles , with one ... currently questioning my gender but attracted exclusively to women ( so far as i know ) so i put other . hetrosexual and homosexual don't really work when you don't really identify with being a man or ... the demon-haunted world : science as a candle in the dark gender outlaw watchmen saga of the swamp thing ( the stuff written by alan moore , at least ) the hobbit jurassic park being inspired by an earlier post , i thought i would ask , for symmetry , what is masculinity ? - thanks to ista for the original what is femininity ? thread ! 90383 i just took the intro to c + + course at my college ( taking the final tonight ! ) , and have done very well . before that , i had no idea how programming even worked , but now i think i am pretty good with ... i cried so much when i finished the book the fault in our stars by john green , it was so great , but so sad ! edit - i just remembered , i was quite upset when hawkman died in blackest night ! lately i have been listening to boards of canada , particularly their geogaddi album . it is great , because there are tons of neat backmasked and distorted vocal samples , references to math , and ...  i know this stuff is a bit before my time , but i love it ! it ... i would like to know bit more about intps and gender so , as the title suggests , what do you think about gender ? do you spend much time thinking about it ? how do you identify ? thanks ! lately i have liked sea slugs , for their fantastic colors and shapes ! ...  i think most of these are on youtube , and they are pretty fun ! when my little sister would get me upset , i would leave the situation , and go chill in the park , reading and listening to relaxing music . i just stayed there until i felt better . i am not sure how ... i am definitely more unconventional , but fortunately , so is my partner ! ;) i don't play many computer games , but in d & d i liked playing as a cleric . healing the other caracters was fun , because it wa a role that was needed , and one that i could fill well ! :) i know a ton of random facts about the general science , especially astronomy . i am beginning to learn actual physics now , and like pessimisterious said , i am already beyond what average people ... i do a bit of drawing every now and then , and ocasionally i will mix a few songs . sometime last year i converted from christian to agnostic , then from agnostic to atheist / secular humanist . i decided that no part of my life should be exempt from sceptical inquiry , and my old ... i watched a few great movies in a film and lit class in highschool . the best of these were : - american beauty - vertigo - the triplets of bellvile other favorites of mind include : - ghost in the ... i love science , which is why i am studying astrophysics ! philosophy is neat too , but in general , science excites me more . “ reason is a whore , the greatest enemy that faith has ; it never comes to the aid of spiritual things , but more frequently than not struggles against the divine word , treating with contempt all that ... i think our universe is too chaotic to argue that the positions of the stars are connected to the conditions of my development . if our galaxy had formed in some other way , such that the stars were in ...   nobody puts it like sagan ! ;) i think astrology is silly ! why would the relative positions of the sun , moon , stars and planets , all objects enormously ... yup , been thinking about this a lot lately . fortunately my gf is not attracted to the super masculine type ! 54345 i like the art of robert mccall ! pp_video 5180351804 these are the cars that i want ! index = 93 & feature =p lpp_video this song does it for me ! i hear goldie was working on a classical version of his album ... i got 96 percentile . i must say i am pleasantly surprised ! i laugh every time ! i have an interest in wwii aviation , and the seiran submarine based bomber is a cool part of that history ! i just got a picture that i thought was cool and used it ! i am an intp , and i am a christian . i am reluctant to say i am a member of a particular denomination , but i currently attend an episcopalian church . though i believe the bible to be literal in most ... pp_video ... i had a bit of trouble with my calc class , and i think it drove me absolutely insane for a few days . i just felt awful , like other people couldn't understand how challenging an awful test score could ... lawful good - a lawful good character acts as a good person is expected or required to act . he combines a commitment to oppose evil with the discipline to fight relentlessly . he tells the truth , keeps ...   ... if you're going to build a time machine , why not build it with style ! i think plants and flowers are cool ! i would like to someday have greenhouse for some crazy plants . as for flowers in vases , i don't know , i would prefer to get a plant i could put in a pot or ... my main interests have been , space travel , flight , and 20th century military history . lately , however , i have found botany , entomology , astronomy , paleontology , and meteorology absolutely ... enjoyable characters , great animation , and good humor are what i enjoy about the show . also , the ponies go crazy all the time . ... mlp : fim is for sure in my top 5 list of favorite tv shows . my favorite character is either fluttershy or rainbow dash ... i don't do drugs or drink , but i enjoy dubstep ! the good stuff , in my opinion , is stuff like this with more reggae influences : ... perhaps i should swap the word good for un-selfish ? un-selfishness would be ( i think ) admirable goals or ideals for a party , but i don't even know how ( or even if ) this could work with the ... sci-fi is fun . i also read large books about aerospace or military history . h . p . lovecraft has been great fun to read , and i enjoy c . s . lewis's writing . never will i willingly read a romance fiction ... true statement . i suppose the parties need to have good goals , but who is going to make that happen ? i guess this is where the detached apathy comes in . oh well . students / graduates : what field of engineering ? i am about to enter college for ( probably ) aerospace engineering why did you go into it ? i have always been fascinated by air and space travel ... '