' i think that came out wrong . i'd like her to like hearing from me as the outcome , in sense that if she didn't want to hear from me then i wouldn't want to message her . although that's not something i ... have you ever ghosted , the act of disappering on your friends without notice , a friend for a long period of time ? did you ever reach out to that person again ? what happened ? i was on here about a ... i have thought about professional help but something about it doesn't interest me . i also don't know how to get in with someone or if that person will be good . it's a bit daunting . i am aware of ... * double post * i was asked what i consider a good friend so that is what i think of as a good friend to me . i know what others consider a good friend is going to be different . you could ask my closest friends and i ... oh , i never thought of forgiveness as moving on , at least in this situation , since there isn't anything to forgive . i am a bit upset right now but it's not her fault , and i'm not holding it against ... sorry intherockies i made an important edit to my post . your advice still stands and i appreciate it very much but i already answered some of your questions . i don't have something to say right now ... yes , i've said similar things but i like the way you put it . that's hard to put into words as it is complex . right now i can't think of anything more than a list of traits . for myself a true ... i know i have to let it go and at this point i could just drop the friendship , never talk to her again , just because i am upset . that does not seem like a healthy , or proper way to let go . i also ... well i have talked about the situation before and i know some people remember and think i should let it go . it's a situation of unrequited feelings and and that she is now dating someone else . i've ... how can you be forgiving and supportive of a friend who , not intentionally , did things that hurt you and then made life choices you don't agree with ? i ' have never been upset like this before and ... the first time i asked is when she said we are friends and that she didn't want a relationship because of school . that was quiet a while ago , about two years . this last time was at christmas and she ... anyone able to give some advice on whether or not i should communicate a certain topic with someone ? i usually am open and communicate but right now i just do not know what to do . i have a very ... up until this last christmas when i brought up what i thought about her that may have been the case . although i think she was way more unsure than i was . even some things she said christmas have me ... other than moves have you actually told her ? in your post i didn't see much , if any mention , that you actually told her that you like her . open and honest communication is usually the best , ... interesting of you to ask since recently , as in a few weeks ago before this whole conversation here , i did catch myself getting upset at here for no good reason . i wouldn't necessarily call the ... sorry , i had kind of been assuming most of the advice here was leading toward ending the friendship . although i am not sure why i assumed that , it's just the advice i see around so much for others in ... you are right again , i barely have a plan a when it comes to the social and emotional aspects of life . the social aspects of life are not usually high on my list of importance . this is an extremely ... i am sure it is possible to be a combination of both . i find myself to be calm , emotionally stable , not caring too much about what other think of me , yet i can still be very perfectionist and ... not necessarily any specific type but any people who are reclusive with their emotions or are able to change their emotions , thoughts , and opinions , so easily . i don't know enough about the types ... i think most people on this site are similar in that respect . why else would someone come here ? sure there are fun enjoyable aspects to this site but a lot of the site seems to be about figuring out ... i agree , i do seem a bit obsessive . that is the hardest thing to change because when i care about someone or thing a lot then my brain thinks about , and analyzes , the situation a lot . i have to ... hmm , i've done all those things before but never once expected anything in return . i do things , such as helping , or giving people gifts , because i truly want to and not because i've expected ... no need to apologize , i actually appreciated the questions but i will say they were not easy . you are very right , it doesn't do me , or even her , any good for me to worry about her , our friendship , or ... the only thing is , and i say this without any clarification from her so i may be wrong , i thought at one point she was interested . i know she doesn't now but i never did find out about the past . i've ... sometimes i'm quiet afraid to do certain things when it comes to people i am interested in . i don't know how to full explain but i worry about my intentions . that i am not doing things just because i ... what is orbiting ? also since i don't see myself as judging her would you care to explain ? sorry , doesn't mean it's not true but if it is true i would like to see it . it may seem like i am holding her to past patterns but i'm not trying to . i'm not going to ever confront her about these things . my posting here is more of a way to entertain my thoughts and ... cake ! cause it has always existed and is always getting eaten . have you ever been eaten ? also isn't this the ask an intj thread not ask an infj thread ? : tongue : if i am the cake , and the cake is a lie , then i am of no help in giving directions to this potion . especially since you did not sign the waver . sorry . although why would you want a potion to live ... i'm being sincere when i say , with these most recent questions , gaining information is my only agenda . yes i have asked here before about this but last time i was trying to figure out if there is ... sorry if it seems like i am hiding an agenda . i'm not trying to hide anything . my only agenda was to gather more info on my thoughts , get opinions from others . the beard conversation wasn't that ... i'm not entirely sure why but something about that first paragraph is funny . she may dislike his beard although i mentioned previously she said it simply looked ok on him and by the end of that ... * woops , duplicate post * i'm an nf and i'm hooked on programming . what does that mean for me ? i'm also a graphic / web designer so ... you've suddenly got a chance to ask one person , or fictional character , from any time period a question . do you know what you would ask and who ? if so , what and who ? swede and wellsy i had no idea there was a research and study behind this idea and similar others . i'm not surprised as there's usually research on most ideas and topics . still very cool to ... that is something i understand , still liking someone even if a negative trait is noticed . one question though , when / if you notice those things does it change your opinion on where a relationship ... first , did you sign the waiver ? hmm , either we really don't agree or are talking about two different ideas , i think the latter . i'm just having trouble linking assumptions to physical traits , at least from the example i gave . i can ... so i've got an interesting question , or at least by my bias i do . after having a good conversation with an intj friend of mine she said some things that got me thinking about intjs in relationships ... hmm , i didn't think of it like that . i guess so because even so she was aware she may forget on sunday and had told me that i should remind her . she wouldn't have said that if she was bothered by my ... ah , i see . luckily there has been no sign that she has . plus she's asked in the past why haven't i just called when , i haven't heard back from texts , and we had plans . how so do you mean , would you mind explaining a bit more ? one thing i wonder is if we have contradictory thoughts on what an important friendship is , or at least what actions should be taken to ... understandable . i would have only said it because i want to find out but i can see how it would come off as manipulating and needy . is there a way to ask that wouldn't come off in that way ? well ... not to undermine but that would be an unexpected reaction . only because i have never gotten that reaction from anyone before . may i ask why that would be your reaction ? i wasn't think about ... i got her answering machine . mentioned i hadn't heard from her , asked if everything was alright and said to give me a call something . i wonder now if i should have asked about her maybe avoiding the ... yes this has been extremely difficult to decide . our friendship has been through some serious stuff recently and i have not been so direct ; i've held back . to finally be able to talk but at the same ... i edited my post and added context while you posted . sorry , i tend to edit and add after posting . intj forgetting to contact someone when they said they would earlier in the day ? or forgetting to contact someone in general ? maybe avoiding conversation ? i was supposed to have a more serious ... '