' i didn't quite enjoy steins gate as much as i thought i would . attack on titan ( aka shingeki no kyojin , or abbreviated as snk ) is superb , you need to go watch it . its animation is especially ... trust me you do not want to get insane like nietzsche . i know what you mean , i've been there , done that . i haven't lost my sanity , thank goodness , but i've been scarily close to the edge . some ... for god's sake , istjs . they piss me off so bad . / endpost fisher king , at first , but with the added three options , i'd go for healer for sure . on a scale from 1-10 how : 1 . happy are you ? 5 2 . socially skilled are you ? 1 3 . lazy are you ? 8 4 . emotional are you ? 6 well this is weird . this thread was from over a year ago . they all seem like intp to me . but i would never know , since i'm socially unaware most of the time and so i wouldn't know what an intj would be even though i know what an intj is and its functions . your tritype is 5w6 , 9w1 , 2w1 . 28 on the schizoid test . extra why is everyone completing the same sentence ? meh , boring . the chicken crossed the road because ... ( he saw a pretty unicorn . ) apart for the fact that you've never really played monopoly in your whole life before , i must applaud you . * applause * genius . you must be intj . cake is a lie . meat . yes , meat . imma feed you meat . being a very laid-back personality , i certainly offer an alternative to the hectic lifestyle everyone seems to be living . work , shit , sleep . screw that . also , when my ne is turned on i can get ... thanks for this thread . i need to vent so badly . i hate how i procrastinate so much , it doesnt even seem like procrastination sometimes , more like complete ( by complete , i mean complete ) lack of ... well , so i'm a strategic responder ... but what else does it say ? some intps are invisible ( the more introverted ones ) , some just blend in with other types ( the ones higher on extraversion ) . i have myself fortunately encountered 3 intps in my school so far , 2 ... i'm feeling that just right now . glad to know i'm not the only one suffering from all that socializing . the worst thing is that i'm not even good at it , yet i'm bogged down by it ... anyway , thanks ... im starting to think im infj too . that personality description relates with me too much . on the other hand i can't let go of my intpness , because i still possess many intp traits . i also disagree ... hah ! you sound like me , dammit . i can almost totally relate . being just another young fellow intp , i say follow your heart . trust me , cliches work . just do what you want to do; and even if you do ... quote from typelogic's intp profile : ... an intp arguing a point may very well be trying to convince himself as much as his opposition ... infj possibly ? intp is very much probable as well . some of us have been able to develop our inferior functions quite well . thedoctorlies ; i wanted to ' thank ' you but you're having a perfect 1 ratio now , so i ain't gonna spoil it for ya . as for myself ... i'm just a pathetic loser with a less than one t :P ratio . are you guys kidding me ? food is easily the best pleasure here on earth . i dont enjoy cooking though , and i can be quite picky . but food ftw . oh duck , a fellow genius ! but you're female and that makes you even more awesome . i apologize for going against the flow of the thread . ( we can all see from this thread that people like to be criticized . but anyway . ) enfp , how's that meme any kind of criticism at all ? weak . to a more general enfp audience : your extraverted ... i'm bored , because school hasn't started for me . what do you do when you're bored ? and i mean srsly , what do you do when you're bored ? ( note the emphasis . not what you think of doing but actually ... tom sawyer ( just finished ) , einstein's biography , jung , ethics , one dictionary of scientific quotes ( i love this shit ! but of course , no plans to finish it from cover to cover . ) , macchiavelli's the ... silver , gold is just too bright and just takes all the limelight . ended up with intj ( as usual . but i still believe i'm just a motivated intp ) , but with j and p on 50/50 . so intp for me . the unabomber ? seems to be true . but seriously , its more like there are ... i'm a strong introvert without any friends ( only acquaintances but barely any contact / meetups ) , but i'm aiming to change that in the coming months . i think an intp's social life fluctuates . i ... all which has been posted thus far essentially sums up all the things and traits i crave for . nuff said . all intps want the same things ! i've been told i seem like a 40 + year old man ( this is from someone who saw me reading a physics book on nothingness and vacuum ) . i don't know if that's something to be proud of , but i'm quite much ... completely . schizoid personality disorder is also possibly connected to intpness . lol . right now i'm still deciding if i should go for an event tomorrow . i was supposed to go with a friend ( acquaintance , really , but better than nothing ) but something cropped up for him and now i'm ... on the topic of social relationships , does anybody feel a constant need to follow / depend on someone in crowded social settings ? for example , when you attend a party , you can't go yourself and need ... i feel the same way . i guess its something all of us here go through . i have never had real , true friends before . and now its worse than before , since i am over my exams and into my holidays ( which ... contrary to popular belief , i think intps are generally not good with maths . it can get hardcore , repetitive and boring sometimes , which an intp hates . but we definitely kick ass with the abstract ... i wasn't implying that the internet is bad . well , who would , lol . it was just a little theory i came up with in the morning thinking about how our brains process information . seems like i may ... care for a little debate or discussion ? i think the internet might be corrupting and rewiring our minds the wrong way . nope , this isn't a whole new topic , has always been controversial and people ... i also think i started life as an infp , but grew into an intp . its possible , why not . but for fi to transform into ti is mysterious . same t . t nope , not into wine , i'm not even legal for alcohol , haha . but i like wine . i savour the times i get to drink , which are rare . but as a career into tasting wine , probably not . i don't know many ... i do . i'm the kind who blames myself for everything that happens , though its getting better now as i realise that kind of paranoia is irrational . i think this whole topic has a lot to do with a ... i fear being looked upon as a bad person . extremely . because of that i've been trying my best to become that super-innocent , non-aggressive guy that no one dislikes , since young . i don't recall , but ... esfj parents would suck , but as friends they can be quite nurturing . surprisingly , my dad is an istj and my mum a suspected i / esfp . haven't tested the both of them but through their behaviour and words i think that way . i'm an intp and my brother is somewhat ... i can relate to that . i do that disassociation thing when i experience strong , but irrational emotions . and yes , i think about my emotions also . i process the emotions in my head and decide if its ... i think intps are more likely to have divergent thinking due to our ne function . convergent thinking sounds like se / ti . i possess divergent thinking more than convergent , but in certain situations ... intp ? it involves a lot of analysis and just suits the passive personality of an intp . '