' i cut off ties with my dysfunctional family in 2001 and moved to the city alone ( actually , i had moved out 2 years earlier ) . my family was in the country and i'm a city person , so ... there are often ... i've never really socialized in an office environment and always kept to myself , eating at my desk or outside , etc . i never know what to say to these people if i don't need to deal with them for ... there was a recent thread about isfp career paths , which didn't get tons of replies , so i'm starting another career topic here . as i've mentioned several times before , i've spent my life trying to ... i don't like debates per se because i'm rarely strong-minded about any topic . in fact , i tend to have a fairly balanced view about everything ( so to me , there is no right and wrong opinion ) and the ... reading an article on the 11 habits of happy people , i came across this one : do you ever think of yourself in this way , and how does it come about ? i've had several jobs , but my major ones were real estate secretary , data entry clerk , technical translator and closed captioning editor . none of them really appeal to me at the moment and i quit my ... i have the urge to explore new territory all the time , even in my own city ( usually by bus or by bike ) . i quit my job nearly a month ago and that was sort of running away . not in a hurry to find ... i bike up a small mountain in a city park , enjoy the view up on top and then appreciate the reward of riding back down . i don't take the mbti too seriously . but like horoscopes and birth charts , it's fun to think about . some people seem ot be clearly defined by their type while others ( such as myself ) are more ... my hand doesn't have a type . : tongue : and the only boyfriend i had way back then , gee , i don't remember . maybe esfj or esfp . i don't go out looking for people , but i guess that in theory , i ... agreed , it comes naturally , even to someone who's never heard about the mbti or introverted feeling . so if you need to ask ... neutral good . 38.9 % good , 10.3 % lawful . seems cool . are they your friends ? i know your question wasn't directed at me but i tend to be borderline on both also , with a bit of infp at times . the istp's dominant function is introverted thinking , and the isfp's is introverted ... as i said in an earlier post , i did 7 years worth of classical piano in high school , and i totally hated doing performances . i even had performance anxiety when i was alone with my teacher ( i'd learn ... i quit my job two weeks ago and i'm not sure what i want to do next ( ideally , i'd be my own boss and make something tangible , perhaps personalized , that enough people would want to buy ) . but i ended ... ooh , you'll wait a long time for me . i don't own a smartphone ( never had an ordinary cell phone either ) and have not yet found the need to have one . enslavement is not my thing . don't you miss ... i'm not in the field of psychology but i did take a few classes back in the day . i decided not to pursue it because i found it too science-focussed , with having to apply the scientific method and ... another cat person here . i haven't had any in over a decade though because they'd be rather unhappy where i live at the moment . and not all dogs are useful - the small ones are just noisy . i agree with this , no matter what age . i'm 43 and never tried to get drunk on purpose . so it still feels pretty nice after just one glass or two . i did the equivalent of 7 years of classical piano during high school ( that's 5 years where i live ) . i've kept my favorite songs and still play occasionally . i prefer to play with other people though ... sun in libra , moon in virgo . sounds pretty much like me . as an isfp-leaning ixxx , this quote makes me feel all fuzzy inside . from my experience on a forum specificially devoted to intjs , i know that you guys most often go for enfps and tend to dismiss ... i've always hated shopping for clothes and never really know what to wear . i became a nudist 15 years ago and i tend to not wear anything when it's warm enough inside . i'm now experimenting with ... i don't like talking much and prefer my relationships to be activity-based , especially if there's a shared goal attached and it isn't just about passing / killing time . the talking complements the ... so these relationships were more or less random . anybody can start talking with anybody and go out with them , but what will cement the relationship if the only thing they seemingly have in common ... yes , people end up confusing human relationships with consumer items that can be both easily acquired and disposed of . i've had a self-help blog ( about simple living , actually ) and i've also written articles for a few specialized member-driven magazines and newsletters . i don't write ( nor read ) fiction . i stick to ... due to some unresolved issues ( i'm getting help for ) , i don't get into relationships . but if i were open to it , i think it would most likely happen by chance , and perhaps after some time being just ... yeah , well , what's fun about isfps is that you can end up in the i'm-getting-old-but-still-don't-know-what-to-do boat eventually . here's a list of the jobs i've had so far at 43 , in chronological ... wow , fourtines ' post surprisingly sounds like me ! and yet i'm a 4w5 ( and i forget the others . ) same here minus the shopping , daydreaming and reading fiction . i can also add reading and ... if , like me , you're actually an ixxx , then anything can happen , depending on your mood , outlook and life circumstances when you do the test . i'm sticking to isfp because the description seems to be ... whatever place that you enjoy going to for its own sake . wouldn't you want to meet someone who shares your interests ? funny , i made a list about this around a month ago . at the time , i mentioned my thriftiness , common sense , street smarts , good physical health and life regimen ( i never even catch colds or anything ... zailla , where did you read this bit about isfps being religious ? since isfps ' dominant function is fi , i think they rely mostly on their own internal value system rather than an organized value ... i'm a fatherless only child and my mother didn't get involved with anyone else after her affair with a married guy . growing up , my family consisted of my maternal grandparents , 2 uncles , 2 aunts and ... thank you for your reply . i think dentistry or any job involving the investigation of another person's mouth ( or other orifices ) would be quite challenging for me . i mean , i wouldn't like to get all ... turned 43 about an hour ago and i still don't know what i want to be when i grow up ! during the past 7 years i've been working as a closed captioning editor ( basically transcribing and editing ... another 4w5 here . i'm pretty much in the middle too : not girly and not butch either . i grew up as a tomboy , climbing trees and playground accessories rather than dressing up dolls and playing house . i keep my hair ... yeah , gotta make sure you don't come off as indifferent / apathic either . i tend to go with i'm open to anything or sounds good to me . sure , but if they're good / healthy habits , why not ? and they're not carved in stone either . i'm even undecided about my indecisiveness ! :-p i've been in 7 post-secondary programs , completed two of them but i'm not working in any of those fields at the moment ( english --> french ... how ironic that we pay people in the helping profession to listen to us nonjudgementally while friends help us for free when all we want is for them to listen . and let's not forget the traps , archery gear , spears , axes and knives . :-) yeah , ' good ' weird is respectful of self and others , while ' bad ' weird feels threatening in one way or another . and i thought this was an intj thing . i'm not good with teamwork unless my own survival depends on it , so count me amongst the popcorn munchers ... ah yes ... i write my stuff on recycled paper and then review it once in while , throwing away whatever's become irrelevent . now i live alone , but when i used to live with my mother ( who always ... writing your feelings down to understand them better and help get them out is another option . at least the piece of paper doesn't think , wtf ? i've been doing this for more than 20 years and it has ... i'm in the same boat . i don't talk about my problems because i know other people wouldn't understand and would probably be clueless about what to say or do , and then they would start feeling bad too ... '