' how ' bout shahada then ? gay necrophilia ? how ' bout no my stance though : legalize it completely without any restrictions ; for medical use , for recreational use , and as a commodity in the free market . it should be considered equal to if not less ... hue hue jesus christ my head hurts this looks pretty good though ( food ) kinda weird to type something ambiguous just to include the context afterwards in ( these ) instead of just including it in the ... i like trump inb 4 more leftists are nominated just to say that socialism is authoritarian and evil and that nobody who follows that psychopathic ideology is deserving of anything even remotely resembling love . ... ( checks location ) ( it says hell ) ( ( implying that weed is legal in hell ) ) ( weed is legal in north korea ) ... how about something like this : ... nope  maybe also , book antiqua size 3 works pretty well , i've just noticed , particularly for short posts . i love polls - and i imagine most ntps do ( with intps being more likely to do them based on their general activity ) . it's only annoying when polls that should be multiple choice aren't :/ also , ... busy fucking everything that moves futaba anzu i finally bothered to find the actual character . ( ( artistic screeching intensifies ) ) are you sexually dracula or frankenstein ? that's the abbreviation for special snowflakes to be fair , cutting through crap is easy when you spew it . commies sure love force lmao you ought to think about the things you learned yourself . learning is pointless without thought . not gonna lie , i sorta expected that kind of answer . the oldest he could possibly be is 37 , given that generation y is considered to start at 1980 , which i'm assuming is what perc considers as ... changes * added outta compton to straight * added curled to bent * removed fuckin ' gay * replaced with faggot * renamed boneless to b o n e l e s s * added i eat private property * renamed bionic ... lmao - three people apparently have artism nope , i'm 20 . edit : i was making fun of the gender is a social construct thing . ( here's some random lower case text to prevent it from automatically removing all of the caps ) nahh man i ain't english akkadian sorry to disappoint you if you're a satanist but no i'm don't enjoy receiving pain . bionic * age is a social construct that is genuinely a great idea . depends - what day and month ( year is irrelevant ) were you born ? i legit thought you were the same person as until you changed the picture . who says my house isn't up here ? * upgraded to include multiple choice feature watch out - nazis might read crony jew also , shahada has no crown jewels . i agree 100 % nahh fuck this shit i'm doing it again this being spam world , i'm obliged to give zero fucks bonus fact : those who give zero fucks keep their virginity ( unless it's already lost ; what is lost ... forgot multiple choice but eh not like people these days give a shit about freedom of choice anyway amirite ... more like 500 also i said i'm high as fuck , not high as rape xd england is my city don't be so critty ask me something litty the stuff of the gods - for its own sake debit card number : 3141592653 589793 code : geass name : less i'm honestly not sure . most likely , i suppose . also where's the fucken ' dare ? ... anyway , / truth / if you suddenly died and came back without any lasting damage , and a stranger appeared to ... ( ( anything ) ) ftfy ( i hate this damn anti-caps shit - i had to redo this and insert this message expressing my hatred for the anti-caps shit so that i have enough lower case letters for the anti caps not to ... i become extroverted not sure - probably . liberty wins ! ! ! a balance has finally been restored . after the tragic executions of libertyprime and cheveyo , a fraction of the totalitarian ... then how the hell do certain individuals get away with totalitarian propaganda on a daily basis ? nahh man , i'm not into strawmen . yes . '