' scrambled eggs with tomatoes and onions on challah when life feels empty and meaningless without someone or something to obsess over . it's so cold my nipples hurt . :( i use perc to document the range of dumb things i do in my love and / or sex life because writing them down for just myself feels inadequate and posting them on any of the other forums i visit feels ... whaaa ? color me confused and explain it to me like we're both drinking sparkling wine cocktails right now haha . fuuuck i really want to talk to my ex . i miss having someone who would let me sort out my feelings with them . i know this is true and i also know i have a lot to offer but a . ) i offer it with copious amounts of crazy on the side and b . ) i'm vain and insecure . so it's all a little bewildering to me sometimes . i wish i wasn't such a neurotic and insecure piece of shit . actually taking my ads might help if only i could muster up the motivation to do it . i just can't ... i see the bottles on my bedside ... every single guy i've dated seriously has in turn previously been in a longterm relationship with a woman who is far more attractive physically than i am . i know i'm not ugly and i also know that i ... before anyone takes me seriously , please just ignore me . i'm a dumbass but i'm not in any immediate danger ... and i'm genuinely not doing this for attention , just screaming into the void and running ... well , like oscar wilde , i'm also well on my way to being broke , syphilitic and dead so there's always that . :D self-loathing is addictive though ... the things you'll do to feed it are so fantastically perverse . i'm an idiot and hate myself . 4w5 probably fits me best , followed by 9w8 . she's mediating her audience's experience of americana the way people glamorize the east - - mysterious , feminine , submissive , sexual , dangerously dirty . she uses strip clubs , flags and freedom to ... rice pudding . i wish you would talk to me . i wish you wanted to . i'm surprised that one of those crazy intuitives hasn't tried to turn this into a type me questionnaire yet . :P currently working on one chart , so two more spots are open . i don't know if there's a thread for this already but since i'm too lazy to look for it , i figured i'd just start my own . - - - i've recently got into astrology and would like to practice reading ... sun conjunct saturn in sagittarius ( 10th house ) , mars conjunct jupiter in pisces ascendent ( 1st house ) , moon ( opposition sun ) in gemini ( 4th house ) . each piece fits into a larger puzzle amazingly ... intimacy and the opportunity to explode my feelings all over someone , preferably a hot guy , and have them reciprocate . think about whether or not you're prepared to go through life without betraying the tiniest hint of weakness , exhaustion , fear or lack of confidence . because that's what being an excellent sheep at ... i feel weighed down and exhausted with sadness . i wish with all my heart that i could help you learn to love yourself and to find a direction in life that sustains and fulfils you . i know i can't though . so i will continue to love and hope from a ... i don't like going to the doctor when i'm sick because i'm paranoid that they'll find something terribly wrong and it will ruin my life . i'm only okay going to the doctor when i feel all right and ... both my parents are professors . my dad is an intp and for him , academia is life , so i don't think he cares so much about the work-life balance . he relaxes from teaching by doing research and from ... here are a couple of helpful articles on getting a job in a two year college . how the job search differs at community colleges - advice - the chronicle of higher education what ... if you are interested in teaching at a community college from the very get go , you're going to have to do things a little bit differently ( actually , maybe significantly differently ) than the typical ... i want some motherfucking resolution . no more shadow boxing . jesus . it's not so much about whether or not it's a good fit for an isfp as whether or not it's a good fit for you . being an academic is hard . to get a tenure track position in even a small college , you ... can we start it all over again this morning ? i let down my defenses this morning it was just you and me this morning i fought all my guesses this ... i wish i could just erase the last four years of my life . everything from august 2010 has completely and utterly sucked the vitality and sparkle and passion out of me . i'm conventional now . staid ... i think my boyfriend and i are on the verge of breaking up . this november would have been our third year together . i'm hoping that somewhere underneath the pain and the resentment and the fear and ... no , because i get bored ... and depressed about how boring my life is . and when my life is not boring , keeping a journal is pretty much the last thing on my mind . although i did once write a diary ... i look like 15 years older than my boyfriend . especially after he shaved his beard and mustache off . ugh . i feel so ancient . why does he get to look young while i look like a hag ? it's so unfair . :( lana del rey is orientalizing america . in the most beautiful , seductive way . i think it's pretty genius . people were insecure about the orient too . actually , for somewhat similar reasons , i ... so ... i'm not really sure how to describe this ... but it made me really uncomfortable for some reason ... so i'll try . i don't like it when groups of friends hang out and take pictures to put on ... well , gryffindor it is then . if it worked for harry , it should work for you too , right ? right . / sorting hat fairy gryffinclaw . 9s fear the separation from their own selves that happens when they lose someone they love . like having a limb chopped off . also , because 9s typically have a weaker sense of self than 4s ( or most ... i used to be good at describing physical things . i got a real kick out of painting vivid word pictures . but i haven't really done any creative writing in several years now . my descriptive ability , ... fancy schmancy greek username ? philosophical riddle in signature ? you go straight to ravenclaw . i had the most amazing daikon stuffed whole wheat flatbreads today with sweet mango relish . so good . i love food . love cooking it , eating it , sharing it . i'm listening to lana del rey slur her way through ultraviolence and i feel like this right now . it's not that i don't love the people in my life or that i won't cherish and defend them with all ... i wish i knew . : sad : either a 9 or a 4 though , i think . i don't think it's a big deal , unless the person's wall is private or restricted to their friends ' list , in which case i can see why they might be offended . i personally don't care enough about ... one of my classmates from college recently got engaged to a woman from a very conservative family and all his future in laws have promptly friended him on facebook . each time he does things like post ... an honest facebook political argument when did i become the bait taker ? =( favorite type for romantic partners is entj . enfp , intj and estj are also good . i have a particular soft spot for enfp guys , though they're probably the odd ones out in this list . the test gave ... '