' most online intps annoy me very much … : exterminate : online intps annoy me very much … : exterminate : a free online fps called urban terror . kind of like a very fast paced cod . at least you won ’ t have to worry about getting fat right ? eggs , pre-cleaned veggies and a glass of water always works for me ( i add other stuff sometimes , but that ’ s basically the base ) . i live at home ... more or less , although i wouldn't of been as confrontational as you on the last part . do i get impatient ? yes , but i don ’ t stop cause it ’ s too hard , usually the harder it is the stronger my interest . i usually stop when things are too easy ( tedious ) and procrastinate as much as ... why not ask him ask out in a “ friendly matter ” to go see a movie or something simple ( that you both enjoy ) . as an intp male , for better or worse , i never make the first move . :p roud : as a kid i used to see shit when i was alone , now i only hallucinate when i get sleep paralysis . so what you are saying is to do xanax one day and the next give old methy a try ? : carrot : how dare you be healthy , here have some drugs … . i think it ’ s a general phenomenon that most people find a good smile attractive … as a guy i usually check their body first , you dig ? : cool : that makes sense . well if you are a weirdo like me then i guess you have to learn to mimic the people around you . : crazy : socializing and logic don ’ t go well together . when it comes to socializing , at least in my experience , over thinking is the worst thing you can do . i think they ’ re basically saying to you to ... if youx 92re honest in your responses , then you might be an intp but that doesnx 92t mean you are bound to the intp norms , people change . heck for all we know you could change from one personality to ... true buts it ’ s also the first step to improve :p roud : i usually put on a friendly face so as not to be bothered by these remarks . if i see something and i like it , yes i might buy it , but i have no intentions of purposely looking into buying something mbti related . yes it happens a lot when i start overthinking . if it causes such an effect on you why not just ask her ? haha i love playing with other peoples mind boxing for me , generally no i ’ m a perfectionist at a few things a really care about and that ’ s about it holy shit , you might be on to something ! haha yes , overthinking in social situations is not good exercise always makes me feel better ; i wouldn ’ t say the changes in me are mind blowing though why not make a kik group ? seems more practical sounds to me that you feel left out , lonely just ride it out ... if she ’ s not the one it will become painfully obvious eventually ( you stop loving her ) and you would of gain new experience p . s . i didnt really read everything maybe it ’ s the lack of people to identify with ? thus being alone the only reasonable next choice generally speaking it depends on the perspective , if the other isn ’ t open minded , then the fact that we don ’ t function like them makes them think something negative of us … only when necessary or when im drunk depends on your perspective i guess , mine would be when my j takes over my p weed used to be fun , now it just makes me paranoid and lazy ( more so ) yeah same here , starting to get back on track though now a days i only play urban terror , its a free fps game mostly improv . although practicing technique has given me great results sax it depends on “ who ” the person is . i usually incline to logic , but it seems not to be satisfying enough for most people . in which i try to give words of comfort without getting off course of what ’ s ... not at all ... at least not to me i used to like them a lot when i was younger … then i found about classical rock : cool : this is how i feel about drugs = :D classic rock n roll blues and classical music jeans and a plain t shirt ( preferably black ) is what works form me : cool : '