' tell me the stories of how you fell for people in past or current relationships ! how did you figure out those were ones worth keeping around ? very curious to hear the stories on the infj side , ... in need of some insight here ; since i've first taken the mbti test , i've tested as intp multiple times . it wasn't until i started to try and type my friends that i started learning about the way ... in need of some advice ! any cance the wise and knowledgeable people on perc can help me out ? i'm posting on this sticky as i know this question will have been asked before , and don't want to start ... intps , do you feel a disconnect from the people around you often ? if so , why do you think that is , what does it make you feel ? use blanket statements to comfort her . it always works on the f types . perhaps i should have said ' if this person could be compatible and worthy ' instead . since at that time that is still a big part of the questions at hand . anyone also listens to a bit at the start , then fast forwards to about the last half minute ? the changes are a delight to hear , nearly everyone sounds a lot more comfortable at the end , and it makes ... before i realise this i'm normally pretty laid back and in no hurry to get anywhere soon ( except perhaps for getting my hands on as much info about their personality as i can ) . however , when i am ... there are two things i absolutely love doing in this world and i've been lucky enough to have found a way to mainly just do that in my life . i love making things with my hands , the research ... thanks ! it's like receiving a ' get out of jail free ' card , for if i ever give in to the violent impulses ( no but really , i'm glad to hear this annoyance is a little more common than i thought , ... people who chew loudly . swear to god it does my fucking head in and i am not to be held accountable for my actions when someone in my near vicinity is chewing loudly . i don't know about the rest of you , but the questions asked are definitely on a path i have found myself on at times as well . nipnip seems to offer quite the insight on it though , at least one ... e_goldstein i went on a few dates with someone i assume to be a isfj . from what i've gathered they don't offer insight into themselves too freely but are still willing to give in to an intps ... do you ever stop yourself from doing so as to not lose that control ? or is that , also , out of your control ? i can't decide if i've just never really fallen in love as people have described , or if ... shh , ' s all good . i know that as an entj you probably just want to feel like you're right , but let it go man . although i'm not sure in which context they were presented exactly , i do relate to them . i'm a go-getter when it comes to things i have set my mind to do , personal goals if you will . but i'm very ... this has been an extremely helpful thread so far . i went to therapy once as well for a brief three months , and i ended up only feeling weirder about myself . in hindsight i know it wasn't the ... very much agree here as well . once it is time for ye old breakup , i will have spent a whole lotta time pining over this . going over the pros and cons and coming to a conclusion . and when that ... when i just get to know someone , i'll try to figure out as much as i possibly can about them . from there it can go two ways depending on how comfortable i feel around them . i'll initiate contact if i ... < ! - - begin template : dbtech_usertag_mention --> @ <b> < a href = target = _blank > lunagattina </a> </b> < ! - - end template : dbtech_usertag_mention --> i'm ... no word fuzz , to the point , correct use of punctuation . i'd say accurately typed . but finally seeing leaves on trees after you get glasses / lenses is just the best feeling ! i suppose calling it a rebound relationship says enough , no ? being with someone else after a break up can be nice , it can help you take your mind of things and let you see your previous ... interesting question . i couldn't tell you for sure , as i can only speak about my personal experiences . what i can say is that growing up as a female , i have always felt that it was more expected ... ah yes , it's good to be reminded of that every now and again as i know i can be quite blind to that - which is a strange thing because you all just seem to ooze kindness all the time :) ... although megmento is on the right track , a more accurate definition would be introversion - gets their energy from being by themselves extroversion - gets energised by being around others ... so much love for that post ! however , here's what happens to bad sausage ! ;) that's some murky waters you're putting yourself in if you choose to proceed . sexual satisfaction has nothing to do with outer appearances , and him making that point should be nothing else than a ... that i become rather apathetic when i've spent too long a time away from mountains and people . it doesn't matter if the other things i do in life are going brilliant , mountains and solitude are a ... hal no . no it is not a sad thing ! i end up only eating salads because you can throw anything you want to eat in there . little to no cooking , mainly chopping . few dishes , no waiting times for things ... if i don't ask any follow up questions it's safe to say i don't give a damn about anything that comes out of your mouth . plus i don't care much if i'm being rude if you're really not worth my ... i've been trying to get better at understanding my emotions for a while now , and knowing how to call a certain thing helps to give it a place , makes you feel more harmonious . which in turn also lets ... headofhudet sayin ' it true . for me it's about getting out of your head for a while and really feeling the moment . to do that you need to be able to make a connection to someone on mainly a ... it is with me . the reason i do this is not to be blunt , but because i'll probably think that whatever there is to say isn't worth saying , and probably only used as conversation filler . and if it's ... just sticking with the van for now ;) idontthinkso not every question needs background info . i was merely curious about how the entps here respond to hurt and what works on them if someone is trying to get back on their good side . gather ... the first time i read that i laughed so hard i had to keep myself from falling . i live in a van so i suppose i'm keeping up the stereotype . confession : an enfp who for a while was a friend ... i think i hurt the feelings of a entp . something or other about certain understandings we had , which he ended up not 100 % agreeing with , although he said he did . very confusing as he normally doesn't ... as an intp i am baffled and occasionally stand in awe of all you isfjs . i would love to know how you interact with the intps or other nts in your life , as i might be falling for an isfj , i'm just ... intps might need time to figure their feelings out , but it's a data thing . we need it all before making decisions . he has the data , and has not replied . although you can never be absolutely certain ... there's very little to go on here . has he told you he's an intp ? are there things that do confirm to you he is ? there's also different ways of talking about feelings . personally i can express ... excuse the double post , but i have just reached image posting privileges and i've been saving these up :  where do i sign up ? close ! just a little less cosy , fewer smiles , a slight yet palpable unease at the close proximity of everyone . you know , the usual . anyone find a more suitable sausage image yet ? i ... i thought this was going to be about the sausage fest that is the intp population . but now , now i am weirdly enjoying this thread . i would have repaid the favour by posting a sausage gif ... to preserve sanity ? you make no sense to me . especially if it's a product of raping ? you have me baffled . so you're saying that it's better for a woman's sanity to have a child ? have you ever seen ... ... team sports hold absolutely no appeal to me . however , i'm pretty big on climbing and find bouldering a lot of fun as it requires you to think of your body as a puzzle , figuring out where to put your ... pro choice . although i believe this isn't much of an issue in europe , and that that's the general consensus here . where is op from if i may ask ? also , there is a big support system over here . many ... yeah . it's a blessing and a curse . i'm extremely sensitive to sounds , quite sensitive to sights , and i jump up like a frog whenever startled . other than that i also take on the feelings of those ... '