' i'm moving soon into an apartment that allows pets , so i'm hoping people might hunt down a good birdcage , bird toys , perches , etc , to help with the startup cost of birds . i have trouble thinking of ... failure , being trapped , being helpless . i don't know , but i don't get why people will forgive animals their flaws but not humans . it's easy to love a dog and the simple relationship you can have with one because you almost never have to ... i grew up with women friends who liked to touch and hug a lot , so even though i'm not the most touchy-feely person i guess i kind of acclimated to it . we used to watch movies on the couch and they'd ... if i have to , yes . i don't like it , but i'd rather do it than stagnate somewhere / with someone i don't belong . i'm very sensitive to environments and try to get away from the wrong ones . i even hated ... hooray ! finally , my calling in life . tentacles don't count . i feel more like a social brick . is it just me , or do anime openings have a lot of randomly placed occult symbolism ? not even reaching here , slayers and evangelion both have a tree of life in there for no discernible reason . cuteness can be used as a weapon . sometimes . in more detail , the more i get to know some people the more i see where we don't understand each other , even if things seemed to resonate perfectly before . that's just where the biggest ... always sad when someone not even a technophobe goes the way of , it's video games ' fault i wasted my time on video games ! they stopped me from being productive ! i'm never letting my kids play ! ... sitting down and studying for my a + and remembering why i always hated learning . i have to find a way to study that doesn't involve notes , flashcards , or reading . ideally i'd just have tons of ... stopped at starbuck's and ordered from some nerdy asian kid with teenage acne . he opens his mouth and he has the voice of an angel , like if sean connery was reincarnated into a swan . just baffled ... are you hitting on us ? at least take us out to dinner first . i don't know if cute is what i'd call actual social awkwardness in women , but i think responses to awkward women are more mild in a broad sense . both sexes wind up dealing with bullying , ... agreed with all of this , but i hesitate at no creep shaming . people who are awkward and inexperienced don't deserve to have names flung at them like they're bad people , worthless , etc . people who ... sometimes i think i'm less fucked up than the majority of people , although i have always struggled with depression . i'm comfortable trusting people , have passions , know who i am , and am in reasonable ... i don't . most people in my family don't . only my mother and sister use it , and sparsely . myself , my father , and my two brothers either aren't on so much as facebook or don't actually log in . one time in high school my friend brought me to meet some friends who liked to have fights with pool noodles wrapped in duct tape as a break from being a giant nerd . i lost . maybe it's location-based , but i haven't seen this as a prevailing cultural belief . before i started reading forums regularly i had no idea it was even a thing , and it's been something i've had to ... i often feel the same way . i'm so used to people approaching me with an itch that needs scratching that it's become confusing to hear from a friend that they don't like me for what i do for them , ... nothing to give you a headache like spending a weekend around people who don't know technology but are too stubborn to listen to someone does . i give up . enjoy fixing your problem with your ... it rankles me a bit whenever someone says that minority and majority groups are exactly the same , such as homo - and heterosexuals . in my experience , the basic humanity is the same while the ... write whatever you think will motivate you to stick to that 50k for a month . whether it's brilliant or crap , if you lose interest a week in you still haven't finished a novel ... my personal take ... i know how i feel about what i know , the big question is whether or not i have the whole picture . i've had some heated arguments that were over mutual miscommunication , and with those settled there ... seeing you awake at 10 am is like running into batman at the grocery store . i prefer to deal with conflict and move on , so that there's less time and energy spent on it in any shape or form . most of my past relationships have been with people who were very passive about and ... feeling isn't a decision . committing is . i'm usually surprised by how hard i get hit by feelings when i do have them , and how some people dodge right underneath my guard and bring about a sense of ... personal preference . i'm sociable in video games or in places where it's fairly casual ( work , etc ) . i just don't like to have a lot of obligations to go out or people calling me at home when i'm ... i'm naturally mistrustful and looking for possible problems , which helps . i kind of blame it on my current phase of life . i've had a few long-term relationships ( as in , years ) that didn't work out and now i'm burnt out on trying to make something that doesn't work work . ... i think part of the nervousness is putting pressure on oneself to be highly interesting and in no way awkward . conversations between strangers are naturally a little awkward most of the time and it's ... no , but i do occasionally have people think it means they can cross my boundaries or otherwise be gross , selfish , and nasty . it doesn't mean walk all over me . it's me pretending i didn't see a faux ... ^ most will run off and never return at this point . just curious , what do you consider the best resources for comparing fi and fe ? i've found a few passages in the articles section , but i'm wondering if i'm missing anything useful . i need it for ... yes , but i've given up on trying to define it past that i vibe well enough with someone to feel it through forum posts or a single , short conversation and to really want to see more . in general ... you know i'd just be tempted to fuck with people for fun when you put it this way and see how long i can get them to listen to me with my mental filter off . sj : isfj , i imagine . i've come to like reasonably mature fe a lot , probably through some kind of accelerated stockholm syndrome from infjs . sp : isfps would be the most similar and i might like the ... it's that overwhelming entj sexiness . we're delicate , can't you go a little easier on us ? i've never been called it , but i worry about it sometimes . i've learned to be more concise , but i feel like i'm leaving a lot unsaid with it that's open to ( incorrect ) interpretation . i just combine things together in ways that are probably going to be delicious , unless it's something like cake or cookies . baked goods get truly inedible if you don't do it right . i've only had a ... i've met enough good friends and kind strangers to be hopeful , and enough pretentious assholes , manipulators , and vicious bastards and bitches to be cautious . following long written or verbal instructions and keeping things in order . i remember the day my schoolteachers gave up on trying to organize me . so many crushed hopes and dreams . infp . you ... thanks is fine for me , although meltedsorbet has great advice . i just give people things because i like them and want them to feel good , and it makes me feel like i can show them that care and take ... i think it definitely comes down to your preferences . most current science fiction bores me and becomes a chore to read after a few chapters , bestsellers included . discovering lester del rey was like ... you know if you keep following me around like a lost puppy , i might just start to like you even more . i don't understand some people's attachment to having all their friends in one group . leaving people who don't care whether i'm coming or going shouldn't make things weird with the one friend i have ... i see a lot of this thread in a friendship i have , but i don't consider any of it to be real problems . i can't see it seriously impacting a relationship of similar quality , either . it's nice to ... '