' i don't see why not . * envy * i never could get the hang of it , but i love the sound and always wanted to be good . i was wondering if different personality types preferred specific instruments over other types or if it's really just a matter of opinion . i prefer the guitar , drums , and violin . which ones ? i was talking to a friend of mine earlier about personality types and he brought into question whether or not intj's like to get into fights . his argument is based upon intj's being too nerdy to ... when you think about it ... it's the greatest weapon of all ... although i do have that broad shoulder build , it's that cold repelling aura i give off . one of the many intj perks . intj's are known for bathing in liquid plutonium . same thing except complaining and physical violence entails all in good time ... ' good time ' being 28 years from now . i fully understand what you mean , it doesn't bother me though . i love being able to see through the lies people spew . it's not that i want to know everything that the person does and says , i just ... just an imbalanced id and superego bordering did . i hope to get dementia at the age of 50 though , relieving myself in public places and getting away with it sounds like it could be fun . weiß kreuz youtube - weiß kreuz op1 history's strongest disciple kenichi op1 history's strongest disciple kenichi op2 the spellsword for hire . terrible movie for a terrible video game . i , without a doubt , believe that i have one of the strongest feelings towards justice . not so much the law , but what is morally right . although the law does have it's rules that are somewhat ... glass was the answer . i definitely consider myself an intellectual elitist , mostly because i live in a town where the general population is split into rednecks or tweakers . however , being a dog with less fleas doesn't ... suit yourself . though liquid in nature , don't push me too far ; for then i will break , and the damage may scar . what am i ? a towel . i come out of the earth , i am sold in the market . he who buys me cuts my tail , takes off my suit of silk , and weeps beside me when i am dead . what am i ? you got it , your turn . is it short ? if so : what can run but never walks , has a mouth but never talks , has a head but never weeps , has a bed but never sleeps ? welcome to personality cafe then . i'm sure you'll meet a lot of people just like you . i have a lot of issues physically and mentally . unfortunately i don't have the money to afford a doctor nor do i really want to go to a doctor anyway . so i just self diagnose via google which i would ... that's exactly how i think as well . i've been called both confident and arrogant , people just see things in different lights . ouch . here's an old on i know . i turn polar bears white and i will make you cry . i make guys have to pee and girls comb their hair . i make celebrities look stupid and normal people look like ... i cried a couple times as a kid , and the last time i cried i was eleven and my grandfather passed away . after that i may get sad about something but i don't cry . i usually nickname people as well , it could be close to their actual name or far from it . i guess it's just our way of categorizing them and letting them know that we think about them and care . i'm sure you won't be alone forever . spiders , always spiders . go figure , intj introverted : 67 % intuitive : 62 % thinking : 50 % judging : 44 % i'm borderline infj political power and persuasion is all you really need . look at bush , if only he had the intelligence to realize that he could have done it . i always add except in bed after the fortune , it's funnier that way . i usually get angry when people talk to me as though i were stupid , when someone takes a long time to learn something basic , and when dealing with really stupid people in general . it doesn't help ... i believe that ignorance is bliss , i see a lot of people who make poor decisions every day and can't muster up the iq points necessary to do basic math and they always seem happier than clams . i just finished the night angel trilogy by brent weeks and it has become my new favorite series , it was too good to even talk about . i never use religion to answer the questions of life but like the idea that some super natural deity can get my neighbor to not be an asshole . i believe that religion should be used as a template to ... '