' i've had my head up in the clouds far too long , i've touched down just to find it's still not better and now its hard to go back up . i have long strenuous staring contests with my cat at times . yes . we must unite all pikachu , there must be more out there on perc ! we must provide them with a rally call , the downfall of team rocket is coming , slowly but surely they'll be blasting off again ... so i just got my pikachu pajamas here's one i took today of our cat max in his favorite position . i haven't really been on perc in a while , but it feels good to browse through the infp forum , like a home away from home . stir crazy intp i think i know what i'm getting next . so ... for my birthday my best friends didn't see it as important to talk to me or visit me . otherwise , seeing my grandparents for the first time in a year or so was great . that is all . sunny came home i've been listening to hip to be square on repeat for far too long today . never even heard of that group before . never really listened to anything similar either , but i enjoyed it , looking up more by them right now .  so this happened today when i was in the shower . i socialize more with npc's than actual people . i avoid going into pools with friends , because somehow physical brawls are inevitable . thinking about getting pierced , idk what though another from my top tier favorites : l streetlight i wish i had this power . 1 ) having a star wars marathon on the weekend 2 ) cruising with music up 3 ) morning coffee with the sunrise 4 ) love 5 ) the first kiss 6 ) the beach at night 7 ) candles 8) drinks with close ... i forgot how enjoyable swinging at the park was . i feel like once i'm finally living in my own place it's inevitable . also since i'm moving in with one of my close friends , and he happens to breed snakes and crested geckos . i love my tie dye shirts c : but thanks haha , but yes if you dress i'd guess kind of punk / skater with a touch of hippyish . my friend has a chinchilla , and it's cuteness makes me crumble every time i see it , but you're lucky to raise one that really likes to be snuggled . i don't think i could handle that . i've always ... it definitely takes a lot for me to get angry , usually i just shrug it off or tell myself it's not worth it . although if you catch me on a day when i'm not in a decent mood with something i find ... walked around the park today : l found another geo-cache in the park today c : i personally think intps are hysterical from what i've seen on the forums . i haven't had the pleasure of meeting an officially dubbed intp in the real world ( besides the possibility of one of my ... never played the game but i like it , it reminds me of the soundtrack on runescape when i used to play . my ringtone never mind my previous review , my phone decided not to work . now that i've listened to it , it made me feel like i was in a long death cut scene of a main character in a video game . eerie yet ... awwh infjs c : spider bite loop piercings on girls , i don't know why but it drives me crazy . white tank tops , and it depends but crazy hair styles . mines in my signature , mostly reblogs about music / nature / art and occasionally my own stuff . i don't understand how i seem to be a magnet for girls who only want hook ups , and the ones i'm interested in are headstrong on staying single . that's what she said compilation i was poking around ebay , when this popped up on my search .. got the lights shut off on me while going to the bathroom today . by the time i exclaimed hey ! he was already out , so i was reduced to using my cell phone flashlight . i actually rarely use male characters in video games . i prefer playing as a female in rpgs , and i guess i've always thought that was because in some odd way i was playing as a dream girl or ... i made the mistake of answering a facebook message , now i can't escape this person . infx   ... hmmm , i'm going to start off with video games . generally i don't enjoy fps's that much anymore , occasionally i'll put in cod 4 or something similar to play online though i'm not nearly as good as i ... i'm one of the worst people to make plans with . always end up finishing my essays / hw in the library minutes before my classes . i don't think i've ever done it any way different . though writing essays at the last moment possible is the only time i ... time will tell - bob marley i hate physical contact in most ways , even from friends who think its necessary to break my hand with their handshakes . although i don't mind hugs when it feels right . there's this character at my ... i can't break this mood . free comic day '