' it'll be all right . compliment : you mean more to me than you can understand . i can't stand to be alone , but i do . i don't want to be strong , but there are no other choices . i don't know what to do . hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! yes . internet . that pretty much sums it up ... i know i believed in a lot of silly things , but i can only think of one at the moment . my aunt used to tell me that rain was st . peter peeing from heaven , and i believed her . hiya and welcome ! house fringe mythbusters i really don't watch much television ... i feel superficial for worrying about makeup and looks in general . also for taking pictures of myself . i also feel like i have an unhealthy interest into the whole dating thing . i'm fine by myself ... hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! a lot has been said , and i think i'd agree with most of them . i tend to wander from one interest to another but nothing ever seems perfect . i feel completely aimless with absolutely no idea what to ... yeah , i tend to sing everywhere or so my friends tell me . apparently i sing and hum and don't notice it . i don't dance , though unless in the confines of my own room , and even then , not much . hiya and welcome ! well the functions are actually the ones that define type and make them distinct from each other . for intp , it'd be introverted thinking supported by extroverted intuition . for intj , it'd ... my college actually uses mbti for roommate arrangements , so now you make me ponder about making an infp shirt . hmm ... dude , that sounds like an awesome idea . xd yeah , i'm clumsy . i don't tend to pay attention to things . i bump into things right in front of me , slipping , overfilling cups of water ... i second that . intp , probably , but since i usually don't try to type the people i know and meet , really wouldn't know . hiya and welcome ! i'm sure some geniuses around here can help you . i wouldn't suggest saying you there because that sounds a bit rude . just saying hey there would do all right . commenting about something you find interesting would also be better than just ... well , i'm usually in my room and quite content there . or aimlessly wandering around bookstores , trying to decide which book to read and buy . well , actually , i do feel the need to fill in silences , and i do find it awkward when the conversation comes to a stop . most of my friends are introverted , and i still always try to pull out anything ... yes to all of the above . never partied , drunk , did drugs , or gotten detention . still am a good girl , i think . i plead guilty as charged . i guess i should be doing something useful or reading a book or writing something meaningful . but , no . i don't rely too much on dreams , though . i tend more towards ... i'm pretty sure it indicates a really low preference for judging or it would have probably indicated otherwise . i'm guilty . i suppress most of it . well , some is genuine belief that most of what people work out of and believe to be love is pure hormones and other biochemicals . the other part is me being unable ... i used to test as intp , and obviously , f is my weakest preference . on a scale of 1-30 in clarity , it came out as 4 , while the rest were 25 ( i ) , 26 ( n ) , 22 ( p ) . hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! and , don't worry . i share a confusion in what to major in and the general what-in-the-world-can-i-do-to-keep-myself-from-starving thing . hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! you are an existential thinker like existential thinkers , leonardo questioned man's role in the universe . many ... i first took it freshman year of high school . got infp and didn't believe it . hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! and umm ... i don't know . look around ? a little exploration helps . sorry that i couldn't be more helpful . hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! hiya and welcome ! '