' i do this too ... i'll be talking about something really important to me , then interject with something random like ' i'm itchy ' or ' that guy looks like barack obama ' , then forget what i was saying ... i love infjs ... and yet they drive me insane at the same time ... but i love them . they have a way of making me feel accepted and totally misunderstood at the same time ... all of them ... i used to say ' except winter ' , but even that's starting to grow on me . i like sunny winter days when you can go to the beach with a cup of coffee and dress in warm fuzzy sweaters . i ... nice ... i second this ! just add a few kids and a dog , then i'll be nice and tied down , never to have to move again ... i just love staying in one place and having one job for extended periods of ... how do you do all that in only 2 weeks ? ? i want to be an infj ... someone show me how plz ? thankx . prison / confinement ... i wouldn't last a day in prison without going insane from claustrophobia or dying from boredom . also being treated like a monkey with no rights , not being able to decide what ... ever thought that the belief that this is an ' extroverted world ' might just come from the fact that extroverts in general are louder ? ? i don't see this as being a society that favors one over the ... i want to move where you are ... o . o we can trade places and you can move to new england , i . e . ixxj land i have a large collection of istjs in my life , and sometimes it can * seem * like they disapprove of you when they actually don't ... try talking to him about this , but don't expect him to say anything ... yeeessshh why ? ? ? no ... not in the morning . a lot of us are actually night owls ... so that's when i poop my rainbows . night . but seriously why does this thread even exist ? infjs are perfect , right ? how could ... i'm married already ... i love my sweet husband . i'm struggling with the idea of having kids ... i don't want to have kids just because that's what everyone else is doing ! i also don't necesarily ... infjs don't fart . my husband has a sweet smile ... further proof he's an enfj ... ? i actually don't know lol . my enfj husband has mood swings like you wouldn't believe . guess what guysh ? i had pizza today ! what's my type questionnaire 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other ... i want some pizza . a bunch of people on google also seem to think jesus was an infj ... so idk , there are good and bad parts about everyone infp ? i like invading infp forums ... anyway , i often feel like people don't listen to me , which makes me feel incredibly sad and like i need a hug ... fluttershy is my favorite , along with rarity she doesn't seem infpish , though ... exactly ! new england and ixxjs ... lol i'm curious if certain personality types are more common in certain geographical areas . i live in new england , which seems to be full if ixxj types , from what i can see . i also asked a gaggle of ... i tend to make a lot of vegan / vegetarian food , even though i'm not vegan / vegetarian . i like to try recipes that are very different from what i grew up with . something about cooking is just really ... that's so cute , oh my goodness ... i can relate ... i was a very creative and unusual child who was always trying to invite people in to my imaginary world lol ... my teachers didn't like me much , and my mom taught me how to behave ... i live in nh and go to a baptist church ... i see about 50,000 reasons why i don't fit in . it's like people in my church don't even notice me at times . my husband likes to wear bright red pants ... i hate fun things . i can empathize with you as a fellow 25 - er . certain things that interest me may be ' childish ' , and i still prefer to interact with college aged / early-mid 20 - somethings ( 18-25 range ) than with older ... last week , i made a somewhat degrading comment about overweight people in front of a friend of mine who is overweight ... =/ in high school , i blatantly expressed my conservative beliefs about gay ... i very much enjoyed being 20-21 ... but i don't know that i'd go back . it's not good to live in the past too much ! 3-4 days sounds about right ... most of us live near california , apparently ... which is why i'm not able to find any here on the east coast ... of course infps can be wealthy ... anyone can be wealthy . it has more to do with a person's circumstances and career / money goals than personality i took this once and got the same thing ... you're an enfj ! and i took like five thousand other quizzes that also said i was an enfj . and i thought i was full of fe , but observing myself lately , ... my mom is an infj and her personality kind of spreads / latches onto other people ... so i thought i was an infj for a while just because of that ... my intp sister and xstp ( ? ) dad just kind of ... oh , you're all on the west coast , no wonder ! ! and no , not much of a celtics fan lol ... our any sports team for that matter lol my sister is an intp , and our mom is infj and our dad is istp or estp , i'm guessing ... and she has me for a sister , poor thing ... lol depends on my mood ... i'm a pretty energetic person , except in the morning ... heeeheeeheee it's cuz we're cooler ! ;) lol jk not surprised that prophesy was first ... i am surprised teaching was second ... i almost moved to chicago ... if my husband had picked a different job i'd be there now =/ lol ! ! ! well i'm glad that when this happens some day , my husband and i will be spared ! we both feel about 3945783834 feelings per hour ! ! ... why am i here ? i'd have to run screaming out of the room if it was full of either introverts or extraverts ... we need variety , man ! a whole room full of infjs ? * shrinks away nervously * lol , jk ... just my mom is an infj and i can picture a bunch of her filling a room and all sharing their opinions and why they're correct ... '