' okai ! ~ so i have sorted them into three categories for ya ! friends : intj , istp , istp , enfp , esfj , enfj close friends : infj , infj boyfriend : infj my istp friend has lots of different ... hello , for the past while i have had a notification saying that i have ' 1 unread visitor message ' when i have no such thing . i have clicked the notification and looked at all of my messages yet ... i am an enfp and i am in l o v e ! * starts to drool * i love ni ... gah infjs and intjs are the best ... after smoothies * wipes her drool and carries on * well it enabled me to protect my delicate fi ... so i am happy with that typo xd ... i am pretty bad at practical things ... i always wished i was a more practical person ;( i prefer cake or death . ( i am really sorry ... this is a serious conversation / things you have shared but i was reminded of this video ... ) but i can ... well every brain needs a pinky ! in order to complete your quest for world domination i suggest you find an extraverted perceiver as quickly as possible ! ... is there such a thing as fake cheese for those who can not partake of the glories of normal cheese ? haha ! infjs are the only seducers for this enfp ;) they are a ' nike trap ' ... have you invaded them yet ? that would be most humorous to watch . heck i would probably tag along for that . on a side ... whoho ! ~ you are a type 7 too ! ! ! yeah i know what you mean ... i especially find wit , word plays and hidden / subtle innuendos to be very attractive . i like cheese , but generally not by itself ! for example ... cheese on tacos or pizza is simply exquisite since the flavours combine and the cheese slightly melts and becomes a nice soft and warm ... that is a nice idea ! hmmm have you found out anything interesting about yourself while interacting with the different users ? hiya ! i thought as an enfp i might be able to suggest a couple of things ... if that is okay : unsure : sorry if none of this is helpful have you ever tried communicating with this person how it ... it is an amazing song ... one does not simply ignore it . so are you entps trying to take over all of perc atm ? :p * nike pokes her head into the chat , looks around and munches on some popcorn * love eh ? well first you are gonna have to define love . * starts ... i was not implying that you suggested either of those things :) i am glad we agree on at least that . i will agree in the sense that it is effective , it made me very obedient to my parents . but , ... my parents did not use that particular tool , but something similar . anyways , in the long run all it has done is produce more damage than help unfortunately . to the extent where i actively disagree ... thanks ! ~ : kitteh : gah ! ! ! * collapses into a pile of feelings , love and cuddles * * squeals a bit * don't peer into our souls ! ! ! > _ < depends on what you mean by confidence :P i can be confident , i can also be shy or nervous ... i can be many things whoooaaa ! talk about controversial ! xd i was diagnosed with adhd at 9 years old , i am not a boy , my parents never allowed me to have many sweet things since they considered it to be unhealthy , i ... hello my fellow enfps ! ! ! it has been so long since i last poked my head into this thread :P i was wondering how many of you are in a relationship with an infj ? i am using ' relationship ' to mainly ... i am ! * strikes a crazy pose * university and some other stuff has made my life slight more complex and have less time :p how are you doing ? * cuddles * this song reminds me of enfps ne soo much xd ' we live on fascination ! ~ ' esfp ... a good time ... a party ... living in the present moment ... love ... hmmm ... i think isfps are very very intriguing ! my sister is one , and she doesn't mind following my ne everywhere :P in fact she loves have deep conversations with me can this be about friendship relationships or only romantic ? : unsure : my two closest friends are infjs ... one who i have known for 6 years ... the other 1 year :P for those enfps who have been ... you can talk to an introvert for almost every day for over six months ... and consume almost none of their energy ! hmmm you know you are an infj when you can read the mindset , emotions and mood which your enfp friend is in ... and freak her out :P darn you infjs ! so scary , yet loving ! see if you guys used your ... ah ! the age-old dilemma for introverts ! the ' i want to meet that special someone , but i don't want to have those boring conversations and have my energy used up ! ' ;) hmm , i would propose that ... * hugs * i am sorry this happened to you and the opossum . why does this look like a mix of mafia and karaoke ... but with a dictatorship judge panel which has more perceives that judges ? ? ? : shocked : : frustrating : : unsure : :d ry : : confused : * runs and ... * nike pokes her head in and looks confused * did i miss anything ? what was this ... ? why ... why would you want me to sing ? * stares at the persons head * were they there before ? i can't remember ... theobroma how could i not compliment such a great friend ? moreover , how could i not compliment such a good influence ? :p if you didn't know a language ... what would your thoughts be ? > _ > ( knows there is probably a simple answer ) oh yes ... lord voldemort is very appealing : laughing : well , you have many different types of people within one type , so i wouldnt say i am attracted to all intjs in fiction or in real life ... wow . i would simply sit down and talk about it ... i mean , just say i think i am developing feelings for you . i know that is difficult but honesty is really important since there is no real way to ... sick > _ < but getting better so that is a positive socionics - the16types.info - mbti : descriptions of cognitive functions from various sources oh ... huh not bad : wink : welcome ! ! perhaps i would be able to help you out since i know both infps and isfps : ) i hope you enjoy discussing your thoughts here and discovering you self ! if you have any questions don't ... and ate some popadecorn . : crying : why you gotta be so rude ? for math , practice a lot . ask lots of questions till you get it , stay focused on the main thing you are trying to solve . hmm i take the information and put it into a different format ; like a mind map , pictures , fact file ... anything which is different . i don't find studying with others effective since i get distracted . you are adorable awww that was cute ! hmm why is this thread so quiet ? : shocked : cuddles ! ~ : laughing : hahaha you are hysterical ! but always be careful with stereotypes , since using words like ' all ' since it is not true for everyone all the time :p 1 . i am a pretty touchy feeling person ... same > _ < i wish i had like 10 me to compile information together :p '