' somehow ? alright , well , i lived in a pretty controlled environment - still do , in fact . currently , i'm 17 years old , 18 in july and i've been planning o moving in with my current boyfriend of 1 ... when people get upset about one thing , and begin yapping to me about all the other things i do to make them upset . it's annoying , really , and makes me believe they're constantly bothered by me , in ... okay , well , this is a whole issue , thing . note that i am not entirely sure of his type but i believe he's an estj - he's not really interested in personality typing . very individualistic . last ... i only sent one this year because i recently started dating someone and they're into things like that - i made it myself so it was entertaining for me . i also made them one because someone else ... pizza is really good and cheese is really good . no . and $ 50 for one pill is dumb - unless i was an athlete and was moving around so much i didn't have time for nutritional meals . argh , i really don't understand people . or him , rather . you voice to me something i do that is bothersome . i become quiet and think on it . about 2-3 minutes later , i respond . you say , ' you've ... five feet . i like it . i've only said ' keep in touch , ' to be a dick , or because i was too shy to tell them i really wanted to talk to them at a later date . i ask ' how are you , ' but sometimes it's really just filler . can i ask my fellow intp's a question ? i don't think it warrants an entire thread , but i'm facing about two ethical dilemmas . let's say you're in love with q . q has a brother name b , whom he ... this thread is making me question my intpness . pness . heh . okay , maybe not question it . i really like dressing up but i find it really time consuming ... especially since i like to clutter . i don't ... when others succumb to their own insecurities in hostile fashions . the hostility isn't what pisses me off , personally - it's the reason for the hostility . it's not that you have a real problem with ... i actually had to think about this . a year ago , without hesitation , i'd have chosen ' knowledge . ' but then i thought of ' love . ' i'm not sure what knowledge means to me . to know everything ? impossible , ... 1 . what is your sexual orientation ? pansexual , or something . that works on most days . 2 . do you regularly do drugs ? ( for the purposes of this survey , i'll include alcohol . ) none at all . 3 . how ... i tear up , not full out cry . the last movie i remember that made me cry was cloud atlas because a love story didn't quite work out because of fleshy human bodies . i felt for that moment , i felt ... can i just be one to say that an erection does not neccessarily mean sexual arousal , nor does it mean that one is accepting of the arousal - i may get erect , i may be aroused , but if i don't want to ... i love how this thread is primarily pictures - no actual talking about feelings , let me show you them . look at this cute motherfucker and take in this fucking scenery . to contribute : ... i'm not sure if i'm just extra tolerant or if it's not as bad since they're not my parent ... in any case , i'm dating an esfj ( the horror ! ! ! ) , and , for the most part , they never really annoy me , ... i don't understand why people mimic me so often , especially as someone who spends most of their conversations trying to blend in with others . i have so many friends and acquaintances who pick up on ... hmm .. i don't get attracted to people easily at all - physically attracted , hell yes , but just because i'm physically attracted to someone , doesn't mean they're worth the effort of chasing . being ... there needs to be a way to download food . print out a pizza , save a cupcake to your usb , suck on the cords coming out of your computer for pink lemonade . scientists ain't doing their jobs right , ... i am capable of being giddy - idiotically so . last night , the person i love told me they loved me . i smiled , covered my mouth , went into the bathroom , and proceeded do calf raises ( anything but ... when people don't say what they mean . let me just ... relay to you something . i just got off the phone with a person that which i am courting and i have not texted this person in two days . we ... i was a cute kid . i kept to myself unless i wanted something and i wanted things a lot . i loved playing computer games ( super child friendly - i compulsively played a sesame street game ) , playing ... formal education is good when i can't keep my attention on something - as such , formal education is just a way to make sure i concentrate - babysitting , really . for actual substance , learning on ... i can't speak for all intp's but i can speak for myself . for myself , honestly , i'm just lazy . emotional interactions are draining , more so than superficial social interactions ( however more ... fuck happy emotions . this song makes me sad as fuck . the entire album makes me sad as fuck . fuck this album . in other news : 43915 i like animals ... i think the reason people think intp's make lousy romantic partners is the fact intp's simply rarely feel the need to be good romantic partners - let me explain and note that i'm only speaking from ... i'm not sure if this is just me , but sometimes i get emotionally overwhelmed and i become dead . i do not turn into ' nothing , ' my default programming is ' nothing , ' deadness is fucking strange . it ... having people misconstrue the emotions i do show as ' intense . ' this is not intense . this love that i show for you is filtered into a glass with a very limited amount of space . if you call what ... i usually just try to talk to them . i'm a selective motherfucker ; they should be honored and want to lick the sole of my boots if i utter a single non derogatory syllable their way . yes , even my ... i don't think it is . objectifying women is disgusting . objectifying anyone is disgusting . i don't think there's any problem with not wanting people who commonly disrespect your sex , and have the ... so , my boyfriend just moved to another state and he has no internet connection . nothing . it's been a week and five days since we have spoken . i am currently preparing myself for one of three ... i want to be an author . or something . i don't know . i'd like to go through life doing a whole bunch of jobs with my writing thing as a hobby i love and get paid for it . this , for me , and they are still here because they are awesome . anyway , i only ever created an imaginary friend for shits and giggles - to annoy and entertain my family , really . she was this girl ... it's always bad . i'm very nervous about things and i don't actually like preparing for things very much . so the entire time i am waiting to do my speech , i'm on edge but by the time i'm up there , i ... goncharov's oblomov and nabokov's pale fire . reading them as a research on different styles and their implications and blah , fuck , you know what i mean . stories , photoshop , bioshock and re5 . it changes often , depending on which games i'm religiously playing and stories that i care about . just saying , just because someone is a woman does not inherently mean they must take close adherence to their appearance - rationally speaking , you should dislike them as much as you dislike men who ... while learning a new subject , this new subject makes you think of another subject and how this new subject links to the other subject and you clamor and fawn over these two linking subjects and then ... good god , just stop ' interpreting ' things and ask him straight out . this is why i don't date - too much guess work involved . no , seriously , though , what's wrong with just asking , to clarify you two ... tell him to shut the hell up . or , tell him to write everything down and give it to you , so he can note what he's saying and cut it down into smaller pieces . tell him to keep it brief . have you ... nah , it's not nosy . i'm pretty sure it was just a build-up of things i've never said and she never heard and because things are essentially the same as before , i am almost positive it will happen ... i cried today . and screamed . i mean , i wailed , i threw a temper tantrum , short of jumping up and down and throwing things . i did this , in front of my mother , for about ten minutes . i am so damn ... there are a lot of ways . for example , currently i like this guy . sometimes i completely ignore him because i'm not sure if he likes me and don't want to be a burden nor do i want to be annoying ... ... esteem in what ? in my personality , appearance , intelligence ? i like my personality but i'm pretty confident in the fact other people won't entirely like it so i omit a bit when speaking with ... i have no idea how you guys set time limits then actually go through with them . i have the same problem as you do and i just force myself - but in very small increments . less than ten minutes per ... yep . i do . i feel annoyed now . i don't have emotional baggage to most things , actually . most of my emotions are short-lived . i'm ... emotionally volatile , most frequently reverting to apathy ... when people talk over me and think we're being buddy-buddy . no . this isn't fun . if an apocalypse happened just then and all the food was gone , i would kill you , cook you and then eat you . those are ... when people compliment how i look . i don't know , it just pisses me off a bit . underneath what really bothers me is the fact that most people who do compliment the way i look / dress don't know me . they ... when people thank me when they have me at gunpoint . you just make yourself seem more like an ass . don't do it . people who complain constantly . i don't care if you're doing something about the ... '