' stuff that i'm all pretty good at ... what are the s subjects supposed to be ? art ? i have the eye for art . not so much the hand . that's why i like design . i love ravenclaw , but it'd be totally awesome if i were a slytherin . i wish i had that sort of ambition ! arg ... ravenclaw does not mean intelligent . you can be plenty intelligent and not be ravenclaw , or be a little dull and be a ravenclaw . ravenclaw is about curiosity , it's about yearning to grow your ... i just saw some thread on another forum about introversion and extroversion and i just wanted to start getting deep into personality theory , which is when i realized i missed this place . hiatus over ! ... names with ls in them are great ! my favorite site for names is behind the name . the people there are actually interested in the history and raw aesthetic beauty of names instead of just what should ... you still sound totally isxj to me , for the same reasons i stated in your last thread . i'm leaning towards isfj . i guess i should go back into my narrow-minded hole . : blushed : ( that said , the makes everything sound meaningful bit does ring more like an intuitive than a sensor . and not being able to stick ... no , but twilight seems to trust it to be so . aww , that sucks ! i haven't had anywhere near the kind of experiences you have , though i am familiar with the concept of social isolation . i solved it by seeking people out instead of waiting for ... i thought that you did mental contingency planning for them from how you said i like to consider every possibility . i believe that nothing is ever certain , and that anything is possible . guess i ... this sounds like its backed up with too much rationale to be a sign of ne . perception , or as jung refers to them , irrational functions focus more on the understanding and intensity of their ... tl :D r : you are definitely some sort of thinking dominant . also , i am terrible at describing judging dominant types . before you try to find your type , choose which theory you are trying to find ... threes chase a sort of self image . ones chase an ideal , and make themselves conform to it . i think type 6s are more of a negative future-focused type . fear of the unknown and all that . actually , i read somewhere that science has shown that people actually like it more when you make them do stuff for you ( and lavish heavy praise on them ) than when you do stuff for them . nobody likes ... for me , it's a disorder where the brain focuses in ? ? ? when you're trying to concentrate on something that does interest you . it's like the raw focusing ability is still there but it's scattered to ... i love seeing all of the white christmas cards , living in a desert where it almost never dips below 60 degrees fahrenheit in the winter . : laughing : more seriously , i am only in my teens but i ... omg , i love that site ! truly the internet's best source of comedy . salamander ( no points for guessing mine ) isfj : perception dominant introvert esfj : judging dominant extrovert a lot . isfjs are far more similar to istjs than they are to esfjs , and the esfjs resemble much more closely enfjs than isfjs ... what's not great about it ? it's pretty rare to be bothered by your dominant function ; if you didn't like the way that it conceived things , it wouldn't be your dominant . you don't tend to notice flaws ... throwing a big everybody come to owfin's house and give her money party ? very rarely . i think it's rude and inviting prejudice to go ahead and assume what people are thinking . yeah , i definitely feel great compassion and sympathy when i see someone cry , but i don't know what to say . my usual outside expression in these instances is discomfort , which might come across to ... i do ballet , but as for dancing spontaneously ... not with anybody else . occasionally i dance about the house to no particular music , but most of it is just doing fun moves like rond de jambes ( taking ... i'd be wary of describing mbti dichotomies as the wrong way of going about things . it's simply a different theory , and in the original form , a fairly serious one with depth . to the op , it's not ... optimist ! i waver between a cynical optimist and a idealistic optimist , though . it'd be hard to determine . we haven't really gotten into the nitty-gritty of her psychology like we have with some other characters .  well only my vote counts . it doesn't matter what any of you other people think ! you may think that you can do without anybody , but it is a very rare person who can live the hermit life . there is a reason why solitary confinement is such a horrifying punishment . that said , i'd ... oh hell no . every day i ask myself am i being a good person ? , am i on the right track in life ? , am i a good friend ? . i can be deeply paralyzed by overthinking , and that is a trait i think is ... funny thing is that i have ne inferior , but my writing is full of adjective clauses ( which to me come across as somewhat parenthetical--there i go again ! ) , digressions , qualifiers , adverbs , and ... i'm normal in that i can point out lots of personality quirks that make me appear to be not normal . :p roud : wow , i'm the only istj to vote how a detective gets along in the social dynamic is more interesting ? then again , it's more because mystery is one of my absolute least favorite genres , so elements ... yeah , my sister , who tried ritalin for a bit , found that it made her a zombie . my family takes concerta , which has been very effective . i'm still me , just pissing myself off less with my failure to ... actual add is caused by a chemical imbalance . thus these drugs do not make you high with add , but put you back in chemical balance . unfortunate that you had to have such a bad experience with them . a new pmv i made . it's meet the pyro , except starring everypony's favorite pink-maned pegasus fluttershy ! also contains show dialog and such . ... if you don't follow through on those ideas me and all my friends are gonna hate on you ! why do you think that ? : tongue : but seriously , i annoy my intuitive dad with my relentless , endless streams of questions that won't stop until we get to why are the fundamental constants of the ... i personally think that spike is an enfp , which is probably another one of those theories ( like my fluttershy-is-an-extrovert one ) that nobody else will agree with me on . just think of it less like ... i've seen a lot of nfs talking about their xstj children , actually . maybe you're looking in the wrong place . yes , i've never understood why so many american churches are the ugliest , least inspirational buildings imaginable . like , those beautiful stone cathedrals with stained glass ? those must make you feel ... great job impersonating those infjs . i mean , the way that you systematically list off your impressions instead of actually working to gimmick the organizational style of infjs ? very accurate . of your ... really ? i'm all over the nf forums . sounds like a bunch of bullshit to get through just to fix a stupid comment system . you are trying to mask your own insecurity by insisting on your own confidence . i see you , your poor troubled past , unloved by your family . here , let me give you a hug . * hug * well , i guess i fall under that category ... oh , that too ... dammit . everybody hugs at my place u200ba every . freaking . one ? '