' i dont know any infjs irl or online . where are these fabled magical creatures tht u speak of ? ? cool infjs pm me .. i need to see how awesome u are : love_heart :: ball : i dont usually doorslam people because i am forgiving and reasonable . however , i do doorslam only if necessary . recently , this has happened with 2 people . one was emotionally manipulative and he ... my best friend and fellow anime buddy is an intp girl and i adore her . shes so sweet and always reminds me about important stuff ( exam dates , important events etc ) . i only know one intp guy and hes ... i have a wide variety of best friends and they inlcude intp , istj , enfp , infp and intj : kitteh : i like to snack and study :D it helps with staying alert and fully focused ( or as focused as possible ) :p erc 2 : lol thanks ^ but i think intj's can be quite loquacious as well : tongue : i liked your words too , especially epiphany , it's really fun to say . dalliance is such a pretty word . i also like these words : perambulate , garrulous , vociferate , osculate , plenipotentiary , locuna , caprine , capricious , effloresce , myriad , primaveral , ... idk why but i love pears . but i don't discriminate , i love most fruitsss ! ( except grapefruit , , ickk : bored :) you freak out because you think you lost your keys but you suddenly realized they were in your hands the whole time . are you high ? are you drunk ? did you drink before class started ? i love youuu ! ! ( my best friend tells me this all the time : laughing :) whoahhh slow downnn ... now start from the top . can't you ... i like random activities and i love learning new things ( languages , hobbies , magic tricks , funny accents ) i enjoy going out with friends on crazy adventures ( once we went out to a bar and somehow ... what if op is a troll ? ? : shocked : i know 6 of them .. 4 girls and 2 guys . i love them all dearly and i cherish their friendships . one of the guys was my ex.bf and even after the breakup he is still my buddy . the girls are ... woohoo skype partayy ! ! ! im definitely joining :D hmm your situation is a tough one . i can give you some positives : don't worry about approaching an enfp , we are sociable and masters at handling awkard situations . she will make you feel ... age : 19 gender : femalee one thing you are awesome at : i'm flexibble , i can do the splits xd oh and i can sing in the showerrr purrtyy well one thing you are passionate about : music , drama , acting , ... oh i'm fine , today was a lovely day . are you a natural redhead . no your not ugly , i love yourr hair and i think you are pretty :) thanks everyone for the advice :D i really appreciate it . i think i finally made my decision . i'm thinking about doing mechanical engineering in college or probably aerospace engineering . got any of ... are enfp's suitable for a career in engineering ? ? i am thinking about a career in engineering and i would like to hear what some experiences and opinions by enfp engineers . i love math and sciences ... childhood-popstar , marine biologist , actress , singer . teenage - writer , journalist , research scientist to cure cancer n shizz , astronaut , actress , doctor . pre-university - biomedical engineer , ... i experimented with brown , light brown , red and blue . i dont have any pictures of the red and blue but i am currently brunette now . my natural hair colour is pitch black . i'll look for some pics of ... * * surprise hug * * * that was soo kyutee <3 i'll be your enfp budaayy lets play :D thanks so much for your input , it really helped and i will take it into consideration before i make my decision :) thanks for the interesting info , although the ib units do not transfer over or look good on applications , did it still somewhat prepare you for uni work ? ? was there some benefit ? what were the major ... i am currently debating whether to pursue an ib diploma in a uwc school , or do a levels or just go to university . has anyone pursued this and what was ur experience like ? is it more impressive or ... mother language is chinese . ( cantonese . but i also know mandarin ) i can speak english , spanish , french and some korean . right now i am learning some japanese . sometimes intjs think everything is a debate and everything has to be all about logic and proving a specific point and you guys take things way too seriously . it irks me a bit . occasionally i ... seriously give her some time to breathe , relax and sort out her emotions and mixed feelings . no one can remedy or ameliorate an enfp other than herself . she knows best how to deal with her own ... a + all the way cuz thats the blood type of awesome people . ( enfp's ) mine are red , violet and lavender hmm what would this amazing enfp world be like ? ? i can tell you one thing , it would pretty awesommee ! so much more cooler , random holidays . no racism , useless prejudice etc ... school system would ... when i get the vibe that someone doesnt like me , i really do nothing differently . i am still who i am and i have learned to be true to myself . although after the situation , i ponder on the reasons ... 10 ) attention whore doing homework oh joy > . < well this will be quite a list but i'll try to condense it for you : eccentric , random , intense , emotional , intelligent , charismatically magnetic , moody , hilariously funny , annoying most of the ... definitely obnoxious . i am so giulty of it > . < an enfp here saying hi ! ! recently i have discovered that i am an enfp , not too sure what that means but i am very intrigued and interested in self-discovery and self actualization or inherently ... '