i am so not cut out for academia , i suck at adhering to the many rules and structure for such formal writing haha see , it doesn't require everyone agree on it in that i would assert that many necessarily assert a morality that can't have an substantive universality because the conditions that underpin people's ... i think there could be something approximate to a objective morality , but instead of it being purely abstract system it would have to be put in relation to the existing conditions of the world . ... i like to think wolves can't climb trees as good as bears and that i might strike it lucky with a half decent tree to climb pfft , this thread is legit as shit mang should've got a picture yeah best go visit them at their home and ask them wheres your money never your fautl dark angel , never i know , did you end up getting gifts later ? was thinking about how there's that lack of sympathy for batman being sad about his parent's tragic murder . and it made me think of how people deal with death and especially when it's more tragic in ... ooo mrs jones what you do to me  what i find is that i have to organize the structure for the more formal papers , like big planning and then keep referring to the plan to keep myself on point . but it's a lot of work trying to keep ... best kind of blow jay translation : shit cereal oh may i have beer without alcohol , chocolate without the chocolate , things without the things ! omfg lady ! transby or gtfo 718274 i'm using a chromebook with google chrome browser and cleared cache / cookies .  magpies swooping ? you should try making friends with them , expert says - abc news ( australian broadcasting corporation ) infp : lateral / non-linear i relate to this description of an infp explaining their process in trying to write . and i guess , because ne is less about a conclusion and just exploring ... qft i wonder how much of how i am receive is based on some developed image in people's minds more so than just the delivery . a bit like how a comedian cultivates an image in order to help the reception ... where all the photos go ! ? whilst changed in demographics , the point isn't purely about the group it's directed towards and i guess i probably made an emphasis on that in my point about qualifying how generalizble something ... yeah i still have a constant unread visitor message notification only rumored , no confirmation yet ... until next issue of woman's weekly where we have an exclusive interview with ... nabbits uncle whilst i think women would welcome men's increased participation in housework and child rearing , i imagine it's highly unlikely many are going to play paternal carer for matriarchal control the way ... i'm the infpest infp that ever infpeed this tendency of mine really is a need , i need an outlet . i was pretty depressed as a teen / younger man where there was no place to just leak my mind's contents . i know it's a bit selfish in that i ... the ' bang on ' stuff doesn't strictly relate to what you've written but is more a general characterization that i believe resonates with duo as true . i'll try it tease it out some as i've just ... the relativity of wrong by isaac asimov it's the ne stuff again , i can't rest on conclusions , always exploring and i got a lot of thoughts i've built up over time . it could all be for nothing but might have some interesting material and ... come sit on the couch nabbit made this joke at least twice now , definitely thinking alot about pregnancy , ... it's not what spam world deserves , but it's what spam world needs ! there is a difference between a sort of , there is no gender in terms that there's nothing still problematic in society and that there is real world distinctions in the lives of being a man or a woman ... y'all classier than i this fits into something that i've been making sense of in some small scale research for uni . in it , gender norms were to be defined as guides or constraints based on one's sex , so that being ... smart people do marxism ... aye bud , you want some marxism ? real cheap mang , you know you want it ... i know you're posting on a text based forum but i don't think you can read . what brought you here then ? your milkshakes always with you and couldn't lead you elsewhere . #truestory no more no mores mr . cafebot is a real boy ! ! !  gay is what it is