' i like enfps . they're fun to play with . im wearing this today . ive been dreaming of hobbit holes . aw , that's sweet of you to say marktwain . thanks . :) ravenclaw . the quiet world by jeff mcdaniel in an effort to get people to look into each other's eyes more , and also to appease the mutes , the government has decided to allot each person exactly one ... isfp here . green is the colour i like most . this is the great american movie : i'll do it with you ! :) here i am again , being a quacker : there's no sound for a little bit in the beginning . ;/ i can touch my tongue to my nose , walk into doorframes mindlessly , and sometimes i write atrocious love poems . i like bears x 6 & i firmly believe i was buddy holly in a past life . woo doggie , theres a cute one . boys , boys , boys . on a more serious note , i tend to think about my future , dreams , where i'm going , and how i can apply my values to my everyday life . love is on my ... i was vegetarian for six years & a vegan for roughly seven months . the diet didn't agree with my body so now i eat meat occasionally . i've been struggling with dp 24/7 for the last six years . i really feel for you . dp cruelly attacks , and can destroy , the human spirit . you can avoid dp episodes by not focusing your attention on it ... here's mine : ludosfriend ive only recently begun to actually log onto this site after a year of completely ignoring it , heh . ( also , my name isn't bronwen , it's stephanie . ) um , you can talk about your day , elephants , blue cheese , your favourite book , or a childhood memory . anything . you can just stare at the camera , dance , sing , or attempt a world record . p . s . it's ... just say what's on your mind at the time . =D hey isfps , i made a video . meow . wow . i'm not an enfp , but my mother is esfj and i can relate to everything you've written . it's such an awful experience to live with someone who turns nonsense into conflict . i don't have any solid ... kitties , bearded men , daydreaming , observing people on public transportation , staying up late , cartoons , the sea , waking up to the smell of bacon , walkin ' everywhere and anywhere , tea , hobbit holes , ... i've been dating an introvert , an infp in fact , for almost a month now . the first few times we hung out i was extremely awkward and held back in conversations cuz i suck at articulating my musings , ... i'm not an infp , but i hope to marry one . or an enfp . xnfp & istp . gizmo : fluffy grey kitty who hides from strangers and is generally cautious , especially when new things are brought into the house . favourite past time is staring out the window . only wants attention ... i've been reading a book called overcoming anxiety by helen kennerley that has helped quite a bit , especially after experiencing the worst anxiety-ridden month of my life not too long ago . check it ... my bubble's reserved for a special few , particularly those who don't attempt poking & jabbing it right away . it's difficult for me to freely let people in . i need to trust you first then we can go ... hmmm , infps : they're genuinely curious about others , completely random , and are great partners to explore the unknown with . silence is rarely awkward , even between a newly met infp & i ; there's like ... only initially . i'll doubt their feelings for me if they don't and probably move on . ;/ i'm a big ol cuddly grizzly bear . ive been pursued by extraverts & i recently pursued an introvert for the first time ever . personally ive never had a relationship , mostly my fault because i appear quite aloof when under the spell of ... understand & accept i don't always vocalize my thoughts , show persistent interest , go on random adventures , and share their favourite music / movies / books with me . hehe . my view on life : in a room full of cupcakes , eat them all ! you'll likely taste a few or more dry ones , but don't let that stop ya from conquering the cupcake mountain . :D keep on eatin ' on . depending on the intensity , i'll often fumble my words or won't say anything in front of a crush , coming off as cold and totally uninterested when they're in fact on my mind all the time . with that ... you you you you you - the 6ths :) robbie ferrier from war of the worlds . * sigh * soothing , dreamy sounds that either calm my mind or thrust me into my magical little world ... lyrics are pretty important , too , although a plethora of songs in my music collection don't have any at ... hey guys , your advice was is much appreciated ! (: i messaged him on facebook yesterday asking if we were still on for dinner , but he never responded so i've decided to keep my distance from him for ... hey guys ! i need advice about a certain enfp i have special feelings for ! would ya mind lending an eye ( or two ) and help me figure out this boy ? ! sooo . it all started a month or so ago when ... tod from the fox and the hound & the owl from bambi ! :) well , he bluntly expressed his attraction to me last week when we hung out , but he recently broke up with a girl he had been dating for two years , so maybe he's iffy about starting a new relationship ... i'm seriously crushing on an enfp at the moment , but his hold and cold behaviour is driving me bananas . =/ post-rock , ambient , folky protest songs , delta blues , 50s pop . meh , i'll listen to anything really . my love life is practically non-existent , mainly because of my extremely high standards . =/ plus , i get myself into totally unconventional no-win situations ; i fail at the dating game . or has dating ... mostly ambient music . i'm really enjoying songs from the riot folk collective right now as well . hiya andrew . =) that was one of the first tests i took . according to that test , i'm either an infp or an infj . just tonight i took a different test and , again , the result was infj . gah . it's so frustrating ! maybe i ... witnessing connections between strangers . kids . exchanging outrageously imaginative ideas with friends . yep . aww . i hope your problems subside soon , m'dear . * hug * more evidence proving wordsworth's brilliance ! =D '