' i know i know . i thought about it then felt bad for lying ! ! ! no ! i have only been back in work a couple of days and i was just about to email with a problem , but i fixed it myself . i must have got better at my job . i know that sounds like an excuse . it is ... i keep finding problems but managing to work them out myself ! no excuse and i can't lie ! lol . ooh i like it ! genius ! i'm a scaredy cat too . there is something he could help me with ... thank you for your help so far . i do not know much about his interests unfortunately . i am also not sure whether he has any interest . he has no reason to dislike me i think . our interactions in the ... whilst this made me actually laugh out loud at the idea of holding a stapler hostage , we don't work in the same building or town , so unless he's happy to send it me through the post in order for me ... hi i know an intp through work but we work in different buildings . he's helped me with system problems for years but he seems really interesting and i have a feeling we would get on well . ( i don't ... hello and thankyou all for your responses . just to clarify i know he is entp because his former department did some work on mbti . a good friend of mine worked on a project with him and that's what ... hi , gatecrashing from the infp forum . i found out last week i have a new boss and i have met him a few times before and i didn't get a good vibe from him . he did not seem like a team player and ... a ) true . b ) maybe but it's a huge generalisation that may do nothing to help someone testing as or self-identifying as infp . c ) not true . it might be of some but introversion has little to do ... throwing something , hitting something . when i was younger , hurting myself . the urge is still there but i can overcome that . are there any who have actually tested as or self-identified as infp rather than just speculation ? i'm an intelligent person but i almost hate myself for what i'm about to write . sometimes i feel that other people are stupid . they don't see the whole . i find myself at work making connections and i ... blackwidow i don't see why you couldn't have your own business but i must admit , i don't have to deal with accounts as such or insurance , or anything like that . i work in the public sector and ... i love my job anmd i manage a small team in an arts setting . people say that infps don't want to manage but i love leading my team ? ? ? i have previously written about two of my closest friends ( they don't know each other ) and the colleague i best get on with all being infj . well my other close friend has just taken the official test ... omg , i think that woman just noticed i absent-mindedly said thanks to a vending machine #infpproblems i work closely with an intj and we make a good team i think . we have the same vision but opposite skills . so we can conclude that other types think we are good listeners because we don't talk much , but when they are talking away at us about something , our minds are usually on other things anyway ? ;-) i know one that i know of but i find our conversation is stilted . there are things that make me cringe about her because they remind me of things i don't like about myself and i cringe too at the ... when i first found mbti i found most type descriptions accurate about me in some respects , but not in others . it's not until i read up about cognitive functions did the whole thing make sense to me ... i'm infp and i am an atheist . for those who are completely sure of their own type : 1 ) were you always completely sure of your type or did it take you awhile to arrive at it i first took some online tests and the ' type ... i'm not really . my mind wanders . i do try though . e . it's about respect . if i respect what you're doing and you treat me with respect , then your authority is ok . but yeah , i've had issues with most authority figures in my life : parents , teachers , ... hi , i was wondering about other people's interactions with other infps in real life . what happened ? how did you know they were infp ? did you just hit it off or both clam up ? e . does anyone else sometimes feel anger or hurt so intensely it just needs to get out , somehow ? like , it almost feels like something physical that needs to exit the body ? like throwing or hitting ... been there and it ruined five years of my life . i was always wanting more and he wasn't prepared to give it . my best friend is infj , as is another one of my friends . another good friend is esfj although i find too much of her wears me out , small doses are better . another friend is entj . those are the ones i ... i keep reading on here that infps generally like hugs and are quite touchyfeely . i really don't like hugs , even off people i know well and i need my own personal space . are there anymore of ... william blake . don't be deceived by its apparent simplicity . depression manifests itself differently in everyone . it's not a list of symptoms . i think infps may be more pre-disposed to suffer from depression than some other types . it's that introverted ... i despise such attitudes . i am not an infp and i am not very infp . i am introverted , intuitive , feeling , perceiving . i know what i am good at but i also know what i need to work at . some things i ... i think the online tests may throw up your type but i wouldn't count on it . i've always tested infp . the first time i came across mbti was when i was 23 , i read up a lot on the types and reading ... that's what i always think . how boring not to be like us ;-) never , ever bored . the arts , libraries , museums , design studios , all need managers . if you love what you manage and believe in what you are leading your team in , then infps can excel at it . i agree that managers in the ... does anyone else think that the origins of ' emo ' and the music may have developed originally from nfs , perhaps even infps ? but then it just caught on as a ' fad ' and people started behaving a ... bago i really enjoyed your last post . it's a fascinating insight and beautifully written . hi , first of all , please don't let any report define all of who you are . there are so many problems with tests to categorise people ( just look at all the mis-typed mbti people around ); sure , use ... who wouldn't want to be one ? how boring would it be ? as long as you're not self-pitying and blame your ' type ' for how you are without striving to be the best you can be , then i'd say infp is the ... i was in a terrible relationship for a long time with an enfp . really knew how to push my buttons and enjoyed it . and how awful would it be if we weren't ? :-) ! ! ! the internet suits the way my brain works . i can be watching something on the computer and it makes me think of something so i can quickly pause whatever i am watching and look something up on ... i think the qualities that are considered ' emo ' or ' scene ' lend themselves to infps in some respects , however because the ' scene ' is considered ' cool ' by some , i've often wondered if some of these ... i'm new to cognitive functions and i see myself very clearly in fi and ne . in my job i have had to consciously develop te ( without realising what i was doing because i didn't know about cognitive ... i think i like infjs because they're similar to what i'm comfortable with about myself but they are different in ways i strive to be . i love infjs , well i mean the ones i know , as two of my closest friends type as infj and a new colleague who i hit it off straight away with also is . so here's a little wave * waves * i keep hearing ... lol . he probably is . i catch myself reading too much into what people say and do all the time . i completely agree with all of this . i've been called cold and snobby . the other infp i know has been referred to as cold and ' stern ' by other people i know . although i didn't find her stern or cold ... '