' my grandma is such an exaggerator . if she doesn't hear from me in a week , she'll say it's been a month . if she called three times on a wednesday , she'll say she called three days in a row . then , ... pfft . you don't need any fashion advice wore this 719065 with these earrings 719073 i'm interested , but i wear the same black pants with a revolving door of shirts sweaters and jackets . : laughing : basically . it's funny how folks that complain about this and the death of free speech by the fascist libruls somehow forget the definition of free speech , that if you work for someone else , ... meh . people assume i'm a bitch just by looking at me , so that's nothing new . i used to be bossy only with close friends and colleagues . somehow i've found myself practicing the golden rule and ... man .. i was going to write up this long conversation i had with a tourist couple from new zealand but am too lazy to do it . suffice it to say , i'm good with accents , the wife was in la-la land and ... i don't easily drop people that i really care about and have invested serious time into . there have been plenty of relationships that have hit a rough patch where i felt i owed the friendship , ... the anti-pc / special snowflake crowd agrees with you re : sensitivity to jokes unless the joke is on them . : rolleyes : i wouldn't be so quick to draw the conclusion you made . from my view , making a ... ma friend's a graphic designer . she hates her job mainly because it doesn't challenge her and she prefers to be her own boss . hopefully she starts her own consulting business like she wants to soon . being introverted doesn't automatically mean you're considered a loser . the loser tag was given to quiet , passive and ugly nerdy kids with little to no friends that spent most of their time in ... there are plenty of cultures still have kings , rulers , tribe / community leaders , etc with populations that aren't so diverse . and really , you can't choose one type to rule all as the kind of ... tourists that stop on the sidewalk to take a photo of a luxury brand storefront , or worse , those shirtless abercrombie guys unnecessary intrusion willful ignorance even in the face of correction ... files on my computer are pretty basic , but they're always up to date and are cleaned of excess at least once every two months . i try to keep my desktop as clean as possible too . whenever too much ... yes ! it's either a restless feeling that leaves me wanting to physically relocate to another city or a gotta get away feeling where i travel a short distance and / or go for a very long walk or get ... it isn't personal . if i want to talk to them badly , then i can call . if they don't answer then whatever ~ . i assume that whatever they have going on has very little to do with me . they'll come around ... work-related niceties are for sure . i almost made a dirty joke about poles heh right . although , it's rather fitting that men [ and women ] whose sole desires seem to be getting laid and winning would develop their strategies by mirroring distressed animals . it's kind of ... yeah , snape is an obvious one , but dumbledore has long been thought to be as well , possibly on the border of fj . while he was largely nice about it , he was pretty machiavellian with regard to ... every single conversation we have circles back to his victimhood . if he doesn't talk about how much he hates his job , he talks about how much he hates the dnc / obama , then it's back to hating the ... haven't seen an episode of sherlock , so i don't have an answer for that . i typically gravitate towards characters that could fit intj stereotypes . fortunately [ or unfortunately ] , fictional ... do you care where se / si falls ? thinking of se alone , sex is the only time i'm aware of my body as a whole . prefer going with the flow as opposed to an elaborate set-up like role playing , costumes , ... focus and self-discipline , which usually involves restraint of some sort , are two different things . hyper focus is easy while self-discipline takes a bit of work and mental gymnastics . i have to ... more like since rated r , tbqh . i don't listen to the radio , so when i heard a coworker blasting this song in his office , i thought he was having a spout of nostalgia , jamming out to maria maria . gotcha . yep , best to move on . i hope you continue to enjoy the venue whether the ex is there or not . revenge is best served passively aggressively with these types , especially if the breakup didn't happen on their terms . my guess at his reasoning - from experience - is to see if you still care or ... lots of people can be intimidated by beautiful and intellectual women , not just men or men of a particular type . most of them will deny it , so the question should have been worded to avoid potential ... i prefer for enfps to leave me alone . if i'm going to hop on the nf-train again , it'll likely be xnfj . anyway , in case you're still checking this thread for an answer : all but one of the six ... spent the day at the monastery attempting to meditate and shooting . it's been five months since i practiced and it showed . my arms were screaming by the time we sat down for lunch . but that was ok , ... mild . i can visualize scenarios , things and people but it's usually translucent and short-lived . the focus is on impressions of the situation rather than what the visual looks like , if that makes ... usually i hang out with older , courteous people so this rarely happens , but i can't stand it when it does . it's so rude to whip out your phone in the middle of dinner or some other event if you ... i agree to an extent . everyone is hypocritical and our behaviors , both negative and positive , exist on a spectrum . it would be pretty difficult to hate any behavior without the person exhibiting said ... no , not interviews , but i do imagine scenarios and think out what i would do if a , b or c happened . i may have learned not to speak out loud because of my dad [ istj ] . he used to do this out loud ... in fiction , the bad guy that wants to cleanse the earth of humanity almost always has my vote . like seymour from ffx , gendo ikari from evangelion or keanu's klaatu : blushed : in real life , ... no . the only real burst of paranoia i had was when i thought the government was monitoring my youtube history after watching six hours of lectures on reptilian aliens masquerading as political ... mbti is a theory while the social hierarchy of wolves in the wild are observable facts . the only time facts are dismissive is when they dispel erroneous beliefs . these facts show that the a / b ... sounds like you suffered through trauma or a moderate emotional upset at least . meh . thought about becoming a domme for the money only , but i find humiliation distasteful and even more so when coupled with sex . bdsm ain't for this intj . for the past 10 years i've chosen ' learn to be more tactful ' as my new years ' resolution . the only tact i've gained is the art of pointed silence and the singular brow raise . my first instinct is to ... no , there is no connection between type and favorite musical genre . anyway , my dad used to be a dj . his favorite genres are funk , early hip hop (8 0s - mid 90s ) and classic r & b . yeah , i recognize them all except # 1 and #10 ... could be the way they're worded . are you asking us to verify our preferences against your man's and then give you a recommendation on whether or not ... i let a lot of things go simply because most issues aren't worth wasting the energy required to argue . what is it about and who's involved ? these are questions i would ask . if it's something ... - amazing how effective being inclusive can be - i haven't seen this guy smile so brightly towards me before in all the years i've known him . - mad that that's all it took , wtf - all he wanted was ... pon : aw i love those glasses . enfj : thanks ! i bought them for myself when i graduated college . pon : they're cute . enfj : yeah , they're calvin klein that's why they were a gift . and they're ... by the third definition , sure . but , this slang word was created by straight men who can't fathom that another straight man would be nice to a woman without the aim of getting into her pants ... funny , but you're right in a way . simp : courtesy of ud . simp for most women = a gentleman , but from an angry-man-on-the-internet pov , simping is the worst sin a man could commit . sidenote , ... visit the things that make x's laugh threads to get an idea . left and right by a different name . humans are tribal creatures that cannot help but to see those who hold opposing views as the hostile other . no amount of rebranding will change it . and cuck ... keep them to myself , usually . i only talk about them if someone asks . this typically comes up if they notice something in my possession , like my violin or an archer's glove . i'll talk about those ... it's normal for me . my best friend is an infj and she used to hate this when we were in high school . she would probably hear from me every couple of months if we weren't in the same english class . ... '