' the phenomena mentioned above is because of a defense mechanism known as reaction formation . so if and when an nt ... [ focuses ] mainly on the negative aspects of our feeling nature and view it as ... ire : the michael mann masterpiece known simply as heat . dancing mad by nobuo uematsu . the exemplar of an enfp villain and / or villainess is none other than kefka palazzo from final fantasy vi : 371170 kefka is ( arguably ) the embodiment of the ... ... or ever sj i've ever encountered in my lifetime . 75856 doug ross : enfp gone bad from season 1 , episode 1 to season 3 , episode 4 of e . r . your actions carry consequences , doug , carol said . wha ... ? doug replied . doug ross ( from e . r . ) . a reminder that even catalysts can be action heroes and have incredible jaw lines ! i . preliminary 1 . when i refer to the word ' temperament ' i am referring to this temperament theory . 2 . my underlying assumption is that the above temperament theory is a helpful theoretical ... dr . steve brule . here are your references : dr . brule's digestion problems - tim and eric awesome show great job ! - adult swim video living with dr . steve brule . - tim and eric awesome show ... someone understands what it's like to be a ni user after all . we can agree to disagree at this juncture . you've given me a lot to reflect on considering the fact i love star trek : deep space 9 and sisko's complicated personality ( as evidenced by our ... i disagree . i felt since the first episode of deep space 9 sisko was more bent toward xnfj . the development was in his ti and se as the the bajor conflict escalated and the dominion war progressed ... from from hartzler & hartzler's functions of type : 1 . use your emotions to identify what is important , your deeply held values , 2 . examine what is important to you , 3 . examine universal values , ... this is incorrect , and here is why : 1 . sisko emerged more as an xnfj as the series progressed . see episodes such as rapture and what you leave behind , which illustrate how sisko aspires to be ... from from hartzler & hartzler's functions of type : 1 . define the scope of a problem , 2 . set measurable goals , 3 . determine priorities , 4 . logically order events , 5 . use logical and concise ... i agree with your assessment . clearly the most exemplary entj there ever was ... eric cartman . this is why . here is my reasoning . prince is an infp . all infps are prince . all infps are the coolest people ever . ' cause ... jared is an xstp . lily is , as you said , an infp . i win ! but you may have a well-developed extraverted thinking ( te ) like myself . i agree . i find the xxsp stereotypes to be as equally stupid as the enfp stereotype i referred to . i feel quite the same . a close friend of mine compared me to a pit bull . there is this truly aggravating stereotype people who are casually acquainted with type have about enfps . it is a stereotype that so pervasive that i thought i wasn't an enfp because i wasn't that ... this is the same for me as well . how far i've come . why is this not in the article section yet ? ! thank you for sharing this ! thank you for sharing this ! this is truly insightful and helpful ! i want to ask this : do your friends and casual acquaintances describe you as ' weird ' ? and by ' weird ' i mean ' unusual ' or ' quirky ' . the phrases : [ superunknownvortex ] you're too much ... i found that as short as this video was it nevertheless was enlightening and helpful ! enjoy ! simply wanted to say that dr . julian bashir from star trek : deep space 9 is perhaps one of the finest infp characters i'd ever seen and you'd ever find . and that is hard to come by ! so here is ... perhaps because my auxiliary function is introverted feeling ( fi ) instead of introverted thinking ( ti ) ... ? ed : [ xntp ] al : [ xnfp ] mustang : [ entj ] armstrong : [ esfj ] hawkeye : istj winry : [ isfp ] teacher : [ inxj ] hughes : [ enfp ] prostitution should be legalized in the united states . i've been so busy with work and studying that i've haven't made out in a while . which bothers me ... ='( but i do remember times when i made out simply because it felt so , as you described , ... oh my god i identify with this so much ! =) when i've coupled the clifton 2.0 strengthsfinder results with , say , other personality inventories ( ex . , the mmdi ) , i've feel more confidant in pursuing a career in the mental health profession ... i've discovered through more counseling and personal introspection and research that i'm more or less an enfp , but regardless i do still have a ' busy ' mind and body . and i most likely i have either ... esxp because [ they're ] more likely to sexually assault you . [ disclaimer : humor ] oh , gryffindor . i think nts masturbate themselves when they think they some god ( awful ) sociopath ( etic ) robot . oh , i'm so awesome because i'm so smart and everybody should worship me . it's like i feel their ... yes . you've caught on . i think i'm quite yummy . opps ... thought you were spreading good will and love to everyone . or hatred in a reaction formation . or both . wasn't sure . but now i'm clear . i ... you are lying . you don't even know me . by the way , i'm doing this for fun and because i've enjoyed the television series ' parks and recreation ' . leslie knope : enfj , e1 tom haverford : estp , e3 ann perkins : esfj , e9 ron swanson : ... electric guitar > every other damn instrument . youtube - mudvayne - the patient mental mudvayne - patient mental thankfully , my young adulthood is more so like ! youtube - prince - i would die 4 u / baby i'm a star ( movie version ) prince ... beautifully said and advice that is quite sound ( from my experience that is ! ) for all of us who are frequent fe users . :) i'm curious : what type would you suggest for eisenhower ? i don't know how to describe this thread . first , the definition : the process of extraverted feeling often involves a desire to connect with ( or disconnect from ) others and is often evidenced by ... thank you for sharing ! i plan to hopefully go to medical school within the next two years , and this ' guide ' seems to be quite helpful ! '