' i like that you are kind , as infj i find that i love you all easily , its so natural to fit next to you and relax , enjoy time and not feel like i have to do things such as hold hands , and other social ... i found that when this happens it may be that there is something seriously upsetting him , and he is laying out hints and you just are glazing over the top of them ( actully pretty normal their hints ... i am truly curious about this as well , me and a enfj i know are in the same place , though i still love him , and he appears to have feelings for me , i wonder if the possibility is there ... i find it varies , depending on my moods . i am genreally a 50/50 because i beleive that it takes two to make it good . so i'll lead a little and then let them lead a little . its the best way to find ... i can understand , we are fairly resilient . i mean honestly we tough it out through so much crap . i personally don't care what they've done , if i love them i always keep trying even though it makes me ... i am an enfp and i love dreaming ! ! ! i cant stand it when people tell me to stop living like everything will work out ... i've only found one person i can't read and easily understand what he is thinking ... and oddly its this fact that made me love him .. but he always said i was mysterious and he ended up pushing me ... it happens , i have deve 3loped said wall already , and it ruined the best love i ever had because i became to afraid to let him past the wall ... i seriously dont recomend it ... or my least favorite , i always feel like your hididng something . i wouldnt say i display my anger , most of it genrally stays internalized . but only when i am deeply hurt by someone i love and feel so defensless i cant protect my self , do i actully go into a ... why are eggs yellowish inside i hope for nothings , and am still disappointed . yes i find i have been hurt badly because i don't give up on people and i'm a very all or nothing person . i either don't care at all or i care far ... what were you thinking ! ? ! ? ! i wonder if my tarantula has feelings and if i hurt them by being afraid of her the whole first month i was given her ? maybe that is why she chases me through the living room ... i think the true questions is , as opposed to do we care more what others think or do we let what others think stop us ? don't mistake confrontations with assertive ... i hate fighting unless i feel the definite need to do so ... but assertive . letting my thoughts be known ? yes i do that every time i speak .. =-P we were ... hahah reading others is easy , figuring out motives , behavioral patterns , reasoning's , etc .. but somehow i can never convey myself to them in return ... so maybe its more of a curse than a gift . you ... i think it may be unusual for my typing , but i find i always feel disconnected from others around me . so when i never get a response from my shy attempts at communication i get quiet discouraged ... i ... i always result in being a chaotic neutral ... in d & d and especially in life hahahah ironic why does this thread scare you ? i would not take it to hard , even well developed enfp's tend to walk away from overly one sided relationships . me personally , when i feel that they have figured things out or learned what they need , ... i am an enfp and i can never keep track of anything 0 . o i use a really wide sense for humor mostly described as morbid / positive . anything goes unless it is mean . i do tend to blurt sarcastic or stupid humor a lot though ... so that may play into a good ... i understand easily the flare and boredom that brings on fwb , but honestly it's just no good for me without the extreme connections . but i'm extremely picky ... i have had the whole fwb but it was so ... hahaha i seldom allow myself to become angry in public but when i do ... i'd run , i'm like hell on two pretty stilettos , and it's not a pretty hell . i can saddly garentee that . i would id give anything to have him back . i think of him all the time and honestly it kills me thinking he may not think of me at all ... but i was so concerned with protecting myself he pushed me ... i found dating an infj to be ridiculous , he was super insecure and as such he ended up pushing me away , ( not saying theyre all like this ) so i find that it could be amazing , as long as you find a ... thank you ! arg i am so sick of the typical enfp ... like are you serious .. i cant for the life of me figure out why i keep aquiering that result .. i identify much more with the descriptions for an ... im in agreeance , i find i identify more with an enfj , though i do have a sense of emotions . but as far as being open and such , im not .. im fairly difficult to get me to let another into my inner ... you have no idea how happy this makes me (= thank you , im so used to infjs and such pointing out our flaws , like unpredictable = untrustable .. do you know how much it hurts having somone question my ... ive taken several cognitive skills test and mbti tests and keep getting enfp . occasionaly an unclear as such .. enfp extravert ( 44 % ) intuitive ( 50 % ) feeling ( 38 % ) perceiving ( 11 ) % ... i dated two of them , its accurate .. they have a uniqe way of shocking you when they finally decide to talk .. i dated two of them , its accurate .. they have a uniqe way of shocking you when they finally decide to talk .. i agree with shakti , ive been having that huge problem as well . im stuck between enfp and enfj , again depending on my mood i come up as either one frequently . i find i fit alot of the different ... possibly i am fairly irrational in my choice of actions : tongue : quiet awful truly . i over analyze evvverything i feel hurt and betrayed and im not sure why but i keep hoping for some ungodly impossibility that my infj ( now ex ) boyfriend will come back and say he loves me still . he started off so sweet and ... yeah tell me about it .. i fell for an infj and he was amazing and convinced me to date him ( keep in mind i dont do romantic relations ... i cant bear loosing people i care about .. im alll or nothing ... i have to ask . is it such a bad mix ? im an enfj ( my scores below ) and i am very good at perception ... i recently fell in love with a infj but we ended up breaking up . i still want to know if there is ... i had a great realtionship with an infj , in the way that in the beggining he was sweet and kind and over time he grew more mean and kept pushing me away , due to the fact that he was a highly negative ... i would have to agree , the irrationality claimed as intuition made things hard , as well as the interesting mood / persona changes ... though i keep ending up with infjs =/ what happens when the infj is so afraid of their own insecurities and fears that they push you away and give up ? why would he do that ? we both came from abusive type relationships with exs and ... its not a matter of how to approach , the effort alone is worth the come commendation , and help them ? i fail to see why you would need to . you should look for one who is of a stable mind set . no help ... dear infj boy i wanted to let you into my world because when we met there was such a sadness in your eyes , and i know i should not date with the intent of helping others , but i did . you ... the point is there , just describe yourself in a confident and open way =p maybe you are a sexy ninja beast '