' personally i lean towards healer and shaman . i guess i would tend to lean towards guardian of the two you mentioned but honestly i'm not really sure what that entails . hello maximl , i'm not sure how much help i can be in terms of your personal type because i don't know you that well , but what i can offer is my own experience in navigating this dilemma . that said - ... i find 4s to be appealing friends . i love that they are interested in the depths of who they are and that they want to express it . they help me feel able to talk more freely and frankly about my ... mox | i | ve i feel eh about this scale ... i think isfjs inherently see what a lot of others don't . isfjs are good at seeing / understanding behavior and at understanding how people may be impacted by that behavior . many other types don't see ... haha ok glad to hear it ! ! i appreciate your hope in my confidence ! ! :) 6w7 - 9w8 - 2w3 soc / sx 47 % infp 23 % infj 13 % isfp isn't it ? he feels uncomfortable with it too but he's much better at compartmentalizing and seems to be able to just not worry about it . he's a teacher and also feels concerned for the child , but ... i asked sp / so husband about his perspective this morning . he related something like this - - he feels strongly , but not intensely . he doesn't really get obsessions that make him single-minded , ... maybe i wasn't clear ? the isfp husband was at the table while she did the strange perfume thing . he seemed bored but otherwise unperturbed . anyway , yes , i'm closer to the isfp . i don't hate the estj ; ... thanks , santa gloss , i really appreciate these suggestions . i feel so torn about the drive to protect the child versus the drive to keep to myself and preserve my husband's friendship . these sound ... oh no ! i'm sorry ! i love your adorable puffin amongst the flowers . also , hello , fellow infp hufflepuff , glad to meet another too :p roud : absolutely ! will you tell me the secret to how you make your profile disappear ? :) 712977 hello perc friends , i could use some advice in regards to a friendship situation . my husband ( isfj ) and i are friends with an isfp and his estj wife . we all get together periodically , and we ... this was a post made with poor judgment . am revoking . apologies . not my one above , though , i still am fond enough of that . at least that point has sarcastic value . you know , interracial marriage is also genocide of people with eye problems associated with light colored eyes . and sunburn and higher rates of skin cancer . and cystic fibrosis . fight the good fight ... people who feel like they should be the judge of what is right for everyone . legal . the amount of resources wasted on tracking down marijuana-related crime ... ! it would make more sense and save more lives to criminalize alcohol . i'm not after that , but it certainly doesn't ... potentials include him being a non-traditional sexuality , him being asexual or having low drive naturally , him being currently sick or stressed , him being mentally hung up on a sex issue that's ... oh ! glad to help . i remember being happy to learn it a while back myself . and thanks ! i thought so too . i too share your sentiment ... not sure i really belong in this thread ( i do apologize if ... enneatype is a deep-rooted defense mechanism that is your mind's way of protecting you from harm - buried so far in your unconscious that you are unlikely to even immediately see it for what it is , ... yes . i had a more masculine looking avatar on another website where gender wasn't clearly indicated and i got addressed as a male frequently . i also echo that my avatar influences the way i ... and that is why i have an isxj partner :p roud : mine too . most people just assume . a friend ( also an infp ? ? ? ) once even spoke at length to me about being part of the oppression , which was a bit uncomfortable because she never asked my orientation ... i do present some vulnerability but it's intentionally hand-selected by me . i am choosy about who i reveal my deepest anxieties to . i do not like feeling incompetent and i would almost always prefer ... i wonder , but i don't dwell on it . i don't see any point . i'll find out when i get there . i feel like it is more important to cherish their company now . asd 456 , in the beginning , when 9 and i were dating , we typically texted daily , but with both of us being introverts , it wasn't unheard of for one of us to drop out of communication for a couple ... the way my si-dom , sp-dom explained si to me is like when you walk into an old building and can see the details in the architecture and in the cracked floors that indicate things about the lives that ... lol this is so true . also probably the best way to spot us . we can look like everything else under the sun otherwise . personally i just learned a good college friend of mine identifies as a 6 ... well thanks intp chickin friend . i like you too . i like that cat also . what a cutie . i really appreciate especially how this was very sweet and unexpected but also grounded and rational in intp ... yes . again , i don't feel like you deserve it - it's money someone's choosing to give you - but you might as well fight for it . i'd email the scholarship manager again ( politely ) as well . you never ... i had a boss who was an istj 9w1 a couple of years ago . we didn't get along at first . he thought that i was a messy rule-breaker ( somewhat true ) and i thought that he constantly missed the forest for ... i generally dislike this question as well , fwiw . if a person is close enough to me to realize something is very wrong , i'd rather them try to comfort me in a way they know works - a hug , distracting ... i think my esfp friend's girlfriend is isfj . i'm a little nervous about it for a lot of reasons but i do want to have them someday . i only really get bored when i'm stuck with tasks i don't want to do . my problem is less finding ways to entertain myself and more forcing my way through the tasks . upbeat music , friends / family ... it's sp ... yes ... i care about it in theory ... but most of the time i feel like i spend my energy on the others and don't really have energy any left for it . when i do sp-oriented actions it tends to ... i would call / email the registrar instead , actually . they will be able to confirm if they have your grades or not , and they may be able to help with obtaining them if they don't . i think college is undervalued for the education it provides and overvalued as a career launchpad . for some reason at least in the us we're shooting kids straight from high school to college like ... ime if you hate a person , whatever it is you hate in them resonates especially strongly with you for some reason . it doesn't mean you necessarily share that same trait , but it means that for whatever ... my parents have a bathroom that is t-shaped , with a hallway that leads to two sinks , a countertop space between them , and then a jacuzzi tub and small room with a toilet and shower stall on either ... 1 . what is your type ? infp 2 . what kind of features do you think makes a male attractive ( personality-wise ) ? amiable , decisive , rational , laid-back , adventurous , responsible , conscientious , ... mm . there are good points that can be made about how the educational system ( at least in the states ) is failing young men but imo it has a lot more to do with unrealistic behavioral expectations of ... i think always err to the side of thanking too much than too little . and i know personally i am always appreciative of thank you replies at work even though i sort through tons of emails - it's just ... oh . i also comment on a perfume forum and i thought for a minute you were talking about lancome hypnose . it's a funny powdery-creamy vanilla-fruity scent - kind of like those old push-up ice cream ... i don't really think of this stuff in terms of rights . it doesn't really matter . it sounds like you have the possibility of still getting it . fight for it as best you can . yeah . some people have a hard time regulating the boundary of when it's ok to stop giving . i'm not nearly as generous as some isfjs but i have it too . sometimes it's really hard to figure out how and ... i think people have a really hard time dealing with situations like that in general . i don't think they really intend to be assholes - they just think it's weird and frightening and they bristle as a ... it sounds like your sister has some emotional issues and you really dislike her . it's hard to really ascertain anything about her type . as others have said it's rare for infps to be overconfident and ... well , my husband is an isfj and i love how he is a combination of steady-reliable-practical and also sincere-private-sensitive . he's very warm and caring but also independent and responsible . he's a ... '