' yes man ! inspiring yet hilarious . now i think their is nothing wrong with solitude or relationships . a lot of people need some solitude to find themselves . in fact a lot of mystics and sages went off into solitude before they came ... first of all i know what you mean . comes back to the old phrases - looking for god in all the wrong places . looking for love in all the wrong places . i think what everything is looking for ... i think a lot of infps can be stuck in their heads . but just take some breaths and realise that a lot of this pasting conditioning ( stuff in your head ) has no reality . and all people ( not just ... i ain't no love doctor , but i think you are asking too much from another person . if too people are looking to each other to complete them , then this will always lead to a co-dependent relationship ... your ' gut ' feeling is the only guidance you should follow . we live in society where we've been raised to be people pleasers . thats when we begin to look outside for approval , guidance . and we start ... what has helped me a lot is to see the bigger picture of life and who i am . sometimes you have to drop old beliefs about who you ' think ' you are and what you ' think ' about life . law of attraction . if you think forever alone . you'll create forever alone . you think you don't deserve love . it shows in your physiology - your body posture , voice , eyes , words , actions . you repel ... seems like he has a self-worth on his mind . not accepting gifts , spotlight , compliments , love ... etc show him that he is worthy . let him know he is worthy . earn his trust - show him that you see something in him . show genuine interest in him - too much and you might scare him , too little and he might think you're not interested . balance . look into his ... ask eckhart tolle mentions , observation of space can be a spiritual experience ... when you look out into space on a clear night you will see the moon , stars , planets , the milky way etc . yes all ... feel the aliveness in nature , other people and yourself . go out into nature , go barefoot on grass / sand and really connect with nature . notice the essence and beauty in nature . stop , pause , look out ... when someone dishes out insult on another it's because they are feeling small inside and want to feel bigger . people who think they are superior or more ' normal ' than others really have a fear and ... i guess it's not going nomad . i guess everyone travels for their own reason and people do things differently . i personally would rather establish myself at home , have a foundation to bring with ... i think it's a great idea to set yourself up first before you travel . sounds good . i too would not like to be stuck washing dishes for money while i'm traveling . i'd rather be doing something i'm ... maybe we have sadness , hate , anger etc which causes suffering . then when we've had enough of these things we'll realise we are not these things . that everything is subjective and we chose ... social media can often get a bad rap . but it's like anything in life - it's how you use it . thanks for sharing your persecutives and stories . what is the meaning of life ? spirituality ( not so much religious stuff ) , esoteric , metaphysical books are my favourite . autobiographies as well . yes i used to always think of either packing up and hitting the road or moving to another city.but i figured i should not be trying to ' run-away ' . seems like when people say they are finding ... i've got a few of millman's books . used to read all night and fall asleep with them lol . which autobiographies have read ? as others said . i'd cut ties with her . i've dealt with many angry customers in the past . i find that not playing their games of crapping on each other worked the best for me . whenever someone ... being aware of the negative self talk is the first step . this negative self that may be combination of many factors tied to past events and anticipation of the future . when you catch your thoughts ... yes india sounds like an experience ( although i don't believe renunciation is essential lol ) . and yeah i do feel when i re-watch a movie or reread a book that i pick up things i didn't notice ... there is a misconception that ' spiritual ' people should renounce all possessions and live in a cave on a mountain or something like that ... i think this comes from the ' belief ' that money is ' evil ' , ... i've watched the film a while ago . would like to see it again . did u renounce all your possessions and go to india after you watched it ? you are my hero . we need more people like you in this world ! try some simple exercises like deep breathing , focusing on your breath . just one deep breath can get you tuned back in . also cut down on tv and video games - the rapid changes in picture require your ... hi guys . please share you most inspirational movies , songs , music , videos , tv shows , youtube clips , vlogs , blogs , stories , books , articles , anything . and how has it inspired you ... this is a ... i don't know where this thread is going - there's far too many posts . but these are my questions about popular religions particularly christianity . - why is it that women are not allowed to ... i think its is displaced responsibility as well as initial shock . i usually take a couple of deep breaths , then take action or no-action accordingly ( sometimes no action is needed ) . i feel that ... you must be the change you wish to see in the world mahatma ghandi a good leader is some who says i'll go first . in saying that i beleive it's more important how you do things as opposed to ... a girl who understands me . im in the middle of transitioning from a mind numbing sales position job . i too feel like the conventional 9-5 boring ass job is not for me . just remember there are many options out there in terms ... i grew up without any religious beliefs imposed on me . my people have no religion , only cultural beliefs and the concept of a higher power . nothing else beyond that . in my late teens i joined at ... don't know what my parents types are . however my dads very similar to me . i used to have clashes with my older brother in my teens , probably just ego clashes . cause now we get along great . as ... yes i used to daydream about saving the world . i love x-men first class - how the charles and erik gather the mutants to save the world . and that scene where erik is about to leave and charles says ... the damsel in distress ? ? yeah when i decided to look for a job that was meaningful the first thing i did was a search on seek ( job search webpage ) in the categories of community services , education system and healthcare . ... hello , life direction has also been a roller coaster for me but things are a lot clearer to me now . first of all college isn't for everyone . i spent 3.5 years in university and i didn't like ... like laeona said .. focus on the journey ( whatever you are doing , whereever you are , ) not the destination ( end results , gaining sonething ) for eg , meditation and yoga - people may say they want ... you will find creativity when you make room for the presence in your life . this presence / alertness will help creativity flow , like when athletes get into the zone . so like when athletes do a warm ... i feel this with my cat . if my cat is outside and i am inside my cat seems to know which room i'm in then comes to that window and tries to get my attention ( usually if he's hungry lol ) . even if i'm ... i think animals are highly intuitive , sensitive and very in-tune with life because they don't have constant useless thoughts running in their minds like many of us do . so i think animals can look ... they say man made god in mans image . when i heard this i just laughed inside ... people have given god a form , a gender , a name , needs , a temper , a jealous streak , an ego etc ... the latest song that resonates with me is - fighter - gym class heroes but other songs that i resonate with are : p . y . t - we're dancing lost prophets - rooftops hero - mariah carey to me its another moment . to enjoy . to breathe and enjoy . i do look into the past . but i don't want to live there . and i do set goals for the future but i also don't live there either . doing my ... even though i was kind of girly growing up i also had masculine traits . a fascination with ' dangerous ' animals - school projects were always done on sharks , bears , lions etc . pro-wrestling was my ... i know i'm like a year late . but i know where you're coming from . i have been considered feminine as a young child . i like to dance , cried alot lol , played with my sisters , etc . during my ... '