professionally diagnosed with adhd combined as a child , but over the years the hyperactivity is all but gone . i am primarily inattentive with impulsive tendencies . superuseless superpowers 46296 i'm thinking ... having an intj mentor , when you are a growing intj , is possibly the best thing that's happened to me this decade . i highly recommend it . one of my favorite ridiculous jokes : me : ask me if i'm a dump-truck ! them : are you a dump-truck ? me : no . when said with a straight face , their puzzled reactions never cease to amuse me . this . 10char i prefer infps over enfps . easily . well yeah , i - get - that . it's just pointless ... virtual items serve what purpose exactly ? knowing i'm sick but not having conclusive enough symptoms for self-diagnosis . > < then next thing you know you'll have bought the book ... then after that , the sequel ... david thorne your birthday is coming up ... and rather than having a normal teenage girl party , you invite two of your closest friends to go to a bookstore with you . oh yes . 10char when i was a kid , i thought i was different from everyone else and that no one would ever understand me . ( my mom and older sister were both esfjs . ) when i discovered the mtbi , and the intjs , ... assuming ' mask ' is a fake identity in place of your real one ... i would say about 1-5 a day , depending on how much time is spent in public . at home , naturally , i hardly ever wear masks . in ... debating the ' role of the female ' with istj friend ... what a way to start the day . when you over-think everything . ( sometimes i wish i could have a break from the constancy of the over-thinking and analyzing and pondering ... ) from the enfps . i saw this thread again today , and it has sparked the question . what exactly makes us so scary ? what types do you think we would scare the most ? which type do you think is the ' scariest ' ? i think you guys are awesome . jus ' saying . allow me to enlighten you all ... best wasted 10 minutes today . this intj is having a down day . watch out world ... yay random wtf pictures with wordplay ! i sometimes feel sociopathic ... then realize i'm way too cuddly . * hugs * you don't . it's all a figment of your imagination . i wish i always knew what was the right thing to do . i want a copper hearse i shall name ' ambergheist . ' oh yeah . you know what ? you'll probably smack me for this . i'll almost certainly get punished by the intj enforcers . but screw it , i'm tired and insane . * hug * for me personally , anyone seeking to ' meet an intj woman ' isn't someone i'd really be interested in . there would be too much pressure to be the stereotypical ' intj ' and not be me . also , dating ... i'm the one who looks out of place , but seems completely at ease sitting on the floor in the non-fiction section of the library , with a pile of books about various topics and never really staying too ... should i change my username to something more fitting and meaningful ( i put no thought into memyselfandi , i just wanted to sign up quickly . ) , and if yes , how the heck do i do that ? * random hugs * yup ! i also have random bouts where my fi goes on steroids . i get extremely cuddly and am drawn to infps . you guys have got to be kidding me ... * turns intangibility switch on her robot body * bars are no problem now ... ;) like me , you mean ? xd 3 . i scored a frakking three . i kinda feel like i just won . you become one of those narcissistic jerks who is convinced they are the only one who is ever right . now everyone hates you . i wish i could understand my emotions . in other news , my family is made up of jerks . i'm about to go riding an atv and they're telling me all the stories they can think of about people they knew who died on atvs . > < i'm driving ... update for anyone whose read about my emotionless reaction to my grandfather's death : its all over now . i went to the wake , looked at the body ( which they did an awful job on , he didn't look like ... my grandfather just died ... and i feel fine . i loved him dearly , but we weren't all that close ... and i don't feel anything . its probably just an emotionless reaction ... i feel so heartless . ... the band-aid appears ... but it's too big to move and smothers the majority of the population of oregon . i wish i could fully understand death . ( and whoever says ' dying should help that ' loses ... then get off your computer and do what you need to be doing ! i wish i was wittier . i wish einstein would follow the thread rules . dead dogs wont have breath at all . i wish i was on a better sleep schedule . this is about how my big endeavors usually go . you become a weiner ... but not the edible kind . i wish i had a best friend . i is abomination ? but .. but i offered to hug you ... yes , intj's are terrifying ... i mean , i'm being held hostage by the intj men . ( mostly a protective measure against the enfps ... ) if you come into our forum , we may bite you ... but while i'm ...