' wonderful post ... thank you rouge . that was me ... walking on eggshells trying to keep dad happy and if he wasn't it was invariably mine or my mother's fault . good observation . agreed ... this is something i learned to do in the past few years ... oh how i wish i always knew . i will say though , that is is easier said than done when you have been programmed your whole life to ... if i had to guess , i would say it is an e thing . i think even if an i was thinking of the word , s / he would be more likely to refrain from interrupting than an e . oh karl ... that was my giggle for the day ! : laughing : similar issue except with me , i wonder if anyone will see the connections between the character's experiences as children and how it effects them as adults and then how each chararter's story ties in ... enfj writer ... i have to use sheer force of will not to go back and edit . i am stuck right now because i am concerned about the complexity of my story line ... i will have to use force of will to get ... thanks , karl . it sounds like you know what i am talking about ... there was a lot of moping ... : confused : i went with trust is earned , but to expound ... i don't trust nor distrust anyone i don't know ( unless i get a very bad vibe ) . i try to take what people say at face value without putting much ... now there is something i can totally get . i wouldn't think you were a nut . i would think you are human and honest and i would totally respect you ! i do pretty much the same thing if i am not up to ... i am 50/50 on this one . i have had 4 significant relationships . 2 were easy to walk away from , 2 not so much . i think it may be because i am close to the line on everything but my n . i remember ... oh ! me ! me ! * raising hand * i am slightly fearful-avoidant . when i took the attachment style test ( which is here if anyone wants to take it ) , everything suddenly made sense - it was like a light ... i am very sorry to hear of your struggles . let me say first and foremost , i think it would be very helpful , as a matter-of-fact necessary , for you to seek the help of a professional . thinking about ... keep me posted miss ! feel free to send me a message if you ever need an enfjs perspective . good luck and all the best ! : laughing : happening to me too ... i keep getting locked up ... oh i get the irony of you getting advice from me :) but doesn't it stand to reason that i would be happy to help considering what you know about us enfj's you are right , that in a lot of ways , ... i think maybe if both the personalities are extreme , it is possible for it to be a disaster , otherwise i personally find it a nice compliment . i should mention that i am close to the line on all ... finding someone who is accepting and not judgemental is a rare and wonderful thing . do you think there is some chance that despite the fact he is accepting of you , it is you who fears once he knows ... enfj here who loves , loves most istps . but i agree we need some details . i have only met 2 other enfjs and one was completely off her rocker the other is not . like with any type some are great and ... be yourself ! ! ! i know that is so much easier said than done and i definitely sympathize with you . the real you will make himself known whether you want it or not over time ... and if you are dealing ... well , i would have to say that most of the stuff posted about enfjs is spot on ... at least when it comes to me :) although , i no longer have 5000 friends anymore , becuase as someone posted , ... that's basically it ... i do think that personality can change by first conciously changing how you behave and think . there has been quite a bit of debate about this among psychologist and obviously ... holy cow ! i just read this post ... i meant what he said ! : tongue : impressive knowledge ... way to put that brain to use ! i actually read a study about this as it relates to the five factor model . the study found that women typically become more introverted with age and men stay about the same . of course there is a ... i have to try to find the answer to everything including things i had no idea i was interested in until i saw a link on a webpage ... how the hell do you think i found you guys ! : crazy : disoriented ! i went through some difficult times that made me re-evaluate what is important to me . i think i have that figured out , but now i am having difficulty figuring out how to live this new ... well , i have to say that i have some similar issues on a much smaller scale as i have been in several long-term relationships . however , when i first become involved with someone , i find myself ... welcome ! i am an esfj fan ... looking forward to seeing you in the forums . well , i'm an enfj who used to be an enfp . i totally get what you are saying becuase i am working on improving my s . i am pretty close to the line on everything but my n . i am working on not ... thanks again for your responses . i will try to make a better effort to be patient , realizing that all people won't come around . i know that long-term it would be very difficult for me to ... thank you for your responses ! i've definitely thought of this and think that sometimes i may not give people enough of a chance ( time wise ) to trust me enough to come out of their shell . if ... let me start by saying that one of the reasons i joined this site is to gain insight and understanding of others . this question is one to gain understanding , not to criticize . please help me ... well , i am an enfj and just this past weekend , my former friend's boyfriend asked me to dinner becuase they are on the skids . i haven't talked to my former friend in 5 years , but as offsmack said , i ... i was married to an intj . he had a lot of good qualities ( why i married him ) , but his coldness and nit-picking about details ( i would clean the whole house and he would notice a glass in the sink ... that's hilarious ! yes , i am just curious to know if there are any similarities in my attachment style with other enfj's , whether or not there is a positive or negative correlation . either way , it ... this happens to me as well . i would imagine it would to most nfs . we are good at seeing the reasons behind people's actions and can provide insight that would be difficult for other types to see . ... my mother is an isfj and i don't know if regret is in her vocabulary . my mother is one of the most kind and steady people i know . she is 100 % loyal to her immeadeate family , but is completely ... well that's a pretty easy question to answer ... where to begin ? : laughing : i think the hardest thing for me is getting my feelings hurt . i know that often times it is just me being sensitive ... i ... thanks for your faith in my sanity : laughing : i am pretty close to the middle on everything except my n which i think helps to keep me from being nuts . i am working on developing my s as well . i ... after reading and replying to a thread in the enfp forum , i am curious to know if there are similarities in enfj attachment styles . attachment is how you connect to others in a romantic ... i was an enfp in my twenties , but now that i am in my thirties , i am an enfj . i have thought a lot about this particular subject and actually have done quite a bit of reading about it . here is ... just wanted to say hello . i am an enfj who has come here to learn more about myself while trying to gain some insight into other perrsonality types . love it so far ! awww shucks ... the feeling is mutual : laughing : that sounds very entj . my entj friend has little patience for people who think differently than her . she will accept a divergent opinion , but only if she respects the intellect of the person ... feeler here : tongue : i know this might sound crazy but what about finding one person you trust to talk through your emotions with ? i have a very good istp friend who calls when she is upset to get ... one of my closest ( and definitely most stable ) friendships is with an istp . i love her ! she is reliable , honest and funny . we were in the same circle of friends for a couple years before we got ... you have done a better job of describing what i sensed about them ( one in particular ) than i ever could . they don't admit they are sad becuase they shouldn't be ( stuffing their feelings ) and ... i can't get my quote option to work , so quote : this is an enormous challenge for me , and it's so true . my sister is an esfj as well , and whenever she tries to help me ( usually with more practical ... i used to think i was add , but recently i am of the belief that i am more ocd . there are two components to ocd - obsession and compulsion . i don't have the compulsive behaviors that most people ... i find this thread so interesting . i just posted to the enfj forum regarding my experiences dating infjs . i have dated two infjs and thought that both of them were two if the nicest guys i had ever ... '