yes . a whole lot . ni weaves a thread of information pulled from the bobbin of our thoughts and experiences . test your minds work against the blade of the world and don't worry if the tapestry falls apart . you can't change being introverted , but you can be less shy and more confident . those things you can change . infj's not necessarily , but i am and i'm an infj so ... correlation doesn't equal causality me . i make me feel smart  here you go experiences are subjective . if you pay attention to the things that move you then you can become closer with yourself . if you share an experience then you can become closer to other people even if ... i remember when logically i could not find a reason to live . ultimately everything ends and the meaning to all of our lives fade away . how impermanent we are and all we do is something that you ... i'm going to guess , but are you from out east ( u . s ) . i don't mind stopping and smelling the flowers , but when i feel like i could do more and someone ells holds me back that is irritating . my job is repetitive and mundane ... i make games and add stories to them . then people look at me like wtf you doing and i reply staying sane ... lol fine with me chai is delicious . if i came up to you and told you that everything you believe in has no ultimate meaning and that everything you value only has the value you give it , would you have coffee with me . that depends on you ... if i love you then i would give you what you need and what you need isn't the same for everyone . the absolute is a dangerous place for an infj because if we believe it down to our core , we will stop at nothing to see it come to fruition . my narcissism comes from wanting others to validate who i am because doing it myself brings me a lot of doubt . trusting myself is a hard thing to do . i place a high value in knowing someone . going to where they feel comfortable and to the places they enjoy helps me understand them better . if i do as someone says its because i trust them and if i ... at night when everyone is asleep my mind works better because i worry less . i always found my mind thinking about things when i try to sleep , but i enjoy it . i pull things together and when i'm ready ... type of person ... i'm an infj , but if your looking for something more meaning the individuals on this forum then you are getting in to the personal . that being said i'm blunt because i like honesty ... i'm doing what your friend is doing now . really you have to look at school as a stepping stone its not a end game . i don't really have goals and setting them just makes me spiral in to questioning ... a romantic partner that i met 2-3 years later after the dream ... yeah your main type is type 9 your variant stacking is sp / sx / so your level of health is very low , i . e . very unhealthy this particular question set was a little more negative than others i've taken what if i get everything i want ... then what let me see here . your saying that you feel a constant negative emotional trigger because the thing that caused it can happen again . if so then here are two options . if it is out of your control then ... the systems we as a society have built are meant to make our lives easier by presenting us with choices , but these systems can work against us . you have been labeled and now you are pushed aside by ... my drawing and music are all run of the mill and meh at times ... my day dreams are worlds that i create full of people and ideas that i don't commonly see in stories or movies and things . some times ... i just tell it like it is and people hit that button that makes me say your welcome . ok ... if there is free will then the meaning of life is to make a choice . i pulled away from my best friend ... validation happens when people say good things about you and you believe it , but it also happens when people trust you with how they feel . maybe your using others problems to validate yourself when ... case and point i always thought that moving on was forgetting or trying to tell myself that what happened isn't important because something better will come my way .. that always felt wrong . invalidating how i feel ... money gets you things and sharing things with people makes me happy . the things in and of them selves bring me no joy so relationships , people is what i wish for ... at the center you have the asexual and on either end your preference for men or women . like you slightly prefer men to women and vice versa . a couple of swingers told me there are some people in ... i used to go hid inside clothes racks and sing wheels on the bus goes round and round . i think this happened in a kmart if i recall . both , the romans had big gay orgies and since it was socially acceptable every one did it . i as a heterosexual am naturally attracted to women and when a i see a mans wang i'm meh . i have met people ... the intensity you feel is attraction which i myself feel and can't seem to think myself out of no matter how hard i try , but love is whats left after your feelings of attraction fade away . in a sense ... i often find myself thinking of how the world works . this leads to my theories and philosophies . with them i mapped the world and believed that i understood it . i know what ultimately everything ... at times i wonder how i came to this place ... longing for the world ... seeking some hope , but it's all bleak ... how did i get hear ... why won't it just ... the girl in the red suit . i work in an ice cream shop and sometimes i'm by myself . she walked in an came straight to our ghia ( thing that holds ice cream wonderment . ) she told me what she wanted and ... i feel pressure or pain on or in different parts of my body when i feel things . for instance if i try to believe something i don't actually agree with the i feel a pressure in my forehead which lets ... i think living in the future lets me have so many options and when i think about the now , i'm inhibited by reality . i'm afraid of not being prepared and by failing so the future where things haven't ... i once thought about having children . i started to imagine a loving wife and a daughter . i would help her when she would fall and play with her to make her smile . i would hold her up when she was ... i was in an infj infj relationship for a year . we were kind to each other , but at the same time a stern seeking to understand each other that will lead you to call out each others bull ! @ # $ . be ... when i first came to this forum and found like minded people , my world grew brighter . the feeling of being a black sheep dissipated little by little . self acceptance became visible right on the ... always looking for the right words the masks are just an image i found online . sounds bipolar ... course just a guess based on a wall of text ... sooo ... take that as you will . i enjoy my clarity to much to want to do drugs , but i have nothing against it . i don't like lying or hiding how i feel , but i always want to remember that i have warn these masks . the moon is pretty when you take the time to look at it . the shapes on the surface and the soul underneath all draw in the fools perplexed and intrigued by the swaying light . ask not the moon which ...