' i realized one day , that i have mostly dated and been considerably more attracted to sp's than other types . i have dated at least one person from each sp type , most often , they've been esfp . this ... i get where you're coming from . understand that this thread was me opening up my deepest , darkest , most shameful thoughts in a moment of needed venting , on a bad day where multiple things were piled ... true story , this is how i take criticism ( sometimes , it's not always quite this bad . ): my sort of boss , who also happens to be a really hot guy i went to high school with ( which only adds fuel to ... well every person has strengths and weaknesses . in mbti terms , we all have more developed functions and less developed functions . my main functions in order of strength are 1 . introverted feeling ... i just took a little blast from the past journey . i surfed through my oldest facebook pictures from about 8 years ago , the pictures start when i'm age 18 all the way through the present ( i'm 25 . ) i ... oops , i had meant to quote you . yes that's usually what i try to do . try to identify exactly what was bad about it . if you have someone around to talk and vent about it that's a big plus . vent about it with a beer , even better . don't ignore the bad day , because we ... i've always been jealous of enfj's energy and organizational skills . ( 2 things i wish i had a lot more of . ) all of the ones i've known have been very motivated and successful in their professional ... i have an intp female friend , and she was always a sarcastic little shit giver , especially when she liked a guy . only when she found a man who could match her sarcasm and wit and was unintimidated ... infp's . fi combined with ne , i can always tell when something is wrong with someone . i can tell by people watching across a room if the people on their first date are hitting it off or not . who is ... agreed here . i forgive easily , especially if the person gives a sincere apology . but violations of trust are not easily forgivable , and i will not trust nor want to be around that person again . perhaps a better wording would have been how do you overcome your depressive episodes or how do you get through the tougher times . i realize that depression is an ongoing illness but it seems to ... i had an amazing childhood . there aren't many moment of my earlier childhood that i remember feeling down , that is until about 5th grade . i remember the day clear as day , we were at a family ... you said it ! i even thought of that before i read yours . the details ! aanndd remembering details ! i get myself into trouble almost daily by forgetting to bring something , do somethings , clean ... well my sister is entp ( the only one i know really well ) she's extremely comfortable meeting new people and very good at getting people to like her . ( i enjoy letting her take over the social small ... my dad is intj , my mom is esfp , married 30 something years . from a logical standpoint , it's maybe not the most conflict free match . but they're older now , and have matured a lot , and the conflicts ... i agree that you need a mature infp . i will caution you about infp women , we have a very clear cut idea of what we want , and we tend to be looking for someone we could see ourselves marrying . i ... i'm an infp , and i have excellent hand eye coordination ! i don't believe that sensing necessarily gives one an advantage at hunting for example . in some ways maybe , but intuitives may have an ... not saying there's anything wrong with that ! just saying risks go up at 35 but the majority are probably fine . and was just stating that i'd prefer to be married by the time i'm 35 so as to have at ... haha in response to the whole marriage thing , it's different for girls ! we have a biological clock that wants to have children . if you're not at least married by 35 , your time is running out as ... are there any infp's here who have been very ambitious / professionally successful ? i'm 25 and trying to work really hard right now working and going to school . but i seriously just struggle with ... well , my dad is definately an intj . and i truly can say he's in love with my mom , who i suspect is an esfp . opposites i know , and let me tell you they can fight sometimes , ( they use to alot when i ... ok , here's my criticism of istj . keep in mind i have a very good istj friend . she has a lot of good points , but we've definitely struggled to see eye to eye many times before . at the end of the ... nearly every type experiences social anxiety to some extent , infp's are probably a little more familiar with the feeling . so when do you feel it ? for me it depends alot on the type of social ... i've found that my mood can be drastically affected by certain external factors . a restaurant for example , i'd almost prefer one with a good asthetic atmosphere to one with better food . music can ... estp : 9 - - - this is not based on 1 person this is across the board is just seem to click with alot of them ! love their lack of political correctness estj : 4 - - - known a couple of these also . the ... i'm an infp with a good childhood friend who is infj . we got along great as kids , as we both had a very fantastical way of playing , with similar interests and personalities . we connected ... i would love to chat with another infp ! ! ! preferably male , age 24-34 ;) . i'm an infp female from land of the north ( minnesota . ) and yes , the wind chill is below 0 on this sad sad february day . ... i have realized more in the past 3 weeks of my life , how important it is to me to please people . i have a highly narcistic boss , and alot of a-holes at work . i feel that i have been working ... i relate . high standards are good . but no one is perfect , and we must always remember that everyone , even the best catch is going to have something unlikeable / annoying about them . that's something i ... playmates ! ! ! that's a good one i agree . i'm an infp , but the term playmate actually sounds more like what i relate to in looking for someone . i guess i relate to the soulmate thing too , but i ... my appologies for the horriibblle gramar and spelling errors in the above post . also in the 2nd to last paragraph , didn't mean to say neither of us has much to offer just meant that neither of us ... i have found that i can be friends with alot of different types , but there are some definatly patterns in who , and in how close to them i feel / how much i can tolerate them . i'll start with whom i ... i am hooorrible at responding to people , and it has nothing to do with not liking the person . if they say whats up ? and i know that im busy and wont be able to hang out for the next couple days , ... sometimes not having many friends is easier . you don't have to put up with their annoyingness , you don't have obligations to them , don't have to deal with them when their being dramatic or just a ... hello friend yummy yummy yummy , popcorn chicken in my tummy . wet wet hair , sittin in my chair . surfin on the web when i should be in bed hangin with my cat , he is really fat makin up some ryhmes , yeaa good ... bring on the dirt ! bring on the dirt ! i'm an infp and i annoy myself by : 1 . not talking in social situations ( sometimes . ) i have gotten the snobish thing b4 , so i atleast try to smile alot if ... dslfjslfjs hehe . both r great in different ways . i like both , but weed a little bit more probably , just cuz i don't feel as shitty after i get high , and i can still drive home , and won't make an ass of myself ... haha ok . so i'm not really a b * tch . but alot of people who don't know me , think i am when they first meet me . so i'm not always warm and friendly right away . if i'm not in the mood to talk , i don't ... forgot to quote this , not sure if it pops up on ur profile if i don't quote it ? haha . i'm just messing around . i'm 24 , done with the casual hookups and partying , starting to look for mr . right i guess ? ? ur young , u gotta lotta living it up to do still . seems like most guys ... hey all , my dad is an intj . he's strange , but hilarious . he has this way of being hilarious without seeming like he's even trying , often times , i don't even think he knows he's being hilarious . ... yea yea sure , you just havn't met me yet ! ! ! hehe just kidding . i'm sure you have your reasons . p . s . wanna date ? she's ok . a couple really funny ones , but all her videos kinda are the same . i'd say she's an estp . i dunno , i just have estp radar . johny knoxville = estp = <3 i'd say that is subjective to the person . i happen to love estps for some odd reason ... esfp : mother . wonderful lady and mom . too lax on her children sometimes . coming frromm her child this says alot ! ! intj : father . typical weirdo intj , talks sooo muccch . my friends think he is the ... maaan but them estp boys r sooo damm sexy ! ! ! haha i dunno if i can abide by this '