outerdub - the ronin you have superb taste . this is the reason i visit this thread every so often , to find these gems so , can you hoard host like zionx 92s coin belie progeny ov your pain ? ihwh , thou sayeth unto me : thou , disrupter , imbalance my creations ! hence i transfix in bliss ov flagellation i burnt in ... nein nein nein nein nein i'm pretty fluent also mi mi mi mi mi mi , mi mi mi mi mi mi mi mi mi mi mi mi i can feel my brain . git on my lvl , nigga blue , light green , dark greys in combo with black best red . i need you to post that avatar here so i can google image search it and find more like it i prefer qoutes . i dislike reddit sheerly for it's ' approval ' system , it's whole culture revolves around it , making for uninteresting dull stuff all over the front pages or stupid comments on ... no . infp or entp because why not you liquidate them before this unwanted attention leaks any further . they're all dead . what now ? kingofderpz it's ok . i bet it's a pain to maintain though . your hair makes you look like a forest elf btw kinda . i use the chans , reddit and youtube to get out all my anger and hatred , but i keep this crap to myself elsewhere on the internet and real life ( unless you truly know me ) . people either don't ... i want all cancer to leave as i once read somewhere on here ' each individual is the hero / protagonist of their own story ' or something along those lines . this is why . ukrainian people are really kind to the people dear to them . you know of nothing : 3 it's russia that's the ' bad guy ' we are not divided by our race and whatnot as much as we are by our egos , something which persists even over the internet . seeing these guys live at gmm next week ! wooot m / please explain this fresh new meme to me without me having to properly infest any mental effort into it . im not confirming to your goddamn confirmations op on a serious note . i think i'm more weird , creepy than eccentric . in the end we are all just different configurations of the same basic ... i don't really have friends anymore . i'm still befriended with my mates from hs on fb , but the last time i saw them was 4 years ago . i do miss it sometimes and wish i did more to maintain the ... deafheaven - vertigo separation of ... - silent screams killigrew - coming home year of no light - qu'importe qu'ils me haïssent , pourvu qu'ils me craignent gothic storm - in the next life ... / u / trollabot melancholic . i have returned great pasta warriors ! behold here my latest treasure : what was that person thinking that would make them do that . ( ͡ o ͜ ʖ ͡ o ) no . i'm just really awkward . hamfdthnw , here are your results ... lightworker is the term used to describe a person who is consciously awake and aware that they ... infp . a fi-dom , but i'd also like to keep si . 284034 my istj father talks plenty if he cares . shit . there have been times i wanted a quick answer / summary but he turned it into an hour long talk ... : o and inside i'm like no ... for one , i plan on traveling through a country with someone in the summer . we'll just kinda hit the road and see what happens . we won't plan anything except for seeing what events there are in the ... agnostic . i don't care much for mystery . i never understood where this mystery fascinating comes from . more than not , mystery = not compatible . this ' mystery ' is often a projection of your hopes and fantasies ... 282506 - male isfj me too , when i was 4-5 somewhere . me and my friend wanted to burn down his school . ' my mom smokes , so finding fire is no problem ' we took his mom's lighter and went on our way while both our moms ... rarely , but when i do , i tralyx today i learned i'm extra boring : c i love piano / violin music . either both of those together or alone , but none other . it also has to be sad / melancholic , otherwise : no thanks . i dislike happy , high energy violin / piano . it's ugly . ... pretty much . hehe , that's ok . it wasn't really one word answers per se , but kinda ( i know , so literal , but imma do this anyway ) . for example : she said she likes reading , so naturally i asked her what kind of books ... yup . i'd say i'm pretty boring . been hermitting since i was 13 or so due to personal issues . but still , at least i was trying , if you don't like me , tell me , it might suck at first but eh , ye , this ...