' a parent who is responsive to the needs of the child and can develop , guide and provide for it . don't think that's related to type . also most people's ideas about parenting , at least in the us , ... you have to realize you are not necessarily typing that person . you are simply filtering them through your own perceptions . no way you are seeing a complete picture of anyone ( hell no one can see a ... kwml uses jungian archetypes but its definitely meant to be a heuristic . if you ever read any of dr . paul's stuff he clearly says the ideal is to try to be balanced across all four spectrums , not to ... narcissistic extraverted intuitive ? countries do not have personality types people do . there are certainly cultural styles that lean in a direction one way or the other . its fair to say the us is more extraverted than say japan , and it ... i'm skeptical of anyone who uses the term extrovert in this context . ne . extraverted intuition deals with the outer objective world . ni might be more like an intuition about ' the spirit or zeitgeist ' of the game itself . more ontological . introverted ideas do not ... well a lot of this is deals with how you interpret other people ( you may only be paying attention to introverted or extraverted characteristics in a person ) and also on how you define ... no . that's not the idea behind shadow functions . shadow functions as beebe proposed them relate to complexes . complexes being a group of emotionally charged ideas that revolve around a certain ... well i don't know how compelled shy people would be to hang out with a big group of other people ( although you might figure out who is really shy and who is just uncomfortable in social situations ) ... not only that the theory behind type a and type b personalities , both proposed in the 50s to describe people who are more prone to heart attacks ( had nothing really to do with any study of psychology ... its because people are unable to see past their own self-image and self-perceptions . on top of that a lot of people are just not very self-aware . most people have an idea of who they think they are ... what do you mean by society ? american society ? i think in that case extraversion in general is seen as more acceptable regardless of whether its in the form of masculine or feminine because the ... first of all please understand me is not by carl jung it's by david kiersey who doesn't really subscribe a whole bunch to jung's ideas outright ( and there's definitely some tension over the years ... huh ? jung did not say that the auxiliary function would be the opposite attitude of the dominant . myers said that . jung only implies that the auxiliary functions might take the opposing attitude provided ... especially when it comes to type descriptions i think kiersey's influence is paramount in this discussion . he is so intrinsic to the fabric of modern mbti , even if he doesn't , for example , go down ... it is that great actually . myers and kiersey collaborated quite a bit in the 1970s and it would be to fair to say that in terms of things like type descriptions and general nomenclature there is a ... start here you'll be lost otherwise . also check his bibliographies ( or just ... this article from theladders gets you a new job quicker | theladders should be better entitled hey just be an extravert ! overcoming introverted tendencies that might limit your leadership growth ... no . in part because the lower two functions are mostly unconscious ( you can't consciously change something unconscious ) and secondly changing type would be a holistic process . that's not to say it ... i think you are hyperbolizing based on a set of ( probably unfounded ) beliefs you have about the ways in which corporate offices work . first of all you are probably already in something technically ... i would take the jungian perspective and argue that understanding the shadow is more important than knowing type which is just the outer or conscious presentation of a person . to only pay attention ... well you have to learn to realize that this isn't about you . it's somewhat altruistic to be empathetic , but you have to learn when not to take something that's not directed at you personally . the ... i'm sorry you've made up your mind about college before even going . while i think everyone should go in the way they best see fit , i do think its mistake to assume that because you had a rough go of ... well in many ways what the enxp tells you is that you're a dominant intuitive . the t or f is really less consequential . really the t or f would really only really matter overwhelmingly in the case of ... lol wouldn't that sixth ' sense ' be called ' an intuition ? ' feeling deals with evaluation not with feelings in a strictly emotional sense . feeling function tells us whether or not we like something , in short . or whether or not we find it timely or untimely ... it seems you are making the assumption that people in those type forums are themselves typed correctly . no transference usually happens in a therapeutic setting . the therapist becomes a substitute or projection of the patient . what jung was saying is that whatever issues or hangups or ... this was largely embarrassing and it seemed to come from a writer who did not understand properly the concept of introversion ( or made up his or her own definition of it ) . it is precisely fluff ... a lot of it is because people are not very good at understanding their own emotions . many times how they conceptualize an emotion deals with the context of when the emotion was first created , or a ... the question you asked is a good one and one that is asked often around here . you should not feel ashamed for asking it . i was just pointing out that often people tend to project their own ... i think you are generalizing your own experiences and perceptions and projecting those generalizations onto infjs as a whole rather than challenging your own perceptions and beliefs . most of what you ... i'm not entirely sure that test is especially good at what it purports to do because lots of people end up with these kinds of results on cognitive function tests ( or if the test is accurate , then ... i don't think this is an infj problem . there's a lot of material out there on this subject , most famously the book by daniel goleman called emotional intelligence . there's been a number of books ... well the mbti is a sorter . it's trying to identify preferences , which is one of the reasons for the forced-choice questions . that is why step ii is very important ( most people just stop at the ... couple of things here : 1 ) the notion that mbti makes personality quantifiable is false . personality , like most aspects of psychoanalysis are generally not quantifiable . you would have to prove the ... to be honest most of the things on that list pretty much anyone would identify with in a given context . they're not really specific to infjs per se . certainly there are infjs who might identify with ... what jung is attempting to demonstrate here is the extraversion has a tendency to operate at surface level . the first boy is much more of an explorer of the physical world . caught up what happens ... seems pretty clearly intp to me . nothing about him jumps out as being especially ni-dom or te for that matter . niall ferguson on the other hand might very well be an xntj of some sort . ... you do know that en of an entj is not the same as en of an enfp right ? and i'm telling you that from a type standpoint you won't get very far . there's not much to be said here . you will get lots of opinions about how things are from people , based on their own ... i think you have to resist the temptation to let type be a defining or limiting factor here . i would most certainly not look at it from the lens of entj vs enfp . in most cases you're just projecting ... at least you are learning from your mistake . that no action will get no action . that simply wishing for something will not make it so you do have to do something . so the question for the future is ... i don't know that i would tie this to a function so much as the way someone had been socialized and adapted . on some level the person thinks that this is an okay thing to do , so we'd have to figure ... i think what you mean is could the motivation for the shyness come from an unconscious place ? sure . in fact , that's probably likely what's going on . shyness , like i said , is symptomatic . the ... shyness is symptomatic of a root anxiety . the perception of a negative outcome . but i will not go as far as to say that root anxiety is motivated by something like personality within this context ... we can argue whether or not mbti revolves around behavior ( myers was herself a behaviorist ) but in the most classical sense jung was not talking about behavior explicitly , even though he gives some ... not really . beebe's model isn't a hierarchy . he never says the shadow functions go in a specific order ( and since they are all unconscious what difference would it make anyway ? ) he says that opposing ... '