' it's better than prostitution . i would love to chat or skype with an intj woman about her struggles with social expectations . as a female intp working as a waitress i have become more and more defeated / unhappy because i cannot be ... i do that too , so either we are both screwed up or it's a trend . my rage is a force of nature . this is the best argument against i've read so far . i can attest that trying to read an intj's emotions is like trying to read russian , for me . still , if you zoom out and look at the larger picture , ... why ? intj-intp ? i think i'm going to go with ntjs as well . i can't handle being with an nf because emotional outbursts are scary , i dont want to date an s , and ntps are too much like me . i think two people need to be different enough for the relationship to stay interesting . in an entp intp relationship the strengths are the same and the weaknesses are the same . there is no potential ... just cordially broke up with an entp . my thoughts on the intp-entp pairing : no real mind connection . too similar . we didn't really share interests , but if we had we probably would have burned up the ... way too serious , and therefore very fun to troll . h i'm trying to do that . i just started waitressing . i like the busy times too but talking to people drains me . my sfjs boss is always telling to smile ! with your teeth ! and i'm like you don't ... my bf is an entp . he works at a sushi restaurant with a bunch of stjs who are always getting pissed at him for making air headed mistakes . actually though he seems to be able to handle his inferior ... lol me too . yeah i have an enfp friend irl and i go to him sometimes so he can make sense of my life for me . it sucks that feeling is my achilles ' heel because it makes human interaction difficult . i ... i have negligible amounts of fe and don't use fi consciously . in other words , my emotions are subconscious . i basically have to meditate to tell the difference between hunger and heartbreak . right ? i just got through a period of grieving , started a new relationship ( 3 months ) , moved out of my parent's house , and yes it's summer . could be any of those things i guess . i'm 3 months into a new relationship . euphoria eh ? * rubs chin * yeah , actually , this describes it pretty well . an enfp helped me with the word contentment too . exciting optimistic contentment with goodwill towards mankind and randomly wanting to hug people ? lol i wouldn't likely know it emilia ; i can't distinguish emotions from one another . i only notice the physical manifestations , and sometimes people read my expression and tell me what i'm feeling . contentment is definitely there , but i thought that was more of a lazy feeling . this has a buzz of excitement to it . name that emotion ! i'm experiencing a feeling and i dont know what it is . symptoms : general goodwill towards everyone , including dogs weird heavy feeling in my stomach it reminds me of when i ... i'm experiencing a feeling and i dont know what it is . symptoms : general goodwill towards everyone , including dogs weird heavy feeling in my stomach it reminds me of when i was a kid and my ... ' this would work . you're right , the second one could blow up in your face . the third one too , actually . weioo thanks so much ! ^ . ^ some problems i've heard of with this pairing is that both the intp and the entp think showing emotion is weakness , so communication about emotional issues or even being verbally affectionate doesn't ... i , too , like to spend time with fiends . haha this is so me . ajentorange 325666 the hatter thanks for your thorough response . i'm looking for info on the entp-intp pairing , but i haven't gotten much more than it's hard to mess up . this isn't often listed as an ideal pairing ; why not ? if you've ever dated an intp , what ... i can see how this would lead to an interesting conversation , but not to me giving you what you want . an entp i know will try to convince me to do what he wants ( e . g . tell him something he wants to ... how do you manipulate an intp ? so there isn't some kind of instruction manual for after one begins the relationship ? i like to do my research before diving in . how do i sway entp cuties ? what behaviors do you guys consider clingy ? just started dating an entp . i'm not a particularly needy person , but i'd like to know what to avoid . thanks . ^ . ^ this makes me curious . entjs : as this is a rather personal question , don't feel obligated to respond , but ... are you all typically sexually submissive ? i read somewhere that people who are dominant ... i mean you collective . also it doesn't have to be in a romantic way . i don't understand . i asked , do you actively seek out those who need you and derive pleasure from teaching them ? do you seek out those who need you ? i don't mean emotionally clingy . i mean those who are worthy of respect , but naturally weak where you are strong . do you intentionally spend more time with them ... i second this . there is no difference for me beween just living with someone and signing the piece of paper . does the voice work on intps ? i would imagine not . we don't like taking orders . also , would one of you post a video of this phenomenon so i can see / hear what it's like ? dear xntx , talk nerdy to me . : wink : <3 cordially , intp 265298 i think i've perfected the leave me the hell alone vibe . i can be sitting in a crowded classroom where people are struggling to find a seat , and the seats next to me are empty because of my resting ... thanks for these . i actually started reading the manual because i wanted an understanding of male psychology . is that book true with nt men as well ? intx males approach relationships the same way i do . we wait for potential dates to come to us , then determine if they are reasonable , intelligent people and go from there . most of us aren't ... that's adorable , bigjake 111 '