' i'm re-posting this from the istj forum . on second thought , he may be an istp - definitely ist . i have a guy friend i believe to be an istj or istp . we ’ ve known eachother for a couple years and ... fear of what ? being fully rejected ? do you think he really just decided he's not that into me or it's something else ? it just kind of messed with my head a little . i was really thinking of giving it ... i have a guy friend i believe to be an istj . wex 92ve known eachother for a couple years and ix92ve always had a feeling that he likes me . he even throws a few little hints out there every once in a ... exactly this omg ! this is my life with my enfj friend . yeah , i hear you on that iselia . i've done the acquaintance route with him and i do meet other guys . it's just that we've known each other for a while now and we are friends . he just seems to freak ... 1 . infjs hate other people . i like most people . i love a few people . my intuition usually warns me about the ones i shouldn't trust . i sometimes give them the benefit of the doubt for awhile . once i ... i used to be very quiet and people described me as aloof , hard to get to know , sensitive . i've come out of my shell over the past 5 or so years . now i get : funny ( a lot - to the point that ... i have said before that i can control my emotions to show very little on the outside , but they run very deep on the inside and i have no control in there . i hate forced research . if there's something that really interests me , i can research for hours - looking for commonalities , contradictions , taking into account the bias where the info came from . ... my emotional well being rules my life . i can logically look at myself and realize how many great things i have in my life , but i don't feel happy so it doesn't matter . then i feel guilty for not ... old thread , but having this issue with an enfj friend ... yes , i have feelings for him , but he has decided that he doesn't want to be in a relationship at all ever again . we have always been just ... would you go as far as using the friend word to get a reaction or throw someone off ? i don't mean like having a conversation saying we're just friends , but my friend will act in ways that seem ... how do you react if you feel jealous , but aren't necessarily purposely made to feel jealous . like if you were interested in a girl and there were other guys that were pursuing her ... would you feel ... signs i like an enfj : i find him hysterically funny i will spend much more time than i will with anyone else texting him i really really look forward to spending time with him , but sometimes i ... i'm a female infj though . would be nice if enfjs weighed in . how would you react if a friend of the opposite sex started getting a little closer ? paying more attention , flirting a little more ... it seems that infjs & enfjs have this in common . that's part of what makes the combination so tricky i think . i'm liking maeve's idea ... showing some signs without necessarily saying anything ... i'm not very good at flirting . especially if i'm actually interested . i guess i can flirt all day long with someone i don't really feel something for , but if my feelings are involved i clam up . i try ... i was just venting . i don't really react in any crazy ways :) just what goes through my head and then i say oh , ok . sounds good or something like that . so i was feeling a little psyched up by all this today and i put myself out there a little . brought up doing something that we i had talked about . the response wasn't exactly what i was hoping for ... maeve - i think you're on to something ... i've been dealing with this dilema for a while now too and trying to find the right way to make myself more out there without risking my whole being . i'm ... i mean this in the nicest way possible but ... that is a total enfp response ! :) my enfp friend can lay all her cards on the table with the exact reasoning that you stated . infjs are completely ... i feel your pain ! ! ! this must be the dynamic between infj / enfj . my situation isn't 20yrs old , but it's very similar in every other way . i don't know the answers either . thanks jawz . i guess i'm a huge chicken . i feel like my heart is very fragile and i'm desperately afraid of the pain of rejection . i have let myself get in too deep with this guy and it will hurt ... more , more , more ... please :) i just spent another confusing weekend with the guy in my never ending drama of does he or doesn't he like me . how will i ever know ? when will the timing ever be ... thanks jake . i remember hearing that being treated differently from the rest in any way , even if it's not more attention than the rest is a good sign . i keep trying to remember that , but i psych ... o . k . y'all . i used to post on here more , but mainly just read now . i have a good guy friend that is an enfj . i would like more than a friendship with him , but i don't think he really knows that ... i love this thread . i have an enfj friend ( that i've also had a crush on for a long time ) who has a harem of girls that he hangs out with . sometimes i feel bad , like i'm just one of the many , but i ... i lurk and occasionally post . mainly because one of my best guy friends is an enfj and i have a mega-crush on him . always trying to de-code the mystery of his actions :( he likes me , he likes me ... i have developed pretty strong feelings for him . i'm torn between hanging in there to see what could develop ( but risking getting hurt more ) or backing away and cutting my losses . i usually let him initiate texting . he'll let it go a few days sometimes , but then always ends up texting me something . he's only recently started inviting me to things , but there are always other ... i don't want to make this thread too specific about my situation - i really wanted to hear the insights of enfjs ( and spouses of enfjs :) ) . what has already been said is great stuff and i thank you ... i see that jawz is enneagram 6 , not sure what crono is . i'm wondering how much that has to do with the not expressing interest in addition to the enfj thing . jawz - so how did you end up with ... jawz - you comments are very interesting . i've seen many threads on this subject but never exactly what you stated about masking your behavior and words . how long have you been divorced ? have you ... i know this has been done before , but ... there are some new people on the site and i think it would be interesting to get some new perspectives :) i would say to be patient with her . if she's amazing in so many other ways , it might be worth it . no one has all their crap together . maybe she's been hurt in the past and handles relationships a ... dude - i feel your pain . it's like doing a crossword puzzle blind-folded on a rollercoaster for me . i would just like to say to anyone who is confused about how an enfj feels about them ... welcome to the club i have experienced this ( still am ) and it seems like this is a very common theme on ... i used to always score as an intj , but after a lot of emotional crap happened over a few years , i started scoring as an infj . the infj description fits me much better . i don't think my core ... tell me that my impressions of a person are wrong . that they don't want me to get hurt by holding on to a fantasy that might happen someday . advising me in a way that makes me seem like i'm a ... i thought that a lot of times nfs inparticular have a hard time intuitively knowing if someone has feelings for them , when they also have feelings for that person . reason being , if you want that ... in my experience , enfjs are very loyal when they are in a committed relationship . also , in my experience , people of any type that cheat have some issues with loyalty and have a higher probability to ... i like it ! it's much more like poker than chess . we're both wearing sunglasses so no one can read what our eyes are saying ;) thanks for saying this . yes , you're right - the reasons he has for ... i just want to resurrect this thread ... i'm still going round and round with my enfj friend . i have feelings for him and i feel like we've been playing a chess game for the last 6 months of trying ... i feel for you ! i absolutely hate to let someone down like that . i think it's because i can empathize too much . i put myself in their place and know how much it would hurt . sometimes you have to ... ah , ok ... i won't kill you . i guess i'm just sensitive cause i like parties :) but all my friends know that if i spend a weekend being all social , they probably won't see me for a weekend or two ... i disagree with that . i am for sure an introvert but i love parties . i just can't party all the time , i need my alone time in between . people who like parties are not necessarily extroverts and ... there are three men that i have really cared deeply for in my life ( not counting family ): entj esfj enfj i guess i'm really drawn to extraverts . i think the common denomenator here is charisma ... being an introvert or extravert isn't so much based on whether you like being with people or alone - it's more about where you draw your energy . i get confused as an extravert all the time because i ... this has made me really start thinking about how anyone would ever know i was interested without outright asking me . i have a recent example of two different guys that i'm friends with . i do things ... '