' when you enter the entp forums look up at the top with shaded posts ( permanent posts ) ... it is in the entp video thread . might i suggest that this has not much to do with you at all ... the two points in my life in which i had the greatest difficulty in relationships was during times of unemployment ... it can be very ... truth usually involves a lot of discomfort ; people choose to remain ignorant and it is interesting to watch the bliss they have in that state . then a person comes along and threatens that bliss and ... a remix was done on it in the entp video forum ; look it up ... oh you forgot to mention ( of course ) cats ... they are a source of your emotions ... who can forget that video from the entp vids forum ... lol did i state that you weren't expressing an opinion ? what else would it be if it was not an opinion ? you have yours and i have mine . no need to get your panties in a bind ... to each his own . muck fe seemed to have disappeared ... must of gone to bed hmmm ... well we are dealing in the realm of opinion jaws ; two people can have two different viewpoints of a given work ... to each his own . maybe all the other infj's are the ones who have gone wrong ; point ... jennifer connelly is probably an infj as well as the actress mischa barton ... a good example also of an infj gone wrong you could say is marilyn manson . lol i think what can be dangerous with us , and a possible relationship with an infj , is the fact that we sometimes don't even know what we want and drag others along for a ride ... i feel bad about this ... i am 27 here ... feel like i've lived a lot more than most though . omg ! i love the cat video dizzle ! ! ! hahahahaha more epic videos to come i am sure ! entp's have a tendency to one up people so this thread could get very very long ... ! hahahahahaha yay finally emptyx i have the lag out of the video ! woo hoo :) we need more entp videos ; and more cat sympathizers that are entp's ... looks at xee with quizzical expressions ( wouldn't want to ... yeah i hear the lag between the audio and the picture ... fixing that right now . some of them come with a built in mic ... my laptop cam with a decent webcam but not a mic x - / i feel like an odd man out with a 4w3 ... maybe that is why it was difficult to assess whether or not i was as enfp or entp ; idk ... omg that was hilarious ! think it was funniest with the long awkward pause at the end ! lol ! think i need to buy a mic so i can post a video ; for crying out lowed we only have 7 pages ... what ... it is the only thing he missed and the only reason i did what i did :P practice is it ; i do use fe in a rational fashion btw ... the only point ( or objective ) you missed istbkleta was the main ... two good points :P as i wrote it i thought back on how it wasn't helping the situation at all ; exacerbates the problem for sure ... well us entp's using the fe does come out in a rather childish way because it is our third function ; but i would not go so far as to say that i am immature ... i can see your stance on it and i know ... i know exactly what you mean with too much fe ... it only comes in outbursts ; but i've noticed that traumatic things have happened in my life that have developed my fe ... it seems lonely taking care ... so yesterday i was out with three acquaintances at a mediterranean restaurant ; they know that i love to analyze people . two of them are enfp's and we are all musicians and get along pretty well and ... i have read the book and have gone through that sorter and i don't think the verbiage is spot on for such a questionair ... that is my opinion . i still get into fits of questioning my type ? it is so frustrating sometimes ; i feel like i am overly emotional to be an entp ... and when i observe enfp's i know that we are different ; but i still ... when the dna make up of one person has more information than all the computer code in the world i find it hard to believe it was assembled through random acts ... but it depends on the definition of ... how much you limit the truth directly corresponds to how much you limit your freedom ... :) off to the bat cave ! oh wait the light is shinning ! actualy the only people that have caught me and beat me at my own game has been infj's ... hahahahaha i am ussualy struck and have nothing to say but touche touche ! couldn't be hurt by it at all and ... my best friend is an infj for starters ; never had i an understanding like it . i have been around all types and get along with all ; but we all know that intimate relationships are very different . ... infj's seem to be the ussual ones that are overlooked :P yes i am dead set on it ; one finds out what they want by knowing what they don't want :) infatuation just happens as well as attraction ; which does play a part ... love is something that grows and that must be cultivated ; it is an action and a verb ... i know there won't be a consistant ... i am not curious on the approach to infj ; but to find them initially ... i am aware that there are obsticles in approaching them . you don't talk lowd when you fish or make sudden movements or do ... never stated that they are good at deep and capable of a deep and complex love did i ? met some that are very self-centered compared to other infj's ; everyone is different ... i didn't say i was ... yes you are right that i am naturally attracted to who i am attracted to ; except i've only been attracted 3 times in my life to a girl . it is a very rare indeed for me ; it is not that i don't see ... letting whoever come my way is out of the question i would rather be single . my question is simple you can leave my deductions to myself :) thank you for your input though i do appreciate it . it is exactly that point of a relationship lasting that i seek an infj ; i have done my own deductions and wish not to go with the flow of society . there are many different personalities in a ... well this post has been covered before and the motivations are obvious ( probably ) . it seems the easiest way to run across infj's honestly is through the internet ; it isn't a natural interaction so i ... i feel you on that sometimes the hardest thing to do is introspection ; i did the same thing you did and thought for a while that i was enfp ... i was just content with analyzing everyone else for fun ... you don't need a good understanding of people to make a good leader like an entj ; they are good with logistics and pressure points aside from human nature . you don't need a grasp on the inner ... well an apology is in order and wouldn't be sufficient in my honest opinion ... so i am so deeply sorry for making such a rash judgement ... i cannot express how bad i feel for this and i hope you can ... alot of infp's can seem more organized than their counterpart the infj ... your demeanor is very infp in the way you carry yourself ... can see it very clearly in your expressions ... let me take a ... so no one has stated who they think is not an infj who has that as their type discription ... i will play the bad guy and say that i doubt lullabyblossom is an infj ; alot of infp's and infj's seem to ... no that sounds like obsession ... and i ussually know and weigh the cost before hand to figure out if it is mutual or not ; won't put myself out there unless i have a chance ... even when i don't have a ... i am right here for crying out lowd ... lol you use ti for sure ... and it is important for you for information ( that is given ) not to be faulty ... which makes total sense to a person with a devoloped ti ; i am with you on this . it is always ... well i think it is bothering plush that someone thinks they are an infj and are not ... if more people start dropping dimes , so to speak , then it will be easier for her to do the same . sure it might ... aww you infj's are so sweet ! didn't mean to make you blush my dear ! so sorry ... the whole thing is confusing quite frankly but if one looks at the functions then it becomes a little easier ! well if you use introverted intuition first and then extroverted feeling then you are an infp in socionics ... it is clear cut with the functions ; if you use fi ne then you are an infj ... tests can ... i read a study about the affects of certain hormones present during development in the womb affecting one's brain make up ( aka temperament ) ... so if i were to propose a theory one could speculate ... '