 woman in library for ielts.jpg by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr ... junk - a chinese boat in qinzhou port by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr ... when i was little , my mother disliked i cried easily . i cry easily . i think i am a highly sensitive person .   ] i have a pet turtle . cats didn't give me space to be alone . my mum's cat could open my door . now i have a turtle . i don't remember to feed the turtle . my enfj will remember to feed this turtle . i ... digital drawing inspired by andrea del sarto's head of a child by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr a girl playing a game on her phone on the bus-digital sketch from real life-sketchbook pro app by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr a young man on the bus at night-back-digital sketches from real life - everyday people-sketchbook pro app on the phone by naomi chung's ... a midaged woman talking with her friend on the street-working class women life sketches by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr rhododendron simsii planch-digital sketch-expressionism by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr a sleepy man on the bus-digital sketch-sketchbook pro app on the phone by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr a young man on the bus-digigtal sketch from real life-sketchbook pro app by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr a worker playing phone on the bus-digital sketch from real life-sketchbook pro app on the phone by naomi chung's daydream art , on ... a turtle digital sketch-artrage by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr a young woman reading-digital sketch of everyday people in everyday life-artrage 4 by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr a sleepy girl in the library in the morning-digital painting from real life-everyday people-artrage by naomi chung's daydream art , on ... a young woman reading and writing in the library - expressionism-digital sketch from real life-everyday life by naomi chung's daydream ... a young woman on the bus in the morning-back-digital sketch from real life - everyday people-sketchbook pro app on the phone by naomi ... two moss-rose flowers digital watercolour , expressionism 29july 2013 by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr two moss-rose flowers digital watercolour , expressionism by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr a moss-rose expressionism by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr purple heart flower-digital watercolour - expressionism by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr ... moss-rose flowers - expressionism digital watercolour by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr thanks for the sweet comment . i like stay with flowers and green nature as they are friends . i didn't try to make them look pretty . but i did try to make them as my friends i want to have . a purple flower , expressionism by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr relationship : two purple flowers and a bee by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr ... a flower by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr flickr 上 sosodaydreamart 的 a girl on the bus , after a long day . flickr 上 sosodaydreamart 的 24may2013 a man facerrr a girl face when she is watching tv on computer by naomi chung's daydream art , on flickr ... my 11 years old infp niece told me , her life is too cool and too lonely.oh , my poor girl , i have to tell her how to enjoy be alone and not to feel lonely . she is living with my mum and my dad from ... new day ! good morning ! ...  69748 copy 69742  flickr 上 naomi chung's daydream art 的 the morning glory flower , expressionism , digital watercolour ride my bike . play badminton . used to play yoga . i like sports . 6867668677 my pet is a chinese turtle . it like sunlight . it like to be alone itself most of time , me too . 21 is young.before i met a right man , i felt most of men arround me were so bored to be with . some men are playboys . i didn't worry about that thing when i was 21 . i had a lot of things to do that ... 68656 68653 flickr 上 naomi chung's daydream art 的 25 april 2013 a morning glory flower 10am 68611http :/ / farm9.staticflickr.com/8402/8677841950_e3793c825c.jpg flickr 上 naomi chung's daydream art 的 24 april 2013 the morning glory flowers