i couldn't have said better it was quite hard for me to choose . but between lust and pride i chose lust . i should thank you for all help ( even though it was quite useless ) . let this thread die now now :d ry : impossible . i can't study engineering . to study it in university i need to have passed physics exam with good marks . the problem is that long time ago in school i got rid of physics ( at certain age ... i dislike them . that is one of the reasons why i am going to skip few of my graduation parties . i simply can't stand idiots loudly prententing to be smart , but still fail at it . dark knight trilogy inception v for vandeta gladiator 300 ( i know many people do not like it , or atleast they do where i live ) i thought a lot about it and searched all info i can find . after studying that info i decided that it is better not to have job then go there . i should probably say thank you for writing post this long , but all you have written i already knew . that is the reason why i posted . maybe i should clarify my main question . how to choose proffesion ... death note elfen lied code geass intj snape and dubledore popular and useless music to stupid people . black prestige and power are important to you . you are independent , strong-willed and determined and like to be in control of yourself and situations . as a lover of black you may be conservative ... it all depends on perspective . if we look on universall scale than you are right . if you trie to look through society level - you could not be more wrong gladiator ( 2000 ) i am going to study in university when new school year starts , but i have huge problem - i can't decide what to study . all those different studying programs just pisses me off . everyone tells me to ... my question might sound stupid , but i got quite interested in other intj . can you sincerely express your emotions ? for example i can't feel happines , love , joy or anything similar . i do not ... how specifically do you intj's learn concepts ? usually i just read / hear concepts for 1-2 times and remembered and understood them . how do ( did ) you study for your classes ? i didn't . i even ... code geass death note bbc sherlock hannibal if people listened to themselves more often , they would talk less . - - i do not know author . never explain - your friends don't need it , and your enemies won't believe you anyhow . - - elbert hubbard ... things i hate : i hate stupid people ; i hate people who thinks and tries to show that they are smart when they are morons ; i hate irrational emotional blabbering ; well i think it is enough ... thanks lithuanian . greetings everyone , so it is time to introduce myself . what can i say ? well , to begin with english is my second language . i am still learning and it is far from perfect . what else i can say ? ...