' some just talk and want to be heard . my 11th grade english teacher had two signs above the blackboard . allow the lips to meet in the stimulus of death . and it is better to appear a fool than ... i am very conservative but not republican . it doesn't matter who you vote for anymore , nothing is going to change . people talk the talk , but it is the rich people behind the curtain who determine ... sometimes it depends . but i will usually just make the decision . if i am wrong , i learn from it and move on . but don't be freaking indecisive . that is one of my pet peeves . pleasant people who smile and have a nice demeanor . politics and porn are the same . they promise everything and deliver nothing . yes i am . when i set my mind to something , i stay focused and get the job done . nope . pretty much all the candidates are a joke . if i am right people better listen because i have done my homework . if i am not sure , i don't say anything until i have done my homework . i just do my best to look nice and take care of personal hygiene . i had leftovers . sometimes leftovers taste better when it's been in the refrigerator a night or two . hi there and welcome . i can really relate to your post . to have a good nights sleep . there is no such thing as luck . first , it is who you know not what you know . other times , it is preparing yourself for the opportunities that await you down the road . thoughtful just when i think you've said the stupidest thing ever , you keep talking . hank hill - king of the hill you will have to suck it up and deal with it . i have dealt with it for 11 years . i have had sleepless nights , couldn't eat , and was short with my family when i came home . now in this 12th year , ... i was a professional rock thrower by breaking home and car windows . i truly feel remorse because people had to spend their hard earned money to fix my wrongs . welcome . salmon , quinoa , and asparagus . chaps spent two weeks in the hospital . lost 25 lbs and the doctor threatend to put a feeding tube in me if i didn't eat . hello and welcome . i b-elieve i am b-postive . but , i am anemic and cannot give blood . will gladly receive it if necessary though . whether it is forced scheduling for work or whatever , make the most of it and improve yourself . don't procrastinate or at try to minimize it . set short term and long term personal goals and work ... my intrtovert and extrovert percentage is 50-50 . i was told that i am naturally an introvert but when forced to i can be extroverted . point taken . i don't know if it will be that easy . our trade deficit with the chinese is around a trillion dollars . the aca , aka obamacare isn't helping matters much . the dollars purchasing power ... only time will tell . i don't know what the future has for us . we cannot even come close to paying off the national debt , let alone the unfunded liabilities . absolutely not . the us economy will eventually collapse . there will be hyper inflation and all retirement accounts will be seized by the government . then the real fun begins . without government , society will fail . it is how the government governs and treats the people . why do people who suck at their job get promoted and you are left behind to pick up the pieces ? then you are expected to do your job with a smile and continue to fix their mistakes while they get ... just here in the cafe . mango popcycle francis schaeffer . exercising , toastmasters , volunteering , family , and faith . stop procrastinating and practice better time management . opposites do attract . also , it gives balance to the relationship . sophie scholl sophie scholl and america freedom to fascism . just don't hit me with that bat . i had a hellraiser type of dream as a kid way before the movie appeared in the theaters . thinking about how much work i have to do tomorrow . i just take it and take it and take it until i explode . i internalize things and don't do well at communicating my frustration . i think it surprises people when i let loose . i am so reserved and ... i think a better movie would be a battle between underdog and hong kong fuey . keeping a schedule ? accomplishing goals and tasks ? that is what i mean . don't put off tomorrow what you can get done yesterday . thank you . it has a lot of truth to it . it is all perception . if i don't feel like cooking , a paul newman pizza or a soup and salad from chick-fil-a will hit the spot . i have two best friends . my wife and a guy friend . i can tell my wife most everything . just some things you don't share with your wife . my guy friend , i can tell him anything . i never have to ... full of pain . '