' i always make bad choices with my feelings and i just feel so overwhelmed so much . is it possible for me to stop being so nervous and scared around other people ? is it possible to just try to be ... from interviews i've seen , i personally think isfp . i think she's a very open yet nervous ( in front of crowds / public ) introvert and she obviously enjoys being around people but it doesn't energize her ... apparently she's tipsy in most of her recent interviews which , i guess , would contribute to her talkativeness . i remember seeing a thread on a different personality forum that had an earlier ... ah , my cousin does this as well and she is esfj . i was going to comment this and then noticed that you said your sister may be esfp or esfj ! ! i wonder if there's a similarity ... but i'll be looking ... i agree with what has said since you know him the best , i'm just making judgments based on what you've stated . i'm sure he's a wonderful guy so take what i say with a grain of salt . to me , ... people remembering things about me / events together physical affection offering to talk to me if i'm not feeling well i am actually really judgmental but i keep it to myself because i know it's not right to do it . kind of counterproductive . it's difficult to stop yourself from automatically making quick judgments , ... step 1 . you're an entj step 2 . take over the world awww , life definitely doesn't look like it's been helping you stand up lately . but i'm happy that you made a thread asking for help since i think i speak for the whole forum when i say that everyone ... man the fuck up , biotches . i'm dying here ! ^ ^ ^ do not understand why no one else has backed this ... yes , sometimes people are just stupid and i keep it to myself because i have a reputation / my overwhelming guilt to uphold but their absolute idiocy truly confounds me at times and i just want to get ... definitely ... i'm not an enfp but infp is close ( fi is my dominant function , why must there be so much ) . sometimes , i just come to terms quickly with events / situations that cause great / moderate ... or maybe it was someone who participated in no-shave november and their leg hair gently stroked your leg as you walked by in the water . people who are dependent really freak out my enfp friend . i do get a bit upset and my confidence lowers ... but i continue with what i'm doing by myself . i'm more comfortable doing what i do alone anyway so that raises my confidence . i like appreciation ... i don't think they are emotionless . just comfortable . in my fantasy world , everyone is dead . i support your theory . my entj friend is useless at this . almost as useless as a kardashian . i thought there'd be more into power / knowledge but this thread is just filled with love . / basks wow , i completely agree with you . i remember reading an article about the bystander effect and how it splits up responsibility . hypothetically , if there are 10 people in a situation which needs ... i want to try it out too but i know i'm not prepared for it since i'm not comfortable with myself yet . : frustrating : in the past when i've liked people , i tended to jump to conclusions , idealize , ... it's difficult to not take every single sentence blurted out to heart but some have offered the notion that your friend may be immature . that's even more reason to consider that what she does isn't a ... how much do you appreciate honesty ? private : public : new years doesn't mean much to me , actually . i like it for the nice feelings and goals flying in the air , though ! whoa , if you don't mind i'm very curious as to how you came up with this since i've never guessed at being an infj before . i usually get the complete opposite functions , seeing as infj is ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes ... i wish i had a sunlight generator ... i get sad ( duheuerhue ) whenever it's winter and there's no sun . i feel you . sometimes i don't even know if i enjoy being home more or with friends . i have so much fun with friends and when i get home , i wonder why i didn't hang out with them earlier . but then ... we go crazy one day and then you are a corpse the next day . but then i'm not that pissed because i braid your whole head and then quietly retreat . wow , that made me tear up a bit . you've put in to words what i've always wanted to say to explain myself but the words never came out . it makes me extremely happy that you understand the complexities ... not taking responsibility , stubbornness , hypocrisy , arrogance . since i've posted , i've tried to make some platonic friendships with a few guys and i can definitely see the your friendliness comes off as flirtatious . i introduced myself to a guy in my psych ... viva : 4w3 7w6 9w8 so / sx ace face : 3w2 , 7w8 , 1w2 sx / so cue 5c : 6w5 , 3w4 , 9w1 so / sx the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , 9w8 sx / so musicbird : 7w6 , 9w8 , 4w3 eerie : 7w8 - 1w2 - 4w3 ... hahahahahha ! ! i apologize for bumping up this thread but that's one of the best things i've ever read on the forum so far . thanks for making my day ! ! 55174 i have read that a majority of the highest iq's in history were found in intp's . i really wish i could find the article where i've read this though ... i'll keep searching . note : i am not saying ... wow , this sounds so interesting and i'd love to participate one day ! i am really shy at first though so maybe not soon . still such an amazing idea . awww , you are very welcome ! i'm very comforted by this thread as a whole so thank you for always creating such interesting topics ! and uadjksadjsad i feel you . i thought i was just being a bumbling ... aaa , no way ! ! i thought it was only me ! i am so horrible at telling stories and i feel so embarrassed when i mess up ... i mix the whole order , fumble over some sentences , and leave out important ... thank you so much for recognizing the issue and helping me by offering a solution . this really means the world to me ! / hug i will hopefully learn to set boundaries step by step . thank you , ... you guys have such confidence and i feel so lame next to you guys , even if some of you are just portraying confidence , you are very admirable . i lack a lot of common sense and it's really burdensome ... i got 142 from when i took it 3 years ago in sophomore year of high school . not sure if it even changes in such a short period of time . yes , i have a lot of problems and having to explain them is really difficult . i think it's due to my te though because i want to converse rather than have attention on me as i try to articulate my ... i've seen a lot of emerald sea's posts and each one is such a gem ! i love coming across her posts in random threads . the king of dreams really does make the best threads . while lurking in the ... i do agree with you for some things however barring those who will be against you is extremely narrow-minded . you can give such forward allegations yet you won't allow opposing viewpoints to state ... hahaha ! ! so true ! ! or if the actor breaks face , etc . hehe , when i put on the facade of a femme fatale , i would still be insecure all the time . that was the main thing , while i sat there and tried my best to not care , the truth is that i had a huge sack ... dear anonymous , sorry that i can't grow up fast enough . i'm still learning and i want people to be patient with me but sometimes that's too much to ask . sorry that i hurt you all the time . one day ... '