' - the signs in the store are ' actually ' telling you to buy a chocolate bar . really . they are . - you ' know ' that if californians actually used their turn signals , it would save lives . - you put ... the moon of me present be . take care of this the land and sea for time's begun a settled march to things unknown i just want to thank all the poets here , and put this whole thread in my pocket . all day . it's like you're stripping the paint off my walls and using better colors . :) so great , and so real to me , thank you very much bubbleboy ! - you cover your eyes when watching tv shows . you don't ' want ' to know what happens after the commercial break , you want to guess .. - you can ( or are trying ) to retrace the steps of your life to ...  rite one by one lightbulbs are breaking what light seeks to steal from us our sight streaming lengths of girders strain to struct this message in the dark masterful . beautiful picture , thank you welcome veggie ! ! hey , welcome :) moose's stroke when his heart gives up it ’ s juices resigning to deflation binocular vision pinching his armpits yelping brown dog what dog dreams did he see ? autumn boughs how do you feel about the boughs of autumn ? turning with a plow we were close but not so near that we could touch when did you know right back at ya ! : happy : kosmos , i think it's incredible , and at the same time , predictable that your story reminds me of my own start . you are awesome ! your generation will take us to a future i can only dream of , ... what a great article that was ! i just feel a little different about this part : in a dog-eat-dog world , do you feel that you would be torn apart , chewed up and spat out by those who would use ... pretty sure i nailed this one : i propose that the singer / artist known as melanie is an infj counselor : ... before i typed , i didn't understand these things : 1 ) walking just on the sidewalk , i've given the death stare to people and watched them stumble backwards . in my mind though , i remember i was ... sing it sistah - you ' smell ' tension in the air between other people before the rest of the world gets a whif - your sentimentality has no chains - next to your name , the word ' help ' is also your name - you know ... rendered night all hope whole loss in a furious blacklight burning be not a gasp for the vision the eye hates to see the nether and inside-out seven seconds don't rouse me though i turn and mutter nonsense it's not wise to break this dream in seven seconds this topic is good . i say that because i feel that promiscuity feeds infjs endless material < speaking for myself anyway > . evidence : the song ' i really loved harold ' by melanie i think ... - you make all important decisions like keeping the guitar callous on your left-hand fingertips so you can't type and do your day job - you decided to starve for 4 days just so you could buy a capo ... cold wanting my grave always finds me chosen by endless sleep a seeker of my breath take a step . cold wanting just because night falls it's just because nightfall takes your babies from you that you may rest and tethered to your dreams a brick to make them fail it's just because nightfall catatonia catatonia is a country where the worms and weevils dwell your passage isn't noted and the soil will never tell a place you were and again will be conundrum springs eternally incredible ! wow , a lot of good stuff here . i need to mention that i am basically a total newb here . i don't at all understand the tertiary functions or roles you speak of ( but i'm interested as hell ) . i ... - you wish that this forum would pre-thank all the posters , because we already know what they say is real < this ( as you well know ) is not a shameless plug to get thanked > - you willfully give your ... same thing here conway , i guess our crystal ball won't show us the horse in front of the cart sometimes :( horseshoe all the thunder knows is how to hammer the hills blacksmith strikes a chord squeals measured steel nothing came before this moment considerate before the strike without breath 4 stars mumble to me again how smart you are and i'll put : a medal on you 4 stars - you drop ' bombs ' on people , word-bombs that go boom ( people duck ) - you use a lot of metaphors - your ' need to know ' light never burns out - if you don't sense your values expressed in a room , ... welcome apollo . i've only been here a week and i've learned a few things : 1 ) there's some kinda ' thing ' with the infps vs infjs here i perceive . i don't know what it is , but i hide my beer . ... i believe my marbles roll away but thats ok excellent . great and good all of these . thanks surreal snake ! veggies let the worms have their sour meal . vermin rejoice , your food is near ! i call you to feast on this hour ; man is done , his hate has come . sauce has spilled . come , get your fill . the ... i was gonna get all proper with this . it's beautiful . looking crosswise when i was five looking up at the sky i could see swimmers in my eyes . mother said looking crosswise will make you blind . for then i could not help it , i am so glad to be an infj , when i read posts like these . just started reading and i wanted to say that i really really enjoy surreal snake and snail's works ! feeling warm ? if you're ... the pull your car over to the shoulder song welcome kittychrisy , and also thanks luzluna for that description there no , not a hitler secret clubhouse , someone took his toys away and he can't play here anymore there's gotta be a secret clubhouse here somewhere .. :) nice work conway ! i just finished reading please understand me ii and i'm still processing it . i'd really be interested to know ... groundhog day by melanie safka is a song i recently discovered , and it speaks to me about me . you can find it on youtube , i can't post links yet . melanie must have liked it a lot , because she did ... i don't name my religion , i just live by some credos / quotes : treat everyone as you would want to be treated . there is justice in the worms . discretion is the better part of valor . other ... welcome :) that romulan's face at the end of the original star trek tv show's credits . looking at the statistics of my winamp ' most played ' link , i get : 422 plays of chords of fame by melanie safka 203 plays of just an old song by melanie safka 185 plays of steppin by ... '