' i've never played , unless you count being forced to , in school p . e lessons . hopefully , i never have to ever again for the rest of my life . crook . thanks for your answers , and taking the time to read my post . i really appreciate it . i can live with being an infp ! [ although from what i've read on the nt and sj forums , they don't seem very ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... gay intp here . been with my boyfriend , who is an infp for nearly 10 months , i believe . :) we make an interesting duo , to say the least ! extreme racists , homophobics and similar types of people tend to make my mind boil . and also when people deliberately slow my internet speed . :[ that's all i can think of right now . i'm very messy in my bedroom , and i always say to myself i'll clean the room after i finish reading something , then i forget about it for a while , then remember in a few hours [ sometimes days ] to ... yes , i do this all the time when i'm by myself , usually with another version of myself . sometimes i will talk out loud without realising , and people think i'm talking to somebody else in the room , ... i'm really excited for this , but i don't want to get too hyped up either . : happy : kotor 1 & 2 were both amazing for me . i rarely get angry or annoyed , but if somebody does set off a trigger , i usually always give them a hefty dose of silent treatment , which can vary in degree from simply not talking to somebody , to ... i find a lot of it incredibly boring , and the thought of trying something like algebra again makes me want to run as far away as possible from the sadistic tormentor .. still , i think i could do most ... freshly cut grass seems to be quite popular . : blushed : mmm .. off the top of my head : farm animal faeces candle smoke [ when it's blown out ] newly cut grass tree bark certain body odours fresh paint thank you for the welcome . skycloud , you apparently have a similar personality to me , i found that to be interesting . :p roud : just another intp here . i'd been lurking for about a week , and decided to take the plunge and make an introduction post . i don't have much to really say about myself though , i'm afraid . i'm really ... '