' i don't want to fall in love why do i always choke up when it comes to issues of the heart ... i wanted to tell him that i loved him . he flirted with me ; while i thought he was simply playing .. him being the childish person that ... lately these past few days , i've been noticing my patterns of behavior when it comes to others . i sacrifice my own feelings for others , to make sure they're okay . it doesn't matter if they have hurt ... - get better at proper writing ( shocker a infp with bad grammar ) haha - get back to my poem / lyric writing - buy more canvases and paint . - get all my classes that i need . - loose more weight . - become ... smitten ... oh boy not this again lol  i know i've posted this song before , but it's just that good . :) i am strong i am vulnerable i am a musician i am an athlete i am a student i am myself before anything else ( culture ) i am sleepy ^ . ^ i am going to sleep ( if my thoughts don't keep me up ) ... i lack motivation and confidence to pursue a romantic interest ; mostly due to the fact that i don't believe it will get anywhere . i don't really have anyone that can relate to me to a strong degree . although i do have separate people i vent out for separate issues , but other than that i rarely speak out on how intensely i feel ... best way to start a new day , love the lyrics  i love listening to this song on this date :D  thanks on the advice guys , i do enjoy playing tennis and playing my piano on my off time , but even doing so i get incredibly side tracked into day dreaming . i'll be sure to apply some of your ... can you help me find the integral of batman ? anyone have advice on focusing more on my studies than on crushes that obviously will get me no where but procrastinate on the important things . i'm a freshmen college student and am studying to ... 48108 five year old me there's nothing like that swinging feeling :) i haven't been on since forever : bored : here's a song i've been listening to a lot lately :) i'm a trance addict at heart . not much a fan of dubstep ! i haven't been on in a while i'm sorry . _ . to me happiness is an end as well as a beginning ; when people assume that they have reached the point of happiness that is basically the goal and it was reached . that's why people yearn so much for ... confused , peaceful , okay . 1 . yes 2 . yes 3 . above 4 . yes gemini lol , i feel like i'm one of the few the proud . yeah astrology is a bunch of funny stuff to me :P i've never bin drunk in my life . i have cousins who love playing beer pong so we played several rounds and everyone including some friends got really hammered . except for me of course , i ended up ... i have no words to describe how awesome this is to me . 18857 my friend took this one without my knowing . surprisingly it really caught the me , me . xd btw this was taken at warp tour . i didn't really want to go because of the people and the music but at ... no longer sick ! :D i'm 54 , i hate being so short . sick , tired , scared . well i grew up catholic and had had plenty of christian friends . i'm not much of a believer in religion now . i used to be in choir , i knew so many prayers by the age of 4 by memory cute little kid ...  i'm not much for the music my generation enjoys but the lyrics on this fit my emotions right now . no need to look around ... haha , i have learned to somehow realize this to an extent ; i'm still young . for me the most important thing is connection but then again connection is love . i'd rather use connection just for the ... like this small sharp pain in the top part of my stomach directly underneath my chest . as though i've lost that connection with people in general , pretty damn lonely . i need to make new friends and ...  i like both versions so i just had to put it there haha although its not yet sunday but there just has to be a way . everything will be alright , right ? :) i know i'm a highly sensitive person and an empath to some degree . i usually just try to focus on trivial things and i mean focus ! so that the emotions of others don't completely overwhelm me . i ... 16266 a few years back , i love my coffee :) also i have hazel colored eyes but the camera was pretty bad :P known some call is air am - house of leaves . phonetically similar to the latin non sum qualis eram which translates to i am not as i was '