' wow ! this is really good advice . however we asked each other out mutually last night , read my previous post for more details ... sorry you had to type all that :P . sent from my nexus 5 using ... well it worked out , just not in the way i thought it would happen . so we were texting for awhile and i randomly sent her a really old picture i had of her that i used to use for her profile picture ... fine , i'll tell you what happened ... basically a bunch of people ( mostly from other forums ) started making the thread about objectifying women and then people started making satire threads about the ... my least favourite colour is orange , and if you want to know what happened to the forums read the tits or ass thread . sent from my nexus 5 using tapatalk yeah , i'm pretty confused why i get so anxious about it too , i will be happy with either conclusion ( of course it would be preferred if possibility 1 , outcome 1 were the case . ) but for some reason i ... hopefully it all goes well , she just texted me asking if i wanna do anything when she gets back from her vacation , i will try to follow through with this soon . about her type ... she tends to be ... she took the test about a year back and it said she was a intp , however i'm pretty sure she is infx . she has an account on this forum , but to my knowledge hasn't ever used it . sent from my nexus 5 ... we already do stuff like that , ( go to a cafe / go longboarding / sit down somewhere and talk ) it's really no different from the norm for us , plus we already know each other really well so i don't think i ... well i have some pretty bad anxiety ... my parents also put me in cbt . it helped a lot in the beginning , now it either helps or makes me feel worse . thanks , i needed that , i have been overthinking this entire thing when i really should just go with it . i have only one more question i would like someone here to answer , she is on vacation for a ... ok i will try to pay more attention to her when we talk , in case she is hinting at something . also , obligatory ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) something similar to this has happened by circumstance , i was ... i think i will just suck it up and ask her outright , in a more casual way . however i think i might just ask her out over text , that isn't rude or anything right ? sent from my nexus 5 using tapatalk first thing i would like to mention , i mistyped that entire statement about deciding to stay friends . so i will clear things up here ... ( cut me some slack it was 3am and i was in the backseat of my ... oh , one thing i forgot to mention ... we used to both like each other a year back but decided to just stay friends for a little bit longer , however we kinda forgot about that and just stayed friends ... ya , i really need to stop doing that , thinking about other peoples business isn't going to help my problems , only add more fuel to the fire that is me otherthinking stuff . sent from my nexus 5 ... i am currently it a confusing situation ... i am best friends with a girl , we will stay up until 2am chatting and we hang out in person multiple times a week . however i also have a huge crush on said ... i'm an intp an i like a wide variety of games for different reasons ... i play the odd fps to blow off some steam . i like to get invested lore heavy rpgs like tes and fallout , i like to play a good ... my brain cells just committed mass suicide . ps : i like you avatar / name , it's sure nice to see a fellow mother / earthbound fan around here ! [ edit : oh shit , that was just posted . guess i'm not ... switching to an ebook whenever my teacher gets too close . anyway i have decided i will be abandoning my 3 year old windows laptop ( except for gaming , it still does that good for some reason [ emoji 53 ] ) in favor of a shiny new ( or in this case refurbished ) ... damn ... grave dig much . i am in the school currently and have had no problems with religion in it . try not to die . a scar across my finger because i once nearly cut my finger of when cutting with extremely sharp scissors because i started daydreaming ... very long hair ( usually dyed , currently dyed pink because of a thing i do once a year where i dye it pink then shave ... ranged or stealth . so usually a mage , archer or theif . archery and paintball . it was kind of hard to explain , i mean when when the person he is part of dies , he moves on to the next insane person , the cycle continues until one mentally insane person he is a part of lives till ... holy crap i never even thought of that ! that is a really good idea though . it is supposed hint at him being slightly mentally unstable from the start , and the punishment only furthers his ( slight ) insanity . haha sorry about that , satan is supposed to be the one doing most of the dickish things , simple mistake . i am thinking about writing a novel , i am only a child so this will be a long project , and i was wondering if this is a decent plot idea . an atheist office worker gets killed during the 9/11 ... coffe in the morning , black tea for the rest of the day . from kindergarten to grade 2 girls would always sing this jingle girls go to college to get more knowledge , boys go to jupiter to get more stupider ! from grade 1and on i would always respond with ... what i love : 1 . teh interwebz 2 . sarcasam ! ( unfortunately not everyone likes it * cough * parents * cough * ) 3 . video games 4 . hanging out / texting with my ( very ) close friends 5 . anime what i ... don't get me wrong , i like warm weather , but there seems to be something about thunderstorms , rain and blizzards that calm me ( blizzards only do this when i'm inside :P ) , i love talking long walks in ... tell him the utter is like a pink carrot . the best way to climb walls me : * slows down on longboard * some kid : * intentionally hits longboard with bike * me : * falls off board * me : shit ! what the hell man ! random adult : watch your mouth ! ! ! there are little kids ... so far , the most popular seem to be hitchhikers guide to the galaxy and lotr ( i have already read the hobbit :P ) ... i shall pick up hitchhikers guide to the galaxy next . i actually got tickets to a linkin park / of mice and men / rise against concert in february , don't ask me how , she just said hey , wanna go to a concert , i got tickets , just pay me 75 $ : laughing : . i get these all the time , one second i'm enjoying life , the next i'm dwelling on something i did a year ago . i went to chapters this evening , i wanted a book , i haven't really gotten into one for a few months ( last was paper towns by john green ) , i was looking through the fiction section when my mom ... i started listening to mcr lately and i love them ! they are up their in my favourite bands ... i also love green day , i have all of their albums and listen to about 2 a day : laughing : . who else likes ... [ ignore this post ] i'm currently obsessed with mcr , listening the the album the black parade ... its pretty damn good . people who do things just to be popular ... i definitely don't still do this ... im currently in middle school and i am too feel this way : laughing : , their are people that have had 4 girlfriends since september ... like holy shit , is that even possible . i prefer single when i want to relax , multiplayer when i want to have a exciting game with my friends ... though i prefer single for the story elements / mechanics , which are generally more creative ... i have a inxp best friend ... we have similar taste in music and other things , and we both identify as best friends . to be honest this is my first ever so i know almost nothing :P . i knew a lot about on evolution at 6 years old , seriously ... i knew that it was non-linear progression system , that it was caused by random mutations passed down to offspring ect . i only took out ... '