' i was just curious . i dont see many esfj on here and the esfj forum is pretty much dead . feel free to ask me anything . i would have to say intp lol i love german shepards . my sister is an infj and i have called her harsh when she becomes systematical , analytical , logical like a detective in an interrogation room when i am telling a story to people around her . people deny they are extroverted ! ? why would they do that ? in seriousness , i think its because they don't want to be percieved as emotional and unstable . i dont have a cell phone but i do use bluestacks android player and use the google voice app . i have days were i send 200 messages a day , and others with barely 2 messages . i haven't met many people who deny being extroverts , but again most people are not aware of what being extroverted means . i think it might be because we can come of as phony or alittle too friendly sometimes . where its good news or bad , i am an esfj . at that time i took the questionnaire i didn't want to believe it , but after many cognitive function tests and my intj sister observations i am an esfj lol . mango hello lads , esfj male here jabberbroccoli romantic i am actually an esfj , you guys were correct all along . thank you for having my back , it is much appreciated . * high five * whoah ! i thought he was just teasing . lets take some time off our busy schedule and relax to some transatlantic tunes . i stongly beleive / i am either entp or enfp but if i was esfj it would be ... enfp , we would make it fun to work out i hate you whats going on in this thread ? oh good , the battle of whether i am entp or enfp begins again for myself . the green describe me well , and the orange is 50/50 . i think i use fe by : understanding why someone acts a certain ... can you provide me with some research , i want to know more update : this is my secomd week of college and i know i can get all as if i dont do assignments at the last minute . this is what i am doing to combat procastination . 1 . planning i downloaded a ... i play the whatever happens happens game . i used to analyze the trousers out of the dating game . do you exercise ? red is acting arrogant , acting like an expert on the subject , but avoiding the question because its beneath them and reflecting it with the hahahas . red is also debating instead of collaborating . ... urine is sterile , why would you have issues sticking your hand in it to retrieve something ? you and i are exactly alike 95 % . we probably have the same exact personality . i think we are borderline entp and enfp . you are the comapssionate entp you are the agressive enfp . 738 , 783 ... i can relate , im not mister giggles at all but i make friends with everyone . you might be the rare 7w8 enfp like myself . 100 % agree with you . enfp 7w8 , 3w2 , 9w8 checking in . enfp 7w8 , 3w2 , 9w8 checking in . edit : im also sx / so / sp . for the longest type i thought i was an entp . my tritype is 739 . 379 , 739 , 937 - the ambassador : you like people and are ... how did you find me ! we are are going to have a very long chat . i hate the eye in your avatar . i dont know how you see everything ! i am flabbergasted ! ... let us know below ! theme song - wonderful night - fatboy slim mascot - rainbow 20 % more cool dash i stopped playing with my digimon action figures when i was 14 . 9/10 it makes me think of what am i doing in my life . type 7 isfp you are very rare . my final conclusion is that you are isfp but you exhibit enfp behavior with people you trust and especially with people who you find harmless ... welcome this is your new home . entp forum - the visionaries one thing we know is that you are a strong 7 . this subforum should have plenty of answers for you . type 7 forum - the enthusiast type 1 : ixxj type 2 : exfx type 3 : exxj type 4 : ixfx type 5 : ... did you see happen to see a number like this under your results ? 46502 can you take the test immerse suggested , this will really help out alot . keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes i actually understand it lol . lets see .. 1 . ) hmm , do you usually become obsessed with something you are trying to figure out , and forget to eat and drink water ? 2 . ) what type of music do ... well being shy and not shy doesnt mean introverted or extroverted . entps are the shyest of the extroverts . introverted = get energized by being alone , drained being around ... which one sounds more like yourself ? judging ( j ) i use my decision-making ( judging ) preference ( whether it is thinking or feeling ) in my outer life . to others , i seem to prefer a planned or ... how do / did you take notes at school ? are you a messy or neat person ? i reading . although if i read late at night it makes me that much sleepier . sitting in a coffee shop and writing . researching . all of this stimulates and strengthens my mental state . n i beleive you are entp , i am 90 % sure . this is classic entp , we love novelty , are comfotable around strangers , and get energized by people . entp here , welcome to the clan . your new homebase is below . entp forum - the visionaries same here , and i suspect others do the same . people that think that just because they are good at call of duty they should join the army make chuckle . put up a sign on the door at work that a new security system has been installed . and that it is voice activated . nothing beats listening to people say open 8 times instead of pushing a door open ... i am entp with so many questions i can ask . how do you deal with his procastination of things ? that would be the perfect slogan ! '