' shadowprince swordsman of mana redredo enneathusiast here is something i wrote in reply to someone the other day about my identity problems . i thought maybe it'd be of some help in ... i just got this result on a tri-type test so maybe you're right : your trifix is 2w3 , 6w5 , 9w8 i've actually had this result several times before but sometimes it's 6w5 , 9w8 , 2w3 or 6w5 , 2w3 , ... i'm not talking about just talking about your feelings when you're in the mood , i'm talking about addressing a problem as it arises . i've even heard fi-users talk about feeling like if they put too ... thanks so much for your response . i did type as 2w3 in the beginning , but i always felt like it wasn't quite right . as i mentioned , my mom is a 2 . i typed her as a 2 before i made her take the test ... hi everyone ! i typed myself as a phobic 6w5 , but i was reading an article the other day and now i'm confused again ... lol , i don't know what's wrong with me but i don't think i'm a very self-aware ... hmm , interesting . i wonder if it's not just an fi-fe difference . because if something bothers me i'm going to vocalize it . i'm very direct about things and i automatically assume others are as well ... haha , a bite mark ! wtf ? yeah i know , it all really was funny on the surface until i started to feel like he wasn't respecting my limits . i think he was aware and intentionally crossing the line , yes ... don't be afraid to list as many examples as possible . :) exactly ! it feels like if not everything is about them all the time that they start to freak out . i'm not friends with that guy anymore because he was really messed up and had alot of daddy issues . i ... thanks for the reply / advice . no worries ... i got away from this particular individual a long time ago , but it has been my experience with other esfps that they have all been this way to a certain ... where does the line cross with healthy playful aggression to physical abuse ? the thing is i like playful aggression and roughhousing . but it's my experience with se-doms in the form of esfps only at ... frickin ' life long acid trip . nobody can type you but yourself . you can let someone apply a label to you but you're never going to be satisfied unless you discover it for yourself . tests can be really inaccurate . i tested as ... i mainly put it up just for fun ... lol take it from a koon ? i think you should change your profile picture to a troll . ;) here's the link : thanks for alerting me . hi everyone , i'm interested in seeing if there is any correlation between the 5 different love languages and personality types . your love language is how you most prefer to give and receive love ... i'll put one in the intj section and see what happens . ;) the theory is that we use all 8 functions but the shadow functions are used much less often , take more effort to use , and tire us quicker . the mbti system is somewhat flawed . i can go to personalitypage.com , look at the descriptions , and say that i identify with at least 4 different types pretty consistently . i took tests and typed as ... if your dominant function is a judging function , you're a judger . no matter what the letters say . if your dominant function is a perceiving function , then you're a perceiver . ni is a perceiving ... you're welcome , i'm glad i could help . :) here's a really great article if you want to learn more about ni and ne : extraverted intuition ( ne ) vs . introverted intuition ( ni ) - personality junkie intj actually is a dominant perceiver . the judging functions are : fi ( introverted feeling ) fe ( extroverted feeling ) ti ( introverted thinking ) te ( extroverted thinking ) the perceiving ... all of those things you mentioned about intj are stereotypes . ni is the analyst , and ne the inventor . read this article on ni and ne : extraverted intuition ( ne ) vs . introverted intuition ( ni ) - ... that sounds like ni and te then . intj do you feel more like ; an analyst ( placing more of your focus on a subject ) or an inventor ( placing more of your focus on an object ) ? based on this statement alone i'd say that you're ne . you're an infp . ne is obviously not limited in it's use to just ideas alone , but i was using this as an example to get a feel for which function ... what is your definition of ni and ne ? what do you mean that my idea sounds concrete ? i'm pretty sure saying that something transpiring out of thin air ( intuition ) is the opposite of concrete ... this ... it's all good ! :) thanks for the link , that is probably the best explanation i've come across so far . please explain , i'm starting to get so confused ... haha maybe i didn't explain myself well , i didn't mean the ability to put yourself in someone shoes specifically , what i meant was that all of the sudden i'll have an idea for a song . out of nowhere i get ... maybe i should clarify , i meant to ask what the process is that you go about when you're creating ? i meant to say it doesn't matter what you're creating--i just wanted to see the process you use ... so this is actually where i start to differ from your description of the infp , because i'm likely to consider everyone involved in a situation before i make a bias . actually for me there usually is ... i've gone back and forth between enfp and infp for her ... not everyone within the country music community has to be an sfj . : rolleyes : she does have an si influence within some of her music , but i ... hi everyone , i'm interested in seeing if there is any correlation between the 5 different love languages and personality types . your love language is how you most prefer to give and receive love ... hi everyone , i'm interested in seeing if there is any correlation between the 5 different love languages and personality types . your love language is how you most prefer to give and receive love ... hi everyone , i'm interested in seeing if there is any correlation between the 5 different love languages and personality types . your love language is how you most prefer to give and receive love ... hi everyone , i'm interested in seeing if there is any correlation between the 5 different love languages and personality types . your love language is how you most prefer to give and receive love ... do you remember what your 2nd most likely type was ? because getting ideas based on what is externally going on sounds like ne . for example , i get random ideas or inklings that seem to pop out of no ... you're welcome ! :) believe it or not , not every j type is a better leader . i think it mostly has to do with whether or not your dominant function is judging or perceiving . the judging ... yes , the cognitive functions test was the first feel out the territory ... socionics goes in for the kill . :) have you ever considered taking a socionics tests ? i find it the most enlightening . let me ask you this ... are you creative at all ? i mean creative in any sense not just artistic ... do you get ... let me give you another test : socionics tests post the results when you're done . let me ask you this ; are you creative at all ? i don't mean exclusively art or writing , i mean creative in any ... mistere is right about the 5 love languages . that's good stuff . but strictly based on my experience from having an istj father--he always wanted everything to be all leave it to beaver-like . it ... mom ( esfj ): are you listening ? what did i just say ? dad ( istj ): mmmhmm . me : i can't do this . dad : sometimes in life you just have to do things you don't want to do . me : * facepalm * take this test : jungian cognitive functions test it focuses less on confusing descriptions and only on the cognitive functions . it'll get to the bottom of whether you use fi or ti as your dominant ... i'm picking up a lot of si . i think you're isfj , but the best thing you can do is take this test : jungian cognitive functions test it focuses less on the letters , and more on the functions . once ... you sound a lot like me and the struggle that i've been having . sure i was inf but never sure about the j / p . there's quite a bit of subjectivity involved with direct vs . informing communication ... you are right , everyone is individual , and no two people are going to act exactly alike in any circumstance . i don't think it's so much as all of our actions have to line up , but more of a preference ... ah , i think you're an entp my friend . in case you didn't already know , in socionics extroverts ( dominant function is extroverted ) stay the same ( entp is mbti entp ) but introverts change ( an intj ... have you considered entp ( ne , ti , fe , si ) ? i think it's possible you might be filtering ti through ne and perceiving it to be te . entp would also make sense for fe and si preferences . you scored pretty ... '