' why is it so hard for me to make friends ? i can , but i reckon it's my fault for not getting out of my comfort zone , and just staying in my room or studying all day . it's my third year of college , and ... how girls gotta shave their body hair : frustrating : not with my talents--i let that shit run on its own and expose it to the world , perhaps too obnoxiously . however , i'm more particular about my hobbies . it depends on how embarrassing they are . not with my talents--i let that shit run on its own and expose it to the world , perhaps too obnoxiously . however , i'm more particular about my hobbies . it depends on how embarrassing they are . penelope cruz and the cute little girl from wreck-it-ralph i hate how my own stupid fear gets in the way of me doing the things i enjoy . why am i so scared that i won't make any friends if i join this club ? - - even tho the ppl within that club would have ... black pink in your area : wink : thinking about how i've abused my body with so much processed crap these past several years of my life , and now that i've embarked on a journey of eating in moderation with emphasis on getting enough ... analytical , observant , thoughtful . you seem like the type of person whom others would run to for some sage-ass advice but without fear of overbearing bluntness getting distracted from physics hw fantastic . met a cute guy who shares the same interests as me and let's just hope i don't fuck this up just thinking about how an old friend is gonna visit me this weekend . well , an ex boyfriend to be specific and i just can't help but think of a possibility of a rekindling . then again my affections ... i desire a who feeling pretty shitty tbh . mom was honest and told me i've gained a lot of weight since christmas and don't look as good anymore . i do appreciate her honesty , tho--i needed that shock factor . and ... i love them tbh , a boyfriend how much my sister pisses me off and can be a fucking bitch i feel like complete shit . haven't felt like this in quite a while . i always succumb to my compulsiveness , and i fucking hate myself for it . one leads to another and becomes a never ending cycle of ... piece of shit a boyfriend , tbh . and no , my self-esteem is not low . sometimes i just just wanna release all inhibitions of mine and just sleep around cuz i know i cud get some pretty easily if tried currently planning my essay due tuesday : frustrating : i'm going off to college , and i'm thinking about my family and friends and how much i'm going to miss them . i'm also very nervous , to be frank . quite swell , actually . i got my ap scores back , and i'm so happy that i passed spanish , albeit with just a 3 , but a passing score nonetheless , and considering that i skipped spanish 4 , i'm pretty ... you're so fucking weird ataulfo mangoes . yummm i just want my longboard to arrive already . and i just also really want to study abroad / travel right now . oops wrong thread , and i don't know how / too lazy to delete this . quite splendid . i took my ap literature exam this morning , and i feel optimistic of my performance . also finished 2 pieces for ap art ; should have all my ap shit ready for tomorrow . i also ... no problem , yo :D awww , this is so sweet ! your post seriously made my day . thank you so much ; it really means a lot to me when people appreciate my work , and it means even more when i actually inspire someone to do ... sincerest thank you ; you saved my life 316938 3169 46 316954 3169 62here it is guys ! my life-size , cardboard baby grand piano ~ i branded it as x93lanwinx94 because my name is lan nguyen , and the slurred american pronunciation of my last name ... ok , guys , i dunno if any of you still remember this , but around a year ago i posted up 2 pics of a piece i was working on - a cardboard baby grand piano . i promised i would post up pics when i ... just had a wendy's quarter pound burger , a cup ofsome vietnamese black bean soup dessert , a bowl of sweet sticky rice , and a mango . what a sweet sweet post school snack at first , i really couldn't give a fuck as to what my genius personality is , but then when ellen's face popped up on my scream , i kind of fangirled really hard . yes , i share something in common with ... reminiscing hypothetical achievements . wow , i just found out my yamaha guitar isn't even 50 bucks . i knew it was shitty , but guess my uncle didn't when he bought it years ago . just when i put on new strings ( elixir 80/20 ) on my main ... 248258 sorry guys for the fucked up orientation and for the slight fuzziness of the picture . this piece is an abstract wooden scultpure ; i literally just chopped up similar lengths of wood and then ... 248210 2482 18 248226 2482 34 this is a penny rollercoaster i made for my 3d art ap class . i'm pretty sure i used over 30 dollars worth of pennies . i used dimes as the tracks and 2 dollar bills as ... stressing out . applying to cornell . just sent requests to recommenders today , but two of them were already writing a letter for another scholarship . gosh , i fucked up last year so badly ... i really ... thanks ! and ummm ... for piano , i wouldn't say well as in classical-competition-ready-well , seeing as my techniques aren't good since i didn't have formal training . i also can't sight read , but i can ... i hate myself i'm so fucking annoyed . excuse me for such language and pre-excuse me for the following multiples times i will soon cuss . also , i apologize for not writing this in a rant thread--but that's only ... oh yes ; one should always rely on doo wop for maximum eargasm experience nobody likes mondays because it reminds of us of how we wasted our sunday doing nothing . true story . misogynists , go fuck yourselves . oh wait , you probably already do because every time you come near a vagina , it experiences a drought . when you fear posting in the sex and relationships section or anything too personal because you can't help but worry that should you ever become a famous politician or celebrity , all your posts on ... when you keep a diary or journal . when writing is therapeutic . i feel like shit today . and i feel like i look the role as well . sigh ... i slept past my alarm cuz i was so tired from working 6 hours on my stupid penny rollercoaster project ... ok granted , i did ... '