' i've found everyone's posts really illuminating because this is similar to how i experience emotion - which probably sounds weird coming from an intj but in my case i think i have a very strong fi ... i think the library stereotype for intj is pretty accurate . in real life almost all other intjs i have known have been completely obsessed with books and devouring knowledge . i currently would be ... toooyyyzzz ! i wantz them ... yes . : tongue : yup we are . and i started going why why why why why why why why why why why but whhhyyy ? ? ? as soon as i could talk and i haven't ever stopped . and i dream about candy stores ... yes i do this but i am not visual at all . but i have a complete conceptual model of the world inside my head that i refer to constantly . it appears to me more as an impression which makes total ... i know many highly intelligent sensors . my best friend is estj . we did an iq test together one day and both got high scores within 2 points of each other . the only difference in how we answered the ... looking forward to seeing the new improvements . thanks to everyone who is involved in running this forum also . it's awesome . : happy : well , if two nts appear to be arguing about something intellectual i don't think they'd mind being asked are you guys angry with each other or just debating ? my father is also tj like me and we ... beautiful post :p roud : this is how you know when you are intj - you're in the middle of a great debate with another nt and an nf comes along and kills the conflict and you're really ... this is a really excellent observation you've made ! it explains exactly what happens when my isfj friend and i get into an arguement ! this is exactly true ! arguements with isfj friend often ... intj too . i play in a band with my entj friend . we both hate indirectness ! i wonder if other nts are self deprecating at times too to avoid appearing arrogant when in debating mode . i even do ... i like this one ! i guess i could also try is it ok to put this in the freezer ? : tongue : awww : blushed : i wonder if this is a difference between intps and intjs . i can remember lots of incidents in my life right back to when i was 3 but they are sort of fuzzy and indistinct rather than clear and ... we are fluffy inside . you just have to make your way unharmed through the tanks , armed security forces , ninja ambushes and break into the impenetrable fortress where the indestructable vault is keep ... what are you guys like with remembering details from the past ? are you really good at it and find you can recall information you took in a long time ago or do you have memories like goldfish and find ... so do you find you can recall the details of your plans from your memory easily at any time no matter how old the memory is ? this is my sticking point - i cannot even remember the details i was ... do you do that because you prefer to keep the more important things private ? that's interesting . that's how i prefer to talk to people too but i find my isfj friends do this less than me ... i have a lot of isfj friends and i've noticed that all of them can talk pretty much non stop when they are with people they are comfortable with . one of my closest friends is isfj . even though i ... yes . sounds fascinating . oh yes , this is imperative otherwise we will go : confused : and then our heads explode and make a mess on the carpet ... i am working on too many things at once ... yes . damn ! you got me . i like to do this also . i write everything down before i forget what my ideas were . ( memory of a goldfish you see ... ) hmmm , actually i am not sure i expect less ... yep , i think that is a great way to handle things . i do this even for myself . all my tasks i want to work on a broken up into smaller components so they are easier to work on . and i like to figure ... i know what you mean . i can be methodical and analyse data very well . but dealing with details doesn't come very naturally and if there are masses of details they stress me out big time as i find it ... yes ! i originally typed myself as intp . just from a broad and general perspective it makes sense since i am introverted , intuitive and a thinker . interestingly , i don't score that high for j and ... oh dear god that is so true ! i can remember playing legos as a kid and despite having a wildly inventive imagination my lego creations always had an element of purposeful realism to them . i would be ... yes they are ! good point . absolutely ! more so when i was a kid because i was more daydreamy then and less aware of my surroundings than i am now . i used to have omg ! ! ! i have a body ! ... stuff ... hmmm i see what you mean . most of my intp friends ( yes , i am lucky enough to have several ! ) are brilliant with ideas but not in any hurry to stop thinking them up and apply them . they're happy ... i have strange thought moments like : when i am doing the dishes i start wondering about the water and how it is gazillions of molecules and how weird it is they make something fluid when ... that is very cool : cool : i like your plan ... were they zombie bikers ? ... zombie bikers : brains ! ... brains ! ... [ dropping body parts and running over them with bikes ] [ knock on teachers door ] teacher : hello ? zombie bikers : ' ellooo , we're ... that's a very helpful suggestion ! and often true . i read a great quote the other day don't take life too seriously as no one gets out alive anyway ! or something like that . i think people cause ... that's a generous way to take a compliment ! : tongue : yep , that is how my fi works . probably by analogy then we intjs go on to use te to look for external logical consensus ( i . e . logic that always proves true in the real world ) and our private fi ... great question ! i hope this never happens because i like using the thanks . it's like limiting the number of hugs you can ever give out in your lifetime ( strange for an intj i know ) ... would you ... i might write than in my diary as a prediction and see if it comes true . i think the geologist would have the upper hand definitely since they measure geological activity and collect data from ... wicked ! : cool : sounds to me like you need to be the one in charge . i have this arrangement with my entj partner even though in theory you would expect he would naturally be the one in charge ( being the extrovert ... yeah , my mum is enfp and my dad is istj . you don't have an istj mother do you ? that would be funny . i've wondered if it's possible for your personality type to be influenced by genetics - i . e . two ... i know a few enfps ( my mum , my friends and colleagues ) . yes , they all seem pretty good at cause and effect thinking ! they also seem to be good at using the strategy of thinking i'm not going to ... ha ! that is so funny . i am working on a business project with my entj friend . same deal . i am the visionary one who sets the big picture direction , and he comes up with the worst case scenarios and ... ha ! that is so funny . i sort of do that as i am playing chess too . though as you might guess i play all the possible moves ( for as many turns ahead as i need to create my strategy ) through in my head ... that got cancelled due to lack of rsvps to the party 99942 apophis - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia don't forget the 12 flying pink unicorns of the apocolypse go in that prophecy ... thanks . this is a good idea and is definitely going to happen because management agree with me on this issue . however , i think he still will be offended no matter how respectfully we put it ( or even ... i've been told i've always been really cuddly . that is by my mum though ! with close friends and family i love hugs . actually , i will basically hug anything that moves - even my tj friends get hugs ... that's good advice . to some degree this already happens though since i usually let him ramble all his ideas and then leave him to choose how he is going to go about something and use his own ... sounds like a good plan . i'd be worried about getting beaten up by a gang or something though ! perhaps you are a bit like me . i am 100 % intj . but i am rather an empathetic one and i figure ... ha ! that is good . i've been working on some business ideas with an intp friend . he comes up with the ideas - i organize everything ! to be honest i can do quite a good intp impersonation at ... when it comes to entps generating a million ideas i find that i really like it when it's something done for fun ( e . g . i get together with an entp friend and we are having a laugh . i don't even mind ... [ / quote ] i agree with tiroth here . i think intps are actually more doubting of themselves than intjs who look through all the possibilities available to them , pick the one that seems to make the ... omg ! i'm pleased i am not the only person who feels like that ! yesterday i felt like that because someone else ran over a baby hedgehog ! a few weeks ago i even stopped a line of traffic so i could ... '