' when i was younger , i used to regularly contribute articles to a science fiction newsletter , as well as short stories . i guess that , in my heyday , i would be contributing several pages to each issue ... i regularly help out at my church's drop-in for the homeless and vulnerable and at my local winter night shelter when it is running . sure , there are a few ' pretenders ' out there , but as you get to ... ugh ... ( shudders ) i've been in a customer service position in an office for most of my working life , and haven't had too much of a problem with it . 85 % of the job relates to emails , so there's enough of a distance ... i don't mind deadlines , particularly if they are self-imposed . they are the best kind , as they give the person you are working for an idea of the complexity of the task . yeah , i can do that , it'll ... hot drinks : coffee cold drinks : fruit juice , squash is it just social awkwardness ? i think that certain types of people simply don't get me . with the right group of people i'm just fine and can be very open . drop me into a busy party full of loud , ... i am often surprised by some people's reaction to something that i say . usually , because i am rarely controversial ( except in very extreme circumstances ) . typically , then i end up reviewing what ... i have thought long and hard about this , and am biased towards abnegation , with amity and erudite to a lesser extent . however , isn't the whole idea that we should be working towards being all five ? i'm in my fifties and have held ten separate paid jobs over the last thirty-odd years . i've pretty much lost count of the different voluntary positions that i have held , but i estimate that i've held ... i get hot under the collar when i hear something that clearly isn't the truth , but often have to moderate my feelings until i've looked into it . sometimes the problem is not that the person is ... travelling trouble-shooter ; spending a day or two , or perhaps even a week in various offices sorting out their problems , thenmoving on to the next . evenings would be spent in a camper , with all the ... i'm best first thing in the morning . productivity slips down from there . have to really work hard to get anything done in the afternoon ! :) boy , have you hit the nail on the head ! why am i the one that works through my lunch hour to get the job done ? why is it that i go the extra mile to ensure that voluntary commitment goes ahead ? ... a lot of the time it is identifying commonalities between our separate ' outlooks on life ' . we tend to do our own separate things and then compare notes later ... he is a teenager and therefore is ... for me , it is definitely ' tiredness-related ' . i am far more emotional ( irritated , angry , upset ) if i have been working hard all day and stuff happens in the evening ... or if i have been up all ... every day is a new day . a new chance to start over . to make a difference in the world . to tell someone you love them , to be a friend . so make today a good one . don't put it off until tomorrow ... ... what do you do for a living ? i am currently employed in the insurance department of a major charity . what were your reasons to choose this work , and what do you like about it ? i wanted something ... i can identify with this . i can sit down and plan in intricate detail how to suddenly up and disappear , vanish in a puff of smoke , become totally invisible . mind you , you'd have to leave behind so ... unfortunately , my mother-in-law fishes for sympathy on a regular basis . she's clearly an extrovert , so i end up sitting there as she pours out her life in intricate detail to me , while i try to ... what is your theory for how earth was created . ( the planet , not the people or things on the planet ) do you want to know how the earth was created , or should the question be who created it ? how , we ... i have often been accused of overthinking things - dwelling too much on past mistakes , taking too much to heart , etc . it now appears that people are reading too much into the things i say when ... i've set myself some bold and brash goals for 2014 : to get to grips with a particular health issue and persevere with this until it is resolved to pursue a more local job - but this must ... other descriptions that are used of infjs are that we are counselors . wikipedia ( that great fount of knowledge ) describes counselors as follows : counselors are introspective , cooperative , ... i agree . i usually take it as read that people won't remember who i am . sometimes , i am surprised , but it's not often . rarely , they'll even say thanks for some small act of kindness given in the ... i struggle with my moods . whether that means i have depression has been a debating point for a while now . i've heard all the arguments ... yes , the world does make me crazy . and this encourages me to go out and do something about it . at least one thing each day to make the world a better place . make someone smile . help somebody in ... i haven't been drunk for over twenty years - but i still remember the effects . i would get extremely depressed , which would lead me to others telling me to have another just to ' drown my sorrows ' . ... how about a job as an auditor ? lots of attention to detail ; contact with people ( but not too close ); opportunity to think through some different situations and to come up with a solution in each of ... this is clearly a defining trait as can be seen by the response . in addition , i would also agree with those who see an interesting post and then draft a response - but never actually get around to ... what do you hope to gain from the experience ? since discovering myers-briggs and working out that i am an infj , i suppose that i wanted to explore the concept further - in order to better understand ... sar · casm ( särkzm ) n . 1 . a cutting , often ironic remark intended to wound . 2 . a form of wit that is marked by the use of sarcastic language and is intended to make its victim the butt of contempt or ... never . i hate sarcasm . much prefer to say something witty and deep . i have studied both profiles and can see similarities in each to my own personality in each , but infj fits me far better . here's a selection from my regular playlist : andy williams the beautiful south the carpenters clannad evanescence jake thackray i can relate to this . too busy concentrating on one task to completion , you forget everything else . and then it hits you suddenly . i can't say that i have this particular talent . i do have two very useful resources , though - i have facebook , which usually tells me when my friend's birthdays are coming up - and i have my wife , ... travel the world be mortgage free - should happen this year learn to play the guitar write a novel somewhere in the countryside ( away from the noise and distractions of modern life ) in a detached house in its own grounds . walls and gates around the outside to ensure i'm not disturbed unless i know ... absolutely . with great power comes great responsibility . :) seeking fresh challenges . new people to help . new problems to overcome . absolutely . i spend a good deal of time seeking meaning in my relationships with people , working out the spiritual element in my life . without it , without meaning in all i do and experience , what's ... to coin a phrase , yes there is life , but not life as we know it ... ... and sometimes i find that i have picked up an emotion when coming into the room . i draw a connection and everyone in the room denies it . two weeks later i discover they weren't exactly ... yes , i can understand how you could think that ... let me try and explain . my religion ( for want of a better word ) is more than just adherence to a moral code , to a set of rules . it's a relationship - ... i am a christian ; it's a fundamental part of who i am and how i relate to the world . and as an infj , i use my intuition to its best when in service for my lord and saviour . how do i stay a ... how many of you use facebook ? and if so , how does it make you feel ? i use facebook on a daily basis , to keep in touch with the people i care about , and hopefully care about me . i don't as a rule ... what an odd thread ! unfortunately , yes , count me in , too . drives my wife crazy ... would love to know why ... absolute favourite genre has to be science fiction . brought up on the stuff . also particularly identify with fantasy , comedy , action , superhero , detective . historical sometimes , although perhaps ... how easily do you trust people ? was there any event ( assuming you are weary of people ) that made you cautious ? i have to get to know people very well before i can really trust them . there was a time ... '