' is it easier for you to maintain , or harder ? do you think your relationship to your friend can grow without contact in-person ? do you have a preferred method of contact ? electronically ( email , ... with strangers / here than people you could talk / get to know to at work / school ? just wondering , if that's the case . i'd guess more freely about your beliefs , interests , beyond mbti or any other type ... like , it seems nothing bothers you , at least to the extend that it won't get to you if someone happens to annoy or invade your personal space . or that unlike most people , you'd be open to sharing ... even if i think that it's their activity a lone and since we're acqutiances i would be encroaching on ther activity ? [ / font ] [ / color ] i wish it was that easy . is it dumb to not do new things because your acquaintances do them and i feel like i'd be intruding in on it if i joined ? there is really nothing ( new ) i want to take up . but whenever i meet ... i am very slow to warm up . recently it takes about i've months for me to open up as opposed to the initial two years . i share some things up till that point but i guess it's not enough . but even ... particularly when i am in between and not sure if i am an acquiantance or friend.does anyone else feel this way ? sort of work friends , where my tolerance is put up with on good terms because i'm not an ass but seemingly not interesting enough to want to hang out with . though for four of the five of them , i met ... so i am guessing if you mention it to them hours in advanced in the same day it's planned , you shouldn't ask in person ? or that you can't re-plan / schedule if it's a day of / spur of the moment . true . it's like this with an entp , intp , infp ... hmm . p-ness problems . would you consider hanging out if someone called the same day asking or would it have to be at least a day in advance ? and is it dependent on what is suggested to do ( physically active vs others ) ? ... signs / ways an istp cares about / is warming up / thinks of you as a friend ? what makes you consider spmeone a friend ? - - - not sure of caring / warming up / the moving of acquaintance to friend is one and ... how strongly do you associate with gay culture and all things related to it ? how does your gender factor into how you are ? which of the four sps are you ? how often do you text ? receive them ? how soon do you reply ? what instances / reasons would have you not reply other than to trite or affirmation texts ( ok , k , ... how do you deal with it ? when it comes to trying new things to reaching out to a friend or acquiantance to being scared of rejection ? what can one do to not be so lonely ? isolation or solitude is ... so ... a metaphoric double-ended dildo ? that explains why we only see one of your hands in the avatar . good or bad experiences ? anyone currently have one or had one as a major person in your life ? what about a transcript ? i know what i've done to make ( ephemeral ) but it isn't like i know what i'm doing at the time or know how or why . i guess this is more of an unhealthy infj question since i have anxiety to asking ... i'm not the best at typing but i guess tp or fp . i am inclined to say intp because of you mentioning how he is like and isn't like your infj friend . and the philosophy inclination . is there any thing to look for as for what they would say , do , etc ? guess adult in this case would mean around mid to late 30s or early forties . intjs - the loners don't get too offensive ... the + one word only . well if you saw the posts , it seemed like she wanted to get into that person's email . kinda funny that ints were her go-to types for comp ' help . ' he looks awkward , like someone asked him to take a picture he doesn't want to be in . my mistake . sorry :( as someone goes from thirties to forties to fifties and so forth , would you say it's harder for someone to make friends or at least consider others to be one ? is it more for ... i see . thanks for this . as one ages , would you say extroverts tend to become like introverts and have an inner circle of friends ? it seems it has been updated but it looks like the need for social ... is there a type to restrict or one that would liberally use the word friend ? types that would like many but typically has trouble ? the opposite ? i see . is there anything off cnet or ninite i should have i see . what other programs would you suggest ? malwarebytes ? i have 8 i see . my comp uses windows defender .. is that bad ? firefox with noscript and adblock i was gonna use a ghost app but i can't remove the name i got fixit reader instead ... so no to avast or avg or mse ? how do i keep java updated ? can i just disable it what would you reccomend as freeware of cnet ? essentials to have ? posted this in general chat also . it seems to subjective and i don't know what i consider to determine if someone is a friend .. also , do you ever freely throw aroud the word friend ? like if ... it seems to subjective and arbritary . also , do you ever freely throw aroud the word friend ? like if you introduce someone to an actual friend , you'd call them that but in reality , you wouldn't ... i dot want to lie , but i would not want them to know if they asked ( but even then , i don't know if they would genuinely care , if asked ) . say that you are having a bad week or month , and nothing really seems worth mentioning . if you don't want to reply ' good ' to ' how you've been ' / ' what's new with you , ' what is there to speak if ... how often do you use it and how many friends ( or ' friends ' ) are on there ? if you don't use it much , why do you have it anyway ? site wont let me post the image . am i supposed to read it ? i'm actually kind of scared since i've never had to do this unless it's a program i've downloaded . would the genders of either of them matter ? i'd guess an entp + xstp ? mainly for security ? avast or mse ? amongst other things growing up , did you have a mentor or role model ? we're they someone you interacted with or a well known figure ( celeb / astronaut / etc ) . are any of you intps mentors or role models to others ? if ... i see . so contacts are better for activities on the move ? i'm having trouble ... andy allison - ixxx bender brian - ixxx claire i was gonna put laser eye surgery but i don't think that's in my budget ... anyway , i'm a lazy person and wonder which is better ? i don't even like sunglasses but i'm unsure what to pick . i do ... anyone else watching this ? i think people who watch the feeds would have a better grasp . maybe ease off attributing inaction to cognitive functions ? what is that like ? '