' yeah i like long distance running too . in high school i ran everything cross-country to 800m . been a while though . relating to that sorta : i've started biking every single day as a totally new ... that's awesome . sounds like you're pretty active haha ... and that willingness to try new shit is admirable . keep it up ! something that i'm good at is freestyle soccer . i love soccer and i have played it all my life . i got into freestyle when i was ~ 10 y / o and it's stuck with me over the years . ... if you don't mind me asking , why are you in a hospital ? are you a patient ? or do you work there or something ? or is this observation unrelated to your own experiences ? btw , i love your username ... for real , i feel ya 2m21s if ur only gunna watch a second or two . fav part . i made this . don't expect anyone to really watch a montage for a game they dunno . love ... intj : overall fav / ideal type . my ideal coworker . best communicators for how my brain works . goes both ways , i communicate to no type better . best communicators of information / data and also and esp ... oh , hell yeah . i average ~ 9 hours . need 8 hours to feel normal . 6 or less and i feel like shit . never nap . deep sleeper . monophasic . tried biphasic and liked it though . only issue relating to ... lol this is my jam , puts me in a good mood :) nice eyes man . 1 piece of me : 665506 dank . so well said . i lack your composure yeah , i honestly understand why you don't want to talk to me . my style of communication with you has been far too antagonistic / barbed to make debate possible ( at least with someone of your ... me and choco go back a ways , that's necessary context . i've taken issue with some of the racist / sexist ideas she apparently endorses . no , you're exact point wasn't what i was precisely trying to ... that is not a view i hold . i'm mocking you to point out your own racism . maybe i am an asshole . doesn't make me wrong . uhm , that was my entire point ... i even explicitly said i was using satire ( the use of humor , irony , exaggeration , or ridicule to expose and criticize people's stupidity or vices , particularly in ... wait what , what is the relevance of that ? i 100 % support your right to say whatever you want on this forum , or anywhere for that matter . nothing ive said here or in past conversation would indicate ... 100 % sure i never said whatever you quoted . of course you can talk about whatever you want oh fuck , lmao gotta admit ur right about that . tad bit of ethanol in the system . : o i didn't really express any of my own thoughts on race discrimination tho ( which i would never pretend doesn't ... talk about race all you want . speak freely . but don't expect me not to criticize your stances . i support total free speech up to the point of inciting violence . don't cower . i'm not privy to every ... when white people are like , racism doesn't exist ! just be a good civilian person like meee :: head explodes :: i forget the internet is a free for all and i have officially left my happy ... u suck as a person booo sounds like you're describing synesthesia . i don't think i have it as far as i know . but i do relate to what you're saying tremendously . i was not attempting anything . i did apologize for calling you a name . i did not and will not apologize for anything else . i don't respect your views or care about your personal feelings regarding ... yeah , shouldn't have called you a dumbass . uncalled for . but i have not merely responded with ad hominem . i believe i've responded with a logical takedown of your own words using your own logic . ... no , unique certainly does not mean special . derp on you . perhaps it is an american thing . i have no idea , i'm not american . toxic masculinity ... i can tell you've drank the kool aid . i didn't join ... 662386 ^ connection level ur seeking ? i kid ... but not even possible ? that's so sad , i hope that's not true lol what are infjs supposed to give to the world ? to me , this is in the same vein as what's the purpose to life ? . my view is there is no concrete answer to such questions , we gotta try and find our ... and ... i'm thinking of privileged people , white straight men etc . spoiled children . wtf are these political views you're trying to shoehorn into this convo consider this a thought ... the count of monte cristo ( long read man ) odinthor shit , well said . really resonate with all of that i was lucky enough to have lucid dreams as a kid . the sound of my radio alarm irl would enter my dreams and eventually i got used to this and realized this meant i was dreaming . i wasn't aware of ... a look of shock and terror . like they understood the implications of what i was saying , like i had just crushed their reality . anyone into it ? i got super into it a few years ago . got to the point where i'd have one most nights . my favourite experience was explaining to dream characters they weren't real and only existed ... vivid melody just wondering , what do you mean your parents were taking you against your will ? are we talking kidnapping here ? oh shit lmao . sorry , my mistake . total noob to forums : wink : oh yeah i wasn't suggesting that is what you meant at all , just found your original comment insightful . agree w / everything . but to go back and clarify , idk if repress was the right word for all ... agree w / what's been said . esp . marv . i use aggression selectively and strategically . i hate passive-aggressive behaviour / people ; when people use honest and direct communication things don't fester ... just found this , sorta analogous to why many voted trump xd so i just took a test and got type 5 , type 4 second most likely . i don't know a thing about enneagram tho haha firemoon nice , i liked that titanii me : nice to read this , as i've been doubting i'm infj . please lemme know if you think what i've written bellow is compatible with infj . so i sound similar to you . i rely on logic and reason to form ... disregard ^ good points , and i agree w / all of what you wrote the left has lost its way and is in desperate need of repair ... from the actual political parties themselves , to the left w / in academia ( in terms ... thank you for the warm welcome ; you as well thank you ! he's my best bud , i love him unsolicited dog pics and vid : youtube.com/watch?v=vd2xplenp7e imgur.com/a/cqvvp ( haven't posted enough to embed yet ) :/ hola , welcome ! im also new here ayy what up fam ! im also new here . welcome ! :P '