' ... and that's all i've got to say . you know what my idea of fun is ? crowds ! just take each bumbling belligerent and put them in a steel box on wheels . pop some popcorn , sit up on a roof somewhere and watch it dissolve into flaming ... people who hide in my blind spot anytime before my 4-5 hour waking up time allocation and then proceed to talk . people who underestimate my intimate need for coffee to have a considerably less grumpy ... ... people who do not know the difference between legality and morality . i'll be over here , guys , hitting my head against a wall , until the overwhelming amount of dumb in my ears fades away ... it's an easy rut to get into , don't worry , especially if you've had the good fortune of running into more people than less who seem to hit the close-to perfect mark . :) doesn't sound stupid at all , ... i can see where you're coming from , with that . sometimes a friend will thoroughly misjudge me , but that is when i make a point to recall that they are still human , and still prone to inaccurate ... .. why would anyone want to be the clingy one ? the more intense the attachment , the harder it is to deal without that person ... and no relationship is permanent . unless someone dies first , but that's ... my past bosses have generally seen me as a good go-to for technical advice and frank opinions . they tend to like me because i can help to untangle a crappy situation , and tend to catch on pretty ... where most feel fear , i feel curiosity . where most feel anger , i feel amusement . where most feel love , i feel distant . most people wish themselves different , whereas i simply am different , and don't ... i usually keep to myself , but on the occasion that i am out and about , it is highly dependent on the situation as to how i react . i can carry chit-chat a bit , but i'm small-voiced and usually too ... i know myself too thoroughly to care any whit about what someone says about me when i know that thing to be untrue . personal perception and bias are funny things ... nobody can lack them . not even ... ( ^ proper gun joke . real guns are never funny . rape is never funny , either . though thankfully i have yet to encounter many people who would ... ah , right . i forgot , starving children in africa would kill for the half-baked utterance of a complete stranger , so i shouldn't feel at all differently . what was i thinking ? i don't try to , ... i know it's been said before ... but nonsensical verbalization such as : you look like you'd be fun . ... what am i , a roller-coaster ? earth to douche bag : i do not exist for the sole purpose of ... i'd rather ... ... at them . and it still sounds retarded , to me . it makes me sad when native american english speakers cannot properly pronounce their own words . sad , but mostly , annoyed . unless you have a speech impediment ( which is a valid excuse ) , there's no ... ah , they will pile up , one way or another ... : kitteh : sorry for the late reply , i haven't had much time to myself lately . on topic : among the things that piss me off : incomplete ... that improves nothing . :| i do not touch things that i do not know where they have been , and particularly not when i know where they aim to be next . taneka hinton : i think i loathe ... * awkward standing around * no , but it is on my to do list . thanks for the reminder . :) sigh , head shake . some people . addressing the parts in color ... i think those first two parts clash in a statement that supposedly wasn't meant as an argument . if someone is going to say that what i've said is not true , or ... i like movies such as : mr & mrs smith , bruce almighty , the witches of eastwick , young frankenstein , monty python and the holy grail , up ( i identify with that poor old man so much - _ - ) , mad money , the ... there are two that i can remember ... 1 ) you are wise beyond your years--one of my teachers during my school years . maybe high school ? 2 ) you don't need faith because you are faith--someone in a ... i close my eyes and wait for tomorrow to happen . i did . you seem to miss my point , however , that generalizations are not a good enough excuse to overlook the exceptions . saying that you don't have to behave a certain way because most people like ... i'm sorry . sometimes my silent , shy aloofness makes the water quite murky . ಠ_ಠ ... ten characters . roses are red , violets are blue , f * * k poetry , i have video games . ... i'm not sure what just happened , but my clothes are rumpled and there's a bad taste in my mouth . where did i put that listerine .. ? i wish my friends better understood that when i want time alone , nine times out of ten is not related to them or their behavior in any way . mostly i just want to sit in silence , and enjoy that ... ... uhhh ... okay ? those who tried to bully me did not survive to tell the tale . ... but in all seriousness , i was a loner for a good long portion of school in general . a couple boys tried , once , but i sent them off ... yes . cute like hair ribbons and kittens and rainbows and teddy bears . fact , you say ? proof , please . and if it's going to be a personal anecdote , i'd like to know why it's apparently more valuable ... games are for children . i've got a world to take over , and i can't be stopping every 5 minutes to kick a smitten male out of my way . here's a revelation to behold : no actually means ... no . holy crap . let's watch that again , in slow motion ! fo serious . it's ... and you're a fool if you let them do it . they can be discouraged , you know . my brothers dog knows to keep his tongue to himself . he just wiggles around instead when i hug him . also , your sig ... whoever it was , they were probably an intp . unless you're french kissing the dog , that isn't an issue . exactly how to you define hugging ? and now that you've quoted it i can't fix it . thanks . big help . you have no soul . i'm just sayin ' . there are many hugs i will tolerate . not many that i initiate . even less that i reciprocate . hugs are not to be endured by strangers at all , or anyone less than good friend personal relationship ... i've walked into stagnant objects and i had plenty of warning that they were there , before . i've asked a waiter , can i get some dessert ? at a restaurant with the dessert menu out in front of me ... it ... actually doesn't take much to make me do this . more or less because there are signs everywhere that we are not progressing . we're digressing . and it's frustrating as hell . one of the bigger ... some of the implied nonsensical ideas i notice when people use language a certain way pisses me off . no choice , for example . pure , unbridled bullshit . what are they really trying to say ? no ... huh ? i thought they were still stuck on psychopath ... but then , i haven't gone outside in a deliciously long while . contradiction , cha cha cha , contradiction ! one would think that if a person were really devoted to you , they would make an effort to stick around ... not flee at the drop of a hat . just don't ... today , i went to petsmart to help my brother scout for a new pet kitty ( and apparently , hold his dog & stuff for him : rolleyes :) . one of the cats in the row of cages they have displayed sported the ... sorry to burst your bubble , but love doesn't conquer all for everybody . sometimes , logic and foresight win out over a swarm of brain-chemicals . loving a person is one thing ... seeing yourself being ... there are some songs you just can't sing to yourself in public spaces , no matter how stuck in your head the lyrics are . i hate people who feel the incessant need to talk , and thus end up often courting the ever-enthralling subject of nothing . you know who i'm talking about . the people who , when things quiet down , ... '