' 1 . what if friendly , advanced aliens suddenly arrived to planet earth , begging for help . their race is made up of parasitic symbiotes that lived in communion with their hosts , on equal terms ( shared ... 574266 i don't normally like to watch anime since it is as you say it can feel like a butchered adaptation . but since you recommend ippo's fight scenes , i'll be sure to check some of his anime out too . :) ... if you like hajime no ippo , which i've just started reading ... about chapter 20 haha , you may like karate shoukoushi kohinata minouru . lots of interesting characters and development . and the fights ... i prefer to read the mangas , but these are what i enjoy in order of preference . - kingdom - red storm - attack on titan - freezing - vinland saga - ouroboros - karate shoukushi kinohita minoru ... for restaurant settings , i usually go for the type of dishes i would like . something spicy and noodles over rice for example . but generally , for everyday meals , i have a fixed idea of what i want ... i don't think a , b or c is wrong . you did what you had to do to manage your anger and let it out . not letting it out in some way would have been harmful to your health and you don't want ... viktor frankl's man's search for meaning is one of the best and most memorable books i've ever read . it's been years since i read it , but it has a great influence on me and taught me much about ... well if you do have to find a new job or something , do let me know . i can help you to ace the interview by letting you know what the interviewers want and how you should pitch yourself . also as ... i suppose in this case i could forecast to see how the application will turn out for you . or how your interactions with whichever company will turn out for you . if the results are not good or if ... well in such a situation , i could easily help you to forecast and see how your confession of your feelings to her will turn out . it helps if you have prepared what you want to say beforehand rather ... : hmm how about if you knew how the other 2 job offers will turn out for you 6 months down the road ? what if you knew all the challenges and pitfalls you would face at those 2 ... hi muge , your situation is fairly complicated . given the state of affairs now , you will have to be careful about the choices you make and the actions you take . i have left you a private ... i believe that it helps to realize that everything happens for a reason . this is especially so when it comes to bad things that require forgiveness . before we point our finger at others , we would ... hah , if you lived close by i am sure we would hang out often . : wink : thank you for all the great love song contributions everyone . this is a great thread to dip into if we are feeling in the mood . : laughing : i've divined the year from various angles so i pretty much know how 2011 will go for me . now the only thing left to do is to speed up the good parts and take corrective and preventive measures to ... your highness looks like a great medieval comedy to watch ! i can't wait for it to come out in early april ! : crazy : hi bengalcat , i have been gone too long . there are too many new faces here . well i am pretty much in your situation . the reason for my prolonged absence is that i have been trying to make my ... reitsu ? i can see why you say ichigo is an infj . when i first read bleach , i was struck by how selflessly he protected people he did not know . hmmm , well i have felt detached from the world and still do at times . sometimes i feel like i am from another planet . i always attributed it to my infjness where i would never fit in and where i ... i was going through the comedic genres to see what kind of humour i liked . being serious i never bothered to find the proper names and definitions . the kind of comedic genres i enjoy are : ... thank you for offering an alternative point of view . : happy : why do you think it is not ok for men to cry ? haha ! you sure know the things that an infj wants to hear . bless you . : wink : good point about conditioning linus . once we are used to seeing something , it will hardly bother us and we will also have more experience in coping with the situation . hi beanz , it must be an infj thing since it is also easier for me to remember feelings instead of facts . yeah i am aware of appearances even when crying . i mean i could just let go and not ... hi shadowplay , thanks for your insightful reply . i agree with you here . i know how frustrating it is to watch people remain a passive victim of circumstances . if they could focus on finding a ... my dear fellow infjs , as i eagerly anticipate the release of the video game fist of the north star , that i have been waiting months for , it triggered my question for this post . despite the ... well it is as you say , she is not appreciating you despite all the effort you put in . instead she chooses to acknowledge others when you are the one carrying the whole damn show . that's probably ... hmm well i get this moment when i am helping people through their pain . i suppose having had my fair share of it , i am familiar with the stages and i intuitively know what people need to feel ... well i used to be like you and viewed my mistakes as incompetency . it was difficult to change my original view , but with patience and practice i did . i suppose it's the influence of our culture ... i use routine and notes to help me remember . when i was younger i used to keep a journal on the amount of weights i lifted . but soon it became too tedious for my liking . i may pay attention to ... well it does suck big time if you lose important things . but i have always chosen to view everything that happens to me as a learning experience . this is especially so with setbacks , mistakes and ... i don't usually have dreams . most of the dreams i have involve some faceless guy ... think jason voorhees chasing me through a winding maze . inevitably i get caught and repeated poundings on the ... i have lots of ideas at the oddest times like when i'm bathing or in the toilet and then i have to use mnemonics to ensure that i don't forget them . that way i can write it down as soon as it is ... youtube - dan hill - sometimes when we touch thanks for all the great love songs people ! : crazy :  hi jacob , i was pretty much a loner when i was in school . but the few friendships i did form were deep and meaningful . i don't think you are too young to be worrying about this . of course there ... i'll hold you to your word ! bring on the overload so i can slap you on the back and say well done ! love makes the world go round and gives life meaning . all of us could use a little more love . ... i hate surprises . i'm the sort of person who will flip to the end of the book or read a synopsis of a movie before i watch it . i prefer to know what will happen , why it will happen , how it will ... i've done a quick check and i don't think there is such a thread in the infj forums . ok fellow infjs , post your favourite love songs for everyone else to listen to and enjoy ! i'll go first . ... detective dee was the latest movie i watched . it was pretty good since i liked carina lau as the only female emperor of china . great portrayal of a machiavellian character . enthiran looks good ... i'm sorry to hear that your daughter has a learning disability . it is a shame that people with learning disabilities should be discriminated against . but intelligence isn't the only measure of a ... hmm maybe you could try to shift your perspective . right now you are self-conscious because you are focused on your feelings for him and how he will view you . you're looking at it all from your own ... depending on our own views towards intelligent people , if it is positive , we feel we can learn from people who are more intelligent and smarter than us . that they would have the answers to solve the ... focus on finding common ground . neutral things to talk about like work related stuff . focus on the task at hand and gradually get used to being around him again . ask questions and the like and ... senryu ( died on the second day of the sixth month 1827 ) like dewdrops on a lotus leaf i vanish . i would say i'm a pessimist turned pragmatist . if the glass is not utilizing its fullest potential , i would pour more water into it . nowadays i try to focus on the solution and not the problem . ... i remember my time in the army where i couldn't go home at all . there i was cut off from all forms of communication with the outside world . no tv , internet etc . work kept me busy throughout the ... i'm probably the guru . '