' just listen ...   just turned 21 last month . 1 . i am really into self-reliant living and hope to eventually be living off-grid . 2 . i have regular lucid dreams . 3 . i try to live as simply as possible . materialistic attachments have made ... this exactly ... it's just not in my nature . paranoid : low schizoid : high schizotypal : low antisocial : low borderline : low histrionic : low narcissistic : low avoidant : low dependent : low obsessive-compulsive : low malakai freckles chloe ... music pink floyd ray lamontagne bob dylan the beatles jimi hendrix the doors tame impala iron & whine fleet foxes  i like him ... absolutely thrilled that he will be running . my closest friends have just about always been nfs . classic rock folk indie  i've hopped around from job to job quite a bit since high school . the thought of being tied down to one single career for the rest of my life quite honestly sends me running in the other opposite ... fellow isfp , spca work , and pit bulls ? i like you already : happy : welcome !  outdoor activities ( hiking , camping , etc . ) , photography , music , reading , nerdy dog-related things . 33 is old ? lol . you are not even old enough to be my father ;) most of my closest friends are around your age ( and i am only 20 myself ) . this is a fairly diverse forum . the range of ages are great in ... elmo you scored 42 % organization , 67 % abstract , and 41 % extroverted ! i don't mind going to certain games ( like hockey ) every once in a blue moon ... mostly just for the atmosphere though . i'm not much of a sports fan really . yes . i got up , quite literally last minute , and moved to middle of nowhere alaska not all that long ago . it was a very isolated location and i had little contact with anyone . lived in a 12x18 cabin ... definitely male ... i do have a few favorite female vocalists though . * this is me not retreating from a conversation * ... just poking fun of course ;) let me rephrase that statement ... any two healthy / mature individuals , no matter the type , have the capability of ... i don't give out change but will give food / bottled water whenever i can . as for what is * right * ... that is a completely personal decision . i don't fault anyone for not giving their money / food ... i can't speak for all isfps , but you certainly wouldn't find me confessing my love for a person i have only known for a week ... it would be rare for me to be making the first move at all actually . ... you guys are amazing  loved your video bronwen ! luna and this mortal coil <3 ... great taste in music :) i have no issues with them , or hunting . i would much rather know where my food is coming from ( and that the whole process was done humanely ) than buying it prepackaged at a grocery store . i always have a premonition that i'm going to lose something . the world is so beautiful ... but i feel like i'm the only one who's far from it . - the place promised in our early days the sea's ... '