aries doesnt seem to fit me that well as a person , capricorn describes me perfect . dont think u can relate personality types and certain signs too well . i think im most attracted to cancer , they ... holly golightly - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia : shocked : idd things suck , sometimes goood , sometimes bad , mainly bad , why cant i be like every 1 else and find a perfect course to study etc - . - or get a job . why am i doing vulunteer work at a charity shop at ... i totally agree with you mate . and its a reason for hooligans too in football ( soccer ) , they love the buzz from being hit in the face . obviously that isnt the only reason for hooligans and its a ... natasha farrow - calling to the night youtube - natasha farrow - calling to the night ( correct lyrics ) yes , it scared my cat off my bed too wuahahahhaha ! . he keeps hijacking it . hairs everywhere : frustrating : dont ask how it scared him > . > : laughing : lol :p roud : in other words , i got concentration span of 2 seconds ! it took me like 4 minutes to write this btw . i discovered i can make some weird noise with my nose tho . that is rly patronizing , if anyone treated me like this i would feel like a 4 year old . u wud just receive a kick in the teeth . grim explains it rly good . for me personally i like caring people , ... life is music ! ! ! along with many other things but hell ! been playing guitar for 2 years but was on and off . last 2 months i been playing obsessively and learnt more songs than i did in those 2 ... my best friend , who i can call my brother cuz we are so close is an intp . we been best friends for 5 years now . we learn so much from eachother . opposite rly is good for eachother . we always have ... staind - outside ( live ) ok how do i paste a utube video on here ? ;( ( no idea if this works ) : tongue :: crazy : i thought i cleaned my room once for when my gf came around . i was all proud aswell : frustrating : was the most messy room she ever seen , i rly couldnt see why tho . im still convinced ... this rly helped thanks , nice to know some people are similar in ways . and ye the starting projects and never finishing is very common . we do things on how we feel , and our feelings change alot . ... apparently matt leblanc ( joey from friends ) is isfp : shocked : he makes i laff . my best friend who is istp . michael jackson ! ( isfp ) i seriously need to meet more extroverts . if i read handwriting like that for my theory lessons then maybe i would have passed x10 easier : happy : . as for my handwriting , your asking me to multi task here :P i need to think to write neat and ... hey guys ! i was rly wondering what you other isfp's love doing in spare time . i know we have alot of it : tongue : i am mainly interested because i gave up my main hobby not so long ago . i was ... as i was in a 2 n half year relationship with another isfp i should kinda be expert at this . if u want her to open up to u it will take time so just be patient , dont show any frustration towards her , ... 1 . yeh 2 . ah the government will screw us big time one day . if not then global warming . gods test to see if we fit on this planet . ( is rly day dreaming about how terminator movie could come true ) 3 ... blink 182 - adam's song <3 im good at creating mess :p roud : but my favourite ... smiles : happy : ye corny ; < i know we supposed to be good drawers but i have never developed my drawing skill : sad : i get annoyed when i cant ... hehe study and bearable dont belong together in my world , more like ... read the 1st 2 sentences then go off into dream world : crazy : i quit wow to study better but now i found this place ;P and a ... the main way i started getting attraction from girls was when i took up a hobby and became popular with it . that way i made alot of friends , became more open and easygoing with my mates as i got to ... u seem determined to turn me to the t side : tongue : ur not wearing a black helmet and cloak are ya ? um , one reason like right now i am blushing for no reason while reading what u say : blushed : i mean ye i like some stuff about me , but the negatives of isfp is kinda getting the better of me ... whatever we play we wanna be the best :P i played chess competetively for a while . i think once we start a game we are very fast to adapt to become good . monopoly was just for fun :P i prefer ... songs with beautiful guitar harmonies ! ( a7x ) synyster gates ftw . most of my close friends are isfp , we listen to songs with good lyrics , meaningful and passionate in the sound . music tends to give ... thanks ha : laughing : u wud have to knock down 80 % : blushed :( is the test calling me dumb btw ? ) but i can wear disguise : cool : so ur planning an assassin ... : shocked : thought i'd say hi : happy : my name is luke . i am an isfp . which i like and hate : unsure : i am currently a part time student in it , not what i want long term but its about time i get some ...