' ea should just ... get out of the gaming industry . they're like a reverse king midas . everything they touch ( read : buy ) turns to shite . i will not let them have dragon age like they had the sims ... summer nights i definitely think you can fool tests , however . i tend to test as enfj nowadays . when i am a miserable lump of sadness i test as infp . let's just say they're a bit biased . i don't ... that is never what i meant . mayhap i am a bit confusing at this hour ; ~ ) solution b would be the non-existant dream scenario in most cases , but perhaps my english failed me ... i meant to say that it made everyone happy — problem or no problem ! i was more getting at ... again , why can't feelings be rational ? why can emotions not be part of a logical equation ? very few issues will lack people and / or their feelings involved in them . sure , when needing to fence in an ... ( oops ! but i can't believe it works ! it never has before ... ) enfps are such bundles of joy ! need to smooch you all . i'll have go agree with ... in a sense . i have a hard time understanding why emotions are considered to be illogical / the yin if reason were to be yang . edit : for the love of ... how do i ... shouldn't the question rather be can you become another type ? as far as putting reason before emotions goes , would you be a dear and elaborate a tad ? : ~ ) why would it yield a better result ? to ... no need to be rude . i stated that it was my interpretation , nothing else . my interpretation has been something along the lines of sensors approaching situations using established methods . a bit like i've done someting similar before , i know what to do . if that doesn't ... i see many infps having feeler parents . both , or at least one . thinkers in general seem to have two or one feeler parent as well . are there no t + t parents ? or are thinker couples the kind of couples ... my mother took the test once and was typed entj . i've done much research and she does fit the bill . positives and negatives . i had some doubts about the n , but she definitely is an intuitive ... hey ! i may be an infp myself , but i find male infps most admirable . considering our quite feminine nature , i can only imagine the struggles ( especially in teenage years . ) straighten your back and ... i love rollercoasters ! though it is the only form of thrill i enjoy , unless you count camping / trekking . do i like the adrenaline rush ? no . i get so extremely jittery - - to the point where i need ... are we talking tasty personality-wise or tasty taste-wise ? because i assure you , the latter is absolutely positive . trust issues ! ! ! yay ... it does seem to be an infp thing . poor you ... and poor friend whose brain i probably fried . who says ignorance is bliss ? ? : ^ p infps are fickle . and we think we are one way but act the other . also , we kinda need to be hit in the head with the fact that someone is interested in us . supposedly , a friend hit on me for a full ... bloody piss shite arse socks that takes forever to unload from the washing machine . is your tengwar in need of a little practising ? has it been a few thousad years since you last had a use for quenya , other than ceremonial ? fear not , fellow elves . seeing that my own quenya could ... i respect that isfj for being warm to that undeserving person ;-) i've abandoned skyrim for now - - only to replace it with morrowind ;-) ahh ... it's been so long since last ! i've completed every quest in both skyrim and oblivion an unthinkable number of times with ... i go barefoot , always , from late spring to early autumn . that's almost four months of no shoes ! infp - - 297 . 2w1 , however , i did believe i was a 4w5 for a good few years . absolut ! man är mycket välkommen att höra av sig till mig :-) ) yes ! since asmr is related to the nervous system , some say hsps ( highly sensitive person ) are more prone to experiencing it . from what i gather , infp is one of the personality types that appear ... accidentally ... yes . i tend to get enfj ! which is interesting , as i'm about as messy as you can get . planning ? hell no . i like surprises ! in their defence , i do become very talkative on caffeine . and if you thought i ... i think we need to learn from other people , rather than types . had the world been more compassionate - as opposed to intelligent - i'm certain there'd be fewer conflicts . unless you meant emotional ... been labeled tree hugger more times than i can count . may be because of the bare feet ... should be enough , shouldn't it ? ;-) o - really ? :-) that was what i tried to convey earlier . empathy , or putting yourself in other's shoes , has nothing to do with whether you are a fi - or fe-user , which is partly why i disliked your reference to the ... well said . it is important to put emphasis on the fact that this is unhealthy behaviour . so why are we comparing unhealthy fi to fe ? i can imagine unhealthy fe-users are just as inconsiderate , ... i like to think that this is depending on the individual , rather than functions . just because someone is inconsiderate of other's feelings , does not mean that they are a fi-user . my interpretation of ... that sounds like inferior fi to me :-) someone else's values are just as important as my own . quite the novel indeed :-) ) poor sweetie ... i fear that what aya nikopol said may be true . enfps are lovely , but fickle . a certain retraction is common amongst them , i think . however , this one ... :-D caffeine = instant extroversion ! ( however , will result in a hangover where you hiss at anyone who engages in conversation . ) i quite like being both a feeler and a perciever - but the enxx charm is indisputable ! nts cry ? ;-) it never took you too long before you stared questioning whether you might be too sensitive after all , yes ? do remember that no one has the right to rationalise someone else's feelings . parents are ... nastymann may i suggest you inform your dear mother what hair ties are for ? hair is good ! the more the better . some age with grace . i have to admit - that thought never really occurred to me . 93485 assuming some of our behavioural traits are genetic , and others a result of our environment ; yes . probably . my own ( narcissistic ) mother is an ill-tempered one . ( i also suspect she is severely ... oops ! i'm just gonna say it . nose . chocolate . and i only regret some of it . your concern for others is touching . you lovely thing :-) i've contemplated the thought many times in the past . it continues to find me every now and then , although i'm now happier and healthier ... my bad ! any type can be close-minded . close-mindedness to me is not being willing to try something out before rejecting it . what you are describing sounds more like plain intolerance . because it does not ... i have previously identified myself as 459 , although now i'm more sure than ever i'm a two :-) your trifix is 2w1 , 9w1 , 7w6 . edit : i voted 279 because it was the closest . '