' still waiting on the zombie apocalypse to end this boredom . thanks for this thread . it makes me feel better . i am only a rainbow vomit infp if i am high on loads of prozac . and it really does take a lot of prozac . painting a sheep . he's black . in the background is a picture on the wall with 5 other sheep all different colours ( pink , white , green , yellow , blue ) . his family . he's looking at the picture . happy to ... like i ’ ve spent my whole life watching other people experience happiness . basically i feel intrinsically flawed , but oh isn ’ t that so fucking romantic . i feel sick of myself . i don't have a single friend left . it happened so slowly that i didn't even notice at first . i was lonely today and thought i would call someone , but i had no one to call . what the fuck happened ? i have not eaten in four days . i don't care . right now i just want to be perfect . then maybe someone will love me again . lately i feel so fucking angry and i can't really explain why . i'm just really fucking goddamn angry . thanks for listening . why do people tell me their secrets ? i must look innocent or something . two people just told me things today that , if i were feeling evil , could potentially destroy careers , hopes and dreams ... i am so sorry about your cat :( i feel for you . i had panic disorder and it got to this point . if you cannot call them back maybe a friend could do it for you . a good psychologist saved my life ( i know how that must sound and i ... i had to speak in public again today in front of a large group , only today i really fucked it up . i mean i really fucked it up . what ’ s odd is that normally i am a nervous wreck before public speaking ... please stop texting people when you are talking to me . it is so fucking rude ! i am so sorry . i had a similar experience last month . i know it hurts so badly . i try to imagine him young and healthy running around chasing butterflies in a beautiful field . i'm not sure i believe ... awww . i was freaked out as well . maybe ask the dentist to give you some ativan for the night before so you can sleep . you honestly do not feel anything during and you will most likely be drugged , so ... i get like this too . i normally don't plan things unless it has to do with someone i like . i put so much into it . this happened to me the other day . he couldn't make it and i was so upset . i'm so ... i feel like people should see through me . i was making shit up the whole time . i was terrified . i had no idea what i was doing or talking about but they loved me . i got it . i donx 92t deserve it . ... my first thought when i read the title was death , but then i'm not in a good mood . you are welcome . no really , i love spending so much of my time being your councilor . i love how when i have even the smallest problem that i need to talk about you are nowhere to be found . i love ... i literally just sneezed beer all over my computer screen . i can't shake the feeling that something bad is going to happen to me very soon . i have no idea why . recent events here have really freaked me out . everyone seems to be watching and taking pictures and videos of other people with their phones . we don't need big brother anymore . we are big brother ... i was there and it was ugly . i was afraid for my life at one point and i was just trying to get the hell out of there . people were acting crazy . it was unreal . well , i will join you . so long as there are libraries of course ;) i was attacked by a toaster once broken heart whatever every morning i dry heave in the shower . i can ’ t control it . i can ’ t stop it . i am so tired of fighting my anxiety , but i know that if i ever stop fighting , it will take over my life completely and i ... greenladybug if it makes you feel any better , i suck at job interviews too . whenever i finish one i have no idea really what i said or if i did a good job . i always end up thinking that they hated ... hurt and dead tired , but also like somehow it is going to be okay and doesn't matter . total hell i feel so sad when you don't call me when you say you will . i think i have some kind of mental disorder . shit , it is just a phone call , right ? i can't bloody handle how sad i am , but i piss people ... umm , so now i'm dating an estp and an enfj . i'm so confused . honestly , i just want either one of them to drop on their knees and say i love you . i don't even care which one anymore . and there goes the last straw . i give up on men . maybe i'll become a nun . i bought this expensive stuff for my hair . i never spend money on things like that , but now my hair smells like flowers and it makes me happy . congrats ! you deserve it ! i think , i think i just had sex with an nf guy . wow . to be honest the sex itself was bad , but i did not feel used for the first time ever . it was weird . i think i like him . i . just . wow . it would kind of be nice to go topless in the summer without people staring at me . glisten that stuff gives me the shakes ! i think it has more caffine than coffee . haha . maybe , but i am not getting close enough to find out . ;) kaetastrophe good for you . i know it is sometimes hard to stand up to bigoted people . what tends to work for me is to acknowledge ... dear satanic possessed psycho dog that guards the car dealership that i pass every night on my run , i fucking hate you . you literally make me pee a little bit every night when you bark and smash ... i also forgot to add that look that they give you should you happen to say something incredibly stupid . the look is kind of a combination of an internal face palm and a long drawn out sigh . you can ... the hilarious dry wit and dark humor in the most inappropriate of situations . my intp brothers have , on many occasions , caused me to spray various liquids out of my nose from such comments . guess i'll just have to practice more witty come backs ! ( though i don't think i've ever won a witty come back contest with an entj ) thanks for your responses , i was starting to wonder if this guy actually hated me . some of the jokes are pretty harsh , but then they are also pretty funny . i won't start taking it personally then . so you think that this guy teases me more than other people because i know he is joking and won't bite his head off ? what does it mean if an entj is constantly making witty jokes at another person's expense ? ( more so than with other people ) . do you guys tend to do that with people you like ? or is that person just ... i am afraid to go to bed . i know i should , but i also know i will be overcome with that heavy empty feeling i ’ ve been having lately when i am lying in the dark alone . canada is about to get all brave new world . time to move to europe . some one told me today that i needed to grow a pair of balls . my first thought was i could plant them beside the roses , but that would look funny . then i thought that it would be pretty awesome to ... i really want to have a picnic with you in a flowery field . i think about that whenever you talk to me . hotspur aww thanks ! have to say though i like the original the best . the morrison one is better than i remember though , i'm going to download it ;) '