' just to mess with your data , i'm a virgo . not a christian , but i'd be a bogomilist if i was . how is this related to the intj board ? that is the core difference between entj and intj . other differences stem from the other two functions . other differences between an entj person and an intj one are outside the scope of the system . and who granted the government that ability ? and what special privilege does government have ? if you make yourself an army you can also become the government.the government has nothing inherently powerful to it . it's something that has arisen ... at the end of the day it's still a matter or power.if i have more power then you then you must do as i say or i'll take something of value from you . in a darwinistic way , stronger societies spread ... how do you know they would reject it ? they're not imbeciles that need us to show them the true nature of the world , they can see it pretty well , and guess what ? there are no world-wide revolutions or ... what if the current situation did arise from the free will of our forefathers ? property is also coercion , if i want to come into your house you'll either shoot at me , or the force of the state , in the form of cops will shoot me . if your property isn't defended then it doesn't ... i believe no man can claim anything as his own in the abstract.the right of property appears only when there is a state to enforce it.such a state can not exist without consuming resources of any ... hmm , the piece of land beneath me , who owned it 5 million years ago ? you could either say no one , or the entire humankind . either way , the current owner took something which was not his and claimed ... well , you have to be pretty good to score intj at mbti </sarcasm> exactly , if 10 = - 10 = 0 then you'd have a universe where having nothing means having less than nothing . 2 + 0 = - 12 + 0 = - 22 etc . such a universe would be unstable because the moment there is lack of ... are you sure you're an intj ? you seem like you are on some substances.take a deep breadth , take another one , count to ten , listen to slow music . now , try to explain your problem . yay , pseudoscientific psychology ! </sarcasm> 41035 people always tell me i have unreadable handwriting . what does graphology think about it ? am i a serial killer or something ? with a statistical population of 9 i don't think that is relevant yet . i'm pretty sure if it done efficiently you'd simply start using long words instead of the desired outcome.that way if you attempt to maximise score you'd have really convoluted phrases instead of ... the concept is interesting but i find it tiring and i usually lose because i focus too much on a part of the board and some piece that jumps into that side from outside my scope view ruins all my ... we shouldn't be using english , we must switch to punjabi . boobs ? is the most important part of your partner easily augmented by modern medicine ? then you have low standards . th results should have a somewhat uniform distribution with a bit of bias towards spring months . in the movie the character makes small changes in his past having big effects on the future / present . he continually changes them leading to different outcomes . greco i define as state any organisation of people that agree to certain rules . if you and me meet on a deserted island and decide that we shouldn't kill each other that choice limits our freedoms ... you're wrong , collectivist tendencies could be inborn . a human is not more powerful than a mammoth but a group of them can bring them to extinction.therefore having collectivist tendencies be ... doesn't the system say that only the person itself knows its type best ? this is intj thinking right here . the extremes are either deregulate everything or have everything be owned by workers ... haven and hearth is one of the few mmos i actually enjoyed . the fact that players are free to do almost anything creates the same feeling that i'm interacting with an organic world and not a theme ... i was also surprised to find a big group of intjs on revleft ( the internet archenemy of stormfront ) while most of them are at best nfs . that's why mbti can't really be trusted because people make ... civilisation or #fff and #000 don't tick with me too well , they're too abstract ( although i did enjoy civ 4 , i consider 5 bastard son ) but i'd rather have this kind of detail instead of ... that theory is at best a hypothesis . i can't believe people nowadays are willing to believe into something like that without smacking some empiricism in it and see if it still stands . and don't you ... i actually thought i'd see more grand strategy titles like crusader kings 2 or hearts of iron 3 . i mean isn't world domination what every 1 - dimension intj wants ? i feel embarrassed because it's one of the most pseudo-scientific things i take interest in . anyone can conjure up my insecurities if they know of my obsession with empiricism and scientifism ( that ... dwarf fortress , if that's not the most intx game ever i don't know what is . i'd say it's intjish while minecraft is more intpish due to the focus on creativity and not on meeting certain goals . i've always had this phobia , deer in the headlights when it came to dancing at parties and so on and i was wondering if it's something i share with the other intjs . do you hate / fear dancing or , au ... your imagination is still your imagination therefore it suffers from the biases i talked earlier . i want something new , not the recyclation of my own ideas from my entertainment . for me ni is seeing the world as a series of graphs , preferably all connected in one way or another . i believe there was an author that people humorously attributed titles like what do feline ... this is the kind of thing books can't give you . you're not the guy with a gun that's scouring the horizon hoping not to die , in books the narrator simply tells you that . you should check opflashpoint , the old one , the new ones are crap . topic i believe video games and books are different in their scope , and in their medium you can't say one is better than the ... i like games because they usually allow me interact with a system , not with a narative : eg . crusader kings 2 or the ultimate strategy game : dwarf ... if i accept the limitations of the situation then killing hitler would only lead to a changed history , not necessarily a good one . i'd rather have an expected bad result than an unexpected one . * brings 3d glasses * this is going to be interesting . exactly what i was saying.by making your communication code inefficient you prove exactly what i was saying . and another thing , what's the encoding for this ? if you don't communicate it , it might ... this discussion is not intelligent.you ' re not talking through hex-code or bytes.you ' re talking through character that may be unicode , therefore you're simply adding another layer of abstractization ... ok , my opinion on that video : 1 ) why does he have to make random pauses ? and random emphasising of syllables . 2 ) there is no absolute concept of freedom.you are always free.you only have physical ... i usually use how so ? when i try to make someone understand the stupidity in their train of thought . also , in my language what are you doing ? is used the same you use how are you ? in english , ... if edison had a needle to find in a haystack , he would proceed at once with the diligence of the bee to examine straw after straw until he found the object of his search ... i was a sorry witness of ... i'm doing something bad right now and say that people usually said that tesla was more of an engineer kind of guy , and if he would have used some math instead of experimentation it would have saved ... will you share with me how you reached that conclusion ? i need to see how strong are your arguments . greetings . i was wondering if anyone has some insight i might use concerning the differences between the intj and the entp , and whether a ni-ti dominnace is accepted by either the jungian or the ... the problem is that the intj description seems to fit me more , and what exactly made you say that i write like a fe ? addendum : let's keep this thread clean , i'm starting a new thread in the what's ... '