' wow it's been a long time since i've been here . i've said it once and i'll say it again ( after creepin ' through the last 25 pages or so ) , intp seems to be highly correlated with ' round ' facial ... dunno what you looked by before you you're a pretty good looking guy like that ! grats seriously , i've said this before , but intps always seem to have ' round ' faces and features . perception bias i know but still ... an sj guy eh ? ;) my ex was an isfj ... there were a lot of problems that were obvious towards the end and in retrospect , but there were definitely some ways we connected that i just couldn't put my ... i've got a few pairs of nice shirts and pants like that ( slim fit is amazing for tall skinny guys ) . i don't usually dress up but when i do it always seems like a perfect ' classy ' look that isn't too ... i need to shower pretty much every day . i've always had greasy hair and oily skin since puberty , and not showering the morning ( whenever i wake up ) before doing something is aesthetically noticeable ... woo i'm back ! ( not that i posted much in the first place ) anyway , after a 4 month or so stint of being desktop-less , and only my sister's old , shitty , terrible , small , and worthless netbook to use , ... interesting ... although caffeine has always seemed like a slight wonder drug for me as long as i don't abuse it too regularly . i've always loved many personality traits and characteristics about ... yep , wasn't talking about jungian / mbti ! i suppose i shouldn't of brought up the 60/40 split , that was a terrible and confusing attempt at emotional appeal on my part ;) also , i don't think mushr 00m ... i don't agree with this at all . appeal to emotion is a logical fallacy . you are sidestepping the reasoning process and trying to score fake points in a debate . does this work ? all the time . is it ... i didn't know this until someone brought it up today ... the tale of the tortoise and the hare . what a pointless fable . the moral of the story is even if you move at the speed of molasses , you can ... edit : oops wrong thread lol curiosity is one of my biggest driving forces in life . i think it's a great trait to have and while being responsible / cautious is important , it saddens me when people seem to lose it as they age or ... this was huge for me and probably great advice for an intp . how to help the process is finding a lot of different healthy stuff you like and generally avoid too much sugar , as it definitely makes you ... that's one of our best qualities imo , child like wonder / excitement that we carry well into adult hood ; o pretty cool feeling when that happens right ? :D me and infp friend ; o69756 i love this thread , it's refreshing to focus on our differences for once ! this ! edit : really all of it . let it be known that this rant was not in vain , and i , for one , deeply related to most of it ;) i would love to meet an attractive entp female . i consider myself a very ' selfish giver ' . i often enjoy doing things for others but only out of my own desire , or maybe the occasional social ... i also have an istj dad and so much of what you posted about his personality hit home with me . i'll just say that our relationship got much better ever since i moved out and became financially ... yea , definitely seems believable and not that surprising . still entirely possible there are other explanations as well though , i'm sure there were numerous bomb threats for such a big event . well at this point i'd imagine it's mostly because naming your girl ted or boy miranda would ensure that they grow up to be the next unabomber . ( which would be particularly funny in the girl's case ... i can't even think of a girl i've met in recent years that i would peg as nt , let alone intp ! i'm dying to find one just ... cuz . nfs can be great but i just wanna know what it's like damnit ; o intellect 97 % based on 10 questions anger - 86 % based on am i missing something ? lol thiiisss , also i put much less emphasis on fe than normal . ( i normally value harmony quite a bit , but usually at the point of being really stressed , it's already broken down enough ... ^ yep , those pesky sjs . i also want to clarify the difference between getting along with people in a non-conflict , friendly sense ( which i believe is naturally assumed by most with the phrase ... consistently one of the best experiences i've had , and it really tends to stick with me . i've done them infrequently 4-5 times in the last 6 years ... it's been just over 2 years since the last time ... sweet potato with melted marshmallows , brown sugar , & pecans . : o i didn't really have pets growing up ( a guinea pig and fish when i was young ) , but i looove animals . i know this has been noted by others , but i love how their emotional simplicity / purity ... d'aww , just reading this last few pages has made me all giddy . i love this feeling ;D i'm finishing a business degree right now but i would like to go back someday and get a phd in psychology or a related field and teach that at a college level . i would assume almost all intps would ... i give off vibe of child-like innocence which allows me to cross boundaries that are often off limits to others :D i also seem to have an intuitive understanding of most people , although i have be be ... ^ this admittedly , there are some inner thoughts i have that i rarely express to anyone . ( if at all ) however , i have found it quite liberating in recent years to be more open about my thoughts ... erm ... 1 . dogs 2 . cats 3 . the competitive spirit 4 . debate 5 . a logical mind 6 . calm people 7 . perceptive people 8 . ice cream 24 going on 25 . yay for peak fluid intelligence ... it's all downhill from here ; o yep i do ! just over 5 years now ... helped me stay in shape initially but now i'm a supervisor so it's mostly office stuff . pay for a lot of school too :D i can only hope the city will be as glorious as this thread . more importantly , think of how much we'll reduce our carbon footprint with all of the telecommuting ! edit : roads ? where we're ... i was going to answer yes ... but when i think of being in my head to much , i guess i mean being lost in thought , appearing spacey , & unaware of my surroundings . i only mind it in the sense that it ... ^ and single is suppose to be the simpler lifestyle ;( lol haha i can't believe that worked o_o i totally try and pull of an entp / estp look more and more now a days . thoughts ? intp and i generally eat pretty quickly . i like food . interesting , i shall investigate further . until then , please refrain from falling off the edge of your seat ; o me and my isfp sister when she was 1 and i was 8: d 60819 when im by myself and trying to focus i often make a weird squinty face and lean my head against my left hand ( fingers around side of forehead ) and bite down on the tip of my thumb . dear self , i am so proud of you for becoming one of the most well rounded intps i know . a motivated , increasingly outgoing intp that is in touch with his feelings ? you da bess :) sincerely , ... i had something long typed up but lost it all :( anyway the short answer for me , and presumably some other intps , is that i saw at an early age the benefits of thinking , logic , & reasoning skills . it ... me too ! sometimes its like 4 1/2 and 3 but usually 6 ish and 90 min . '