' i wasn't sure anyone would remember me ! i guess this makes be rude + 1 for taking another hiatus lol oh gosh , no , don't apologize lol ! i thought you were pretty spot on and still are pretty spot on with your opinion :) i appreciate your honesty . i know what i need to do in order to save myself , ... i can definitely see this being true . i do enjoy being needed . * sigh * i fear the realization that he isn't the one for me . i fear a lot , to be honest . it's really lame . i have always found myself attracted to people that i need to fix . yet when i find ... i've tossed the abuse word around in my head a few times . by definition , he is . he's emotionally and verbally abusive . the word on its own , though just sounds so harsh . my aunt is with a drunk , he ... i'm not sure what his type is . i made him do the test once but can't remember what the result was . we know each other extremely well . he's brought me out of my shell in a lot of things . i never ... thing is , we never really had that honeymoon phase of our relationship . he's been honest with me and said that in the beginning , he was only with me to temper the pain of breaking up with his ... as a nurse , i see family members every day struggling with the same things you are and it breaks my heart . alzheimers & dementia is one of the absolute worst diseases there could possibly be . what ... i feel so disconnected to myself in the relationship that i've been in for the last year and a half . from the start , we've been living together . talk about fast . i adore him to pieces , love him ... i very briefly dated an enfj ( learned his type a couple years after our brief romance ) and it lasted all of a week haha . i'm an emotional , future-driven , hopeless romantic , but he was 10x moreso . it ... i do this so often . it drives my bf absolutely crazy . why do you just stare off into nothingness so much ? 90 % of the time , i don't think about the fact that i'm staring but sometimes i'll ... the last few are most recent - threw in a pic of my most loved tattoo for good measure :) 66163 66164 66165 66162 love love love ! i have ball pythons <3 normally , this would be something that gives me a huge boost ! right now , i'm so fresh into being alone that it's bumming me out even more ! making eye contact and smiling is something i do a lot . if you can brighten someones day , why not , right ? i know for me , if i'm interested , i make it well known . if it got to the point where someone was telling me that having all the what ifs and no solid ground was draining them , i'd probably ... the only thing that i can possibly relate to in that statement is the need for alone time sometimes . i'm not awkward around groups of people nor do i get anxious , but i do need to just be on my own ... i can definitely relate to your fear of rejection and needing to know that feelings are reciprocated . i think they go hand in hand . a lot of the time , i can't outright say i'm interested in you ... i'm an incredible sap , so i understand perfectly haha . i could almost consider myself a pack-rat in terms of keeping things from old loves . it took me a long time to toss the old ticket stubs , ... i'm turning 22 soon . i have the same ideals as you . i want my man to myself for a while before i have to share him with babies haha . i added screen shot pics to that post . can anyone see them ? if not , the post won't make any sense haha edit : i'm awesome . fixed it . he and i have never dated , but we've been friends for years , and he's the one i lost my virginity to ( hence the soft spot comment ) a few years ago . we've always been close . sex never diluted our ... i don't think i've ever raged on anyone , really . i've raised my voice , stormed off and things like that , but i don't show anger much . for me , i get super quiet and i stew about it . if i'm at home ... for the last ... 7-8 months , mine has been bad . like ... terrible . horrible . gut wrenchingly bad ! when my girlfriend , trina had her daughter and i visited , oh boy . baby fever over-drive . then my ... i've thought about the authority figure thing . my best girl friend as well as my uncle are just chomping to give him a piece of their mind . i'm more of a leave it alone and it'll go away person ... i've had a lot of people ask me that haha . i think part of it is my desire to own something so ... nice . i think it's some sort of validation for me . it also has a lot to do with the fact that i'm ... indeed . i'm studying psychiatric nursing :D anything that involves helping others is a solid choice for an enfj . psychiatric nursing enfj - nurse any thoughts ? i very briefly dated an enfj a couple years back . i ended it and he's still shook up about it . references things i said long ago , things i did , how i laughed , what i was wearing etc ... i dated an infp for about 7 months . we did have a connection , and think we still do in some senses ( just not the romantic one ) , but our relationship since our breakup has been so hot and cold . seems ... just wondering how many of you have kept old cards / love letters / notes from any of your ex's ... or even their families . i've kept everything from the time i started dating my first boyfriend up ... yeah , i have to agree with razvan about the criticism thing . enfj's simply just don't like criticizing anyone . i know i hate it . no matter if it's constructive or not . an infp who i was pretty ... 2 - i now own a brand new 2010 dodge charger sxt . so sexy ! ! 3 - i got in to the psych nursing program ! ! student loans just came through and i start school on may 2nd ! 8 - jay turned into an ... little update : this guy is constantly trying to contact me . i'm actually getting really creeped out . he's called me from blocked numbers , emails , texts etc . i finally got a new phone , so he never ... i can't not look people in the eye . i feel like i'm ignoring people if i'm not looking them in the eye when they speak . my mom is an enfj ! we're super close . when i was a kid , she was mom . now , she's one of my best friends . : happy : absolutely . that's why this is such a nice change for me . he went for the boobs a bit last night ( 4th date , really ) but i could tell he was hesitant even at this early stage in the game . super ... oh gosh , with guys my own age ... i'm lucky if i can kiss for 5 minutes without hands wandering . even with my ex , we never spent time just kissing . it made it all the more special with nathan because ... oh , i was intoxicated all right ! it has been so so long since i just kissed someone for that length of time without having their hands wander or clothes come off . i missed just kissing so much ! ... hahaha , i kissed him and i will kiss him again and again ! he knows i'm not a fan of smoking , and he made a point of having gum . i really couldn't tell the difference . he has good dental hygiene haha . that's exactly what my mom said to me before i came home tonight . she said that things are just falling into place so easily already . it has to mean something . you'll marry him one day , melissa , ... thank you ! :D i'm seriously so incredibly happy right now . nothing could pop my bubble ! the chances of all of this coming together like it has , are so slim ! not only him finding my post on ... that's a lot of rambling ! but , to make it more discussion orientated , i'll ask a couple questions . how much is too much of an age gap for dating , in your opinion ? nathan is 13 years older . and , ... what are the chances ! :p roud : i'm just going to copy and paste my posts from another site . i started the thread a couple days ago , so i'll make sure to put * * * beside each new post * * * so , i ` ve ... i find when i'm talking to strangers on the phone , like telemarketers or something , my voice is a bit higher in pitch than usual . other than that , i don't really see a difference . i laugh more ... in the last year , i've definitely become more independent with relationships . the contrast between my last relationship and the relationship i had during grade 12 is incredible . looking back at my ... whether it be a person , your computer , cell phone , substances ? have you ever recognized that your life revolves too much around something like this and made a conscious decision to either cut it ... i went to college for my resident care aide diploma . i've been working in nursing homes for 2.5 years now . i did a few pre-nursing courses in university . english , psychology and sociology . and now , ... how long have you been together ? are your trust issues deep or superficial ? if you're just engaged , and haven't actually planned a wedding yet , i would really consider taking a step back and ... '