' maaaybe landon ( entp ) and jaimie ( infj ) from a walk to remember .. ? i saw somewhere they typed him as esfj ... but the whole ex kinda bad boy thing then building a telescope for jaime and later ... maaaybe landon ( entp ) and jaimie ( infj ) from a walk to remember .. ? i saw somewhere they typed him as esfj ... but the whole ex kinda bad boy thing then building a telescope for jaime and later ... cool ! ! ! we'll have to check out the mike myers comedy ! :) and yea i guess rick is more estp .. although he makes a lot of facial expressions that are almost identical to some of my hubby's ... rick entp evie infj ? > _ < love them ! <3 yay or nay ? > _ < ohh i also like and agree with cal and gillian from lie to me ... but its kinda a heavy serious relationship / show ... we need comedy with the entp acting like a silly tasmanian devil and the infj ... haha .. i think i agree with calvin and hobbes :) i'd love to watch like a comedy with entp and infj ... and i'd love to claim pepper for our type but i really think she's more of a sensor ... yay :) yea i agree i'm thinking pepper is an infj or isfj ... but id really love to see a comedy with entp and infj lead characters ... and yes i ditto the above and would love to hear how these two ... i found this website does anyone know other ones ? âx99 ¡ xx âx80x94 entp + infj ships hubby and i have been obsessed with watching smallville lately and i had a feeling that clark and lois had that ... i found this website does anyone know other ones ? âx99 ¡ xx âx80x94 entp + infj ships hubby and i have been obsessed with watching smallville lately and i had a feeling that clark and lois had that ... oops , i forgot to post where i took the functions test . i did it on jungian cognitive functions test i did find it accurate for me . i also believe this proves how people of the same personality type ... hey guys ... i just wanted to say that if you really want to try to analyze compatibility and functions i highly recommend in finding out your socionic dcnh type . i'm mbti infj and iei in ... okay everybody ... ive come to the conclusion that .. 1 . ) socionics relations and their negativity can just go kick rocks and honestly i dont think i have a stupid socionic type . i always get ... sorry i wrote too much guys .. i guess to get to the point im wondering what the best type for entp men could be marriage and living together wise , not necessarily just love and attraction ... thank you i feel like you understand what im trying to learn . i really admire isfps and i think you guys are on of the most accepting and loving types . i think maybe also one of the most diverse ... thank you everyone for your replies . i'm ready to toss both myers briggs and socionics out the window , but its kind of an unhealthy obsession of mine . i cant even delete this account they don't have ... like online i saw some tragic posts from entps who were married over ten years and got really depressed to both isfjs and infjs . plus socionics confuses the heck out of me . i don't know if we are in ... i'm married to an entp but wondering if i should adopt either isfp or isfj traits to be even more supportive for him . ( i've spent some time on socionic sites .. plus i'm having a hard time finding ... which out of these three types do you think would be the best wife for you , isfp , isfj , or infj ? why ? socionics and mbti have extremely different systems and views on compatibility .. so which out ... yes me too . i always score infj but my cog test results were fi > ni > ne > ti > se > fe > te > si . my fe is so low .. although lately ive been trying really hard not to be a people pleaser so maybe thats why .. ? i have an extreme fear of hurting others . not like ptsd with soldiers of course , but im scared to negatively effect / influence and also to not be able help others who are hurting . my mom has severe ... q : how do you turn on an infj ? a : marry her . oh yea and by workaholic i just meant work . like before we were dating if he wasnt filling his time with work he fell into alcoholism and depression . after we were married about six months ( we were ... thank you its great to hear from someone with real experience . :) honestly i have a huge love / hate relationship with mbti and socionics .. but if i didnt learn about types i think my hubby and i would ... thank you .. i agree so much adaptability is so important . its not just about finding the right person ans being yourself , its about loving your spouse in the present and adjusting to their needs ... oh also do you tend to be a workaholic ? like you need to work like 60 hrs a week ? i have a question for entp men . if you are married or have any ideas of how you would like your future wife to be please enlighten me . do you want your wife to do most all cooking , cleaning , day to ... what do you guys think their types are ? i think when i was a kid i wanted to be like evie .. lol i thought she was do so cute but also mysterious . im thinking shes infj which might be why i ended up ... another thing : what is important / sensitive to his victim may not be the same for him . like if someone did the same thing to him he wouldnt really care . so i try to think of something that is ... well ive sort of seen this with my husband . with that ill usually have to try and talk him through a switched similair hypothetical situation . ill talk him step by step putting him in the other ... thanks for the responses guys . i dont want to change him but i do want to better understand him . i truly feel that if i was to flirt with other men i would be doing a huge disrespect to him . so of ... what are some examples of the things he does which go against your morals ? hello , i just want to say its refreshing to read this . to see an entp husband with a christ centered life and true love for his wife . i am a newly married infj wife to an entp . i have been actually ... * you will laugh but we probably got through it because his first language is spanish , so i dont understand most of what he says when with his family / friends unless he / someone translates . and with me ... my self-imposed restriction will probably be based on the threshold of my partner . my isfj girlfriend doesn't really care a lot , maybe because she doesn't want to look too clingy , so i just let ... i dont flirt unless i mean it . when men flirt with me i turn them away from it as politely as possible . the closest i think ive come to making a man misinterpreting my feelings is when one of my ... ok thank you for your perspective . its really bizarre to me actually so its hard to accept when my husband might do it . it reminds me of when jesus said whoever even just looks at a women with lust ... thank you for your reply :) do you think its common for entps to continue this behavior even after married ? what happens if the lady theyre flirting with takes them seriously ? like if she tries to ... thank you for the reply but im asking from a more marriage standpoint . like the last entp reply . why flirt when youre married ? and like what happens if the lady takes your flirting to heart when you werent really serious ? what do you say / do ? especially if youre married / in a serious commitment ? also what if one of the ladies you flirt with takes you seriously , likes you , and tries to act on it ? how would you react ? hello im curious as im married to an entp and i think he still flirts sometimes with other women too . i trust he wont actually cheat , but why do that ? dont you think its disrespectful for your wife ? do you think there's any correlation between entp and flirting with anything that moves ? like do you guys often flirt without having any serious intentions ? before we were married my entp husband ... can it be used to help create comfort for others ? how does this work when it is subjective ? i was reading about si in socionics and its a way some types help others relax , be physically cared for , ... yea .. maybe its both .. like lucid could be more ne ? and deja vu more si ? si has always been mysterious / but unimportant to me in my own life . but i want to learn more about it / how to use it . as far as usefulness .. especially with others .. how does it work ? like is it ... yes ! i think it has to do with how i was raised . my father ( istj ) never really shows affection .. let alone hugs ( like amelie's father ) haha and my mom ( intp ) is very shy so hugs once in a blue moon ... yes . my husband loves twilight . i wont tease him about it but he gets pretty emotional during us watching it . actually also nicholas sparks movies etc . i have to try not to let him see me roll my ... like ill be infj during sexy or soul bonding time .. or isfp during practical and social community time . haha i think this is your perfect type . ;) hey yo entps : as an infj with the most amazing soulmate husband entp i have studied your romantic type preferences for ... years . if you google it youll come up with so many forum threads on this ... '