' age : 23 gender : male country of residence : usa nationality : american languages : english still haven't completely changed a letter yet , so we'll see i guess . i'm going to be a senior in college next year , and ever since the start of high school , my percentages of being an infp are going down . freshman year of college , i was 100 % i , and in the 80s on the ... 67206 the haircut i just got does wonders . i do this all the time . honestly , both dying and immortality scare the crap out of me . whether on earth or in an afterlife . the idea of going on forever scares me , but the idea of ceasing to exist also scares me ... so i'm ... me at one of my school's football games this year . i'm a 21 year old music education and composition major from georgia . i like talking to anyone , so pm me ! hey guys .. i originally posted this thread . two years later , i finally enjoy college ! i found some friends that i can be myself around , and my two best friends from high school are my roommates ... i've always tested as an infp , but 3 years into college , i just took an online test again and got enfj . hmm . this is a concert band piece that i finished over the summer called solstice ! solstice by ben ratliff by bpmmusic 2 on soundcloud - create , record and share your sounds for free as tempting as reliving old memories is , i would go with live forever . i would still remember all the memories i've had , and i would continue living . i could make new memories as i lived my life ... mine's around 142 . oddly , my mathematical ability is higher than my verbal ability , but not by much . although i haven't taken a math class now in over two years . i was good at it , but i didn't like ... so , i don't have any experience writing , so don't judge my writing in this , but i got bored and decided to start writing something loosely based on my life in high school . dunno where else to share ... call me weird , but there's nowhere else i'd rather be than home . this is me last night after i conducted my new piece for middle school band . i'm in the center . mountains . waterfalls . woods . trails . powerline clearings through woods . i know a christian myself , having my partner share my religion is a very important aspect . i do agree that this should have been talked about before , but this is hard on her . maybe after some time ... i got hufflepuff . when i was in middle school and high school , i would also have very strong crushes on people , although they were very few . once i have a crush on someone , even if i get a new one , later on i can look ... i have romantic fantasies with every crush i've ever had . my crushes are few and far between , though . sometimes i'm happier in these fantasies than in a real relationship . i'm a christian . methodist , to be exact . around the 8th - 9th grade area , i started having doubts , and that was the worst time of my life . i was depressed 24/7 because i was distraught at the thought ... a piece of music conducted my be that i wrote performed by a community band i put together . my dream kiss was actually my very first kiss . it couldn't have worked out more perfect . i had just started dating my first girlfriend when i was a senior in high school . i had never kissed anyone ... i hate it when i actually have the random urge to be social and talk to new people ... and everyone is asleep . =/ me before graduation a couple of years ago . i don't use drugs or drink ... it all seems pointless to me . just seeing people use them makes me not want to . i enjoy myself enough without those things . i must be weird . i remember everything . every event that has happened , the date we did things , etc . it makes me mad that other people can't remember all the stuff i do . i usually only have a high sex drive when no one is around - except for my significant other . as soon as other people are around ( that aren't my significant other ) , my sex drive goes away . i have to ... straight . conservative in my own personal life , liberal among the masses . hmm .. i am doing something really strange . being a music major . ;) when your school's football team makes it deep into the playoffs , and you're excited , but then you start to think of the opposing team's coaches and their families and how upset they might be , and ... man , all my dreams are normal . they are situations that would happen in real life , although usually ideal . i used to daydream these things , but as i've gotten older , they've become my real dreams ... no one here in college is for me . they all like to party , and i just like to settle down , maybe watch a movie , take walks , and just spend time with that special someone . i had the perfect girlfriend ... oh man , this is tough . if i ruled the world , i would have my own agenda . i have my own view of how the world should be , and i will try to stick to that . i also know other people have different views , ... i'm 20 . i'm getting old . =/ getting to the point where dreaming is looked down upon . =P i think musical tastes are something infps differ on just because the music is so personal to them . they like music that fits them personally and maybe gives them a nostalgic feel . for me , that's ... october by eric whitacre . i'm going to disagree a bit here and say that while you aren't ready to start dating someone new , you should look around and talk to people . my girlfriend broke up with me over two months ago , and i ... i'm fine with 1 on 1 conversations . and there are about 4 people i'm truly comfortable with . 3 friends , and my ex-girlfriend . in a group is where i suffer . if i know everyone in the group well ... from one of my professors : i know you're being polite and reserved , but i don't want you to treat me like i'm a hand grenade . i had an imaginary friend named mr . clear . i like being alone , but i also like being with one close friend a lot . to me , that's just as good as being alone . crowds are cool everyone in awhile , but i can't handle them for very long . dear person , i'm still not over you . i probably never will be 100 % . i don't see how you can claim to love me and wanna be with me forever and then two days later leave me after 13 months of ... well ... sometimes when i get so mad , i'll throw things at people out of rage .. not really a good thing . smallville and glee . everyday you wish it was one year ago when watching this still makes you happy . i'm not really sure . i have two infj girls that i talk to a lot ( me being a guy ) , and they always seem to be just one step ahead of me with how i deal with things . i'm not really sure if that makes ... '