' say some insightful stuff to someone who has hiring authority , haha , could i say i had such imagination from time to time , pretending i am wise and cool . though i think i should have more practice ... but actually yourself are nevery changed . you are still the guy who you are . when you find you are not entp , maybe it is good . you have a better perspective of who you are . sounds really interesting ! to see different people , bringing a solution out of tons of information , and try to convince the contractor to execute the offered solution are really interesting ! it gives ... they say there are different postions in consulting companies . one is to meet with clients . they communicate for more information of clients and try to figure out the solution , and the other is ... as an entp , i found it very difficult to perceive the deep emotions of people and give an approperiate feedback to make them feel better . for me , when i found someone is in difficulty , the first ... have my thanks as your first thank received in the personalitycafe :) i like you . i still remembered your word i never come to the world to punch the clock . it is very encouraging . :p roud : thank you very much for your kind suggestion . hmm ... maybe i should have a good thought about my career , it seems even less linear . : rolleyes : it must be cool to see how you persuade your customers and close the deal . your words really enlightened me . to make every meeting a little project to achieve . it sounds like seeing the whole set of ... they say entp's life path is anything but linear . :) process engineering--finance---technical marketing are awesome changes . i think for guys of other characters , they would rather move away from ... i am so grateful about you . i learnt a lot from your posts ! : happy : from my experience , entp is quite different . the careers & jobs designed in the society are usually not so suitable for the character of entp . i have some questions and i need to be enlightened . ... from my experience , entp is quite different . the careers & jobs designed in the society are usually not so suitable for the character of entp . i have some questions and i need to be enlightened . ... revolution is not that romantic , and in most occassions , it is full of pain , bloodshed and terror . unless someone really means it , and is willing to sacrifice everything he owns , even his life , it is ... if you want to change , you can change it . thought it takes some time : happy : i was like you , and it really tasted bitter . you feel the sense of powerlessness , and you had no willpower to change it ... you are so fantastic , and i hope i could have the similar life and persue the dream as you did ! i love you story , it is really cute : tongue : i love this sentence , you were never born to punch a clock . didn't mean to blame anyone . instead of saying he is not fasinating , i prefer to say he's lack of experience . romance is like a win-win business , it depends on two sides to enjoy the process . if one ... man , it is easy to let a girl to know you love her . it is almost written on your face . the question is how to let her accetp the love , and you two can start a romance . i would say , frankly , you ... thank you for the post . it helps me know better about how nfs are brought up . since i am an n type , so a lot of good friends of mine are nf guys . some of them are males and some of them are females ... take the gentleman in my avatar as an example , he is an n type guy . hope it would be helpful for your judgement . the best and quickest way to tell a guy n or s is to look at his / her photos : if the eyes are often in a lost focus condition , he / she is an n . if the eyes sparkle , he / she is an s . yes ! that is it ! it seems really a good choice to meet more people . i found she seems like fefueled after meeting with people , especially with life experience . i think it is really a good ... yes , time heals and makes many things . meanwhile i would like to know if there is anything to do before the time does its work ? i don't mean it is climb off the wall at once . i know she is not able ... thank you for the comment . it occurs to me that indeed my friend is not willing to face such conflicts in life . the first thing she wants to do is fleeing away . i think it slows down the accumulation ... thank you very much for the detailed explanation . now i know much better how nfs function when they try to say no . nfs don't just refuse others by judging the request is reasonable or not , and they ... you are such a kind people . it is not easy to understand nf's priority on the good relatioship with people around . i come to understand more from your answer . : happy : there is one thing that really concerns me is how you handle the situation as below : friends , relatives , you know , may not always be so kind hearted . maybe they do not do it deliberately but ... yes , thank you ! except i cannot find out where the thank button is . i remember there was such a button . thank you very much for your explanation ! yes , i would like to ask more questions if i could . :) 1 . in your first answer , you said you would like to give an actual reason why you cannot do the task ... i think genearlly speaking , there are two difficulties nfs would conquer through out their lives : 1 . to face the reality other than live in self imagination or feeling 2 . to face the confilcts in ... i know you nfs are kind hearted and friendly guys . but there are always occasions which require people do give a refusal other than smile and accept with a bleeding heart . i have a good nf friend ... 1 . friend , the potential future is in your hands . it is you who uses your strength and your will to change the future 2 . the future is always unknown , that is what fascinates us . use your ... i think things may not be that bad as it seems to be . 1 . first you said about it is a very important goal like a life goal you want to achieve . but what on earth is it that ails you ? ... it is interesting to have such exciting life goals . i have to say it is weird but it is really interesting . actually we can also accomplish some real goal if we can train the ability to persist ... being smart is good , but it is not good enough . you need to learn to hang in by making more attempts . guts and persistence make a man man . yes , absolutely . i don't speak spanish though , i use translating software . find some goals , starting with something small , and achieve it . gradually it will wash off the sentimental thoughts , just like your thoughts go though a wash machine . if you don't want the farm ... if you don't want to do it , just say no . if a man worth of loving , he will respect your attitude . you are 32 , that doesn't mean you devalued compared with the young girls . respect yourself , ... my suggestion is to achieve more and goals by yourself , rememeber to start from something small . gradually you will come to know the reaction between effort and good consequence is not like ... i found myself very difficult to be grounded . i was easy to get exhausted , and easy to divert myself into exploring more possibilities . at that time , i was like a ship without an rudder . i took the ... i think it has nothing to do with personality . if you like a girl and want to start a relationship , then make it happen . being home as a otaku is neither convenient to persue a girl you like or ... to talk with someone is only a small angle to know a guy . trying to understand someone's real personality , you got to see how they act : 1 . in a long term . chinese old saying it takes a long ... every type procrastinates . unless you find out what you live for . or you are being chased by a bulldog . : laughing : i think for a while , finding it is really difficult to tell . : frustrating : maybe that is why socrates put know thyself as a superlative wisdom . : rolleyes : mbti is a very useful theory , and it is only a theory . it only describes part of the story , not all . i like to introduce it to my friends . not matter whether they believe it or not , i will make ... if you really have what it takes to live in some foreign countries for several years , i suggest you have some try . after experiencing different life styles and cultures , you will have answers ... be the change you want to see in the world . not try to escape . in many other counries , people depict usa as heavens and blame the countries they were born for the reason they are not feeling ... 1 . accept worry self-doubt is only part of the emotion , it happens 2 . find the good element in the environment : things are not that bad . 3 . make the decision what to do next the three ... '