' there are many forms and styles , but i think one universal is the focus on breath . a very simple place to start is to close your eyes , and simply follow your breath in your mind . be conscious of ... one huge aspect of poker is controlling your own emotions . having a big hand and betting big on it , can cause a physiological response that is very hard to control . even if you had the best poker ... i would also go with carlin , and hicks , maybe add richard pryor , robin williams , and dave chapelle . no particular order i got a 47 , average . however i went back and switched a few slightly agrees to agree and came up with 57 . i think it would be more accurate if there were seven choices instead of four , and about ... & v = I8dwq0NXwlc blues musicians are like wine , they get better with age . check this lady out , only 89 ! ! lpage & v = rexgg 76lkru i would characterize my musical tastes as eclectic , and ever-changing . if someone asks me what my favorite is i simply can't answer because it changes so frequently . i really like stuff that gives ... yes , enlightenment may become a scientific term . the dalai lama has spearheaded an effort to study the neurological effects of meditation . the research has led to major breakthroughs in various ... stevie ray vaughan and albert king , 1983 . this whole video is great with albert king imparting his wisdom on the 29 year old srv , while marveling at the young virtuoso's soul and technical prowess , ... another howlin ' wolf track , little red rooster 1961 the incomparable genius , cab calloway : i have been wondering about the prevalence of social anxiety among extraverts for awhile . it seems as though it would be more detrimental to an extravert than an introvert . i think it is a ... erik satie-this is kind of different from most classical , i never get bored of it . ... you won't get slaughtered at all . i personally don't have a problem with any personality type , it's the individual that's important . i have friends who i believe are esfjs and the only problem that ... you must keep in mind that lsd is a very powerful drug that has an unimaginable potency , it is very easy to overdo it . you can cut a hit in half and have a mild trip to start with . having a ... i was generally shy and was very attached to my mom . i had a blanket , which was very important to me , i would sniff it and suck my thumb . i liked to take things apart so i could try to figure out ... i would echo much of what has already been said . i always got the line you're not living up to your potential which just made me feel like a real loser . i always managed to get by and every now ... it might sound strange , but i love watching birds . today i saw a family of quail , it just made me a little happy . just like these ones but with more ... i like to read magazines from the back to the front . yeah , i do this too .. i've noticed that i get along quite well with infps and other isfps . they don't care that my house is a mess and seem to have similar values . it can be destructive too , because procrastination is ... i'm no expert , but i think infj sounds right . his ideas are very theoretical in nature ( austrian economics ) , he is a physician-an obstetrician , who seems deeply committed to helping others . his ... the difference , i think , can be very subtle , but it is there . yes ... i love to sing . infp vs isfp seems to be a common dilemma . this is a different approach to help determine type which i found very useful ... oh the simple pleasures ... today i had an especially good cup of coffee , i watered the garden noticing the healthy new growth and ripening tomatoes , and best of all : the tender kiss from my daughter ... the title is a bit off-putting , but the song is beautiful . glad you liked it ! i guess this goes along with bullying-when someone is demeaning to me or someone else for sport . or when people take advantage of mine or others niceness . yeah , i know that feeling ... when ...    jeff tweedy , remember the mountain bed . despite the description , woody guthrie wrote the words as a poem , wilco wrote the song . i love how he got all dressed up for the performance ... ... yes , i agree . i would add that percentages that the tests give you are not meant to be a quantitative measure of a given function , but rather are a way of sorting preferences . if you test 50/50 on ... there are no n's or s's , this is a misnomer . when you look at it this way , you can only add together a bunch of traits to make a personality , which is the antithesis of the mbti theory . the ... i think i would enjoy it more , but i don't know if i would actually get more out of it . i've always done better with alternative structures to the lecture / question model with a large group . for me , ... i don't think the legality of the drug is what stops people from using it . i mean , how many people don't smoke simply because its illegal ? i don't really understand what you mean about the economic impact . california has one of the largest agrarian economies in the world , and cannabis generates the most money . corporations ( tobacco ... part of the problem with correlating mbti with mental illness is that the mbti was not structurally or theoretically designed to match the illnesses which are presented in the dsm and visa versa . ... i normally don't like g rated kid movies , but horton hears a who is great . there's a lot of depth and humor thrown in just for adults . plus a great voice cast : jim carey , steve carell , charles ... philip guston progression from 1940-1980  ... you could start by studying a course catalog and seeing what the required courses are for those subjects , and see which classes are most appealing to you . '