' my friend who is a girl had to leave early and i said i'd find a way home . i put up a facade all day at work and i just want to be myself at the end of the day . god forbid someone show true emotions ... i feel like i got too personal on here . just wondering if any other infp had any helpful tips for dealing with criticism and rejection . are you suggesting i scream in the presence of loved ones and friends ? i keep finding myself back in this thread . i'm stuck inside myself . i feel disconnected and unable to interract with people on a personal basis . i can still work . it's just an act . but i'm afraid of ... i haz two cats . they help a bit . i feel like i can't hold it in anymore . everywhere i go the past ten days or so there are reminders of mother's day . i understand the purpose of the day and what it means to the majority of people ... i've learned i can't make my mind shut up . i can distract it from unpleasant topics , but that's about it . better to think too much than to think too little : wink : i actually tend to be very good at speaking on the phone , but then again i have to be . 85 % of my work is spent on the phone with various companies , customers , employees ... i am sooo lucky to be ... often times , an infps trust is earned slowly over time . however , seeing as this is your father i'm going to assume you've spent years together so it must be something else . perhaps he isn't ready for ... i would suggest starting small . if someone asks you which restaurant you'd like to go to make a definitive decision instead of saying i don't know or why don't you decide . build up to bigger , ... it's a week away now . another one of those days that's always hard for me to get through , no matter how many years have gone by . i doubt anyone other than my husband will say anything to me about it , ... impressive . ... i'm not sure how i feel about this i think this is the best thing i've read on here all night : laughing : i'm biased ... my best friend of 12 years is an intp i'm happy because it's been warm and sunny all week , and i'm going to the beach this weekend . it's one of my happy places haha . being in love has always made me daydream more than normal , and less seems to bother me . also , i'm not a touchy-huggy kind of person in general , but i've always craved / felt comforted by being ... i struggled with assertiveness until i hit adulthood ... then i learned that no one will respect me if i act like a doormat . i still hate conflict , but i hate being disrespected or being treated poorly ... i believe you are right about wanting to feel included . i feel connected to my fellow infps so i made myself a bit more vulnerable . just one baby step at a time . everyday i feel i'm getting more and ... i have never heard of her , but then again the only models i am fairly familiar with are some of the victoria's secret angels : blushed : i'm confused ( which isn't a rarity for me ) . as i've gotten older i realize i've grown more calloused towards the world and most people in it . this kind of freaks me out a little bit , and i don't know ... i chronicle my dreams fairly regularly . usually , when i see them written down i am able to see what my subconscious seems to want me to know . i don't believe all dreams are profound , but even the way ... hugs all around ! ! ! and i know this isn't a picture or gif of hugging but damn it , it's cute ! 113938 this one is more of a personal one for me , but trying to make a decision with another infp . we aren't known for our decisiveness , so when questions such as what do you want for dinner ? or what do ... this doesn't sound like a type issue . this sounds like an emotionally abusive relationship . you should never feel scared of your partner . that isn't normal . and it also isn't normal for him to react ... is that a good thing or a bad thing ? i've always been curious about this as well . i've never had the desire to have children , but i wondered if it would / will change as i get older . i love physical affection ... but only from specific people i love and trust . so , not very many people . i can't stand when i'm just meeting someone and i go to shake hands but then they hug me . i'm ... i'm interested in joining , but i'm not really sure how these things work . would someone please do me the kindness of explaining : blushed : i know i'm pretty new here , but i could really use a hug : sad : tonight i've been wondering about the afterlife . not so much as what happens when we die but wondering if we get to see the loved ones that have already passed on when we die . i want to believe ... i dislike negativity and cruelty . i don't think i could stand idly by and let someone speak in an unnecessarily harsh or mean tone with someone i love ... hell , i probably would step in even if i ... no i was not . my goal was to stay under the radar , get good grades , and get out of there everyday . i acheived those goals with flying colors . i think my jawline is fairly strong , but i do have large , round eyes . 112538 1125 46 i'm bored and slightly frustrated . i call my intp best friend ' asshat ' ... amongst other things . all in love though . son , i'm going to teach you how to drink too much , sleep with a multitude of women , and not give a f-k while making an obscene amount of money . - what i imagine don draper telling his son . i feel the same ... but in a sexual way : tongue : he is my celebrity crush . you second guess even the smallest of decisions . oh dear god , do i want puffy cheetos or crunchy cheetos ! ? ! ? ! 111914 - eric cartman . sorry guys ... it's one of those random nights . 111898 1119 06 i feel like i just killed the mystery a bit : unsure : be happy that they are good dreams . it gives you something nice to look forward to in the evening : happy : i experience this on a fairly regular basis . do your dreams tend to be good , bad , or neutral ? there was only one time when i was a young teenager that i didn't pursue someone i liked , not because of insecurity , but more because i had no idea what the hell i was doing . other than that , ... i find guys with long hair incredibly sexy . it's my achilles ' heel . 111738not sure about ' seductive ' . piercing seems a bit more accurate . if i'm not intimidating then why am i approached so rarely by new people ? i think i somewhat subconsciously put out that vibe as a defense mechanism . yay for self sabotage ! i suppose i'm looking for something that is inbetween the closeness levels you described . not too surface , not too deep . it isn't a bad thing . i haven't met an infp that i didn't get along with . '