' ab-so-freakin-lutely . i think that my public persona matches up with esfp when i'm trying to be social . it takes a huge amount of emotional energy , and exhausts me to the bone , but i can pull ... i'm definitely not your average man , but i'm certainly masculine , and i enjoy that fact . infp women are pretty awesome though , credit where credit's due . good gods , but i the one thing i'd much rather not think of in relation to sex is parenthood . i think , actually , infp's may just be the best lovers . - we're intuitive , so we can read a lover's body without having to break the mood and ask a dozen questions . - we're naturally considerate ... pretty sure i also posted in this thread , and yeah , casual sex is awesome . not as good as something meaningful / long term ... but burgers are still really tasty even though ribeyes are better .  ... it would be awfully nice if i could sleep one of these days . yeah ... the four hours i got two days ago was nice n ' all , but even i have my limits . hah , now - that - is an amusing autocorrect . i'd written disappointed . devastated . met a cool woman ( which is rare , for me , i'm super-picky ) . had what i thought was a great first date ... and then just totally getting ignored . sigh . some days it doesn't pay to get out ... this . best game ever written , without a doubt . and here i thought it was a nice bit of light flirting . well , i'm strongly infp on each dynamic , but i'm also strongly 5w6 . i put on my robe and wizard hat ... you're actually confusing a few facts . iq testing was first developed into the stanford-binet test in france . in america , a separate set of tests were designed for use in the us army , and were later ... meh , anybody who thinks i'm an airhead , is an idiot . shrugs and move on . how others see us : kind but weak , quiet and awkward , overly sensitive and not much fun , a good person but not someone you want to drink a beer with . 66890 how we see ourselves : suffering under ... okay , imma modify my initial answer . i just had a woman on a dating site message me and end her email with what are you most passionate about ? it is not a good question , at all , unless that ... always hits me like a punch to the gut , since i don't chase a woman unless she's appealed to me one some deep level or another . ah well , eh ? you just met the wrong guys , most likely . it happens . ever had a cat ? herby and acey nailed it . we are the music makers , and we are the dreamers of dreams wandering by lone sea breakers and sitting by desolate streams world losers and world forsakers upon whom the pale moon gleams but we ... in this case , the girl he's talking to has pretty clearly indicated that she wants to be pursued and she wants him to think up things to ask her . saying well , is there anything you want to know ... then definitely do ! but for the love of wombats , don't plan it out . if you're talking about something and your mind / the conversation tangents to something else ? sure , go there . but that's part of ... eh ... all you really need to do is point out that it's wildly unlikely that the drake equation equals zero . well , think of it this way : as part of an infp's drive towards real spiritual communion with another person , we all ( maybe even a little desperately at times ) want to be understood as much , if not ... to be honest , the idea of a set list of questions really turns me off . there's nothing wrong with the questions , in and of themselves ... but the whole point is , or at least should be , that someone ... my reason ? doing my part in the great work to help humanity , true humanity , be born since we are the prologue to humanity and have not yet sampled our true potential ; working in a multi-generational project to ... a couple phrases to keep in mind for the future - - as my old yiddish grandmother used to say : nobody can walk all over you unless you lie down for them first . - as my friends are prone to ... yep , that too . i do think that because we infp's are turned on by personality and personal connection , and we tend to intuit-the-whole when dealing with something or someone that interests us , ... it's just a joke . faking sincerity , and all that . as for you're golden , substitute you're set or you're good to go . sincerity's the key . once you can fake that , you're golden . yes . ( er , that was in response to whether or not it's wizard chess ) my ( our ) pleasure . feel free to ask any followup questions you may have . infp's are in many ways a study in contradictions . we long for real , honest , transcendent connection , true communion with a ... i'd kill ( well , maim ) for a good game of chess on yahoo or chess.com just sayin ' . you are not the only one . so , how about that local sports team ? eh ? eh ? here are a couple of new ones . 6623866239 66240 standard disclaimer , can't speak for other infp's , yadda yadda ... - discussion should be meaningful and personal ( but not tooo personal , until your conversational partner lets you know that ... for my money , the infp anthem is still no time to think by dylan . i apologize for only reading the first few paragraphs , but honestly , there's no need to read anything else . there is only one piece of advice : run . if you require a second piece of advice : ... : thanks much . avoid her like the plague , for now at least . apologizing to someone after all that time isn't about them anymore , it's about you . so whatever it is that she's got going on , she's trying to work it ... eharmony is kinda crap . if you want online dating , match.com is pretty good for serious stuff and okcupid is good for anything from casual to serious , depending on who you find . you can also try ... for what it's worth , the description that the op cites really makes me angry . it's condescending , foolish , and above all , wrong.the idea that i've devoted myself to helping humanity reach its ... well ... to soften the blow , or to feel better about herself . nobody wants to think of themselves as mean , but sometimes our acts of petty kindness are the cruelest behavior we can muster . yep , confidence is sexy . most often men will attain that by being successful , but like they say : confidence is key . and once you can fake that , you're golden ! and sure , there are women who aren't ... ordinance ? edit : seriously though , your friend needs to cut him off , zero contact , for as long as it takes . this will just let things fester . in starlight , serene the cloudless sky , pale yellow-white moon in flight wind whips low and slow , ruffling waves of grass time passes softly into the night in rays of sun , resplendent the ... '