' with you on esfps - i knew a very unhealthy one who was always wailing and crying about how sensitive she was and no one understood how hard it is to be her and if you didn't fall over yourself to ... what i know is it's not my type ! : laughing : i don't know - i was good friends with an istj , and he was certainly serious a lot of the time and very practical , but he wasn't really cold . maybe he ... an esfjs worst nightmare : tomorrow i am likely going to have to tell most of my office they are being furloughed , with no idea when they'll be coming back . it's almost a good thing this has been ... i think it's different for everyone . some people definitely do use it's not healthy to contain emotions as an excuse for bad behavior , and some people just let their emotions fly whether or not ... the ask an istj relationship question thread is 638 pages ( ok , half of that may be me , but still , that's impressive ) . : smile : i got air 60 points ; fire 50 points ; water 30 points ; earth 25 points . i'm an esfj , so i have no clue what correlation there is here . psl is delicious , but it's a fall thing ! you can't have pumpkin in summer ! anyway , i'd say the innermost desire of every esfj is to have everyone like them . not just saying everyone , but ... i love clothes and dressing up - i wear a lot of black ( new yorker ) but i like flashes of bright color and anything sparkly . i pretty much wear what's popular but i think i look good most of the ... sure , what's the problem ? good morning ! i have two reasonably large monitors and i love having two - when i work at home , i'm always annoyed because it's really hard to cross-check things or do a lot of the back-and-forth ... no problem - happy to have you here ! we may seem like we have impossible expectations , but it's not all that bad . generally , some recognition of what we're doing is enough to make us happy - we like the grand gesture , but the really ... i like those shows for the most part , but i don't identify with anyone unless there's a really good reason ( they have the same name , or same job , or something like that ) . and yes ... i do pay ... i know ... i always say , it's nice to be nice to the nice . i mean , i like most of the people i meet , so why shouldn't i be nice to them ? sure , i like some more than others , but overall , i genuinely ... dang , if you had sent me that first one a year ago , i ( possibly ) wouldn't have spent the next year telling you all in excruciating detail pretty much exactly that . because wow does that sound ... i'm voting for my own type - i feel like an esfj woman and istj man are kind of the all-american couple cliche - everyone thinks their mom is an esfj and their dad is an istj , so it must happen ... oh yeah , i have been with the bad boy that needs fixing more times than i can count - looking at my love life over the years , it's a see-saw between the bad boys who need fixing and the good boys who ... i think it's really just a matter of my favorite saying , if you're happy , i'm happy . i like making people happy ... sometimes that's cooking and sometimes , well ... : wink : i mean , who wouldn't want a ... hi everyone ! just wanted to stop in and say hi to my istj friends and those who hang out with them ! i've been super-busy lately but i made it through my birthday without too many breakdowns , so ... i feel like you've told me that before ... : wink : reading my post and the one above , i guess that's why folks think esfj's aren't the sharpest tools in the shed . : crazy : esfj : reading ( depending on my mood , fiction or non-fiction ) scrapbooking other crafts ( making signs , wreaths , etc . ) party planning baking / cake decorating cooking watching sports wasting time ... i remember my istj friend saying he kept helping us after he left the company because he felt guilty about leaving us when we needed him - he thought we were going out of business so he got another ... so , so sorry to hear about oreo ! :( it is so hard to lose a pet ! she was adorable , too - i can see why she was spoiled because who wouldn't want to love on that little pup ! my sympathy to you ... i want to meet the person who voted for esfj . maybe they were drunk and hit the wrong button by mistake ? : crazy : to each his own ! my istj friend actually had the responsibility for a while before he gave it to me and he went about it a lot differently - basically , the payroll got done , new hires and ... ugh on running into intj-m and ugh on the stomachache ! on the other hand , the rest of it sounds like a lot of fun ! : smile : well , not necessarily , but if it's going to happen , i'd like people to enjoy me ! true , that's me and my sister and she's like my best friend ( even if she does get on my nerves sometimes ) . soft shell crab because they're only available for one season of the year and when sauteed or fried , they are delicious . and you can eat every piece of them - no waste , no cracking shells , just ... i got the computer back but his friend joe who sent it to me didn't send the password , so i didn't / couldn't snoop . i didn't think i would anyway , but i might have . i guess because we were friends ... i don't know who participates in this thread who knows me , but if anyone knows me and thinks i'm not typed correctly , i do want to know ( a ) what other type i'd be and ( b ) why . this should be fun ! ... t's computer should be coming back today - i am ( so far ) resisting the temptation to snoop in it before giving it to it . i think that's why i slept badly , because part of me wants to look at his ... my sister is a medical billing supervisor for a hospital group and loves it - she basically learned on the job . she started working for a doctor's office a while ago ( front desk ) , they needed ... well , i work for a small company , so i am the hr department - in a big place , either i'd specialize or i'd be a senior generalist , but i'm with a small company in the digital publishing space , so my ... i refuse to admit to having been victimized ( what's next , i feel triggered ? ) , but if we want to know the most disliked type here , it is esfj hands-down . we're everyone's annoying mom , ... good luck with that - i work in hr and a lot of my job involves listening to people's problems all day , talking to people ( interviews ) , working on corporate culture issues ( party planning , making ... oh yeah , i wasn't a high school cheerleader - i was actually a drama / chorus kid . who knew ? wow , the quote from me brings back a lot of memories ! anyway , i'm not sure what the problem is with esfp-esfj communications - i was friends with an esfp co-worker for a while and then we had a ... who , me ? ! ? ooops ! ! ! : blushed : in the interest of full disclosure , the bitchiest people i've known personally were an esfp ( the frenemy ) and someone whose type i'm not sure of - maybe estj ... it was literally my first thought - hand tools , electricity , danger ! yes , yes , yes ! ! ! i have days where i'm just in a funk and don't know exactly why or where i have this sense of impending doom for no apparent reason . i've been like that forever , so i'm kind of ... just to add to the mom friend stereotype - be careful ! i think that's a super-nice idea ! the first one worked . the second one not so much ... i ended up as an esfp , because i am well-known for indecisiveness , although it's not p type indecisiveness , it's more like i want to check with ... my family ( and anyone who's ever been mad at me ) says that i have an all about me attitude and don't think about others . ( but a lot of other people say i'm always thinking of others , so i don't ... twice , once for 8 years and the current for 17 ( getting married the first time at age 20 helps those numbers ) . basically , i've been single for two years of my adult life , although i think the last ... yardiff bey - how did you like trust me i'm lying ? i'm in the industry and thought it was fascinating and more than a little scary . if i'm gonna hang with you guys , i should talk about istj's , right ? so i ran my friend's chart through here , well , if you believe in this stuff , no wonder we never got together . sun in aquarius , ... leo ( all about meee ) with the moon in gemini ( explains why i can never shut up ) , and sagittarius rising ( explains why i walk like i'm drunk when i'm stone-cold sober ) . mercury in virgo , venus in ... '