' the thing about that particular situation is that i had to give feedback , but would have chosen not to if i could because the given person is someone whom i find difficult to understand and with whom ... wife : kitteh : . what if the answer to the why do you allow * random suffering * type of question would be so , what did you do about it ? ? i was wondering how infj people here usually give people feedback . in a professional setting i happen to have to that every once in a while : happy : . i noticed a couple of things with myself : - ... i got married almost 3 months ago . making vows is indeed something intense to do , but the reason of this is that this articulates exactly what you are about to do . i think marriage should be seen as ... polygamy ? no way , think of the children ! why would you want to sabotage his effort to be a gentleman ? see the book of job chapter 38 for more on that : kitteh : . i am not too interested in typing her because i'd rather get to know her better than her type , but i suspect she's isfp . you're not god . i sympathise with women who are victims of rape and thus carry around a burden they did not in any way ask for , but the question remains : is it right to let the unborn child pay the ultimate price ... pro-choice . that is , women generally have the choice to run the risk to have their eggs fertilised . if you think you're mature enough to do so i think you should also be mature enough to bear the ... a certain pastor says that your wife is your standard of beauty and i agree with him on that . my girlfriend likes my jokes , shares my values , has the talent of enjoying herself and sharing that ... my girlfriend . she's just the sweetest thing :p roud : . afaik it's a transitive verb which means something like to determine something's gender . oh , and i don't do casual sex . that's what i thought , ask my girlfriend ... i had a period in which i obsessed over anime , but i have grown past it . my girlfriend really likes it though , and when i take it in with moderation i still enjoy it . hm , i do not yet have children , but i think i would have a hard time subjecting them to the evil ways of this world . having jw neighbours would be interesting . i once had a talk with one at my front door , a really nice man . i explained him the doctrinal reserves i have towards them , as well as towards their ... every once in a while i feel like visiting countries with controversial regimes , just to get a grasp of what it is actually like and what the essence of that regime entails . it is not that i endorse ... is not going to happen , man's inherent selfish ( aka sinful ) nature simply doesn't allow it . numerous things , mainly about what i perceive to be truth and justice . i may not actively pursue every one of them , though . - i strongly oppose the growing oppression of the secular majority in ... what she said . i do hope that infj does not equal woolliness . after reading this thread i mainly feel itchy ... i scored 79 % on the test , but i didn't exactly need it to know the result . i agree with people who say that it easily leads you to feeling that you're more special than others . as i recall , one ... while i do require time alone i get incredibly bored when i'm not seeing people for too long . being with loved ones in a tranquil setting and relaxing and / or discussing the more important matters of ... i try to sabotage data mining as much as possible by using ghostery . web bugs from companies who monitor your browsing behaviour are far more worrisome than content you willingly choose to share with ... things i like about facebook : - android phone integration provides me with pictures for my phone contacts ; - i find quite some status updates by friends informative , be it good food for thought ... you don't eat before going to the gym : s ? i don't seem to be able to really persevere in my hobbies . a common pattern for me is initial fascination , quickly gather knowledge about it , being nearly absorbed and then abandon it again once it ... i found it a bit hard to combine with a working schedule : be home at 5:30 pm , eat , go to the gym ( but not too early to make sure my meal stays in ) , work out for an hour and a half , be home at 9:30 and ... regularly ? what makes doing this worthwhile for you :) ? i need a degree of physical activity ( cycling , used to ride a racing cycle when i still was in college ) , but i do not really enjoy sports . watching it usually bores me too much and on top of that i ... did this person intentionally hurt you ? hello all , it seems that i'm back-ish after a long while : happy : . at a health care customer i noticed that they used mbti for certain types of patients , as i noticed infj showing up in a sample ... ... a friend remarks that you are incredibly creative when it comes to showing affection to others and you're like huh , what are you talking about : confused : ? must be fe : bored : ... at times i'm extremely nostalgic about things , but i think it is starting to pretty much fade away . i bought some souvenirs in israel and i think i would not feel about them a whole lot different if ... enfj - the teacher you scored 75 i versus e , 40 n versus s , 20 f versus t , and 60 j versus p ! your ideal partner is known as the teacher . this type needs to feel a deep and meaningful ... infj ( probably ) comfortable : i feel fascinated by and / or comfortable with at least a few people who are willing to have a meaningful conversation . this includes being witty : wink : . i listen to ... what would be typical te behaviour be like then ? hmm , this is interesting : happy : . i think that cognitive functions are important , fe-ti vs . te-fi . i yet have to find a good resource to distinguish between the two . to make matters more ... moments of silence are deadly while on the phone , while they could have been fine in a normal conversation . argh , yes : tongue : ! ykyaai when you constantly feel responsible for harmony and others ' well-being at the place where you work and you absolutely hate it when you realise that the best way to ... hmm , about these immediately notices things : i do to , but does having sensitive senses and a sharp eye immediately mean that someone's a sensor : confused : ? i collected one or two things , but it's a matter of time before i totally lose interest in it . actually , i happen to have a subwoofer in my car . came with it , it's useful for being able to hear lower frequencies despite engine noise . i can see this excitement thing , but can't people ... it's summer . open doors and windows inevitably lead to hearing the neighbours ' music a bit more than usual . and what i'm currently hearing makes me wonder : what's the appeal of * boom * * boom * * boom * ? ... * little bump * i could see a correlation between personality type and intelligence . it seems that intellectually gifted people tend to be pretty sensitive and intense individuals . apparently a ... - did you see that ludicrous display last night ? - what was wenger thinking sending walcott on so early ? - thing about arsenal , they always try to walk it in ! i like chatting with strangers , given either a tranquil environment , or an environment / person where exciting , interesting things are going on . in the latter case , my curiosity gets the better of my ... '