' i have sacrificed authenticity before and it was not one of my higher moments . i never experienced much inner harmony from doing so , in fact this created more inner dissonance and discontent because ... i'm either warm autumn or clear spring . i am definitely warm but between dark and light . i have dark brown hair with red natural highlights , amber eyes and fair skin with rosy peachy undertones . nyway , here's what the article said about counterpassions : people are expressing their counterpassion if they are : 1 … living in their passion ; 2 … not conscious of their passion and denying it ... i'm an infp and i think my introversion is most dominant in my vacation style . i'm planning a solo off-season vacation ( specifically to avoid crowds ) . i will be going to a beautiful quiet island in ... i lean towards individuality . i have the tendency to question the masses and explore opposing view points and i will do a great deal of thinking before i form an opinion . but in the end i will ... i don't think it changes , but there are times where we need to our weaker ones ( and i believe we can do this ) . also , we use all the variants regardless of our stacking and i believe certain ... it takes a lot for me to yell , i have to be both really upset and also really comfortable with the person , and even then sometimes i'm unable to yell or turn my feeling into words . i'm very soft ... i'm way too avoidant for my own good . and right now this is having bad consequences and is causing a huge misunderstanding from the person who i want to understand me the most . this person doesn't ... i find it impossible to get involved with anyone physically or emotionally without having a deep bond ( and i also need to know that the other person feels that same way about me ) . anything short of ... deleted post : reposting in the correct forum . which hsp forums are you on ? that sounds like a kind of forum i would enjoy and benefit from immensely . i tend to be shy on online forums and personality cafe is the only one i feel comfortable enough to post frequently on . i'm also on a craft forum and i've lurked on a lot of music forums . comprehensive enneagram quiz 16 personality types quiz yes actually ! i'm completely sure that i'm a 4w5 with all those types in my tritype but not sure of the order . sensor talk doesn't bother me that much , though i tend to get along better with introverted sensors , especially isfps and istps . but i understand what you're saying , as i sometimes feel really bogged ... i don't feel a strong drive to become a mother , but i'm not ruling it out and i can go either way . i like children in general but that doesn't mean i need to have children of my own . right now i'm ... slightly invisible and insignificant , but on top of that , too tired to care about that as much as i usually do . your enneagram ( with wing ): 4w5 your instincts , and how confident you are about them : so / sx . i'm sort of confident , sort of questioning right now . i'm very withdrawn so i wonder if sp is higher up ... i always think my creative writing style seems more sx 1st , though i do see myself as a so / sx ( though a somewhat uncertain so / sx ) . sx 1st topics often inspire my creativity , especially in poetry and ... i'm a 4 ( 5 ) -9-7 tritype as a 4 i definitely have a very quick and intense emotional reaction and i often react to things by withdrawing as well . i can get myself very worked up and sometimes it ... photography , especially nature and macro music , i play oboe and english horn in a few orchestras jewelry making reading writing ( poetry mainly ) used to paint water colors and compose music ... i just wanted to say that that was beautiful and i completely agree . i really wish that i could escape from the system live on my own and enjoy the beauty all around me . i throw myself into creative projects and other things i like to do . it gets my mind off things and i end up really enjoy it . also spend a lot of time discovering myself . i'm pretty much happy with my type ( though it is sometimes hard being a double withdrawn type ) , but not proud . i don't consider one type any better than another so i'm neither proud or ashamed of my ... i really want to forgive and see the best in people . part of this comes from understanding myself and how imperfect and human i can be sometimes . i know other people experience this too so i want to ... i'm 27 and working a 9-5 job but it doesn't pay enough for me to be completely independent so i'm still living at home . i secretly feel overwhelmed and out of place at work but i do my best to make ... i'm a 4-9- 7 and i relate to the general vibe of all these images . ... i've been really into this kind of thing lately . i've even thought about becoming sort of a nomad , and traveling and exploring the world with just the essentials . i really want to escape society and ... my avatar represents how i'm living in my own little dream world above the clouds . i like the view up here because i can see the stars more clearly . i got offended when people pressured me to be normal and i used to feel bad about being odd and i used to have the desire to be normal . now i don't really have that desire and have become confident ... i'm an infp and i work with developmentally disabled people all day . while i do like my job , i get drained ( more so by the coworkers and gossipy drama than by the work itself ) . at the end of the ... i used to expect a lot out of people in general and expected them to be kinder , wiser and more aware than they usually are . when i had these expectations , i would feel heartbroken along with ... i usually try to turn it into friendship whenever possible . i usually say i'm not interested in a romantic relationship and at this point in my life i would like to focus on on friendship . if i ... when it comes to friendship , i'm slow and cautious about getting involved and on top of that i'm particular . so when i do develop a close friendship i throw my all into it and want to hang on . losing ... i would like a mentor . it would be wonderful to have someone to go to for guidance . i offer lots of guidance and people go to me but i often feel that i have nowhere to go myself when i need help . i ... not at all . i'm a pretty private person offline and even on most other sites . i feel comfortable here and this is one of the places where i know i can be myself i think it's an nf thing . as an infp i identify with almost everything on this thread . social injustice , cruelty and unfairness bothers me a lot and i spend a lot of time thinking about it and ... i love the the idea and i'm definitely interested in sustainable living . though the idea of living out by myself is tempting too . i googled intuitive gardening and this site came up . :) just thought i'd share . intuitive gardening - tools for working with & revering nature i fantasize about growing my own food and would like to do that someday . i'm not sure about my skill at it but i am confident that it is something that could be developed with enough effort . i also ... i'm very tempted to delete mine . i want to simplify my life and i find that facebook is cluttering it up and it overwhelming . i want to interact and communicate with people in a deep meaningful way ... i scored highest as sensitive and i think it's a very good fit . i also relate to idiosyncratic . here are my scores : typepercent vigilant 50 % solitary 36 % idiosyncratic 50 % adventurous 32 % ... here's mine : subtle beauty here's some classical :  to me it feels like a no in general . i know a lot of people who think there's something wrong with being an introvert and i know extroversion seems to be rewarded a lot more . ( though i believe ... you'll find a lot of those in the enfp forum . i really would love to live in or near the wilderness of washington state for awhile and do some photography and just take in all the natural beauty . olympic park is especially tempting . ... '