' i only know of ( and am friends with ) two confirmed isfjs ; my mother ( whom i adore and get on extraordinary well with , we're similar people for many reasons ) and an old flatmate of mine ( she doesn't ... i've always associated myself with the phlegmatic temperament more than anything else . i've started and stopped typing an answer to this four times over because it's kind of a confusing divide for me . while yes , i have been guilty in the distant past of doing nice things because i ... i won't add the picture + text for obvious reasons , but i also got a pit bull ! :) my mum's actually an isfj as well . ( although my dad's likely an exxp ) yeah , i'll listen to pretty much anything , so there's definitely no ~ isfj getting stuck in a routine ~ stereotype when it comes to music , at least for me anyways . though i do agree with mendi ; if ... it's not a tv or movie , but i'm re-playing the mass effect video game trilogy and it's reminded me that i also relate really strongly to kaidan alenko . ( it probably helps i also see him as an isfj ) . ... this is definitely something i need to remember more ! don't be afraid to take time for yourself ; don't stretch yourself thin at the expense of your own health . yeah these aren't isfj-related , sorry . they're just things you don't want to deal with . ( also pro tip . relationships aren't all about what you do and do not want ; they're compromises . as much as ... for me it's either ann perkins from parks and recreation , or john watson from the sherlock holmes canon . chris evans is a pretty strong isfj as well ( at least imo ) . i'm gonna have to deviate from shale and say your friend does sound like an isfj in bunch of ways . i wouldn't say i take everything personally , but i want to strangle you would definitely be one of ... i tend to like a character more if i can identify with them , so my favourites are all generally isfjs . :) ( ie . john watson ( sherlock holmes ) , steve rogers ( captain america ) , kaidan alenko ( mass ... you are a considerate curator you are a curator you are straightforward and real , down-to-earth , and have a healthy respect for order and stability . these attributes , complemented by your ... i was as confused as emily 64 , because my results were 2-5- 9 , but i wasn't quite sure how the problem solver would apply to me . but the explanation makes more sense : alll the time . particularly re : not speaking up . even with my bffs , i'll , fairly frequently , withhold my opinion on something i disagree vehemently with for fear of upsetting them , or even for ... aaahh that ol ' discrepancy between social media and actual life . no one has the perfect life that gets thrown up on facebook / twitter , which i think is something more people need to realize ? i ... oh man , as much as i'd love rdj to be an isfj , he comes off as such an entp to me . ( welcome to the forums , btw : happy :) chris evans , on the other hand , i see as an isfj . 76-100 % you are 86 % hsp pretty much agreeing with the others ; being a roommate has more to do with your manners rather than your personality type . i lived with about 8 other people when i went on a study abroad trip and we ... fair enough . :) i admit it wasn't as good as the first one , but i still loved it . imo , ritchie's moriarty was spectacular ; the right mix of subtle gentleman and terrifying psychopath . plus it ... haha , it actually kind of does . :P all of them . haha , but no , the granada series is my go-to adaptation because jeremy brett's holmes ~ sustains me ~ . ( followed shortly by russian ! holmes ) . by ... people are actually rather split over what type sherlock holmes is ( and even more believe his type is different depending on the adaptation ) , but yes , watson is without a doubt an isfj across the ... my avatar is john watson from bbc's sherlock . on perc i think i've always had a different version of watson as my avatar . i chose it because the sherlock holmes series has been my favourite since ... i definitely like routine ; it's comforting to know exactly what i have to do at what time . ( it's also why i'm told i'm awesome to travel with , because i overcompensate for the unpredictability of ... i don't really know how much help i can be ( and i agree with teddy that i'm not entirely sure type affects how / why someone lies ) , but i use to be a bit of a pathological liar when i was younger . ( key ... yes to these in particular . if i've said it once i'll say it a thousands times ; i will defend to the death my belief in watson , wilson , and rory as being isfjs . i agree with stephiphi . sometimes it's hard to feel great about yourself when there are so many threads floating around perc talking about how us sensors are doing it wrong . so many feelings of ... i definitely agree with you re : capsicle . if nothing else , he's certainly an xsfj . i think you might be misunderstanding the isfj trait that you disagree with . as an isfj , i've never seen myself as controlling or dominating . the last thing i want is to tell someone what to do . the ... i apologize for asking but your clarification didn't really help ... are you trying to say she had a boyfriend in the time period where you knew her but she no longer has one now ? or does she have a ... i don't know if it's typical , but i'm a type 2 and i do exactly the same as you . to be honest , eventually i get burned out , end up cutting off everyone in order to try and focus on myself , and then ... i'm a 2 , which apparently makes me an uber-isfj ? i don't bother much with the enneagram , simply because i don't understand a lot of it . as teddy says , there are far more enneagram types with ... i do get what you're saying ; if i'm around people too much , or i just generally don't feel up to it , the desire to start yelling and screaming tends to get a little too much . however , my need to be ... while i don't really have an opinion either way , i often see holmes typed as an intp or intj . on the other hand , watson is always an isfj , to me , anyway . i got the przewalskix 92s horse : your wild gentle spirit makes you very popular among the rest of the gang . you like to roam free and really enjoy the company of others . you certainly are not happy ... isfj - leo . ah , haha , it's more a case of what part of watson don't i identify with ? we're both rather tenacious people . i'm also very open and straightforward ; people can read me like an open book , which ... there's really only one character whom i've identified with since i was a little girl , and that's the fellow isfj , dr . john watson . ( in the original sherlock holmes series , as well as any of the ... see , i don't have to deal with that problem , because i rarely use my credit card ; i use my debit for virtually every purchase . even then , for some reason my brain has ... latched onto my credit card ... i agree with you regarding captain america ; i feel like he's an isfj . although , i'm not entirely sure why i think he's introverted , rather than extroverted . i have ... 10 cents in my wallet at the moment ; i don't tend to keep physical money with me because i like relying solely on my debit and credit cards . ( it's neater ; i don't have a bunch of random ... meat ! i do tend to like meat more than fruits or vegetables , but i could never give up chocolate . there is no problem that cannot be solved by chocolate . i turned 21 less than a month ago . i apologize , but nothing freaks me out / agitates me more than seeing someone driving behind me who's texting . keep your eyes on the road when you're operating a vehicle . : yeah , alberta's ... it is 70 km / h on the road . i am going 75 km / h because you're tailgating me ( and because i ... usually drive about 5 km over the speed limit because it's a gray area ); if i really wanted to , i could ... oh my god i adored jude law's watson . i had an absolutely geeky moment when i saw the movie on christmas ; when you see watson for the first time in the carriage with lestrade , loading his pistol ? he ... thank you ! ( and ah yes , twilight . i'm a bit of an anti-twilighter as well , but i've never actually gotten into an argument with a twihard . i'm mostly in it for the lulz ~ ) the thing is , i'm ... it's not so much feeling bad about standing up for myself , it's about feeling bad for ... actually no i think that's it . i'm hyper aware of myself and other people , and i try and go out of my way to ... '