' 1 . do you prefer active or more passive / relaxing holidays ? why ? i'd choose something in between - reasonably active , not frantic . crowds kill my energy , so it's nice to have a relaxing place to ... i've given it some thought , but no more so than i have hypothetical murders or any other darker thoughts in my head . i've been self-destructive , at times , but never suicidal in the sense that i ... i'm moderately fit , mostly because i have a farm . for strength , i have 50lb feed bags and 75lb hay bales to throw . for cardio , i have goats which no fence can contain . for flexibility , i have ... i'm not sure where i would align myself , but i think i am somewhere in the demisexual / asexual range . i have an elaborate imagination , including sexual fantasies ; however , it's rare that i actually ... it's like reading through every conversation i've ever had ... in addition to everything that's already been said , in one form or another , i'm often told i need therapy because no one else could ... i think it was the sudden awareness of what i was doing that startled me . and , i'm glad i'm not the only one , too . i was expecting someone to mention the manipulative potential - that's worth ... i'm not properly bilingual ( english us & english uk ) , but i've forgotten words like that too . i very much agree . maddening . so many choices ... i'll just give my top two . 1 . ) i let my top teeth drag on the top of my fork . it turns my sister absolutely murderous towards me :) 2 . ) i speak very , very softly , often with a ... does wii fit yoga count ? i do enjoy it , even though it's just a toy . it's the best i can manage in the rural farm-town where i live - no studios here . i find the prospect of hot yoga ... this is a bit embarrassing , so i'm hoping i'm not the only person this happens to - i was getting ready for my day as normal when i was struck by the intense , near paralyzing thought that i could ... i'm not sure if this is really what you're looking for , but i will lie wildly and elaborately for absolutely no reason . i've invented children , siblings , pets , childhood adventures , random trivia , ... in general , i feel like my interactions with other people are like theatre . i don't know what i'm doing , so i act . related to this , i've recently made the conscious realization that i will ... mine : intj 9 - quality time 7 - acts of service 6 - receiving gifts 4 - words of affirmation 4 - physical touch my husband : isfp 12 - physical touch 6 - quality time i married my isfp male . we started dating 10 years ago , and will celebrate our 5th wedding anniversary this summer . we were just discussing our relationship dynamics earlier today . conclusion : ... routinely . sometimes it's a single , sometimes an album or a short playlist . i have several creative hobbies ( my husband's degree is in art , so most any supplies are readily available in his studio ) . that being said , what i turn to most often is sims . i enjoy building ... i struggled with this , largely because it's been so long since i've seen or spoken to many of these people . i've specified the era of my life from which i named these people best friend , and how ... do you have ( or have you ever had ) a best friend ? are you ( of have you ever been ) someone's best friend ? for sake of argument , let's exclude spouses and romantic partners as they tend to earn the ... i clicked no in the poll , as i do not actively smoke nor have i ever considered myself a smoker . that being said , i have smoked a grand total of 3 cigarettes in my life , all when i was in high ... male : sherlock holmes female : elizabeth bennett i could list plenty of honorable mentions but i went with who came to mind first . i watch a lot of tv . a lot . i should probably be embarrassed . i'm not . sherlock doctor who supernatural elementary firefly stargate star trek to name a few , this gets me every time : as does this : 91613 and this : first example is on a dry erase board : 87040 second example is pen on paper : 87041 especially on paper , i have a tendency to let my words run together into one giant word , something i was ... i would switch to eating only veg-based proteins ; however , they're far too expensive for me to afford on a regular basis . as it stands , i will eat chicken , turkey , and some fish . when our income ... i'm going to give you someone else's view , not mine , because i think it's very well said . thoughts on growing up usually i am quite content with my aloneness ; however , there are occasions when i have very intense feelings of loneliness , and i find myself savoring the pain of missing my friends . because i had ... i learned a handy response from my college roommate : well , that's an idea . feel free to say it with some fake enthusiasm because you never said it was a good idea . there are exceptions , but in general i am more emotionally invested in fictional characters than i am people in real life . my guilty pleasures on television are gossip girl , the bachelor ( ette ) , ... i interviewed with a couple ivy schools but chose to go to a small , rural , private school instead . it was partially a matter of personal preference toward smaller campuses , and partially a financial ... ( i'm the intj in the relationship . ) i categorically did not date anyone who i didn't think had the potential to be marriage material . my now-husband asked me out in a february , i agreed in the ... we're barely making it , but we're working to clear our debts and stop relying on credit cards . once i finish my degree , then i'll be able to increase my income drastically ( from part-time retail ... in response to the first question , * you're . to answer , yes . and , to answer the second question , yes . they are , in all likelihood , highly specific to a given set of circumstances , but they ... a damn good nap . being moved by a book / movie / song . fine chocolates and imported beer . the smell of used book stores and saddle shops . the first hint of sunlight after an all-night binge-writing ... deliberate cruelty toward me - one warning , then they are cut out of my life like they were never there , not worth my time . once is a mistake . twice is a choice . forgiveness can be achieved , but not ... - correcting professors is a waste of breath , especially in the middle of their lecture - correcting professors is also a waste of breath after class , during office hours , or in exam essays - it ... i never talk when i can text . i'm also a firm believer that my cell phone exists for my personal convenience , not for that of others . i regularly ignore it , and everyone with my number knows that ... van gogh . always van gogh . it would be impossible for me to choose one above the others . from the doctor who episode vincent and the doctor - he transformed the pain of his tormented life ... official learning bs psychology , minor sociology ma social science , double major psychology / sociology phd general psychology ( in progress ) research area geek culture all degrees have been ... i considered everyone's input , carefully broached the subject , and we got it sorted . not an easy conversation to be sure , but sorted none the less . things have been much better . i took the ... first , thank you ! i've been looking for a free mmpi . second , my results : scale - - - t score hypochondriasis - - - 54 ( average ) depression - - - 72 ( very high ) hysteria ... if it is insecurity , shouldn't that have faded over time ? especially since we've never had relationship issues ( ie . no cheating ) . or could it be symptomatic of some kind of deeper issue ? if so , i ... i am an intj female married to an isfp male . we have been together , dating or married , for nine years . one of the few difficulties i have with our relationship is that he says i love you a ... 1 . ) eye contact is a major issue for me . avoid at all costs . 2 . ) yes , but it's not my resting expression . it's a weapon . 3 . ) no idea . death glare excluded , i just find eye contact in general to be ... i'm thinking about sherlock holmes . 35 - i'd say that's reasonable . i , too , was on the drumline in high school . center snare . loved the power i held then . i don't recall any rumors as amazing as yours though ... there was a bit of talk of my being from another ... i like these kinds of heroes :  and these kinds of villains : when i was 12-14 , a 30 - something woman told my mom that she was too intimidated to talk with me . that was the only time it was explicitly stated , though i am aware of when i am intimidating others ... nothing significant for me . though i did have enough caffeine one night to hallucinate ( visual , auditory ) for quite some time . other than that , alcohol ( only buzzed , never drunk ) and a couple of ... i think there's going to be a lot of overlap between this thread and the things commonly said to intjs thread . '