' did you know that the japanese once traded top secret information about aegis destroyers for a file of porn ? true story . pirate captain . smuggler . if obama is an entp , i'm turning in my entp card right now . there is absolutely no way he's an entp . i truly don't know what type he'd best fit in , but he is absolutely nothing like me , or any of the ... i've often thought of relationships as a 50/50 thing , and there needs to be accommodation for that to occur . i believe that even now . however , that's not what she's asking for . she's not asking for ... son of a ... are we that predictable ? lol i've had the luxury of playing against some very talented poker players , and i find them tough to beat , mainly because of the dependency on odds and quick calculations ... i'm not that terrific at the ... lol niiiceee ... this . this . a thousand times , this . i don't give two twisted craps about your apologies . tell me you won't let it happen again , tell me why you won't , and then ... here's the kicker ... don't let it ... that's one thing entps and intps have in common . if you know what the general idea behind the type is , we're pretty hard to miss . i had an ex once write a note on her way out to work ( i was still asleep ) thanking me for the great night , telling me she took my dog out , and inviting me to dinner at her place that evening . there ... to bring this back around to the topic's question ... i think if you get into an argument / debate with an entp , you will very quickly realize the most striking thing about being an entp . i'm going to have to side with my entp brethren here and say estp as well . yeah , he has a few things in common with us , but as i read your description , i couldn't reconcile the idea of him being an ... ouuu . never really thought of adam savage as an entp . but it fits ... explains why i like him , too . would be a helluva good time , though . ok , i've done quite a bit of research into body language and microexpressions , so i can speak somewhat intelligently about this topic . a large portion of our language is structured around body ... a lot of things would get broken , that's certain . i agree . that might possibly be the funniest thing i've seen in a month . if there were such a handbook , one of us would've long destroyed it by now . watching us on this forum is likely as close as you're ever gonna get , i'm afraid . best of luck with that , though . i love intps . my brother is one . you're thinkers , like us , and you value truth , like us . we both love exploring and analyzing , and each and every fascinating thing we come across is immediately ... “ do not worry if you have built your castles in the sky . they are where they should be . now put the foundations under them . ” ~ henry david thoreau hmm . ok . if the op is still around , i'll throw my two cents at ya . i think of myself as somewhere in between and ... i do believe better to have loved and lost and all that ... holy lord . a month , and we'll talk about where the relationship is gonna go ? and you're gonna not communicate that up front ? yeah , i'd be a snowflake in a campfire at that point . i'm gonna refrain ... my cousin was one of the most brilliant minds i'd ever had the luxury of running into ... when he was 8 , i noticed him looking rather sad one day , which was very atypical . i sat down and started ... hziegel ... i just had to say ... if someone said , to my face , that 42 was the meaning of life , i'd very nearly slap them . anyone with any knowledge of douglas adams knows , very clearly , that 42 is ... ouu . in truth , there is so much more to learn about us than any answers on one single thread will address . my suggestion ? go to the you know you're an entp when thread . if you see your sis in ... hmm . ok , i feel i have enough expertise in this area to comment . i'm big into online dating . i've had tons of dates from them . people , for some strange reason , have this weird hang up about it , and i ... no man is an island , entire of itself ; every man is a piece of the continent , a part of the main ; if a clod be washed away by the sea , europe is the less , as well as if a promontory were , as ... ok , i'm not an enfp , but i'll take a stab here . i'm pretty confident in saying you're an extrovert . you seem recharged when you're around people , and love having friends around , so that's that . you ... lol first , i have to say , these are hilarious . and i think the only one i have in common with you is one i heard recently about myself : them : do you even know what your point is ? me : of course ... so . i've been chatting with this enfp female . she seems really sweet and is really cute ( as i've found most of your type to be ) ... but i'm curious . it seems like there could be a bit of trouble ... intp ? seriously ? aw hell no . my brother is an intp . nu-uh . that wouldn't do at all . i've found that the term there ya go can be applied to virtually any situation in which an acknowledgement is required from you . i use it liberally . house . house is an entp . and cpt . mal reynolds , of firefly / serenity . the list , of course , goes on . aaahahahahahaha ... i was going to sit here and think of an appropriately condemning response to the troll , but you , good sir , have saved me the time and trouble . bravo , well done . hmm . i really didn't think of this as a perceiving quality , but that makes sense . i , of course , am the same . when i lived at home , i was aware that since i wasn't paying the rent and had free room ... if i'm the recipient of some wrong doing , then i tend to try to respond in kind . it's very rare i'll escalate the situation . i will give back to you exactly as much as you gave to me , simply to show ... yes , we make very poor horror movie victims . in virtually every horror movie i've ever seen , by the time the bad guy shows up , i've already identified 5 different ways to either easily escape ... i was personally pretty amazed by this : it's a device that takes your 3d designs and creates them . yes , it's just plastic , but still . you can ... david thorne and all of is a bloody riot . lol funny stuff . at any rate , i concur with some of what was said above ... an apology to me is going to be absolutely useless if i'm at all thinking that it can and will happen again . you have to ... i can handle math . i even like math , as long as it has a point that serves my ends . other than that , i avoid it like the plague . no . there has to be some reciprocity there . now if we're talking someone i view to be an enemy ( and yes , they'd have to be unrelated to me ) , then yeah , i'll destroy them and sleep like a baby that ... my dog is jossie , after an imaginary friend my brother and i had when i was a kid . hmm ... i think our type might be inclined to selfish streaks , but not like that . that's just a sociopathic princess , in my opinion . i think there are probably subjects we all excel in more than others ( at least , it's true for me ) ... however , i've really yet to find something i couldn't at least do pretty well should i choose to ... oh . ok . call me newb or whatever , but i swear i haven't visited either of those sites . damn you people . damn you both to hell . you've just cost me ... sooo much time ... damn you all . haha ... interesting answers , all ... it's not so much that i have a problem being intellectual , or even being seen that way . and when i'm around the mindless idiots that swarm too many of us these ... 21443 hehehe ... loved this one . i still have no idea if this is an entp trait or not , but it is one i'm certainly in possession of . there have been many , many nights where i literally want to yell at my brain to knock it off ... '