' you should do whatever it is you want . if you are a private person , maybe you're not meant to have a facebook , i'm learning that the hard way to . sometimes for not being really active on facebook , or ... retirement homes , teaching ( depends on the school / class sometimes ) , non-profit organizations , office work for a company whose mission is helping others in some major way , working with children or ... it might be awkward at first but there is a good chance she will be flattered and appreciate that you took the time to reach out to her . something related actually happened to me , maybe if i share , ... i think that is my main issue ! that i feel obligated to meet people in really social environments . i know people who go to big social gatherings meet a lot of people at once . i think i feel like ... thanks for the advice . i think i've been out of it for so long and because i missed so many experiences , it's like i forgot how to put myself out there properly and it feels more daunting because i ... so this year i really want to try to put myself out there more , meet people and make new friends . right now , i don't have any except one i barely see . i've been stuck in pretty bad isolation for 2 ... anxious and sad . frustrated with all that is happening to the world . i don't know if it will ever get better . everything seems to be going downhill . i wish i could get myself up and find something , ... go with your gut and think long term and if it's really worth it . seems like he is a bit immature or goes into playing games mode . there must be a lot of qualities you like about him too ... action is better than inaction will be my motto for 2017 this may be super corny and pointless but i'd like to make new goals for the new year . i'm having trouble deciding which goals to work and focus on . i have all these ideas in my head as usual but i ...  i feel so incredibly lost in a big world . why does everyone tell you , you have to be positive . what if i want to stay in , because i'm frustrated with the world and my life , want take long naps all ... just wanted to add , it's not your fault . i used to think it was my fault but realized it wasn't the right time or i was dealing with other things to make those friendships last and it's okay because ... oh gosh , i can totally relate to your post . i think it can be an infp thing in the sense that infps can be more careful about who they become friends with or try to cut through the bs of having ... i'm going through the same thing with someone . i know as infps , we have a lot of heart and want to help those who are suffering and who happen to be dear to us , and that probably won't ever change ... i'm going through something similar . i think you have to find that one thing that really motivates you when you're feeling like this . sometimes when life happens , things go wrong , and people ... i'm going through the same thing with people . one person is responsive when i reach out to them and says things that would imply that they like me , they even mention meeting , but never make solid ... i'm considering going to therapy as well . i did see a therapist before , but only for a few sessions . i'm not sure if i didn't click with the guy , or if i felt too uncomfortable opening up . things ... i do the same . you would think after a few positive experiences , you would stop feeling rejected and scared to get close to people , but i keep running into the same problems . maybe some scars never ... i think you should go for it . sometimes people feel more at home in certain areas and you just have to go with it . and there are probably logical reasons for wanting to move that have to do with what ... lately , i've been wanting to erase everything i know and start over from scratch . i want to detach myself from everything i feel connected to and pick a new path no matter how i felt about it ... i see your point . i just feel wary about asking him to hang out , getting his info , and being the first one to contact him . i don't want it to feel forced . that's why i figured if i give him my ... i'm sure if you stay cautious and aware of your surroundings , it would be fine . just watch out for your drink , like others have mentioned . if he seems busy , could i just be like since ive known you for a while , if you want to hang out , hit me up , here's my number , or something along those lines . that way , he can think about it and i ... true . i never thought if it like that . maybe i should just straight out ask . i will try again . i haven't done it yet . it's been hard . every time i want to ask , he seems busy , and the first thing you say to someone can't be , hey , wanna hang out sometime ? . i'd have to make small talk , which he ... i can relate . it's one obstacle after another . one minute things were going so well , made good friends , worked two jobs , was saving a lot , discovered new interests . then all of the sudden , one by ... do you ever go out for lunch ? most lunch places have sandwiches . glyphs , i'm thinking they are those independently or family owned places that sell subs and sandwiches , not subway . there's one in my area , it's a deli that has hot and cold sandwiches . don't istps ... that's the perfect idea . there's actually a sandwich shop around here that i want to try out . can't believe i didn't think of it before . i'll ask him if he wants to go in a few days . hopefully , i can ... update : i still haven't asked him to hang out yet . i'm going to try in a week or so . i'm thinking of directly asking him if he wants to meet up instead of asking him to do a specific thing . i'm ... so i live with my parents right now but want to move to the city . i'd really like to be on my own and focus on my writing and painting there . but i only work a part-time job , about 25 hours a week . i ... , that's true . it doesn't hurt to have specific goals in mind that may lead me to move out and be content with my situation . my main goal is to find a full-time job . maybe i can find one ... that really made me think and might be part of the reason why i'm having such a hard time moving on . i do want to help my parents and am worried about leaving them , but i'm also scared to be on my ... has anyone been in a similar situation ? i think they would be really sad if i left and a bit discouraging . but they wouldn't forbid it . i might be able to afford it if i get a roommate but i've been wanting to live alone for the longest ... i'm in my early 20 ' s and i want to move out of my parents house , but i feel guilty doing so because they don't make a lot of money , and i want to help them out , but i would struggle with paying 2 ... , that's a very good point . i was also thinking of doing something simple and low key like dessert since we don't know each other too well yet , and i don't want to make it a big deal . ... that's a good suggestion . i don't really bowling though . will do ! thanks for the encouragment , cursive ! dessert sounds like a good idea . maybe i'll ask him to grab ice cream . maybe i could ask him to lunch or dinner ? i'm kind of nervous about asking him though because maybe if he was interested , he would have asked me to do something . then again , i did overhear him ... i'm wondering what's the best way to ask out an istp acquaintance . do i ask him to hang out or ask him to do something more specific ? do i need to explain why i'm asking ? i've casually known him for ... maybe he is showing signs , but it is hard to recognize them because he is being subtle since he does not know how you feel . don't worry about bothering him . if you want to get to know him better , the ... ritual , i think i could contact him , but not sure how to go about it . we were just acquaintances and i haven't seen him in a while . under these circumstances , would an istp feel comfortable going out ... i had something going on with an istp who i worked with . i really liked and admired him , and he seemed interested too , but things started to kind of fizzle out around the time he mentioned his ... i'm not sure if it was a mistake or not because things moved really fast last time . but i'm different now , and maybe he is too , so possibly , it could work out , but i'm worried that it will end the ... i'm in the same situation . i broke it off with a guy too because i wasn't in the right place and wasn't sure about him , but now i'm wondering if i made the wrong decision . i still don't know what i'm ... it seems like there isn't a lot of hope for me since i am not getting my masters . nothing interests me enough to spend two more years in school . i majored in psychology ( ba ) and am working a part-time , low-paying $ 10.00 / hour job that will not lead to a higher position . i don't know where else i could find work that pays at least $ 30,000 or if ... '