after viewing my profile , you're convinced it is a statement ? what exactly is it on my profile that leads you to assume so ? i could expand on the recent past and the lead up to me posting that i ... i'm horny . end . the one by nicki minaj where she repeats ' you a stupid hoe ' ... i really don't want to youtube the video , so there you go ...   one particular night with dmt . i heard an incredible rumble , like a giant wave ; the mother of the earth . it was then and there that i was able to understand her strength . i'll never forget it . i have ' tried ' to refrain from posting here , reading up on enfp / infj interactions , etc .. but now i have cracked , so here is my story : i previously worked with an enfp for 7 months . i was new to ... 53693 new hair : happy :  ok , well i decided to bite the bullet and send him an sms expressing how i felt . now the dreaded wait . mind you , i have never taken initiative when i have felt something for someone . good luck to ... i feel that i have reciprocated . when we first started speaking he was abit confused and asked me out of the blue ' why are you calling me ? ' and me being the non sleezy + try-not-to-come-on-too-strong ... i honestly get the impression he's not interested in me romantically . blegh . i feel as if sometimes there is some interest , but then he retreats back into his shell . 52630 talk talk - laughing stock was in a relationship with a guy for 4 weeks , he lived in another state , i went over to see him , i flew back knowing i would break up with him as light as possible because it didn't feel right . i ... you can't find them ! they are hiding in bookstore / library corners ! i've recently hung out with an infp ( even though we worked together for 9 months ) and i've been speaking to this infp on the phone and unlike other infp's i have met , he's more reserved than the ... i adore them also ! i'm trying to find a basket big enough to put my dog in . it would make my heart happy , seeing him content with his nose up in the air . 50683 oh my , this thread is me ! i am quite a loner and i've always felt more comfortable around males so over the last few years , my closest companions have been males and all of them have developed ... only two from western australia , one being myself ? :( <--- many sad faces . not entirely sure where to post this , but someone on meetup.com ( apparently a member on these forums also ) has created a group for those residing in perth who are interested in mbti . i think this ... slightly uncomfortable , surrounded by drunk men / sausage-fest , being the only female + sober one there . inside ( 2007 ) i guess everyone grows / learns at their own pace and from experience , no matter how many times i ran to friends , yahoo answers or personalitycafe to seek advice / opinion , it never really set in my ...  can not resize pic - ___ - oh well . my face . dear infj's , after 2 1/2 years on and off with an ex , i finally had the strength to leave for good . i want to share this with you as it is the end of a chapter and the start of something new . it ... thank you for your responses once again . it has been a while since this post was written so i've had quite abit of time to sit back and observe myself . i still recognize where these feelings stemmed ... 1 breaking bad 2 the inbetweeners 3 big bang theory 4 family guy 5 grand designs ( does that count ? ) to elaborate : i personally find it difficult to actually get into relationships itself . many guys have liked me , whom i have liked also , but when the possibility of them asking me out / going out ...  new hair :) this post was originally a picture , now just pointless jumble ... mind my introversion / crappy mood . thanks , my chest is burning in anger right now , i'll use your advice right now since i have time alone tonight . this happens to me sometimes and it is not a pleasant state to be in . currently in one of those states and would like advice on how i can deal with this now , and also in the future . what set it ... so irritated that it makes me irritated that i'm wasting my energy being irritated on something / someone / people that isn't / aern't worth it . i haven't laughed this much at a youtube video .. ... well , it's not really venting but this is for the three infp's i know / speak to : oh , the irony . why the cocky attitude ? just because someone likes you , don't let that get to your head . get off ... hahaha , that is too true ! he usually has the same facial expression with slight changes , but never a teethy smile . i'm feeling quite open to sharing today . with the approval to post a picture from the istp bf , here is a pic taken last week . can you tell he's an istp ? i may end up removing this , but here it ... um yeah , reading through this thread reminds me of my bf / ex bf / whatever the hell we are now ... well , so far in my 22 years i have not warmed up to the idea of children , but who knows , perhaps when i'm ' mature ' and at a different stage of my life , then maybe i might want a child in my life . ...  i am feeling on top of the world . sometimes i think to myself ' wow , it's so awesome being me ' , really . the amount of time i spend dwelling in pain , contemplating , deciphering ... all ends up ...