i've been to canada a number of times as well as england . those weren't bad experiences whatsoever and i'm all for it but at the same time they also weren't anything overly interesting , either . ... heard that more than once in my lifetime but that is okay , everyone is entitled to their own impression of me . that said , just pay attention to your tact . cutting straight to point is unrelated to ... frequently , though they've little insight in my private life . it's all about appearance , after all : tongue : i know how bad i am . i know how much better i yet am than compared to things going on in my and / or other companies . i know it's likely the same for virtually any job . i stopped trusting ... my ' recently played ' is a bit spartanic admittedly - especially when put in contrast to the size of my library which is far too large even for my own liking . steam community :: erbse doto all ... well , i never felt the urge to retract anything posted in infracted posts . everyone lived - and probably does to this day . far too sappy and theatrical / dramatic ( and comical if it was to be a representation of a real intp ) though , if it serves the story just do whatever and work with the common archetypes . inauthenticy can be found anywhere and is not limited ( let alone linked ) to ' conformity ' whatsoever . of course repressing oneself for the sake of a collective notion typically creates inauthenticity ... category : wtf years - istp wiki - wikia however , i've long come to the conclusion that there is no such as function loops in reality . it's a model to describe a certain behavioral pattern but has ... you'll outgrow all of them eventually . just always remind yourselves in the back of your head that the person in front of you may misunderstands you . if you get the cues ( ranging from subtle to ... while true , this puts you in the very same boat . so providing an anti-thesis to any one thesis falls exactly into the same lot : mellow : that said , math is an abstract . abstracts will never ... well , it was half a joke anyway , as the op didn't struck me as particularly serious either but it's also not so far from the truth , as my experience isn't a lot unlike yours . that said , i doubt that ... well , in my company it's done for good reasons , although not quite beneficial for the end products . we developers have literally zero interaction with customers but only through 4-5 layers of ... the question about ' my deal ' is one you should ask yourself . obviously you haven't attacked me . neither have i attacked you however , so what exactly ' is my ( fucking ) deal ' ? or rather , what's ... well , fortunately enough i'm in europe where there's only 40 hours a week and i typically leave my work space the instant the click says 8 hours . that said , 8 hours is about the maximum i'd ... well , the broken down version of it simply sound like wrongly placed priorities . work in and of itself does not necessarily deprive you of any of the things you seem to currently be missing ... flip the question around : what's the problem with not connecting to others and , if it's an issue , what can you do to remedy the situation ? first and foremost , it's perfectly okay not to connect ... doto , always more volvo doto :( jumped into type - 0 hd and while it's not bad it's not enticing as ff games used to be for me ( pre ff13 anyway ) . maybe due to the fact it originated on a hand held ... trend forums . the dubstep one is a sticky , the dnb one you'll have to look around for . something along the lines of ' drum and bass is not dead ' i think . old fashioned sounds very similar to vexare's old gritty style . think we got some dedicated dnb / dubstep threads floating somewhere around these forums , though . i tend to act completely outside of the dominant / submissive notion . i do as a please and may do as asked if i deem it alright and not too much of a bother . i've been on submissive end of the ... don't eat for a few days : mellow : if you are pc gaming then a wii u is the best addition to your gaming portfolio when it comes to consoles . however , aside from niche titles and mk 8 it's very platformer heavy . that said , none of ... ' why ? ' is a stupid question to ask , since at the end of day everything simply is - regardless of any answer given to that question . rather than permanently yearn for something learn to plainly ... as a person , incredibly so . as for materialism , likely not so much . : mellow : save from the nsa ! = free of surveillance . you'd be a nutcase to think that using russian services , at least legal ones , will not be gathered by russian surveillance systems . alas that'd certainly ... there is none , at least not if you'd like to stay online and / or connected . as for isps - isps themselves have very little interest in what you're doing . it's generally governments or other ... sjrpg's are unfortunately a dying breed and mostly limited to handhelds on top of it . most games i find to be lacking save for the ridiculousness of the disgaea series and final fantasy tactics as ... i generally tell people do to something about if it actually bothers them . if they don't / won't then it cannot be too much of an issue to them ; or at the very least not important enough to spend my ... congratulations . it's good you learn this while you're still in college , rather than at work . academics ! = real world and no matter how good or bad you are will not make you any better or worse ... i watch neither shows nor movies - both tend to be incredibly boring or become so , eventually . : mellow : though , i did enjoy house , the office and tbbt - haven't picked up anything else ever since , ... yes and no . first and foremost you seem to have a bad idea of what programming in and of itself is and means if being practiced as a job . assuming you've got no freedom as to how to implement ... well , unless you're a gambler it's fairly straight forward as a long term investor . if you're a gambler you'll soon realize that the stock market and reality have not a whole lot in common ... politics and religion give away a lot about a person ( their understand , world view or most often the lack thereof ) , though . it'd be fallacious not to bring up : mellow : most typically however it ... there's nothing heroic or good in murder . not when practiced in self defense and even less so if done for any other reason . well , back to cod i go : mellow : drop your contempt . the issue won't go away but these also aren't issues you'll resolve - most certainly not by being a smart ass , anyway . even if you cannot or don't want to drop the contempt , at ... i'd rather make money by selling my organs and limbs than putting up with accounting . not only is the pay better but the fun factor is infinitely higher as well : mellow : tests are useless . that said , they're still what the educational system will evaluate you on . thus , passing should be your bare minimum and excelling only if it's actual fun . most definitely off the charts . whether it's for better or worse is to be decided by everyone individually : mellow : although i make my money writing code ( java / c # + respective web technologies ) i keep limited to where it's needed : work . sometimes it fun , but overall a chore . but hey , someone's throwing ... absolutely . fortunately we're capable of learning and improving . that , as well , applies to socializing as well . i wonder how finance wouldn't run into the whole socializing drains me part again : mellow : ... learn to love , forgive and accept . infinitely at that . good luck : mellow : not at all . anymore . : mellow : if you can't handle your enthusiasm : 1 if you can : ~ 3 generally people fall within the former category . 4chan serves a purpose and got its space . if it's not , or no longer for you it's best to leave behind . understanding only comes once you've left , though . the issue becomes a non factor the instance you accept that we not truly know anything with absolute certainty : tongue : silly you , of course they will . what alternative is there even ? : mellow : that's the spirit . still , doesn't sound like it'd be worth the / any effort either way . sounds like it'd be wiser to spend it elsewhere on fresh untainted soil that ideally offers more core ...