' we should change eyes to facial expressions . because eyes look the same in any human . : wink : did any of you ever somehow believe that your inner attitude has nothing to do with what other people see in you or what you actually do / appear like ? one example : i had my weekly feelings of hate , ... i have crazy reflex skills , attested by other people . generally a good driver , not too careful , not too fast . also attested by other people . i have taken much longer than other males to get my ... all functions are working all the time , i don't know what this thread is about . do you have this weird antagonistic approach to life ? it often occured to me , that what i think about society or sociality in reality is the polar opposite . at times i even think : i'm going to ... if people give you a quiz and hints , you use the hints in a way most suitable . everyone knows it could be anyone who could have the fish or nobody or his mother , but that's not the point if there ... irrational rage happens often at night , when i think before i sleep . i hit my pillow and say fuck ! all the time . then i'm calming down , 5 seconds later fuck ! and i punch that goddamn pillow for ... always picked fights in elementary school . after that i never really was in one , i'm 23 now . i wonder why . i always want somebody to come at me , but nobody does . i'm not even 270lbs or a giant . 5 ' 9 ... ahh , now it makes sense , i agree . here is one example of how j and p are described : my mbti personality type - mbti basics - judging or perceiving you probably did , because j or p describe how you deal with your environment , not how you make decisions or come to conclusions . myers briggs typology is pretty easy to misunderstand , i know it ... that's how i lived the last 6 years . it's hard and a relief at the same time . it's a catalyst . and this is also where social anxiety may in fact come from . you're not in touch with others ... no offense , but why do people always assume j-types don't think about other actions ? it's like saying p-types are never determined ( which is wrong , i can tell you that ) . persistent open-minded vigorous lenient accepting entp type 8w9 there are objective criteria for beauty . ugly people just need to draw more attention by showing off their intelligence . that's why ugly people are often perceived as more intelligent . good looking people who are also intelligent don't need ... solution to being forever alone ? accepting that fact . what comes , comes . entps were the ones who stabbed you with a blunt rock . they could do it . i feel most comfortable with the fe-entp . the ne-entp i hate most . ti-entp is ok from time to time but will give you no friends or good positions with others , except when you have to go to war ... if i smile at you without reason , it's over . some people are naturally friendly and smile at people without reason . if i do it , then i will systematically destroy that person , though with subtlety . ... that's when i really get going . that's what i experienced too . now i'm consciously speaking with a lowered voice and an easy stance . sometimes lower your head a bit , appear unassuming . then those mofos stop hitting on you all ... with me it's the other way around . i can't say anything even if that demon in my head screams at me : say something or you will die or end up on the street naked and homeless . then i get pissed and ... if sfp-types annoy you , wait till you meet an estj , who is your boss . i would kill that guy verbally , if he weren't my boss . you're doing it my way , anything else is wrong , now shut up or i'll ... it's all so complex . i still don't think it has to do with personality type . genetics ? genetics = personality type ? so everyone with the same personality type has the same set of genetics ? i ... you can train anyone to become a killer . it has absolute zero to do with personality type . what difference does it make if the killer feels or if he thinks it is right to kill ? it sounds ... i love it when people around me have quarrels . it's a big pleasure to watch . at the same time i need to be careful not to get sucked into it . to see people act when they are under stress is a ... my best friend is intj . what i admire is his consistency and precision . but he often does not see the point of a situation . interesting phenomenon : even if nobody said anything funny , we both ... you can't see through an entps deception , because only he knows how he does it . even if you think you do , you will attack him personally without any visible reason to others . people think all the ... hey , are you me ? that's what i'm doing all the time . works perfectly fine , but sometimes i feel bad for acting submissive . an entp does not need a guideline for manipulation , he is manipulation itself . :D this place looks like a mess , i can't find anything . why do you do this to me , i have loved you , you're a monster , i don't ever wanna talk to you you can't do that . that was unnecessary . this only helps if the entp is not stressed out . when i'm stressed out , i get argumentative , just like the entj-guy ( :D ) said the entp is . i would start figuring out why he is like that . my ... esfp / esfj graaahhhrrrghhh that says it all . it's hard to generalize what helps an entp . it's always something else . when i specifically asked for help i never got an answer that really helped me or relieved emotional pressure . it just made ... the problem is not ne , it's ti . ti can't process ne's input , it never can . i just dont give a crap . i really dont . all you have to do is to fake openness . then you can do whatever the hell you want . why dont you talk to me / us / him / her ? i don't know . done . i need ... do you want to be my girlfriend ? i hate phones , i hate them . hate . don't love them . if my phone rings , i get madly pissed . that's who's on the other line : yo my name is herpy mcderp , bank of america , i want to know whether - ... i told you it was gonna be that way . i can relate . mostly i dont say much , i keep all my knowledge to myself . it's better for me and the others . nobody is hating on me , everybody is happy . if ... in preschool i always went into fights , even though i had glasses the size of a cup . it must have been a funny image , picturing a small kid with huge glasses being a bully . it's impossible to piss me off , if i dont want to get pissed off . it's impossible . i can take the hardest punch you have and stay unfazed . what you dont see is my revenge , which is slowly but ... my testosterone level is excellent . i'm 23 , still i rarely have sex . i compensate for it in the gym . me and women just dont go together . thinking about your charm makes it nonexistent . good point . :D i'm careful with that in the beginning though . some may take it the wrong way . if people know you a bit , it's ok to do so , but not with new acquaintances . my mother is an isfj and annoys the crap out of me most of the time . if you dont know how to cope , do what you think is best . sounds easy and it is . you cant give a guideline on how to cope with sjs . an entp loves you , when he criticises your hairstyle . it is true . i rarely cry , but when , it's just a tear . mostly of how stupid i think i behave . which i rarely do consciously . my thinking always gets me . i always try to not get angry and give people no reason to make me angry , because then it surely is armageddon and that would probably permanently damage my social life . i had friends in high school , ... '