' no . other than basic accounting and some arithmetic / alebra i won't need any other math . people can function without advanced math . you sound super elitest by the way . don ; t have an example , don't care enough to spell it out . it's my opinion . it useless because most of us won't be going into the field of math . ill be working on computer systems , not programming , for the rest of my life . i won't need trig , calc , or any of that shit . so yes ... if you're really gone to black and white like that fine your right but personality is about environment too . cognitive functions may be solely in the brain but that is a generalization that misses a ... i've had a lot of favorite teachers . i'll stick to recent ones and say my philosophy of religion teacher . to be honest i don't know why he taught a class on religion cus it was apparent from day one ... which definition of subjective ? in my opinion , i say opinion because i have no facts on that matter , they have no correlation . i'm sure smarter people than you have tried to make this connection and no one's done it yet . doesn't ... point being ? people can think what they want . i usually don't try to fight it . just say ok or nevermind to that type of stuff . it means they like you , whether as a friend or more , take it as a compliment . apollo said it perfect . mbti doesn't say everyone of this type is the same . it is just certain people's preferences , tendencies , and thought processes . it's a rough generalization of similarities ... the only way i can describe my driving is with a purpose . live in chicago suburbs and drive downtown a lot . everyone is aggressive and there really isn't any formal traffic law unless you are driving ... depends n how big the crush is . seem times it's just a hey she's interesting and decent looking lets see where it goes and other times it's a she's mine mentality where i go all in . for the record ... you let him fall to the dark side . goood , goood ... 1 . yes . 2 . yes . 3 . both people have to work at it . it's not even just nf's . sf's do the same thing . i just stopped dating an isfj and this is exactly how it played out . i got comfortable and ... give in to the hate and join the intj's . we can promise you a seat in the new world order . depends on the person i guess . not everything is specific to type . e's tend to not rehearse what they say and just blab it out . i's try to think about it a bit . that's just in general , every ... the mayan calender didn't have leap years and our calender does . the 2012 doomsday should have happened hundreds of years ago according to the mayans . short answer to op , we are so small and ... a majority of my high school is either engaged , pregnant , has had kids , or is married and i'm 21 . i wonder how many of those relationships will fail ... either way it sounds like her mind is made ... i'm assuming these are college kids . i'm 21 and in school and it's no different buy me . the people some of my friends hangout with blow all their money on weed , alcohol , cigarettes , phones , tv's , ... istj parent : what is that ? me : a 6 - pack . istj : you thought it was ok to bring a 6 - pack home ? me : yes . istj : you didn't think to ask me . me : at the time no . istj : that's pretty childish and ... our thought process is more intuitive based . answers just pop up . someone earlier in the thread said it great . basically we find the answer first and figure out why that's the answer after . context , context , context ... i really don't see that big of a difference between them . i can appreciate talking to any nt regardless . any type or person can be lazy , i'm pretty lazy . if we know what your talking about and your ... isfj : you don't think it's a problem that someone drinks every day ? me : no isfj : even though they're an alcoholic ? me : that's not what an alcoholic is . isfj : drinking every day means they're an ... meh meh meh dubstep . most people don't get the appeal . i don't get the appeal of country so to each his own i guess . classical music is still and always will be the shit though . edit : o and peace orchestra . honking the horn is still rude ... i save it for when dumb drivers almost hit me or are too busy on their ... wait for it ... cell phone . my girlfriend always complained i never talked to her while im out . my response , it pisses me off when i'm with people and they're constantly on their phones . so i don't do that because i think it's ... thanks teddy . that seems to hit the nail on the head . i guess we're too different and want different things . i'm her first serious relationship so i think she might not have the things sorted out that ... context ... context ... context ... what instance are we referring to here ? i program and details are super important and so i care about them . on the other hand when i make plans to go out and we ... that's all fine and dandy in a friendship with no pressure and i feel she is that way with everyone else even my friends but with me it's like im held to a different standard . she'll hangout with ... yea i get the same thing . was mostly interested in just general experience . when we first started dating everything was fine and then i guess i got comfortable and started doing my own thing again a ... philosophy , psychology , electronics of any kind , flaws with certain systems . hell ill even talk about politics even though there's not really anything significant any of us can do about it . it's ... 19,300 like the guy above me said i don't read much fiction . i've never seen most of those words and i don't really see the point in them either . whatever though , there's a lot of ridiculous words ... i guess it's a fine line to cross . morality is defined by the person but as a child we really don't have a sense of why something isn't ok . we might subconsciously but we definitely aren't aware of ... and what happens when the consensus reads 50-50 ? that really doesn't sound like an intj to be honest . i think a lot of that is just her as an individual though . i don't do most of those things . i was more specifically talking about my morals . in my case , my golden rule still holds true . who decides what is right or wrong ? everyone will have different opinions on this and anything can be ... what specifically about him drove you nuts ? like the things he did or said . quick rule , after you graduate high school and go out in the real world you might retain 5 % of your friends from high school . the whole treat others the way you want to be treated quote comes into play for me . my parents always told me that and i took it to heart . i wouldn't do anything to someone else if i don't want it ... i think it's more specific to each individual and not really relevant with types . there's those types of people in every type . maybe more so than others but no i don't feel that way . i do however ... in a complicated relationship with an isfj . was wondering what experiences you guys have with intj's and what you generally think about them . i'm wondering if it's something specific with her and ... from my isfj girlfriend . 1 . romance , drama , basically anything that invokes a lot of emotions . ( she tends to hate the movies i like . she hated the departed , the usual suspects , pulp fiction , ... that's a smart possum if he can break in . cus it's a scary scare tactic . who wants soemthing shoved up there ? they can travel across space but they can't find a better way of examining a body . somethings wrong here ... depends . debating is fine as long as people are open to change . in my experience religious arguments are pointless . emotional conflicts are annoying . i'm not very emotional and if i am emotional ... dominating earth with gir . i could have been considered to not live up to my potential in school . i stemmed from mostly having to learn things i no interest in and saw no purpose . the rest was not memorizing things well . sorry ... the failing education system at work . '