' not really what you're describing , but i do know that i will think about someone i care about at least once a day in such a deep respect that i get the sudden urge to message them . its a constant ... lost it at 20 to my first girlfriend . that was about 4-5 years ago now and we went our separate ways . i know that before that first time i hadn't really had any interest , but after you experience ... i have experienced both intimate love-making and passionless sex , and of the two i find the intimate to be much more fulfilling even without a climax . i enjoy making my partner feel good and like ... introverted : 79 % intuition : 84 % feeling : 58 % perceiving : 74 % i'd say thats pretty damn solid . i've always been kind of close between thinking and feeling , though . i have a love-hate relationship with the darkness . on the one hand i love the feeling of being out at night , no sun shining overhead and only myself on the empty streets . on the other hand , though , i ... don't waste your time with jealousy ; sometimes you're ahead , some times you're behind . the race is long , and in the end its only with yourself . i also just recently re-read oh ! the places you'll ... ridiculous i have qite a few ideas for personal gain , but i think we need a variety of small projects that can make money . i know personally i would lose interest very quickly with just one venture , but having ... i think its a common misconception that voicing concerns and worrying are akin to complaining / whining . i know that i personally can whine , but its normally just me voicing my complaints or ... it depends on what the small talk is about . for instance , if you want to talk about sports then no , no we are traditionally not good at discussing the sporty-ness of ball events . if its something a ... i have been perpetually stressed for the past year and half going from finals through graduation to 3 different jobs , unemployment , new car , several moves including a major one across the country and ... that actually really means a lot to hear that . thank you :) thanks for the response . i know these kinds of things usually don't seem quite so frustrating to most people but when i put forth the effort and then get ignored its more than a little upsetting . ... i feel like no one wants to deal with me unless i'm being happy and outgoing . i've had a close friend on several occasions inform me that they don't want to be around people who are negative and that ... i recently had to move because of falling out with my roommates and now find myself far away from my friends and relationships . it hasn't been an issue thus far because i've been able to hang out ... you always jump to conclusions without asking any questions . i just had to move and as i we were pulling boxes from under my bed my so stumbled upon a bag of pokemon plushes . she found it hilarious that i would have those kinds of things . i just shrugged it ... 129 . i'm not sure taking this at work with headphones in was the best idea , though . john dies at the end ( before you ask , no , there are no spoilers in that title ) is by far my favorite book . its a perfect combination of weird , lovecraftian horror and dick jokes . i can't speak for others , but i do know i forgive much more easily than many others think i should . its part of the curse of being able to see the potential in others . that said , there is a cut off ... my fucking roommates have been the biggest children with regards to my announcement to move . i gave them 5 ( though in all fairness my wording made it sound more like 4 ) months notice of my decision ... know what you like and don't be afraid to say it ; treat everyone fairly and as equal human beings ( i'll let you determine what the standard for that should be ); and don't lie to yourself or anyone ... making out with a random person i just met at a bar . just think about it makes me feel anxious , and i've already been drinking a little today . my t and f are ~ 1 % different so its interesting being on both sides of this wall . in all honesty , though , i love intps . their love of knowledge is by far the most wonderful trait a person could have ... i know that high school was a rough time dealing with other people , specifically in that a shy nature would result in the more extroverted ( and lets face it , developed ) people poking fun . it ... its all in your head i am a cancer . grammatical humor aside i actually fall in line pretty close with the idea of what a cancer represents . specifically , very closed off when meeting people for the first time , ... i think i needed this more than i thought i would ... yep . my brain and i have some interesting back and forth , usually explaining what we already know and just reiterating it like some weird tv show trying to explain what was happening before the ... i think its mostly about finding who you are . i don't think any of us really want to cause harm to others , but because of our understanding and ability to emphatically connect with others we have a ... travel . sleep in hotels and live out of a bag , spending a couple months in one location before moving onto the next . i'd see europe , asia , parts of south america , australia ... just see the world and ... we're all in the gutter , but some of us are looking at the stars . - oscar wilde “ you see , frank found out the hard way that the dark things lurking in the night don ’ t haunt old houses or ... for the past 4 years i had been driving around a 1993 honda accord that was , for all intents and purposes , being held together by duct tape . it was my first car and i dumped more money into its ... i just want to hear from her ... some kind of message ... i hate message blackouts , giving or receiving :/ 1 ) i am more patient than is reasonable . i have put up with manipulative exes , socially impossible acquaintances , and family members who probably shouldn't be allowed to hold the scissors they give ... i'm making this post so i can get to 15 and be able to post links ... the fucking mental state where we think everything is shit , that we're shit , and that there is something fundamentally wrong to keep us from being happy . there is absolutely no reason for it and yet ... finding some way to shut my brain down for a little while . generally video games can help with that , but alcohol ( to an extent ) is another one . there is a bit of a dichotomy within myself where i am ... i feel like i have an opposite problem where i find myself opening up too much . i need a way to vent my anxieties and i find that i use people as talking posts when i really shouldn't be sharing some ... i bought new clothes yesterday and have been speaking with more confidence . i still think before i act but i am trying to be more sure of myself , even if i have no idea what i'm doing / saying . its ... as for getting affirmation of love , as difficult as it might be you need to get it from yourself . having others tell you that you're special and ... i cannot decide if i'm jealous of people i care about having fun without me , or if i'm afraid of missing out and slowly becoming irrelevant . even now i'm still being torn apart by my so spending the ... a concept that i'm still working to grasp is that love , in any form , is pointless without self respect . you may love someone more intensely that you could think possible but it does ; t mean anything ... i actually was thinking about this earlier today and was thinking david wong from john dies at the end may be an example of an infp / intp . he's definitely removed from reality , preferring to be by ... i'm curious if anyone else has developed a way to pick yourself up when feeling down and , for lack of a better word , depressed . personally i've found that giving myself a project helps to distract ... i only started recently to realize the subconscious reasoning for my wardrobe choices . in high school i had a large jacket that i wore literally all year long ( spring to winter ) because i felt ... i find that i have a tendency to never write anything down because the words just start forming in my head before i can even find a place to start typing or writing . if i've already written 2 pages ... a couple of my favorites ... '