' i read somewhere an argument that mike was an istj . the 1st 3 letters are pretty much unarguable . imo he is a j . which saddens me to say , as any istp who watches the show would love to claim him ... i've been gone from this site for i don't know how long now . but i stumbled across this thread via google and was pleased to see that it has a solid span across 2 years ! i decided i'd revive my own ... absolutely hmm , seems i accidentally skipped a lot of posts before i put my last submission here . i'm going to 2nd what you said , kadjunga . emotional maturity is different for each individual , not for each type . the only emotional differences between types are the ways that they handle their feelings , not how well they handle feelings . i think stoic is the word for a lot of us . wow ... this is freakin ' me . i'm so amazed to to read this from someone else really ; i've tried before to explain this to someone , and it's just about impossible . heh , i thought it was impossible ... my head's not in the clouds . it just seems that way from the dirt . fun , yes . but why lick the icing for the rest of your life when the cake is right there ? ( oh , i'm so clever . ) i agree completely with you on 1 and 4 . for 2 and 3 though ... i can't say i'm against you on these , but i don't agree completely . i'm somehow attracted to feeler types myself , but yes , over-emotion ... i can see how this topic may be more geared towards istp men and enfp women . you best summed up the question right here . large bombs have long fuses i didn't want to quote myself , but here's the reason i did ( see post # 6 & # 7 ): ... your signature quote seems to fit this thread very well . i'll have to disagree with you somewhat though . perhaps istps don't send out intimidating vibes on a regular basis , but there really is a ... this particular story caught my attention . it seems that if someone were doing that to me , what would bother me would not at all be the hitting itself , but the fact that he thinks he can do this to ... i think it does . in general , we're not violent , but we are aggressive . istps tend to develop reputations for being calm and passive , yet also aggressive and intimidating when the situation ... because they disagree with you ? if you already know all of this stuff , why are you even posting here ? amen to that brother ! i've never actually done it , but i know a few people who have . i'll just say that i've heard nothing but positive reviews ! it must be incredible , to be that high off the ... i agree with djarendee . i can easily sympathize with your stress over what happened ( yes , we istps can jump to conclusions too ! ) but there is no reason to be upset . if anything , maybe be a little ... shoot , if i were the other guy in that story about the heart monitor , i'd believe it to be just a matter of time before things become official . i mean , that whole situation sounds like it was really ... you can kiss him out of the blue but you can't find the courage to tell him you like him ? he obviously enjoyed it . and so did you . what are you waiting for ? p / j has always been the hardest for me to understand , but explaining as the controlling function behind the others seems to be the best way to do it . i would agree with you in theory , but the two ... no , you have no way to completely remove all chance of rejection . yes , sending your friend to talk to him could help you , but you can't ever be absolutely sure what the outcome will be until you ... 2nd and last lines : amen finite , would you be cool with having a pursuer ? or do you insist on being one instead ? just curious . honestly , the more i think about this , the more i think you should handle it without your friend . if you do need her help , you'll still do ok , but there seems to be a lot of fear of rejection here , ... that ought to work , but make sure that your friend doesn't probe , seriously . basically , just don't let him thing that you sent your friend yourself , he needs to think that your friend is just ... i completely agree with the last two posts . a lot of his behavior sounds like mine towards the girl i'm interested in . if anything , it sounds like you're closer to a relationship than i am . haha , thanks ! no worries , i'm gonna take it easy for a little . to be perfectly honest , the better part of me wants to delete this thread from the internet . no offense to anyone who's helped me ... it's not girls that are my problem , just the one i happen to like at the time . but you're right about the pedestal thing . honestly , all the mushy stuff i've been saying and thinking had made me ... wow . rudey , thank you . seriously . flirting alone is not enough , but it can be the clue that the istp needs to motivate him to initiate something . so , so true . that's one difference that would be hard to deal with . i imagine a lost distance relationship would be tougher on her than on me . well , i'll be home for most of the summer . hopefully it'll be ... check this thread out , sassy : i learned a lot while reading your post , so i'm guessing the biggest help i can do you is ... i've done this too . i'll get distracted by following their eyes and accidentally zone out . i'm just a guy-pursues-girl person , period . call me typical , both as a man and as an istp , but i believe it's a man's job to initiate ( assuming both parties like each other , not just the man or the ... think about it ... an infinitely long lifetime in paradise . it kind of makes the whole we're-all-gonna-die-in-the-end-anyway issue fade away . mind it ? ! ? love it ! maybe i speak only for myself , but your loving energy just makes me go crazy ! ( in a good way , of course ) . ah , man , so do i ! ! i've still got her on my mind all the time . but there's just no way around yet another looong wait : sad : . well , my biggest comfort right now is this ; the more effort this ... she seemed pretty istp-ish to me . it's definitely not choice a , although he seemed to be picking at her more than actually rejecting her answers . painful ? that was great ! i think i can empathize with her on a lot of what she said . mannyp just about summed it up for me . i'll say it then : i am into enfps there , an istp has made it official : wink : . the best thing i can say ... is that something just clicks . i just love your type and everything about it . all these other istps have explained it as well as i can hope to . especially with what djarendee said about the duality relationship between the two types . it just feels right with this type .  ... shoot , i don't know ! well , i don't know how to put it to words anyway . it seems like compliment is the word to use here ; you've got everything we believe we lack . i don't really have a full ... sweet ! ! :p roud : sorry for the slightly pessimistic post last time , because it seems that it was unnecessary . i did see her again , for a good while too ! nothing big of course , but the simple ... thanks again for the help , to everyone who's posted . update : i could go into specifics , but again , i'm paranoid about revealing my true identity : cool : . so , i'll try to explain things without ... '