' this is speculation on my part ... doesn't geography cover the whole board ? you learn how to make maps and focus on details of specific areas but it can be anything whether it's data about the ... lol i hate vector marketing . everyone knows those options , i want something that i can do now and i have control over what i am doing . that's what i found and i want other students to know fer real . i've been a college student now for four years and have no money whatsoever to my name ! i still have one year to go and i am struggling because half of my financial aid was cut , it sucks . i've ... the most common response i receive from people when i share my business opportunity with them is i don't have the time . it's ironic because the business opportunity i have to offer requires no set ... this is not destroying what is working for others , this is acknowledging that one master plan does not work for all and is in fact detrimental to stable development . the only plan that is taught to ... this mentality is scamming students . the majority of recent graduates are settling for low paying jobs that have nothing to do with their major , and many graduates in the long run will be working in ... i agree . a degree is really proof of someone's ability to follow through with commitments , it really doesn't matter about the particular subject they are knowledgeable of . i personally feel insulted by the public education system here in the us . i feel that students continue to accept the financial changes that are happening rather than address the situation with the ... this is a personal video produced by me . hey everyone ... i am planning a group gathering near hemet , ca on june 30 to discuss current events , scientific and technological advancement , community improvement , environmental awareness , etc ... what i think is interesting is how students are pressured to enter college right after high school when many of them don't have the slightest idea of what career path they want , or they are still ... i would ultimately say try to figure out what you want to do asap . i waited till i was at 90 units and it has so far been challenging for me to complete my degree . i was a marketing major that ... you are not a science major so i would say you are probably okay . i was able to handle 17 units until i decide to change to a science major lol . but do i love geology ! hey everyone . i was wondering what your favorite blogs are and if you can supply a link ? why do you like them ? do you have experience in blogging ? i am bothered by how my ex misread me . he claimed that since i didn't take the initiative to keep in contact with him as he did with me when we first met that that says something about our ... something that has always made me laugh was being voted as most likely to succeed by my senior class in high school . i was definitely a loner who only hung out with my best friend ( i compare our ... i wanted to delete this post but don't know how ... i posted on craigslist recently in the web design section for my area , but the post was removed for some unfortunate reason . i was offering a service the title was freelance online marketer in ... my broadcasting show is really a form of research for me . my show focuses on topics relating to resource depletion , environmental awareness , geology , energy , conspiracies , etc . i encourage my viewers ... hey everyone . have you ever investigated live broadcasting sites , or have even broadcasted on one ? i am fond of a site called blogtv , which allows me to communicate with viewers in a chat as i ... hello , my name is lauren . i'm 24 years old and am currently living in southern california . i am a geology major who loves learning about natural hazards , ... yes , please share ... polo that sounds like a great way to come across a solution ! xd have you investigated methods of learning online ? i am a science major who had trouble immediately understanding concepts in chemistry and math . i hated reading the textbook and did not have ... alysaria yes , it was like he was going through some midlife crisis in acknowledging that he had nothing - no home , no family , etc . i personally viewed him as still having much potential and ... i primarily view facebook as a news source . i am a fan of over 500 organizations and businesses that i admire , so i often sift through my news feed for their updates . i wish more people viewed ... how have you fared with the realities of a relationship that became sour ? i have only been in one true relationship as of yet , which lasted 2 years ... i'm not going into detail , but i will simply ... i will share personal information with those that i feel are genuine , but the thing is that i rarely meet people whom i feel are genuine and have the potential of being a true friend . i have a hard ... lol , yes i have talked to myself when i am alone . i am constantly thinking about problems facing humanity like resource depletion , climate change , poor urban development , etc . but i do no have ... i just ended my first real relationship so it's all i have to go off of so far ... my top priorities are discussion , decisiveness , creativity , and commitment . my ex and i got along very well ... '