' no , you are absolutely right to be concerned about the accuracy of these estimations . even with 21,000 observations , all of these observations have one thing in common - they're taken from ... i forgot to link the original data but i will do so now . the sample is comprised of 21,105 observations . this set of data tells us the likelihood of an individual being enneagram x given the fact ... 542074 cross tabulated the frequency of mbti with the frequency of enneagram types , given a particular mbti profile , to establish the general frequency of all 144 possible combinations within the ... i should of quoted the op because that's what i was primarily disagreeing with , my post wasn't directed at your quote . i do disagree with one of the parts of this post , namely : i don't know of ... i have to disagree , because if that's the difference between the visions of the two personality types then you would have to type me as a hardcore infj . but i'm not an infj , i'm positive that i'm an ... hey , just wanted to update you guys that i've been to able to narrow down why i had a hard time determining my mbti type . turns out my enneagram tritype was confusing things up a bit . i always ... what would a 471 look like as compared to a 417 ? i'm in that triad and i know that 4w3 sx / so is my primary type but i'm not sure about the order of the other two . yep , i would agree . impossible . can't be half one personality type and half another - especially when the two types don't even share the same functions . although the primary function is the same , both the auxiliary and ... this is definitely si working . si is all about the past , what has worked in the past , what you did in the past , what you thought in the past ... overall it embodies all of your past experiences . ... you can do all things through christ who strengthens you ! let us fix our eyes on jesus , the author and perfecter of our faith , who for the joy set before him endured the cross , scorning its shame , ... lols you're an infp ! of course you're gonna think that infps are cool . dude ... c'mon . the amount of self pity is ... its just ridiculous . do you understand what other people are going through right now ? at this very moment - a 14 year old indonesian girl is being raped , ... just remind yourself that they're mainly concerned with the ethics and principle of the subject at hand , just as i need to remind myself that you guys are mainly concerned with the logic and ... however odd i find it , my entj friends actually like being called out and corrected . though i have enough experience with them to know that when you do so , you have to prepare in advance , provide ... i've researched this for months and i know definitively , without a doubt , i'm an infp , i just can't figure out why i act like an infj . i'm outspoken , i actively and happily present my convictions to ... from the original post , i would say definitively , without a doubt , infp . justifying theft because its against the man is totally an infp thing , especially for unhealthy infps . infjs are much , ... greatly appreciate your feedback ! regarding what i wrote about retreating from the world when one's ideals are not met because of society's moral shortcomings , all i was doing was communicating how ... hey crazies ! how goes it ? i'm wondering how many infp friends you guys have ? my best friend is an enfp , but my 2nd best friend is an entj and 4 other entjs are in my top ten closest friends , even ... hahaha lols , maybe some infps are boring , but they only are if they're a depressed , unhealthy infp . its rare for a decently healthy infp , assuming that they are close with the person they are with , ... for the sake of giving us some information to work with : what makes you lean towards infp ? enfp ? when you talk about personal value systems are you talking about morals , or principles , or the prioritization of values , etc ? and i'm guessing that things like efficiency , productivity , ... hey guys , i know ix92m an infp , but i'm having a tough time nailing down my enneagram triad and its variants . i've always been an idealist my whole life , yet there's always something in every infp ... i wouldn't say so . at least if having a low amount of motivation to figure others out makes you an infp , and having a high amount makes you an enfp , then i'm an enfp . last year i was a new member of ... i've heard that infps and intjs regularly develop friendships with one another , which i wouldn't of expected . in your experience , is this true ? if so , what is it about your particular infp friend ... i appreciate the feedback . the reason i posted here and not in the enneagram forum is because i think that the individuals there would not be able to understand what behavior is indicative of my ... hey broski , how excitable do you get ? enfps are extremely excitable and infps are not even close in comparison , except in extremely rare circumstances . infps may reach enfps excitability only if ... hahaha lols ! yes , i agree that mtbi focuses on cognitive functions but ... i would argue that the way in which you take in information and perceive the world , significantly and drastically effects ... hey guys , i know ix92m an infp , but i'm having a tough time nailing down my enneagram triad and its variants . i've always been an idealist my whole life , yet there's always something in every infp ... hey guys , i know ix92m an infp , but i'm having a tough time nailing down my enneagram triad and its variants . i've always been an idealist my whole life , yet there's always something in every infp ... gotchya . that's a pretty neat way to help determine type , i like it ! as you probably have noticed , now that i've nailed down my personality type thanks to your guys ' help , i've been able to ... yep ! sorry for the delayed response , i've been pretty pre-occupied since school started back up . here is a ranking of the 6 types that you asked me to look into , in order of how much i relate to ... reticence that was extremely helpful ! many of the reasons i've found a hard time identifying with the infp descriptions i've read is because they paint infps as individuals who , when confronted with ... sorry for such a lengthy response . i took quite a bit of time reflecting on how i react to challenges to my values so i was unaware that some new peoples are lending me a hand in helping me conclude ... hey guys thanks for your responses ! uxdork - i almost positive i'm not entp because i pretty introverted - unless i'm the most introverted extrovert possible . lawof 23 thanks for taking such an ... i am having a heck of a time trying to conclude what mbti personality type i am . i think knowing which cognitive functions concern themselves with trying to convince others of their personal views ... that's it , i'm frickin running ! ... in 2036 . if you guys can hold out for that long . i found this description of the socionics infp ( apparently infps in socionics are infjs in mbti . at least this is what i've read ... if this is incorrect please let me know ) . anyways , i found that ... hey thanks for helping out . i went to keys 2 cognition and took the cognition functions test and these are my results in order : introverted intuition , introverted feeling , extroverted feeling , ... 1 . more go with the flow when it comes to stuff that i don't particularly care about ( homework assignments and such ) but when it comes to stuff that i have mentally invested myself in , i care alot ... hey guys first post here . a couple of months ago i took the myers briggs and i tested as an infp . recently i've been questioning that . i was told about the test a couple of days before i took it ... '