' when i first started college , i took the full load and while i did pretty good , that all changed as i got deeper into my major , which at the time was electrical engineering . since i was on ... i've been called a snob before . i kept to myself a lot ( still do , but i'm more open now ) , but people perceived it as being shy at best and standoffish / uppity at worst . while the snob accusations ... i have a facebook and the reason i initially created it a couple of years ago was so companies would know i existed . how did it get to be that companies want to see your internet presence before ... since i've made this post , i've been doodling and / or studying anatomy most days . that and checking out tips and tutorials peppered throughout the internet . i used to lurk around on conceptart a ... for me , it's because it's fun to just let go and journey into that inner world , ya know ? sometimes i get so engrossed in what i'm doing ( be it writing or drawing ) , time goes by in a flash . one of ... welcome ! this is a pretty laid back forum , and i think you'll like it here . before i read anything , i take a look at the table of contents and how the chapter is organized ( sometimes repeated on the first page of a chapter ) . i then read the first sentence of each ... i've done that too . sometimes i look back and my stuff now is better than something i did a month ago . i'll show other people just to make sure that i'm not tooting my horn or anything , and they seem ... a group of ferrets is called a business . also , the male angler fish gets absorbed into the female angler fish during mating season . when all's said and done , she has her own sperm bank . ... read or just look out the window . i listen to music if a flight's longer than forty minutes . nope , but when i was a kid , i used to take hint books to the bathroom if i had to do business while playing computer games . voting actually matters because the world is largely run by sociopaths . according to their bizarro world logic , silence ( i . e . people not voting ) is consent . the universe is far stranger than we ... english ( 1st language ) . latin ( ? ) - it's a dead language , but i took it in high school . i'm currently in the process of learning spanish . i can pick up the gist of a spanish conversation ... i think i should just doodle something everyday . doesn't have to pretty , just something that loosens me up and reminds me that hey , this is supposed to be relaxing and fun ! sometimes i think i ... i love to draw . i've been doing it since i was a wee thing . i didn't get serious with art until about a few years ago . i bought books on art basics ( color , composition , anatomy , etc ) and started ... just stay positive and be yourself and you'll find someone ! of course , like others have said , be prepared for the possibility of rejection . lots of it . i don't think i've ever had a close friend outside of work or school . pretty much every friendship died because we were too different or life got in the way . the friends i do have at work ( more ... i couldn't afford to not try . if my brother or i didn't give a crap , then our parents made ( yes , made ) us give a crap . loved learning , but hated school . as long as you love learning , you're good ... i don't really think it matters . if the kid has a natural drive to be the best student in the class ( or being pushed by parents ) , then he or she will be valedictorian . for the record , there was ... welcome ! * hands mystery man a plate of cookies * do you like cookies ? bs in computer engineering . been debating on whether or not i should take the fe exam . i'm leaning on yes , but it's so darn much to study ! thanks ! i like weird though . makes life more interesting . cute dog ! i've been lurking on this site for the past two weeks or so , and i finally gained the courage to join . it'll be nice to post on a forum again ! '