' i got 23 yayyy ! ! xd can i have a cookie instead ? :p roud : so i read somewhere on google that 2 new harry potter movies are coming out soon ( not so soon ) ... sorry to intrude on your enfp happy thread , i'm ... idk why but at first glance , as i was scrolling , i thought the title was the harry potter thread . then i scrolled up and realized i was wrong : laughing : - code geass - death note - darker than black - elfen lied - naruto - psycho-pass - angel beats - blue exorcist imo most sensor nt : entj ( because of te , and tert se ) most feeler nt : intj ( i cry a lot lol ) even though i don't show my feelings to random people , it doesn't mean that i don't have any . i'm just ... : laughin : lol thank you . you just made me laugh . let's build a mental asylum for inxjs on mars and put a huge sign on the gate only ni-doms allowed , if you are not an ni-dom , you will get eaten by aliens ... 488714 my teenage years weren't so bad . i was a straight a student . i wouldn't say that i was liked by my classmates , but i was class president twice . i was never bullied . i was a loner , spent most of my ... that would be me : tongue : so ... has your fi been restored ? i understand ... and you are right about this . the world is corrupt . most women nowadays are sluts . whether it's being attention whores , or sleeping around , or cheating , or fantasizing about other ... infpgiftncurse so what is the reason of starting this whole thread ? all the girls you were in a relationship with cheated on you ? or is it just some random observation of how most women these ... the question wasn't intended to me , but who cares . here's my answer : i personally don't fantasize about different men . not all women are the same . i value loyalty , i am loyal and i expect my bf to ... welll ... sure a lot of women are like this , that is correct , not all of them though ( or is it just me ? ) . thing is , in general , if a person ( whether it's a girl or a guy ) truly has feelings for ... if she agrees to go out on dates with you , then she likes you . intjs don't agree to go out on dates just to be nice . as for taking too long to text back ... she's busy and when she reads your ... depends ... on the situation and on the other person's level of understanding . most of the time , i remain calm and speak in a calm voice . however , my patience has its limits so i raise my voice if ... i'm an intj and 5w6 . nice to meet you ree : happy : search in the new posts . if you find some interesting topic , give your opinion or correct someone who's wrong just like huhhh said . you could also ... hey there ree thoughts : happy : : welcome : yeah lol . cinder's plan ? i know that part of her plan is taking the fall maiden's powers ( hence her name cinder fall ) . if it's not his semblance , then what was it ? i'm currently rewatching code ... merry christmas everyone : happy : lol again ? you guys already argued about rape and abortion before , what's the point of repeating the same debate ? it's not like anyone's gonna change their opinion : tongue : video games though , that's ... lol you guys keep fighting : tongue : what was the latest fight about ? how's dark souls so far ? i finished watching all available rwby episodes ... waiting for chapter 7 . : bored : hey there :p roud : it's been a while ... i hope everyone is okay : happy : so anything new / any changes happened since i was gone ? what is his personality type then ? and are you okay ? aww thank you ^ _ ^ hi everyone , how are you ? so what happened these last couple of days , what did i miss ? i think light is type 3 , 8 and 1 . ( unhealthy though obviously ) l is a type 5 . 1 - how is rwby not amusing ? the fighting scenes are amusing . the story line is amusing . 2 - ... 3 - there are cute guys ( well cute anime guys , but still cute ) 4 - last time i checked , a plot is ... i've been wondering the same thing ! : shocked : imo , you cannot love everybody , it's impossible , and even if you manage to do so , then your love would be divided on a countless number of people rather ... i thought gary jule's version from donnie darko was the original : shocked : so yeah i meant that that one is the best . maybe maybe . yes lol . you just noticed ? i don't blame you , i just noticed that there is absolutely no decoration not even a photo frame in my room today : tongue : ( was the first time i really ... this is a cover of the song mad world from that awesome movie donnie darko ( one of my favorite movies ) . the original is better , and much more melancholic , have you listened to it ? this does seem tricky ... what about his sarcasm ? we're not cold , we're actually quite soft inside . and you seem very stressed considering the typos ( here * afraid * ) : tongue : and just talk ... shinynotshiny i'm curious to know what your opinion is . please do share : happy : dude , please , hey gem is always bewildered : tongue : : laughin : just try she is vindictive and she does act rashly and gets too emotional when she's angry :d ry : did you start that work you ... i have reached this conclusion a long time ago when she broke my ps :d ry : i still cannot understand , why did she break it ? why not sell it instead ? or hide it ? : rolleyes : alright . hey : frustrating : i used to always get straight as when i was in school , and i still haven't failed anything at college . and nope not suicidal , it's stupid to give up before even trying ... ( my mom calls them cartoons : frustrating :) so you usually read between the lines ? if someone says something , you consider the possibility that it's not just what it appears to be , that there is a deeper meaning to it ; and you can guess the ... you're using dislike , would have preferred , it's stupid = > fi ? i do see feelings in you . i said that i don't see feelings in what you speak , that you do not express your feelings often . but if someone reads between the lines , they can know how you feel . except ... i remember that post ! it was so long ago ! ! poor 5 : sad : well if barakiel is enfp , then joy in the dance is not . yes yes she can't it's sad : bored : some type i get along with : laughing : i'm gonna start watching season 3 after i'm done with this assignment that i keep delaying to start : tongue : i can assure you that you and joy are 2 different types . if you're an enfp , then she is ... that's nice ! first day of the year ! :p roud : you're going there on vacation or work ? ( you mentioned a contract ) joy in the dance you only watched one ep ? ! why ? i agree that the chances of barakiel being enfp are low . i just can't see him as an enfp . not being able to pick a side during a debate means ... it's a christmas miracle ! ! ! how lovely ! : tongue : rwby ? it's amazing so far ! ! ! the story line is interesting , the characters are cool , the fighting skills are awesome . everything is awesome . ( i'm ... same : decoration , christmas tree , ( i do not decorate my room though , there are no decoration in my room at all , i just realized that : shocked :) , dinner on the 24th , church on 25th and family lunch ... they are ? : shocked : that's a first : tongue : i just finished watching season 2 of rwby ! how's your leg btw ? and have you decided on a personality type yet ? so what are your plans for christmas ? '