' sounds like a typical entp trait to me . role se and h . a . fe . an entp's lack of ethics is likely going to bug the hell out of you . find one that at least has some amount of morals that he lives by . to each his own ^ _ ^ there doesn't seem to be any governing body overseeing the information on socionics over the internet , so it's really just an experimental theory . it definitely needs more studying which will provide ... do you mind listing a few things you find inaccurate on socionics theory ? any relationship will work as long as there's mutual attraction . my dad's an isfj ( conflicting relation ) , and we get along great . i also know a chick who is an isfp , my dual , and she gets on my nerves ... # 4 is a definite ! ! we share that characteristics with the estp's . almost like i don't know how i feel ... or just , i feel a certain way about things , ... but i can't verbalize it . it's weird ... they know i'm the guy who will get them out of their heads and their normal boring existence lol as intended ^ - ^ we lack in ethics of relationships . noticing how others are affected by our actions is the last thing on our mind . that and noticing things in our immediate environment . try listening to a person , without processing what's being said . as if you are foreign . how strange does the english language sound to you now ? thanks , i'm just looking to broaden my view . i don't mean to dig , but i'm trying to get full opinions out of people . which is the purpose of this post . mbti types and socionics types are pretty ... i agree that i have unusual random thoughts i tend to keep to myself lol from what little i've seen ? how can you form a valid opinion based upon a quick glance . it's too in-depth to just glance over really quickly . and also , socionics has inter-type relation theory . and ... i like that concept ^ - ^ they need a chat forum for 15-19 year olds . that'd be interesting ohhh hell yeah . i love to screw with people preciate it mayne fixed :p even though i'm sideways ... i can dig that perhaps ^ - ^ ah ! another youngen like myself , not often i see someone our age be interested in typology . pretty cool ^ - ^ but it's cool , thanks anyway :p yes , thanks . i'll go now . so can anyone give me a rundown on the coolest things on this site ? also , i've noticed i can't see my picture on my posts on threads , but i can on my page . will that change with more posts , or do i ... whatever it is , no . just no . what runs through your mind , immediately upon hearing entp that i'm so hedonistic at heart that it's hard to resist the newest better thing ... we fail when it comes down to ethics in relationships the new black sabbath single . 60 + and still badass title says it all and also , i totally agree that mbti is precise in getting a model to adhere to the real world . if i were going to explain typology to a friend , and i have in the past . i have and will continue to ... mbti is preferred in organizing business employees i'm guessing because of it being more simple and easily understood . though if they could get over the fact that it's too hard , socionics will better ... looks innocent , secretly a whore . not saying it applies to all of course . xanax title says it all . '