' sometimes i'll write 2-3 paragraphs worth , read it over ... and then just not post it at all . : blushed : lol , yeh i usually tell people what they want to hear . i'm trying to cut down on it though . posted via mobile device this sums me up right here . wondering about space is probably one of my favourite past times . i think the vastness of space shows us how minute the amount of knowledge we have about the universe really is . along with quantum ... wow , loving the tunes so far :p . thanks for the recommendations guys , keep ' em coming : laughing : . yeh , i pretty much like to run solo as well ( unless it's getting a group for questing / dungeons ; then i will join a party but i won't talk much more than is needed to get the quest done ) . what ... rollercoaster tycoon and real rollercoasters ftw :p just wondering if anyone wanted to share some songs they listen to when they want to relax . jazz , instrumentals , anything :) . so , i've applied to a college and got accepted to all 3 programs that i applied for . so far i've narrowed the choices down to 2 , and this is where i'm stuck . it would be nice to have some input from ... yeh , i can definitely relate . beforehand i would just force myself to go out , but now i think it's better to get my alone time , even if it costs me my friends . my alone time is that precious , don't ... - social phobia ( aka social anxiety ) - claustrophobia ( i avoid small spaces so i won't have to find out whether this is true or not ) - i definitely have a fear of heights , only if there are no ... the darkness is closing in : sad : everything that has been said is exactly how i feel . * tears * aw shucks , look what you guys have gone and done : crying : :p roud : this just explains the reason why i chose my avatar to the fullest :) . it's this dark side , that i've been trying to keep in check . oh ok , because fi doesn't come from the brain ? so you'd rather use your brain to make biased decisions rather than impartial decisions ? : laughing : naruto , one piece ( favourite right now ) , bleach others that i want to catch up in but don't have the time : full metal alchemist kaiji ghost in the shell eyeshield 21 death note k , can't ... perfect example of the infp rage right here :p . i don't know about kingdom hearts , but i agree with the mistyping 100 % : laughing : i think it's because f is associated with illogical . then ... i definitely think i'm about the same , although my recent experiences have moved me to shy more towards my i side . most likely until i find that group of friends that are accepting enough to ... how do you work from home ? :/ ( what jobs ? ) i used to think that way too ... now i suffer from depression and social anxiety :/ . the depression is not so bad , it only hits once in a while but the anxiety is severe . i would go as far as to say ... and then jesus the christ comes and he says whosoever is without sin , cast the first stone . well , the fact that you think it's impossible to justify war with science has already decided the course of this conversation . however , i am more interested in your view of this and i believe i ... the statement wasn't an attack on you personally , it was a general statement . mostly because you aren't the only person who has a belief that he feels it is right to fight for , verbally or ... well , aren't we all advocates , until someone takes it too far and decides the only way to solve the problem is through violence . it seems like you read the first half of what i said , and then ... yeh , especially since it sticks to me and i constantly worry about people perceiving me as a liar . but hey , that's what i get for not trusting people and not being able to open up . no religion , less war . isn't this apart of the reason why religious wars are started in the first place ? if you believe what i believe , everything will be solved . lol no religion does not ... i'm so indecisive it hurts , i actually had a group of friends ( not friends with them anymore , definitely not ) who actually made fun of me for my indecisiveness . so , i definitely hate that . really ... 18 years young :) i recently had a falling out with some close friends that hurt me . end result , i am currently planning to live the rest of my life with 0-5 friends max , leaning more towards the 0 end . i had ... ( just letting my thoughts flow here ... ) truth is objective , however ... we are subjective . how can the skin cell understand the entire body from the start ? ( weak analogy , but the point is there ) ... sometimes i feel like no matter how tired i am ... once i hit the pillow , i'm suddenly rejuvenated .. but if i get up and try to do something , 5 minutes later ill feel the fatigue again ( so i know i'm ... lol , reminds me of the time i lost my pencil and was looking everywhere to find it , only to realize it was still in my hand . haha anyone else ? no ? just me ? < . < > . > * crawls back into hole * ... virgo : cool : i lost my keys before ... never found them : sad : wonderful post ... the day i found out i was infp , was the day my life took a turn for the better . what we experience is definitely not something to take for granted . i'm glad that i have found others ... '