' here's where i think the problem is . it seems that you see just going to school , getting a job , and having a family as being boring , shallow , and perhaps beneath your ambitions or perhaps your ... i've been programming professionally for 15 years and i own a small software firm . when i write code , i'm using t for sure , but when i design systems , i'm using n and f . being able to design gui , and ... you are much too kind ! i am doing well , thank you . i hope you are too . : happy : hahahaha ! ! ! paneity - the state of being bread . or in some contexts , of merely being bread . violin / piano / bass lol it's not materialistic to buy simple things that make you happy or bring you comfort . it's materialistic to buy things in hopes that they will ( but which never do ) or just to impress ... yes ! i think that most of us do . it's a trait ( we have high standards ) . but in your case , despite your worries , you were still able to pass your exams and get your advanced degree ( after getting a ... you are not a doormat . those companies policies and the way their people handle their customers is deliberately designed to be intimidating just so most honest people who don't like conflict will ... agree . slightly cynical realist who would really , really like to be an optimist , but also one who values empirical evidence . sigh . yes i think it's a great combination , but of course , so much depends on the individuals involved and their expectations . if you can accept him just as he is and not wish he were something else at ... i used to find this difficult when i was younger but it gradually became easier as time went by and i gained experience , wisdom and confidence . i think that the reason many ( most ? ) young infj males ... i'm from toronto , canada , but now live in liverpool , uk . i'm very introverted but for me , this is a choice and not due to shyness . when i'm around people i like i can be the most talkative and extroverted person in the room . but i get bored easily and ... well i'm a type 4 so i always prefer to be different and stand out . having said that , i can more or less fit in with the crowd when i need to . depends on the context . i love infjs , infps , and intjs - most of my favourite people are of these types but that doesn't mean i don't like people of other types , i just don't know them as well . no . no one is obligated to allow anyone who causes them pain to remain in their lives , no matter who they are or what the relationship . in my opinion , respect is earned and there is no free ... both my ex-in-laws did everything they could to poison my marriage for their own small-minded , parochial , and tribal reasons . and in the end they were a significant reason why we didn't last . i ... yes i can completely relate . i feel like it's my natural calling and the only thing i would gladly do for free because i love it so much . i also get impatient with my es-type friends because , as ... nice work dale - and most of that was poems , that is quite an accomplishment ! tell him . seriously . ( and give him the letters ) . there's nothing i hate more than being ignored . you can tell me to leave you alone , you can tell me to fuck off , i'll forgive you and move on . but ignore me and you've made yourself an enemy . i'm ... it's because you have different values than they do . and one of the reasons i like you is because i agree with your values . i'm sure that you like your skinny friends for reasons other than their ... agreed . i find that the woe is me mentality is used to justify two things - taking the easier route of doing nothing about your problems , and being mean to people . neither one of these things ... that makes me a little sad because you're one of the nicest and most awesome people i know . if you're a freak than so am i . ( of course , that is possible , lol ) i think this is one of the best pieces you've ever posted on here dale ! it has a really nice flow to it . good explanation michael , thanks . i understand what you mean . i know it isn't easy and it doesn't sound to me like you've actually given up - it sounds more like you are just discouraged . i hope ... see , this is the type of thing i was talking about - thank you for this example . but i want to suggest to both of you that everyone is worthy of love and can find it but you need to change your ... a few pics from this summer ... ... a doormat ? ? ? where did you get that from ? you think that serving others makes you a doormat ? on the contrary , it makes you magnanimous . that's what i thought too . reaching out . zomboy - i wonder if the reason you hate people is because they don't understand and appreciate you . i'm talking from personal experience because i also ... bravo ! ! ! i was going to say something along those lines but you did it better . the idea that things were better in the good old days is complete bullshit . my advice to you is very simple , so ... ahhahahaha ! ! ! lmfao ! bravo . i feel exactly the same way as arclight here - very well said ! there is not much i want to add to it , except that i do make an effort to be kind , ... well said ! but i want to say again that in my experience , a lot of women will give men they are interested in signals that say please approach me - so in that sense they often take the first ... this type of thing happens to me all the time too . there are relatively few people in my world that bother to communicate the little things that can make such a big difference . making a quick call , ... wow jaws , both incredibly clever and kind of beautiful at the same time . that's quite some little paragraph ! ( and yes , i did read the original ... very impressive ! ) most infjs do this but there are so many self-centered people in the world who just don't think of others . keep one thing in mind though , if someone thanks you for doing what you simply consider ... i have made a conscious effort to really develop my intuition and i have gotten even better at reading people than i was before . i agree with the op that sometimes sharing those views can be unwise ... well at least you can vent about it here . : wink : really sounds like you need to get your own place . i understand this situation intimately - it can drive you mad . it's obviously a very sensitive issue for some people . normal ? ? ? i don't think so . the combination you are talking about is rather rare . certainly not normal . congrats dude ... congrats on hitting 6500 . that's a lot of posts ... the chainsaw opera vivacious strains from verdi ’ s brains imbue the woods with the saturated sounds of la traviata , and the spirit of young violetta dances among the pines , who mime her like ... first of all , you come across to me as being very upbeat and positive and i think those are attractive traits . but this last part here i think you may be worried about nothing . it's not necessary , ... hokahey - you are completely misunderstanding me . this has nothing to do with gender roles . it has to do with showing the person you care about that they are desired . it's about showing the person ... i was very hesitant to post this here , but wtf ... love seeps open your eyes , sweet angel , the doors are opening and you can walk through . let the butterflies fly from your lips and the pink ... this is awesome ! i disagree , but in any case , if what you're doing is working for you then cool . if not , you might have to consider that this is the way things are . creating interest doesn't mean you have to be ... dude ! you da man ! '