' i'm not so sure about this . i've come to see a pattern between the esfj gals and myself ... i spend about 80 % of my time trying to convince them of something . then when they finally realize what i'm ... : shocked : lies ! lies ! how dare you bring me into this ! i know where you sleep ! : tongue : mbti enthusiast is isfj ! i said that a year and a half ago and i say it now ! oh , and i have met her in person twice ! scrub the test results . ... by the way , she's going to try to refute these ... interesting responses . i think i can only think of three times in my entire life that i've cried , and they all had to do with loss of someone who was very close to me . as far as doing it in front ... finishing what i start and doing an accurate / good job of it . keeping my life simple and organized . ever increasing my acuity between right and wrong . ^ lol ! ^ icing on the cake ! yup , makes perfect sense because that's what i would have done ! :p roud : seriously though , whenever someone is in discomfort it's best to divert their attention so they don't think about it as ... mom = esfj / p dad = entp / j istj and my best friend is an enfp . we get along great , our stubbornness shows up sometimes but never lasts long . depends on the morality of the system , but i do like my structure . : happy : the military or paramilitary , for instance , provide great structure , but it all depends on what the system stands for as far ... nf's like to see the world how it should be and try to change it , we see the world the way it is and keep it turning . : wink : female enfps seem to be aloof to any action i take to ' hit ' on them . part of it was because i am socially inept so it sometimes was subtle , after all , i didn't want to scare her away ! anyway , i just ... watch this : then look at this : lol hilarious . : shocked : ! i was the one that was suspicious of her ! who knows what she is capable of ? she was all the time smiley and giddy like a child on christmas morning ! : shocked : like wamphy said , i ... niss inspired me . note : the guy celebrating that he caught a casing is an esfj . : laughing : it's little things like this that still make me think you're isfp ! between that and you being sooo smiley and optimistic ! there is no way you're an sj ! : laughing : having met you in person , and observing your behavior in your natural surroundings , my vote goes toward isfj ! although initially i was thinking isfp . at any rate , you are definitely not an istj in my ... yes ! i used to use those as spears ! istj's lead by example . : wink : should work now . i guess i'll go ... 18364 ( * click for thumbnail for bigger picture ) hmm ... basically up to age 10 , my favorite toys consisted of trucks , tractors , and electric trains . i then transitioned into real tractors , real trucks , firearms , knives , and other awesome things ... this part of the site is unprotected . you don't need an account to view this thread . mbti never posted a picture of herself in this thread ... at least , she told me she didn't . if she did , repost it . i really don't care about posting my picture here , it's not about manning up . i ... what ? ! : shocked : how did i get dragged into this ! i've been off the grid for like a month ! : shocked : mean ! : shocked : : frustrating : alright ... since mbti enthusiast is being mean , i'll cut ... i'm tentatively planning a move to texas , colorado , or north carolina next year , unless something ( or someone : laughing :) comes along ! i've been looking pretty hard at the austin area . note : if ... no way ! she couldn't hurt a fly if she wanted to ! : laughing : you're next , hello 317 ! : crazy : : shocked : ... i don't like parties ... * hides * hahhahaha ! no way stephen ! she was just smiley to the world in general - as if everything was locked into a perpetual mode of happiness ! it is ... something i have rarely witnessed in my life thus ... mbti enthusiast has a smile the size of texas ! you could see those pearly whites from outer space i bet ! : crazy : : shocked : ... and it was a ... bright pink-ish color shirt ! yes , we were hanging out last friday ! : crazy : haha ! well , i don't know how to put her behavior into words , but she seemed very excitable , friendly , and bubbly . i don't know , maybe my stoic istj self just has that effect on the ladies ? : wink : ... elaborate on what ? wow , thanks for all the comments everyone ! i don't know , what i see is more along the lines of what hello 317 said . the girl will be all defensive at first , but then after becoming comfortable or ... i'm not forcing ! i just * know * what she is from observing her in real life ! : laughing : i was thinking it was the opposite , with higher education and political correctness teaching young women that they should be equally as tough and demanding as men . i'm not saying all men at t , ... yes .. you did add me . but only after i added you ! : sad : which means you forgot ! so , it seems like every girl i have ever talked to who claims to be an istj , has always ended up being a closet feeler . ( i could name a few on this forum ! ) that is , they would claim the istj title , ... i can't think of a time that i was intimidated by someone who was not in an authoritative position than myself . even when i think of those who are , it's still rare . i like to think we have a mutual ... lies ! you forgot about me ! : frustrating : so did moniej and mbti enthusiast ( who is actually an isfp ! : shocked :) : sad : hey ! stop picking on me ! that's not nice ! : sad : i said i was confused , so what does 0 % mean ? : frustrating : : shocked : no way ! cancer is best ! you're just jealous ! : tongue : i dated an estp for a while ... she was a great girl but it was a very awkward ending ... browser : safari or firefox search : google i'm confused : frustrating : ... sense of humor 45 % sense of fashion 46 % relationship intentions 66 % intellectual pursuits 36 % physical appearance 0 % financial situation 73 % hobbies and ... i should be studying for a final now , but i'm procrastinating . : sad : ... it's tomorrow morning at 0800hrs . seriously , who scheduled that ? : angry : yes , people my age are very immature ! it's so annoying . i really hate being in the college environment . my best friend is an enfp and he really thinks i am too serious and mature . i think the ... why thank you , niss . i'll take that as a compliment ! by the way , i was supposed to say greater good not great good lol ! hopefully you knew that though . i've had the stoic side down pat since ... i have an uncanny ability to read people . i know that's typically not an istj thing , but i definitely have it . there are also different kinds of smiles most which are one of these three : evil ... '