' this was the issue i had with my leadership role . i'm very egalitarian and like to treat others as equals . due to that , i find it difficult to tell others what to do and assign them tasks . in my ... this question reminds me a lot of this greentext . : laughing : an ai could definitely create or become god-like . there's already talk that we might be living in a ... the other dark side of rep is that it replaces potential meaningful conversation with a near useless nod of approval . i say useless because the only thing you can infer from it is , i know that ... trying to meet other nts can be frustrating . i would think that meeting up with other nts would be awesome , but 1 . they are so few and far between they are hard to find 2 . once you do meet an nt , ... rep is interesting , but i only pay attention to it depending on the site i am and on some sites , i will stay away from people from have a high rep . for example , instagram . celebrities have a lot of ... the only thing that can increase iq is nzt , but that's just a movie . :D l i k e . . . a l l t h e t i m e . my code is much too long to post here , but it's available here this algorithm detects motion and whether ... it must be really odd to live a life with no interests . also is the 70k or 80k doesn't say much about how much money people are spending . 70k to 80k means a lot more in rural kansas that in la or sf . regardless of location , i'm sure a person earning that ... i envy your ability remember things easily . it's something that i haven't been able to do , even after reading about memory castles and the linking method for memory , which is what you're probably ... i like systems because i can grasp the big picture very easily . however , the details are my weakness . for the smaller things , having automation definitely helps with that . i've recently started using ... ditto that . money is a tool that be used for good or evil . i hope to earn enough passive income within the next decade or two so i can stop working or at least do what i want to do . i wished my infj ... it's going to be terrible for a long time before it gets better because someone ( namely , corporations ) are going to own all this equipment and software . they are going to build incredible wealth from ... you're making a big assumption that people aren't going to be dicks . in star trek ( i've only watched enterprise ) , the people on board there are all trying to be the best they can be and are all ... i'm never an early adopter , mostly because it's a terrible value proposition . i know that in a year or two , i can get something much better at a cheaper price . tesla is an exception . i won't buy a ... absolutely , i enjoy the design phase ( or more accurately , the architectural part of it ) more than the implementation . i also tend to have more planned out . i like to future proof my creations as much ... i'm going with 16gb of ram , not because i need it now , but because i keep my devices for 5-8 years before replacing them and as time goes on and developers take ram for granted , they just keep using ... thanks for looking into this . i didn't realize there were more powerful laptops than what that lenovo had . it was the highest cpu of that line of the ultraportable , i figured it was the fastest ... i've recently become interested in using a high end laptop + dock to replace my desktop . i want portability and don't really need two computers . with a dock , i can just keep my keyboard and monitors ... i have to agree with this . there's something special about traveling and going away on a roadtrip ( or further ) that nothing else can really come close to . i think you summarize this neatly in your ... 1 : cut a hole in a box 2 : put your junk in that box 3 : make her open the box and that's the way you do it . yep , motivating others is difficult . also , i find it difficult to explain my vision to s types , who usually need greater detail . take the red pill bruh . ( * derails thread ) ... can i be a master at being a jack of all trades ? i was recently trolling around the internet for greek names when i inadvertently stumbled upon a new dating app called sapio . it claims to links users based on intelligence . i was immediately drawn ... i most often program with my hands . i tried programming with my feet once , but that didn't quite work , it's hard to stretch that pinkie to the ctrl key . i learned about test driven development yesterday and today with examples . is a good book for those that know how to program a bit and have no idea how to ... to play devil's advocate : how easily one forgets the good . technology has also made other things more humane . for example , advanced in medicine and education has allowed more people access to those ... changing the world can just be an end goal onto itself . i never said anything about doing good or assuming that changes would be good , i'm older now and not that naive . still changing the world is an ... solonswarning people hijack photos that aren't theirs and make up fake digital lives . that's what i would do as long i personally don't have to make any videos . sad to say , but being attractive ... there's an istj at work and we get along and work fairly well . i like that he's pragmatic so he keeps my ideas from getting too impractical . we communicate well enough to make an effective duo . the ... atamagasuita , tell me about . i've spent about 10 hours of my free time this week trying to make some changes to my network , which i was unsuccessful due to lack of documentation . now it's back to ... it depends on how old he is , but something that would be used a lot would be great . i dislike gifts that look cool , but i can't do anything with it . i second the scented scarf . as an intp with ldr ... i found the nihilist ! :) i don't know if the vast majority of people will be able to cope with the reality that there isn't really the one . i agree that people need to de-program from that ... i must say i disagree with this notion that technology somehow enables males to mate serially . the only thing that enables this how many women give it up and how easily they do it . if anything , the ... i'd rather not bring up unrelatable things ( because hardly anyone does what i do ) that would just serve to make a social situation awkward . i just nod and comment on the weather and anything else i ... perhaps the rule that something ends and begins isn't true , but we are simply too limited by our current understanding to fully comprehend what that means . ie . everything we have seen so far has a ... i only breakdown when the 1-2 key people in my life let me down consistently , which is almost never , due to the pre-existing requirements in order to become a key person in my life . everyone else can ... obligatory i think the closest we would get to time traveling is traveling into the future through cryogenic technology . you would just be put to deep sleep and wake up in the year 3000 like fry . the hole is there is the multiverse , which supposedly , there are an infinite number of . in that case , you could time travel if you jumped into one of the universe that is identical to ours , just x ... i plan on traveling , not soon , and i wouldn't really do it with someone i didn't know . can you confirm you're not a dingo trying to eat unsuspecting intps ? welp , we are getting closer to a psychopass like world . detecting emotions with wireless signals | mit news just a small excerpt . “ our work shows that wireless signals can capture information ... i guess i still don't understand . what other example of a dependency do you have and what exactly would be automated as a result of it ? what i was saying there is that a relatively large amount of people would craft the automation , which would be open sourced and open to the public , such as in your example of having 300 people in an ... true that . it would be cool if they we could see the story line from the different houses especially slytherin . maybe the best and brightest can take over an small country and we can start from there . not quite , i don't think prohibition worked very well . however , i disagree with how our society currently deals with this problem . we don't rehabilitate anyone , instead we throw the worst of these ... '