very funny ... i always appreciate good sense of humor sweet that some can find such simple things so truly enjoyable ... the unusually quiet main street at rush hour as snow falls ... and thinking of adele's song rolling in the deep love your quote ; part of my mo ... hey , thanks . your post reminded me to think ahead a create small and beautiful things ... your bbq on mountain sounds wonderful ! two things come to mind first : two great conversations with people i never met , spontaneously and interestingly thoughtful . really appreciated this thread coming to my email today , after the ... can't you spend any time by yourself ? or why can't you be a little more emotional ? so very funny ... never thought of this ... here's another one in same thought ... never heard these reasons why people who can't be with you ... : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : i can't be with ... ready to walk and take bus to work due to most sloppy , icy me weather , not taking car ; and then got a call out of blue and got a ride to work ! : mellow : woke up with awareness that i was with others ... god , my dog , and friend ... nice thread to remind me of this gratitude as getting ready for action of work week i agree with both of you ... guess this is kind of a positive bittersweet humor of seeing onself . i'll check this movie out ... reason i like this thread so much ; is hearing of different movies , as well , as amusingly interesting to find what films people watch sound of music , part of it , planned watching it as lightness for recovery from minor surgery - - not typical movie for me it is a great movie ... and based on real life some friends of mine ... lines like your's make me grateful how far i've come in knowing and accepting myself ! i really think infps are not the norm and ones that are not applauded much . this forum validates who i've ... those are really good lines ! ! ! so much of this is true in my life ... what i never hear a lot is : you are so organized ; you plan everything so well ; you are so diligent in following through things or why can't you be more ... i think you are probably very realistic - - not petty there are times one needs to be prepared ... a weakness of mine is giving too much of the benefit of the doubt that people will not repeat ... cool ... and my guess studies in physics sow it might be possible i need my soliltude ; and yet , love friends . i wonder if it will be possible to meet someone i can be in companionable solitude ... a hope . saw a friend never had imaginary friends ... thought people out grew that from childhood i can get how social can be draining . my single best suggestion is to show interest by listening to a person's stories of their live . listening , really listening is a great way to a woman's trust ... don't know how to add pictures ... but they'd be of the beauty of nature ; kids playing ; and funny natural poses of my dog i voted and found philosophy is popular , funny since it seems such an esoteric subject . i also loved history , languages , art , and religions / spirituality . subjects that don't lead to immediate ... you think it's really possible ? interesting . :d ry : i think i might have done it , travel in time in dreams . some quite overwhelming . guessing if it's possible to do such a thing , maybe that's why ... you describe it so well . the title of your thread caught my curiosity . i've become aware of how i fend of potential negative confrontation too much . i'm practicing letting down my defenses more ... the sound of music , really , ... a great favorite of mine not offended , myself at all i hear you on being pressured to go to church . being spiritual is , for me , the key . religions are structures that can help . yes ! christmas is one day ! and it seems so unnecessary for people to get so stressed out and put way too much emphasis and material stuff on it when it's really simply about remembering that this ... so far at 7:49 am after christmas ... i walked my dog and did not make him wait too long . ciao yes ... for many people . this year i tried to keep my expectations down and focus on the spirituality but still the hallmark pressures got me weepy sentimentally last night for a good 5 minutes . ... wow , i really hear you and i think that you are correct , even though my logical mind has not caught up to your warp speed intuition and my mind appreciates your ability to perceive the emotion of ... i like your list . i do think this way at times . it's easier to do when i'm at a job and in a more objective , goal oriented mode . for myself it's harder to do . i have to catch myself , and calm ... i talked with friends ... and remembered god . most funny : a stranger told my dog to obey me . what an amazing compliment today ? right now ... made turkey soup ( w / love ) ah , thank god for meds at times my morning coffee does that for me , a pick me up , like my dog getting into the trash this am and his being so proud along w / so many other things ! good description ... i have to remind myself less and less that many people are not like you described - - emotional and getting all questioning and guilty about it ... since i relate enough , guess ... bravo me , too , now that i remember so long ago in this day great sense of humor . today before 6 a . m . a friend whom i called reminded me that people pray because it helps with winter blahs , etc . i really liked your tiny mouse fluff and being proud of check it out - just in case . so brave . take care you were really sound like an infp ! from another infp when a small thing like a loose cat in the hall as you open the door with two dogs who are super excited is an adventure . or an adventure is when a man from his second floor window stops your ... best thing today = talked to a few close friends girl who plays w / fire - - great but i do try to stay w / comedy open to any comedy suggestions . it seems i've seen most good comedies on netflix . wow , yes ... he had an amazing way to say it there's a lot of me i see in your writing ... you put in really well i'd add one thing for now : suspecting ( for reasons ) that you are dreaming other people's dreams and feeling some of ... funny ... interestingly accurate description of my friend who has to be an intj , if there ever is one . note : i have to stick up for infps ... not foppish in my view , even with that wink . okay , speaking ... did art with a friend and group of veterans for peace about what we would do with money if we were not at war ! ! ! glad i got myself downtown to join them . my dog avidly chewing a bone earlier : susan boyle's perfect day my friend successfully went through serious surgery and it went amazingly better than expected . and was able to share this wonderful news with friends .