' bonds are overrated . what's worse , being honest when a particular relationship isn't working out , or stringing someone along and causing them to miss out on opportunities for their own ... 1 ) the mods tend to be a bit heavy with the banhammer when they see nekked skin . the recent flood of sjws has even caused them to clamp down on certain things that are merely provocative , so actual ... in michigan a motorcycle license is just an extra endorsement on your car license . the assumption is that ( unlike in many countries ) you'll own a car for use during the winter months , and few ... i'm usually trying to get out of social situations , because i've got more interesting projects waiting for me at home . that said , one thing istps have to be careful of is falling into a ti-ni ... i have a long list of things i don't want in a relationship , so yeah , if that counts . that's all sorts of awesome . : happy : ah yes , in that case i totally agree . i find that it's a fine balance between meh and psycho that's worked well for me in the past , but it helps to be prepared in case those don't work . probably likes you , isn't sure about his relationship with his long-distance gf ( maybe doesn't trust her , maybe she has traits that annoy him ) , so is stuck in that no man's land where he isn't happy ... the ultimate istp martial art style . no sweat , money , or time wasted , but surprisingly effective , because apparently most people shy away from the idea of living their last hours in a horror movie ... i'll agree with this . i'm a little weak on the visionary approach , and i care little for the artistic aspects , but throw me into a situation where i have to improvise on the fly , and i do alright , ... good question . i'd agree that personality traits are there from birth , but perhaps because of that , istps ' comparatively emotion-free perception of the world amplifies some of those traits as we ... true , but as has been made abundantly clear recently , both parties exist merely for show . besides , garland was the moron who helped throw a filmmaker into prison , even though they knew weeks ... i'm not saying they're good for anyone , but radiation is the least of your problems when you're talking about cigarette smoke . the amount of polonium you're getting is so small that the fear factor ... when has that happened ? as far as i can see , the current administration is getting more from the gop than harry and nancy ever let them have . very weird times we're living in , but in principle , i ... define use . do i have an account ? god no , it's bad enough larry and sergey have nothing better to do than follow me into the bizarre corners of the internet that i roam , much less having an ... : laughing : probably should keep the pointiest versions away from the spinning wheel , then . sure there are , but they're a relative handful of companies . even then , it's rarely cost effective for those companies to spend anywhere near the money or resources creating and enforcing rules to ... probably more for the nostalgia factor , but i ran across this band again : of withering ashes - - thru wintry nights edit - - goes to a google download page , but it's a safe download . the band's ... as compared to what ? the ones we already have ? technically , we're all committing suicide in the slowest possible manner . for most people , life is a fair amount of caution mixed with a little ... well , there's 90 % of your problem . if you don't like rules , working in a gargantuan bureaucracy is probably not the best choice . we are , and they did hit american airlines first , so the message is pretty clear . if it looks like we're clueless ( more so than usual ) it's probably because the media's mostly focused on the this ... ... yup . i'm pretty patient these days , but after watching someone walk into the same wall over and over again , i want to grab them by the collar and guide them through the doorway , just to make the ... yeah , that lying ap : ap : isis has trained 400 fighters for european bloodshed - cbs news it's amazing how crazy and mean people become when they know how to read . :d ry : yeah , but that's nyc's heart-attack-by - 35 culture , and it's what you'd expect when you have 20 million people competing for a handful of decent jobs . workplace politics and drama are nasty ... that's an excellent intp response . my istp response would be , oh sure , i have a few in the freezer , but they're so much work that i only serve them for holidays , preferably followed by an ... nah , 400 more peaceful folks trained for a repeat of the other day . on the upside , probably not all in belgium . depends on the breadboard . high-quality ( $ $ $ ) and older designs can handle 20a for a short period ( 30 seconds to a couple minutes ) without damage , as long as you let them cool before using them ... you've never actually talked to an istp , have you ? : wink : how do you attract an istp ? be interesting . not what you think the istp will find interesting . that will fail miserably . be a non-psychotic , calm person that has a good time , no matter what ...   399 to go ... brazilian jiu-jitsu and krav maga are solid choices for non-lethal and lethal unarmed combat , respectively . i'd also suggest an armed form based upon whatever sort of weapon you're most likely to ... bee gees and ac / dc mashup : rockon : or when you miss a meeting , and the next week they tell you that they voted you treasurer , so you bail on the whole group ... forever . yeah , well , we're always surprised when the lions win a game ... all year ... : frustrating : nothing like getting an early jump on your summer tan ... and future melanoma . : jumpingout : glad we cleared up that misunderstanding ... i think ... : tongue : i hope you mean manicure-pedicure ... : unsure : all the european markets are blood red . also , a live spacewalk happening now on the iss . if i didn't want to talk to you , you'd effectively cease to exist in my world . you can't force yourself onto istps , because with the exception of family and long-time friends , we're generally immune ... i don't talk to people out of politeness , but because they're intelligent , fun , or i'm interested in them . in a similar situation , i'd assume that you wouldn't want to be tied down while i'm away , ... digging up information on people is a piece of cake . most people give away way too much information about their personal lives , habits , etc . for example , with a little experience , you can guess ...  h / t stab tests on the bulletproof graphene plastic videos i posted a month ago . heh , people are really losing their minds . flint didn't want to pay their overdue water bill to detroit , so they switched to pulling water from lake huron , which caused all sorts of problems ... i long ago resigned myself to tim allen-style grunts when people become emotionally-involved in debates . even saying , i don't care , or i don't want to argue , sometimes causes others to demand ... put a little jalapeno juice on your fingers , then stick them up your nose . the garlic smell on your palms won't bother you anymore , guaranteed ! you clearly never went to the same summer camps ... '