hmmm ... a happy family life , children , love , change and creativity , spontaneity , working on fulfilling projects , building a career , helping others , becoming more myself every day ... just hanging out with my so , laughing , cuddling . thank you for this thread l_lawliet , i just realised how much he makes me happy . it sounds to me like you've simply hit it off with the istp guy and you might just be overthinking things ! you either have chemistry with someone or you don't , and it sounds like you just don't have ... thank you , i do like it ! 24337 yet another bassist here ... hmmm ... do you snore ? i'd spend the whole day with my soon-to-be-boyfriend . and then i'd sleep over . : cool : oh , i'm so sorry to hear that ... things don't always work out , but feeling love for someone is always a good thing . i know it's hard , but believe me , if you're capable of having strong feelings for ... i know how you feel . i used to feel that way a lot a couple of years ago . there's no magical way to deal with it , but i find that focusing on the lack of a relationship isn't helpful . when you focus ... i feel exactly the same way . it's like my achievements don't exist - others may appreciate them but i don't really give them a second thought . what consumes me is how i'm failing myself by not ... if you exist , then your match exists too . you deserve it . keep the faith . :-) orangeappled , your guy sounds awesome ... i want one ! yes ! before you know it , they're in your heart and then you realise you wouldn't have it any other way : kitteh : i don't work in the health care system and can't imagine wanting to personally . but i definitely admire those that do . i can definitely see that there is a lot of pressure and unreasonable ... hi nelle . welcome ! i love japan . i'm sure you'll have a great time there . :-) we heal the world with compassion ... i like this ... the idea of letting go ... for me , it feels stressful because i want things to turn out a certain way . i want to be able to control the outcome ... it's uncomfortable when your potential happiness ( in love ) is in the hands of ... very , very true ( on both counts ! ) i think the best way to deal with this might be to slowly distance yourself from her by gradually seeing less and less of her outside of work . perhaps you could become really ' busy ' with a new ... i've just started seeing someone who i feel more of a deeper connection with , beyond any feelings of lust . i'm really curious to hear how some of you ( especially infjs ) know or have known in the ... intrigued , in love , infatuated , inspired , introspective i can't believe i'm finally confessing this , even if it is online ! okay ... i cheated on two exams in high school . i brought in some outside material that may or may not have contributed to my good ... dear enfp guy , today was strange . in fact , you're strange . i don't know whether you are really attracted to me , whether it's just a passing phase , whether you just are really too busy , or have too ... maybe you could try some good old-fashioned flirting ? when you see him next , try a few of the typical flirtatious gestures , such as eye contact , little touches , teasing etc . see if he reciprocates ... it sounds to me like this guy is bad news . you were dating a while ago , and he just cut off contact with you ? and now he's all friendly again but hasn't contacted you in 10 days ? i don't think the ... ukinfj , it sounds to me like you aren't in touch with your desires . what do you want out of life ? what do you like ? what do you feel would make you happy ? from what you've written , i can't see that ... i personally couldn't be satisfied with only having platonic friends , as much as this is very fulfilling and important . i do think there's something different that a romantic partner provides . i'd ... i've experienced friendships with women and men where i've felt that i completely like , adore and respect them , even love them . in this way , i understand how it can be difficult to see how this is ... i agree . and i think that it's impossible for one person to judge another objectively . all of our opinions are subjective . one person's freedom fighter is another person's terrorist . things are never ... i absolutely don't believe that anyone deserves to die , no matter what they've done in their lives . i couldn't hold a gun to someone and kill them , so i can't condone the death penalty . i think that ... i feel really humbled reading all of your experiences . thank you for sharing with so much honesty . i used to be the same way - i could never eat sensibly when it came to sweets . i would always ... without my sensitivity i would not be able to write or create the music that i do , so to me it's a vital part of who i am and i wouldn't trade it for anything . yes , it's difficult living in a ... i really recommend ' before sunrise ' and ' before sunset ' ( its sequel ) . they are all about the ' what-ifs ' of love , missed chances and possibilities . i definitely analyse people's actions , motivations , intentions . i'm always trying to discover the truth behind people's facades - why they act a certain way , why they are the way they are . i think ... hi noctiluca . lol , i love it ! and yes , there have been many moments where people who thought they knew me have been really shocked to find these odd , subversive sides to my personality . they used to ... i just love how similar my hobbies and preferences are to the ones already stated . it's like looking into a mirror : - 0 i think it's so important to be with a guy who is an adult - emotionally mature , experienced , independent , has integrity and a strong sense of themselves . otherwise the relationship can become ... it sounds like infj # 2 did like you . for me , it's so important that i feel comfortable enough to share private details and open up , and opening up with someone is a big indicator that i like them ... razare , your situation sounds extremely similar to one that i was in recently . i was re-hired as a casual worker at my old job to help carry the weight of the office admin worker who was not ... voldemort , i think you've shown a lot of courage to write about your feelings here . i really feel for your situation - i've actually felt very similarly to you when i was younger , so you certainly ... i do put effort into my make-up and hair whenever i leave the house ( unless i'm just picking up some groceries at the local store ) . when i think about it , it's partly because i like to feel like i'm ... wheelie , sounds like you've been through a really tough time lately . i know , emotional situations like these can be so draining ... hope you're holding up okay . from my view , it seems like her ... oh my goodness , yes , pan's labyrinth made me bawl . one of those unique movies that really made my heart ache . i watched ' v for vendetta ' last night . it made me shed a tear . kriash , ' mary and max ' definitely does it for me too ! thanks waiting . actually , this is very good advice , and what i need to hear right now . :-) i'd love to be able to just let it out , and it's wonderful that that approach works for you . but for me , i'm always conflicted between being authentic and being polite . of course i want to be my ... congratulations on the script ! :-) that's a huge achievement ! so is writing a novel and the poetry ! i really think us infjs are too hard on ourselves most of the time . honestly , you have to put ... i also enjoy teaching english , and i consider my writing and music to be a service to humanity . i used to write a lot in high school , just some very cliched science fiction . now i love writing , but only when i have strong inspiration to do so . i recently had a short story published in a ...