' what started the scientific advances was necessity . scientific advances then flourished due to heavy capital expenditures . are you saying that capitalism is the only way of allocating capital ... if that graph shows anything , it is that wealth creation coincided not with an unfettered market , but a fettered one , and not by itself , but along stem advances . and that is because ... you were given the opportunity . both that ethiopian man and that chinese man will probably never see the light at the end of the tunnel , for they are powerless . the question still stands , what makes your position more convincing than other ones ? do elaborate on how strong the market demands are , how they would have been met were it not for government ... so says every extreme right-winger . what makes you more convincing than the others ? could you elaborate on the bolded part ? the latest one says the top 1 % holds a little less than 50 % . what difference can they make ? that poor ethiopian man has been earning at most 3 $ a day for the past 10 years . is it reasonable to expect of him that he continues to remain optimistic that he ... the increase in living standards is caused by stem advances , not by unlimited resources or wealth as you call it . for every rich person there are less resources for the rest . what happens when the ... i am asking both , now that you've picked my curiosity , but really anything that comes to your mind . please post your thoughts and feel free to check out the other threads i've posted in the other temperament subforums in which i ask the same question : sj sp nt nf please post your thoughts and feel free to check out the other threads i've posted in the other temperament subforums in which i ask the same question : sj sp nt nf please post your thoughts and feel free to check out the other threads i've posted in the other temperament subforums in which i ask the same question : sj sp nt nf please post your thoughts and feel free to check out the other threads i've posted in the other temperament subforums in which i ask the same question : sj sp nt nf ought to ? depends on your goals . what i mean by scientifically proven has to do with scientific validity . validity is the extent to which a concept , conclusion or measurement is well-founded and corresponds accurately to the real ... the point is there is suffering , and where there is suffering there are those who've made it their life mission to end that suffering . because there is suffering . you fit the intp mold almost to a t . i will eradicate poverty . i love both my istj dad and my isfj mom . religion is for the faint of heart . it has to do with how one has adapted to society . whether it be unrestrained hedonism or mindless servitude ... : crazy : and i don't agree . incompleteness =/ = invalidness . mbti is not scientifically proven because of its j / p dichotomy . there's also the bell curve mbti variant . nature is never over nurture , as they always both play an equal role . i will eradicate poverty . no . you got it ! everything else other than the big 5 is flawed ! and i'm not being sarcastic ... intj who only enjoys the aram mode in league of legends , a competitive fast-twitch shooter called gunz , and 3/2 blitz chess . and dark souls of course ... pro-lifers are stupid . why , it's called a custom tower . you could spend $ 2500 for a non-upgradeable bulky laptop , or you could spend $ 1250 for a tower with an i7 6700k , easily overclockable to 4.5 ghz , and a gtx 1080 ... ? i overeat too . not all problems are equal . because you don't ? if you think you understand intjs better than they do themselves , then you're not even close . memorization is boring . the variant of mbti that prescribes predetermined function stacks is scientifically unproven . in other words , there is no such thing as nature > nurture . it depends . music and video games . there are no stupid people , just immature people . great minds think alike :) you should feel bad . there are 8 million people still starving today . i find it is the total opposite . a brilliant story with memorable characters , with the frosting on top being the cute interactions between an apathetic intj and a i'm curious , i can't stop thinking ... it would take too long and a session of watching the anime again . from what i remember ... at the school festival when her attention span was like that of an adhd person , or when she had to talk to ... impressive analysis ! i still think chitanda is enfp though . her scatter-brainess simply points to an enfp . laurie 17 your clarification about ni-te was very helpful ! if i were wealthy i wouldn't even bother with school . i would just self-teach myself . personally i don't know whether the functions are valid or not , but in so far , it has been accurate in describing myself , hence why i see it higher than merely ' total bullshit ' . the serious and the unserious . because it's interesting . how old was / were the immature intj ( s ) ? i'm indifferent to hugs . edit : actually i do like hugging my cats . so i guess i do like hugs after all . with animals anyway . '