' goodnight ! * gets tackled * i'm super busy , and actually busier than i was last semester . grades are good , school is good , but my free time consists of 8-9 hours , split into 3 chunks during the ... yeah . but the intjs would go hide in a bunker that you can't find . they don't need interaction . i've found that i do need it ( fe ? curses ) , but you'd never find me in the crowd . surely they all stare ... i can vouch for this . the death or lost in thought stare can be used for comedic relief with people who want to have a staring contest . they get uncomfortable really quickly :) you can't muzzle us ... hi lizzy ! they'll disguise the farts with perfume . you won't smell it coming . lizabeth did you scare all the infjs away ? i didn't see one post for at least five pages ... copycat ! poor thing . my boss is a sensor . we are pretty good friends , although he drives me nuts sometimes ( i hate having to spell things out , people should just intuitively get what i'm getting at , even ... nah , that's no fun . you'd lose your ne . as opposed to my ni , which would take the single kernel , analyze it and turn it into a giant problem when in reality it's a simple solution . you have too much brain popcorn to simplify things . 8 more classes , plus choir and orchestra this time around . the foreboding clouds quickly descend from the mountains , hurling giant drops of rain upon the plains as if it were an invading army . the quiet stream turns quickly into a raging torrent as it cannot ... i'm doing wonderful ! i just don't have a whole lot of time for typology or forum posting . another semester has started :) on the edge of the mountains i see a storm brewing over the peaks . peals of lightning crashing and thunder booming . yet , as i look over the plains to the east , serenity and a star filled sky . nope . under the stars from afar . i'm out and about , here and there . to be honest , it kind of hurts when people have judgments against me and i respect / love them . it doesn't change the fact that i love them though . what i've found is most people either love me or ... the problem is there is so much more . kindness , gracefulness , someone who is at peace with themselves , someone who is energized to grow . there's almost too much to talk about . i'll take a stab at this : 1 . someone who has the same beliefs i do . 2 . someone who is intelligent . 3 . someone who i can connect with on an emotional / intellectual basis . 4 . someone who is ... that's unfortunate . i'm sorry . perfect . i can't either . well ... i use ti i guess ? the ability to constantly second guess yourself and what you're seeing is totally awesome . also gives you this im not really here quality . plus the ... i'm not sure . ti doesn't feed anything since it's all internalized for the most part . ti , to me , balances out some of the more far-fetchedness the ni can do when it's running rampant without anything ... but ... reading into things is fun ? it's not really about seeing the future . it's more along the lines of synthesizing information that you gather , comparing with past historical record , looking at trends that are going on and then ... great , so i can rest at ease then . good deal ! * munches on some popcorn * so ... how anemic is this fight going to be ? do they turn into esfps or something ? at least i turn into a rad estp shadow type . i am innocent . why are you putting words in my mouth ? you are the one that stated you would find me and then changed your mind . i don't really want to be found : rolleyes : got any popcorn ? * owww * what was that for ? i'll start writing up study guides tomorrow . i need to start studying friday since i work saturday and sunday . exams are next week . this week is learning what to study for . then it's freeedddooom ! well , i wish you the best . let me know if you need anything , or if you need someone to bounce ideas off of . dealing with worry is never fun . anxiety is about as much fun as worry is . awesome . that was easier than i thought . lizabeth - how was your day ? yuck . you need to deal with the root cause and issue of your worries . i imagine that's contributing to your illness as well . i can't really help you without knowing what it is , and it's not my ... ah poo . i thought we was going places . are you still going to track me down ? choose a ) what you input into your mind to begin with ( what you see , hear , etc ) , and b ) what you are going to think on when the intruding thoughts come . being tired makes it that much harder . i'd ... i once had a dream when i had a seriously bad migraine that i was implanted into the diablo 2 game . it was so vivid i could hear the music and all the actinos . then i puked my guts out and i was ... well , if everything is not alright why have someone lie to you ? i hope everything works out . exactly . you need the feels . whether you think you have enough or not . either that or you're here as a means to escape whatever is going on irl . because you need the feels . is that confirmation ? : tongue : are you guys maligned on the intarwebz ? can you explain the difference between fe and fi then ? scary . so you're on the lookout for the poor , lost , misplaced and never been in a relationship ones ? no , we need pictures . pictures are good ! if you're obsessed , post more of them . you might find attentive eyes , does ni-ti also tend to mimic fi as well ? it may be why a lot of people seem to mistype or feel similarity with infps and others ... probably not . why would you want to ? '