' my anger is normally the silent , deadly type ... but when i really feel provoked i snap back at them . earlier i got into a really big fight with my ex whom i still love unfortunately and i just lost ... i feel angry right now . my ex is one of the most hurtful people i have ever known ... he always goes straight for the throat with all of the things he has said . but i am seriously over it . his ... yes ... i used to be very impulsive in my late teens .. this past week i was very impulsive but i don't regret anything that has happened , it only showed me that some people will never change and that ... i have only doorslammed people when i can't take it anymore . them treating me like shit and using me as a punching bag . when they have betrayed me so many freakin times ... the people i love are in my ... two lovers , good dick , shop girl , feast of love , garden state , reality bites , singles ... etc amelie torn hmm ... i tend to be direct about it when i truly like someone ... but only when i feel safe in doing so . i don't want to rush into things anymore because when i let my emotions get the best of me ... for the past month since he dumped me he hasn't left me alone . it has been really hard to cut him off and he knows how to get to me because i did love him . we lived together so it was much harder to ... so , i dated a guy for the past nine months . i fell for him hard . i let him into my world more than anyone . i gave him everything , even my virginity , which wasn't just whatever since i'm in my ... i have always given exs of mine many chances ... nothing ever changed though , things always went back to how they were ... incompatible ... just a lot of hurt was caused ... the guy i was supposed to feel safe with , the one i opened up to moreso than anyone else i've been with thus far , hurt me in every way imagineable ... he has a lot of problems and i excused them for ... i always used to give the people closest to me a gazillion chances .. that changed through the years . i don't know if i believe in second chances anymore ... especially when the people i gave the ... i withdraw ... my anger is usually the silent deadly type . but i have exploded before when i cant take it anymore and a small part still cares about my ex but whatever . i finally admitted ive had a crush on him all summer .. he said he couldnt tell haha . we are going on a long walk later and i think he's getting me ice cream . he was beating himself up because he said ... i disagree . i don't want to get to know everyone . i like being selective about who i let into my world . i seem to have a knack for attracting creepers and i'm honestly so tired of it , so no , i don't ... idk , ive kinda backed off . he cancelled our movie marathon and said we would have to reschedule . and whenever i text him its like hes in a hurry to go so ive backed off . im embracing being single and ... i was in an abusive relationship last year and recognized the signs this time . his guilt trip being one and his freak out session the day after i gave him my number . all of that made my red flags go ... oh , i don't work with him . he was a customer of mine that seemed nice ... but yeah i've learned my lesson . well i guess i'm still getting the hang of standing up for myself and saying no to a person now that i'm in my early twenties . when i was a teenager i never wanted to hurt anyones feelings and even ... thank you , i feel you understand it . this guy just started giving me the wrong vibe . getting to know a person takes time and i hate when people rush me in anything . honestly makes me sick . i did say i understood his frustration because i did give him my number but wasn't making an effort . so then i finally admitted that i backed off because he flipped out at me last week . then he ... it wasn't just one text . he sent me several throughout the day / week without giving me a chance to respond to them first .. so i had given my number out again to a previous guy i had talked to before at work . well , i was thrown off by a lot . i didn't mind that he texted , but he wanted me to call him immediately after i ... haha whooo knows ... ... the story continues ! ! ! he apologized and promised to fix what he messed up , even though i told him he didn't have to . i think he's so adorable ... haha . he makes me nervous . he pulled me ... i haven't seen him in person since last year ... and we broke up in 2007 . but you're right . the weird thing is we've been broken up since 2007 but i swear it hasn't felt that way all of these years with the arguing and such ... he just hurt me a lot . you're not an idiot . i wrote my former best friend recently too . she didn't write back , and she'll never acknowledge how she hurt me but i've accepted that . i don't think we truly forget the people ... haha , that isn't it . k and i will never be great for each other . we're two very different people . i stopped trusting him in 2007 , and things haven't been the same since . but thanks for your input . intp i believe . you're right . i feel it is partially my fault for always talking to him when i feel hurt or whatever .. but then his true colors eventually shine through and to be quite honest some of it is ... why do you think he's controlling me ? we were together for a year , but then the past four years its like i've harbored this hurt and anger . it surfaces whenever he'd bring up memories of our relationship , which is most of the time . i've ... no , that was my other ex b . i haven't talked to him since march because i told him i needed to heal and he's respected that ... but i've noticed through the years that i would always go back running ... for the past four years ( he left me aug 2007 after i gave him one last chance ) there has been one ex of mine who always weazled his way back into my life ... when really he's no good . ever since that ... no you had it right , lately its been stupid boys . i got rejected a lot in high school . i didn't have a boyfriend until senior year . haha , who knows ... i know i'm backing off a bit , just like i did with the first guy i mentioned in this post ( but not completely like i did with that guy ) i even mentioned going to adventure it up in ... mm ... blah . i don't normally put myself out there . he's just one awkward guy . i don't even think he knows i notice the little things about him . i think me offering to make him a bday dinner was a huge ... he replied with , yeah they asked me to come in and i didn't mean to act weird towards you and i'm sorry . i was just having a day and you don't have to leave me alone . all i was doing is stressing ... dating can kiss my ass . i was texting him earlier this week and being honest , telling him i looked forward to getting to know him and stuff . that though i suck at getting to know yous and dating i ... two years ago i did . i shaved my head , i got my nose pierced , i was suicidal , i did drugs , got drunk etc . i don't know if i'll go along with the dinner . haha i don't have too much experience either , just a little :) '