' theredpyro : hahaha . my friends might kill me ! ! drawn on freckles ... i wish i had real freckles :') i think they're lovely . swaying to lana del rey . i'm not sure what my absolute greatest fear would be , but abandonment and wasting my life / one day realizing i've done absolutely nothing except be a huge failure - those two are definitely up there ... you look super pretty , ! i had totally forgotten that movie until now , i used to love it as a kid . i want to see your zombie courtesan costume ! well , two of my friends and i dressed as ... oh , no ! i've totally had nights like these where nobody was around and the people i wanted most in the world weren't around either . it sucks :[ i hope you're feeling better ! right now , i'm just ... time , time , time , time . and thoughtful / meaningful gifts . :] the enfp's silly switch . i don't think i've ever met another type that does this so well . one of my best friends is an enfp and he's just one of the funniest people i've ever met ! hahaha . such a cute movie :] you're welcome , and thank you ! unfortunately , i'm way too shrimpy to model . 5 ' 3 ! pencil , watercolour , photoshop ! thank you :] i hate feeling so much . what a babe ! ! ! you're gorgeous , lemons ! obnoxious jeans . :] how do we turn bad ? the process of ? i imagine it looks something like : 1 . pain that we cannot / choose not to handle , accept , and work through . in whatever form or fashion , be it injustice , ... : ahh your smile is so cute ! cake , cake , cake ! score pee yo .  my answer might not be the greatest one , so apologies in advance ! xd situation is a little different from yours when it comes to length . we were together for roughly the same amount of time before ... just some stuff i do to cheer myself up ! haha . i haven't done this in maybe 2-3 months , thinking of getting back into it again . they're nothing really deep , but i enjoyed creating , so . :] ... enfj just for reblogs : henioche . more personal : untitled . mcdonalds . i am a bad , bad person . :[ yeah ... you'd be best off making the first move . xd aww , good luck though ! it's kind of a chicken and egg situation because nervousness can be super super endearing if i already like the person . like hum said , i love seeing the little cracks in people , they suddenly ... yes . i take pains to . drawn out letters and everything , haha . er ... except i don't really say haha . i'm trying to think of a situation where i'd ever be ' reserved ' when i seriously like someone ... and i would only be reserved if that person is off-limits ( taken , sexual orientation , etc . ) . if ... lol ! damnit , i melted at the second picture ... any army with kittens is a serious thread . we will melt the enemy from the inside out ! hahahaha . i said i feel love / hate ! ! ! and still do ! ! ! you guys drive me insane = _ = . something like : attraction > intimidation > attraction due to intimidation > curiosity > prickly > ... argh , can't find it ! thanks for the input . i read on the socionics site , however ( just this morning , too - __ - ) this interesting article that said it wasn't as simple as that and there is no direct ... dowwwn to a t ( or an f . get it . har . yep , went there ) . for me it's like ... cold . cold . cold . cold . cold . annihilate with fire . i try as hard as i can to just not care about something that i ... hahahahahaha . this . i'm trying ! i really am ! peaceful , hopeful . you really do believe that everything is right somehow and that everything will be alright in the end . i only enjoy bars when i'm with friends . i don't care much for clubs - too sweaty / smelly / close contact / horny creepy dudes . in all honesty though , i am down for meeting cool people anywhere except ... okay . this has happened to me . not to stereotype entps , but yeah , same thing . just out of the blue , don't love you , but you're loveable ! bs . we're at a good place right now though , we are still ... ( surely somebody has already posted this one ... ) cult leader . hahahaha . this always happens , compliments are like drugs and they become drug rings ... thank you ! i'm looking at your avatar while reading that ... my name / your avatar are definitely synced ! i ... haha , love-hate sounds about right . this was interesting too - i read that the mbti intj is a socionics intx , so correct me if i'm wrong . nonetheless , this part really resonates with me : ... likewise ! you're incredibly pretty , nyfiken ! o___o ! ! ! awww :'] here , my heart's doing backflips with you ! <3 lolol . i will have your babies on the condition that you also ... now i have that song stuck in my head ... x_x annoying some wonderful nts , listening to music , being lazy in bed . the liiife . - proud tear - it took me 24 hours to grow ... so i've been lurking you guys / this thread ... and i've decided to contribute ... an obligatory ... to be as healthy as a hunza ! although i'm part asian , sadly i didn't inherit the super sleek shampoo ad quality hair . sob . so i have super thick wavy hair ... which usually doesn't look that good any other way than just down ... and ... decided i'd rejoin perc ! do you care whether somebody is being condescending towards you ? - only if it's done maliciously . if i know they don't mean it , i just shrug it off . are you condescending towards other people ? - ... it depends how important that person is ... or what expectations i have of them . if you're in a relationship with me , i will always hate it if you do not call / text back . it doesn't even have to be ... i'm sure it'll feel like heaven with you . it has for the past six years or so . sighhh . romance schromance . '