' for , honor nay read a description of anything that sounds interesting , and if it continues to sound interesting after that , continue reading . read some of the classic novels , short stories , epics , and plays . play ... ooops . double post . you can delete . hipster also the phrase in reference to humans : broken bone outside of body ( as in it pierced through the skin ) . green-blue , futon hummingbird intp : ok , so i thought of a few plans to get the jewels ... group : oh god , what is it this time ? intp : well , five of the plans need liquid nitrogen , 3 of them fireworks , 7 of them highly trained ... do geese have mates for life like ducks do ? i saw two walking together in the grass while walking to physics today ... i also wonder how many bananas it would take to kill you from radiation ... compare yourself with where you started from . look at how much more knowledge you've gained from that point . each person has their own trials and tribulations , so trying to compare yourself to ... a note i left on my team's google doc for codes we are using on our project . this is after i ' corrected ' the code to some of our member's data , and it wasn't matching the real model remotely . so , i ... just look at the count chocula entries . lady liberty and else island ( if you don't mind lines , go to else if you are interested in family history / american history ) , time square , gugenhiem ( spelling ? ) , central park ( imagine ) , empire state ... japanese . despite the need to learn 3 different alphabets , you don't have to worry about gender agreement , verb tense is easy , if you can pronounce the word you can spell it , grammar isn't too ... i'm too prideful of my self being or apathetic to social conformity to hide my xntp-ness . which makes me extremely lonely when it comes to sitting in a room with multiple friends who are talking ... frustration . the greatest adventures of sherlock holmes ( a collection of sherlock holmes stories ) . on deck is alice in wonderland . i think it's actually the 29th , but i like the question any way . god , like 30 or so ? i don't deal with most of them now ( different schools , moved , social circles , etc . ) , but i hang out with 14 of them on a weekly basis . and depends on what we're doing . somethings ... i am too well mannered and relaxed for my own good sometimes . i see a stream of people walking towards the door , i hold said door open until no one else is coming . i ask people i pass if they need ... i love this explanation . it's on par with how i think . especially the ne and si . ta : ok , so professor x will be here soon , so until then , you're in my world now . me : do you have friends on the other side ? ta : * points at me , smiles , and nods in understanding my reference * i'm actually in the same boat you are in . at first , i thought it was just me and i'd get out of it . now , i'm unsure what to do with my life . i'm failing one of my major classes , probably going to ... being alone in a crowd , and things that fly and buzz . freaking bees ... think about something else or do something i enjoy . clear my mind , then work on it again . a bit of play never hurt anyone . i'm a violinist and a violist , have a good ear for learning pieces or hearing pitches , and have some innate ability . i wish to learn piano and maybe arrange a few quartet pieces of video game ... because most of us don't give a damn about political correctness . i definitely don't unleash my true side until i know the person more . then , if i know they can handle it or if they've accepted me as one of their own , i start acting like myself . or if they are ... narcissism 16 % unconventionality 83 % empiricism 0 % i've been a black belt in teakwondo ( spelling ? ) since i was in either 6th or 7th grade . not that it can really apply to any fighting situation , but i was good at sparing . i've never had to use it , ...  yeah , i did always imagine a brilliant thunderstorm when listening to summer . that , and there are always a lot more thunderstorms during summer from what i've noticed . i've never had a so , but one of my best friends who i did like for a bit betrayed me . we were both single and he'd already turned me down before to being in a relationship and prom was in about a ... my parents both drove stick shifts when they were younger . especially my mom . she wants to steal my little guy away tnt also does one person in my rpg club . he also wants to steal it . but no , most ... depends , is it in english ? if it isn't used as its english equivalent , then it cannot be used . and this is why i hate playing scrabble with lit / english majors ... they say that i can't play ' otaku ' as ... i am my best conversation partner . nah , i think i'm in the goldilocks zone . thanks for asking though . god damn it , which one of us forgot to lock the door again ? this is like the fifth time this week ... shhh ... this is how my intj friend and i are going to take over the world . except i'm just going to build things all day and she's going to do all the work ... i have a lot of common sense . or ... well . i knew something was wrong with my head . don't know if it's add's revenge or a change in brain chemistry during one semester , but it's possible that i'm mildly bi-polar . and i don't have the ... introvert . they smell funny and are weird . [ / joke ] intj's judge more rather than perceive more . also , from what i've gathered from my intj friend , they are a lot more structured than we are , however , ... i'm about to go see a psychologist for the first time . my lack of motivation towards real life will hopefully come to an end . i will beat you , brain . ah , my apologies . i don't know what the best course of action would be then . maybe make your own website to display and have it link to either a facebook account or other social media outlet of your ... all of it . is there proof that he / she / it / they / [ insert pronoun here ] doesn't ? in theory you could , and for some it's already been hypothesized . you can use logical framework to prove anything , really . no . it's like schrodinger's cat in a way . once we observe the ... i feel like i should re-post this in the already ask the intp's thread , but i'm also going to post it here . in theory you could , and for some it's already been hypothesized . you can use ... ah . see , there's this pretty lake that's right next to my dorm and now that it's finally spring time around here , the geese have come back . they're pretty , granted , but they're vicious . ducks on ... then maybe the question when it comes to strengths / weaknesses is how long does it take for each type to realize their strengths / weaknesses in full ? meaning , how long did it take to realize both ... '