' i do this all the time in relation to people , and i always feel self-consious about it . like , why would i know or remember this insignificant fact from however long ago if there wasn't some ... haha ! that scene is great . oh , resident evil . the series that will never end ( although not nearly as bad as the saw movies-which have crossed the point of horror into just plain gore ) . it's funny ... estp , because i'm vain and just want to be mystyped myself . i believe at ivy league schools if your family's income is below $ 60,000 a year , you get in completely free . but you said your family is of normal income , then you might not qualify . it seems that ... bad hygiene . i think i can relate . there have been times , with my coworkers , for instance , before the shift starts , when i feel as though i'm contolling the conversation . everything i say can and will be heard , ... i loved the first underworld movie , and liked the middle two , but the most recent one kind of missed the mark for me ( i refuse t call those things lycans - they're more like overgrown rats with ... yes ! i love blade ! wesley snipes was perfect for that role . forget team edward or jacob , i'm definitely team blade . oh , denzel . he seems to have a broader range of roles he plays . one of my ... true . both actors are awesome . i always get it wrong when it comes to deep blue sea , like every time . even now , if i talk about it in an hour , i'll probably say morgan freeman again . it's also comic to see that , while breaking tropes , it started new ones . i mean , morgan freeman's awesome speech ? no one saw that coming ! now , everytime in a movie someone delivers a powerful speech , ... i love deep blue sea . i've always thought is was one of the few movies that deviates from the whole one male , one female survivor trope . also , for once the black guy ( or one of them ) lives at the ... i could suggest writing him a letter about the way you feel ( an email might have to do , but can tend to be a little more impersonal ) . it can be nerve-wracking , i know , but the way i think of it is ... i am most definitely obsessed with someone ( i basically have our future relationship planned out - ten different ways ) , and have been for the last two and a half years . it all started the very first ... i saw the picture before i read the text and the first thing that popped to mind was , ninja ! my two main staples are rock and roll and country . country reminds me of home and family , and rock and roll definitely speaks to me as an individual . actually , yesterday a couple of friends and i ... well , i can't really say i've been in absolute isolation , but i attend a small liberal arts college in new england , so there aren't many crowds present unless you seek them out . for thanksgiving ... 65561 i don't have any pictures of just my eyes ( although i have pictures of just one eye ) . i thought this pic would be best proportion-wise . i've definitely been told that i'm intimidating . as well as unapproachable and intense . it actually wasn't until last year that i found this out . a friend from freshman year was back after taking ... my logic is as follows : there's already too many damn people on this planet , which seems to be the root of most of our problems . not that i won't be torn up by letting 2 billion people die , but in ... 1 . i smell good ( i'll chop this up to good hygiene ) . 2 . i'm photogenic ( which is a double-edged sword ) . 3 . i'm understanding . 4 . i'm honest . 5 . i'm good at motivating people ( which i never see ... i want to have children and teach them how to make difference , by believing in something with pure , childlike innocence and defending it for all it's worth . i want a partner who will understand my ... my eyes change color , but over long periods of time , and its permanent . during my senior year of high school many people have commented that my eyes have gotten lighter ( they used to be dark brown ) , ... these parts , i have to say , really resonate with me . people usually think that i'm a goody-two shoes that will follow every rule blindly , but that is far from the truth . if it is a rule i see ... i feel more emotions for fictional characters , either those i read about of make up , than for most , if not all , people i know . i can generally get along with or tolerate anyone . but there are some people that are just black holes . they just have this whole defeatist , pity me attitude and it is just so draining . i just want ... i honestly can't stand small talk . when people ask me how's it going ? i usually just reply , fine , even if i've just had a shitty day , sometimes because they're on their way somewhere and i don't ... yeah , i usually don't like being told what to do . i'm more likely to follow through if someone mentions that something needs to be done and then i volunteer , rather then if someone just points at me ... i actually have a funny thing about lying . many people have told me that i'm honest to a fault . sometimes this is true ; i tell my manager when i accidentally clock in on a higher paying position ... if you're going to die , then die . if you're going to live , then fight . - emilie autumn my father had taught me to be nice first , because you can always be mean later , but once you've been mean ... 1 . what is your native language ? english . 2 . in which languages are you fluent ? why did you choose to learn them ? only english . i took three years of french in high school , but forgot in the ... i walk . a lot . just plug in my headphones and start going . sometimes i'll walk the trails over behind the athletic fields , or i'll just make loops across campus ( although this means i'm more likely ... '