' lol ! mañana ! erm , prince william & kate middleton started out as flatmates : then this happened ... ... hmmm , come to think of it , i've only just realised that over the years , i've had more interest off istj men , than any other type . i'm surprised at this , considering how ' different ' & ' opposite ' ... as a female infp , i have to admit , that for some reason , i've just never found a female estj friend yet , that i could ' click ' with ... i mean absolutely no offence to all you estj gals out there ... hello ... i'm sure other infps will start filling up this thread , with some more meaningful & in depth discussions for you , but two things came to mind , when reading your post ( hope they might be ... sorry , i know this is an old thread , but i this made me chuckle ... because i have a brother who is esfp ... back home , in england , he is considered to be very extroverted ... but , where he lives in ... lol ! ! : laughing : as for the united kingdom , i know the government has cut down a lot , on the amount of nurses from abroad , that it will permit to work here ( there have been a lot of job cuts , during the recession , in ... as for the united kingdom , i know the government has cut down a lot , on the amount of nurses from abroad , that it will permit to work here ( there have been a lot of job cuts , during the recession , in ... i also like slivovitz ... commonly nicknamed ' slip-in-the-ditch ' ... oops ... sorry ! didn't realise . i'm usually very sensitive about these things . my sister in law is from slovakia , but her cousin ( who also lives in london ) is czech . yeah , it's annoying when ... one lump or two ? i can send you some emergency rations of marmite ? ! aussies & kiwis in london are so much easier to talk to ... so laid back . not pretentious , it's so refreshing . conas atá tú ? i was born in wales , grew up in england ... and am part english , irish , welsh , scots ( & i think , according the ancestry.com , quarter sephardic ... but those relatives won't talk about it ) . one ... ahoj ! mám ráda borovička ! ! sorry ... couldn't resist ( something about swedish meatballs ? ? ! ! ) my favourite scene from the film-trading places by eddie murphy - youtube i love listening to anything with that has a really heavy bass ... ooer ! : shocked : i've only been to san francisco once , but was very striking just how cheerful & friendly people were ( compared to london ... bloody hell , i feel sorry for tourists over here ) . san francisco is a ... without naming the state and city ... hmmm ! just to be awkward , see if anyone can guess this place ( and yes , it really does exist , mwaahahaha ! ) . it's a very small island ( wiki says 2.10 square ... just finished war horse ( of course ... because a horse is a horse , of course , of course ) . now dipping into some dickens , our mutual friend . lucky hurst two intj males i know , as well as being fascinatingly intelligent , also have very piercing blue eyes ( wolf style ) ... that just turn me to goo inside : agreed ... so accurate ! ! - yes , i totally agree with your opinion ( i don't know any other infps , just a couple of infjs ... and i can't imagine any of us wanting to get involved in an open relationship . : shocked : - ... you poor thing ... what a shame it worked out that way ... sending you a huge infp cyberspace hug , xx intj father ixfj mother ( she says she's infj , but i see her more as isfj ) hahahahahaaa , i'm going to have to agree with this one ! ! ! 1 . when i was in my late teens , i wish i had been advised to always get a second opinion ... people have always made out the know ... i've worked in a couple of hospitals . i remember a conversation with a colleague in an oncology outpatients department . she confided that she felt a bit guilty / ashamed , that after working there for ... yesss ! ! ! an empty bucket makes more noise . on my mum's side : - 25 % irish - 18.75 % english - 6.25 % scots . on my dad's side , i had always presumed 12.5 % welsh and 37.5 % english ( with a touch of french , way back ) . however , the more i ... on my mum's side : - 25 % irish - 18.75 % english - 6.25 % scots . on my dad's side , i had always presumed 12.5 % welsh and 37.5 % english ( with a touch of french , way back ) . however , the more i ... dreamer , btw , cornwall is the loveliest part of england ! i'm plotting to escape the big schmoke for good and move down there , when i can . the people are much more chilled out there , big surfing ... ohhh ! i can relate to this ! i'm working in a call centre ( sorry , center ... uk spelling ! ) , and am very aware that my voice comes across as sounding much younger , over the phone to clients . you can ... totally understand this ! totally agree . well put . touché ! lol my istj ex dumped me last july . it was excruciating , because the tenancy to the flat we were sharing was in my name , so i had to wait for him to move out , before i could hand the keys in ( couldn't ... something amusing happened to me at work recently . there's an intj guy , who has never spoken to me . one day it was very quiet . i turned around and was surprised to see him staring at me . he ... i wonder if it might be something to do with an infp being able to love people in a very quiet , gentle manner ... in a way that isn't too terrifying or overpowering for an intj ? perhaps they can ... ooooh , i'd like to add to this ! apologies for for being repetitive , as i've posted loads of ' onegin ' examples on other intj-infp discussions ... the story is about a russian intj nobleman , who ... yes , you're absolutely right ! very typical infp behaviour ( will do anything to avoid conflict - it can even make them feel physically ill , not kidding ... that's why they'll run away ) . infps ... i'm so sorry siliconbuddha - my comment wasn't at all intended as a remark against you personally ( especially as you're enfp - i adore you all ! ! ) . i meant that this can be a problem with infps ... as ... as an infp female , i find both intj and enfp males wonderful . the problem is , when it comes to relationships , my deep seated desire is : a ) that the male is not just looking for a one night stand , ... oh dear ... i'm really sorry entangle . at the beginning of my post , i did say i wasn't sure if it was the right thing to say ( was trying to offer a different viewpoint , based on previous experience ) ... i'm not sure if this is the right advice to offer , but from my own experience of splitting up with a male istj , at the end he seemed to hate everything about me . this left my confidence in tatters ... ahhh ! apologies ... i see what what you mean . i really admire your courage , in trying to start handling the dreaded socialising , without having to resort to some ' dutch courage ' . personally , i'm ... erm , i'm not sure which part of the world you're based in , but in england it's considered quite ' normal ' to use drink while socialising ( all part of helping to loosen up that traditional repressed ... don't ( or try your best not to ) get angry with them ( or anyone else ? ! ) ... it could scare them off and they might avoid you afterwards . '