' today is ... like this . <3 matt elliott made a new album ... yisss . his previous album drinking songs impresses me musically but it's too twisted and despairing for me to actually listen to it , as i tend to be affected by ... aesthetics wise i'm too annoyed by the bad mixing to really hear the song :D . i agree with the lyrics that you have to be bold and take fate into your own hands , and be willing to take risks by ... hello there , i'm copypasting a post i've already sent on the infp forum . i'm wondering if i'd understand what to think of this better if i could bounce off my thoughts off other people . maybe ... for me , the biggest problem right now is not knowing when to stop looking . i have an ideal in my head that i'd like to find but at the same time i think that it's not realistic to even try getting ... a ' ' female version ' ' ? that's funny . then i'm guessing that your parents are romanian and russian and spoke english together , and that you lived in germany or france ? :D how did you get attracted ... it is an odd mix , for sure ^ ^ . it makes sense in the context of my history , though i suppose most people's circumstances don't align as conveniently as mine have . it's usual for a young european not from an english-speaking country to speak at least 2 languages because of the internet and compulsory language education . you're going to learn your mother tongue ... icy heart : haha ! nostalgia tripping ? :D aiming for the apple with a blindfold . ^ ^ i most like reading about tyrion , jaime , arya and sansa . tyrion is clever and fun to observe , and there's something very satisfying reading about an underdog outsmarting his opponents . i also like ... hahaha ! they're totally recognizable , which is unusual . i think it's the eyes . :D the way the girl is playing is adorable :D . so relaxed , so cute . infp . i wouldn't want to go in bed with a stranger , let alone touch them / let them touch me unless i was in some unusual state of mind : stressed out of my mind , drunk , disintegrated or out of ... my mom is the only person who regularly irritates me . she doesn't understand that i want personal space and boundaries . i'm usually not troubled by it ... maybe i'll growl a little and refuse to be ... please don't feel bad about yourself . it's perfectly ok to have needs , and i'm sorry their wants don't coincide with yours :( . it's unfortunate . the uncertainty in human relationships is pretty ... i wonder if part of it is that the reward from doing that is very abstract . you probably won't get to see the effects of your handiwork in the people around you , or society in general as the impact ... who do you spread awareness to and how ? do you know if amnesty creates a reasonable amount of results ? i'm curious because i've been interested in volunteering , and amnesty was on the list . i ... baby animals ! ! !  ... it depends on what i'm looking to do that day , but usually i tend to wake up feeling neutral . i too have low drive and don't care much about achieving this or that , but i don't mind what i get up ... kings of convenience slay me . i'm so disappointed i left italy right before their concert . it really touches me deep ; the atmosphere , the emotion , the ... i've returned to my hometown after having been away studying for three years . i'm surprised to see that everyone is so much more gentle than i remember . everyone is worthy of love . but the only ... for me it's not so often about idealism , because i prefer to live and let live unless they trample on some value of utmost importance . people always have reasons for their behavior , whether i agree ... i'm sure you'll find lots of people on the forum who like radiohead . i used to blast it on my ipod when i was in middle school and high school myself . ^ ^ me , i am here to complain that i put my ... eh , depends on what kind ... i'll say priest , for reasons . to know a painful truth or to live in blissful denial ? you ask in your first post for stories of people who have survived ptsd by changing environments , should i share my own story ? it would be rather long if i wrote it . i'm going to interpret some of ... i am very young and don't dare offer you advice in these matters , but i wonder how you're going to feel in 20 years , or even on your deathbed if you never change a thing : the present eventually ... too often i have a stress headache and a hurry to go here and there : i'm afraid i will fail at life because i dream too much and get nothing done , so i overcompensate ... but today i feel calm ... i had a long talk with a friend with whom for the first time felt like i was accepted for the things that are secret and i cannot describe ... because he knows : he knows what are desert places . i ... dear infp , what i would tell you ... should stay a secret . i know no other way . cheeky :P . maybe sometime - - * packs up and runs * for nicoloco 90 i can say that it seems to me the reason he says you were selfish is because you weren't taking into account throughtheroses ' possible feelings ( possible feelings because she ... oh - i hadn't actually thought of it like that . it's true that in my relationship too both parties cope differently . he's the one who has an easier time . he's an isfp type 9 , very immediate and no ... thank you for your kindness ... it's good to know that others have done it , or are doing it , because though i'm resolved i sure could use another helping of courage . * takes a deep breath * whew ! i'm leaving the country where i've been studying for the last couple of years . i'm returning to a country in which i have no place , which is the reason i left to begin with . i'm actually fine with ... oh no ! i don't mean that you gave a bad memory to me , but the teacher to you ! i imagined that you must have felt horribly dejected in that situation ( i would have . in fact it was quite a shocking ... ouch ! i actually winced when i read that > _ < . way to leave a bad memory . op : i am actually perfectly fine with being just the way i am . i think it's unrealistic to think that being a different ...  edit : i can't stoppp . i'm just wildly throwing these songs at the internet , kthx . * squees * i have sported both full feminine and masculine styles , and now i wear something in between because i feel like it reflects my personality ( or maybe mood ) best lately . in hs i had a buzz cut and i ... i'd like to recommend mutual benefit . it's quite unknown but i feel like i stumbled upon a treasure when i did find it , so why not share the joy ? it hits me right in the i , n , f and p . ;) ... i'm very much in my head , so physical release is not my go-to mode of enjoying myself . i'd much rather read a book or have a one-on-one conversation . however when i stop thinking so much i can ... i personally would dodge the question or be gentle but honest ... if they never asked i wouldn't volunteer something that would make them unhappy without a balancing reward in intimacy or ... i was observing a feather flying in air and felt it to appear helpless and in pain , buffeted by the merciless wind that twisted and turned it without a moment of true rest : the wind released the ... that's adorable . keep being you . :P that's great , i'm glad you feel validated . it's interesting that you say that it's as if i'd described you : i've never met anyone who shared my idea of amusement . i wonder what sort of shenanigans ... it's funny to see so many other infps with the same reputation because my nickname at school is actually fairy princess . i'm very bubbly with some of my friends and enjoy absurd ne humor , which ... hello there ! there's an old thread that might interest you here : ... i see looots of people above 140 here ... iq tests on the internet are notoriously unreliable - so much so that a hs textbook i had went out of its way to mention it . internet tests regularly ... wow . i just acted assertive towards a person i was intuiting to be wasting my time ... and it went well ! i saved my sunday evening and am able to do something i wanted to be spending my time on ... the strongest connections i've ever had have been with other infps . truly , with those people it was so easy that it felt as if i'd known them for a long time after the first few conversations . i've ... '