' when asked of the things you wish you did earlier ( i'm 32 ) , you find yourself answering : reading the complete works of dante alighieri . ( and bear once more complete bewildered looks ) . : crying : i ( rather ) enjoy watching sports on tv . i mean especially football ( soccer for you us readers ) . i can totally lost it if my team scores and the final result can often have ( deep ) effects on my mood ... i ( rather ) enjoy watching sports on tv . i mean especially football ( soccer for you us readers ) . i can totally lost it if my team scores and the final result can often have ( deep ) effects on my mood ... gustav mahler is my absolute favorite . there's absolutely no discussion . for the power , the heart , the passion , the kind heartedness he displays , all of them without any arrogance whatsoever ... what if the biggest scandal was not how people overuse this technology than what happen when they drop it ? yep , isfj too . ain't too strange for me , i think . what i need the most in relationships i found out was some kind of * s * j types , since the s side really helps me to enjoy the here and now which is ... thanks a lot ! : happy : i sure intended to pay lenghty visit ( s ) to denver art museum , but it wasn't really the case for the botanic gardens , which might sound and look very fine now ;) . colorado ... well , just asking this because i'm coming all the way from france in two weeks with two other blokes straight to denver for about 18 days in denver and colorado which we'll drive ( and walk ! ) around a ... 35 % creative 30 % intellectual 15 % advocate light test but i can't deny it sounds about right too ... first of all , i tried not to react too urgently to these kind of events and sort of let the emotions bubble go down before saying anything about it ( but some prayers for victims ) . and then i came ... yes , definitely ... i thought it'd get better with age ( i'm 32 now ) but i finally had to acknowledge maybe 4 or 5 years ago that this feeling just wouldn't go . some days are better than others but ... hi , just felt like starting a lighter thread ( or not so light ) , about how infjs deal with housekeeping ... myself , well , i wouldn't say i'm a master at it but somehow i like things to be messy ... well , according to socionics tests ( though i don't know what to think of the photo choice part ... ) your sociotype : eii - 1ne ( infj ) which would be infj ... well ... why not ... on the other hand : iei ... incredibly terrific at watching them ! used to play football ( er , soccer ) , enjoyed it a lot though i certainly lacked skills to play it at a good level , but the best was being a coach to young ... indeed pretty interesting ... and liberating in many ways ... funny how sometimes you have these moments where things seem to be coming to you in complete irrational ways . it's a blessing to receive ... overall , i somehow wonder if estj parents ( my mum's one of them though t / f is about 60/40 i'd say ) doesn't reinforce our infpness ... not to say that all estj will grow perfect infps offspring , but , i ... it's been while i wanted to do a thread about it , it being what i consider the most infpish book i've ever read ... naturally it hasn't been written with this purpose in mind , yet , all themes are so ... that might doesn't sound very infpish , but i'd say trying to meet more new people ... and overcome this bit of shyness / sadness and feeling of ( world ) pointlessness that can be quite crippling from ... maybe what your friend experiences can be similar to what's described in the first pages here : [ barbara bowers ] what color is your aura org i always felt there was such a thing to see in ... reading the name of the thread , immediatly this song came up to mind ! having a hard time answering the phone ... i'm just not into it ... i don't like ... ahah , even finding some distractions during a phone call with her ain't enough , most of the time ... it's still and i guess always be draining ... makes me think it's about time i grab somethin to ... i just can relate to this so baaad ... my mother's a full s , maybe 150 % , and she just can't talk about anything different but all that cr * p . it goes as far as i just can not stand a conversation ... then i have a very developped right-brain , considering my tendency to melancholy ! very interesting post , thanks . my cold ' s gone ! : happy : ( hmmm ... that's maybe 4 ) this is a great thread ( in all ways possible ! ) and i think the following link might explain my feelings / fears much better than i would otherwise . of course , it starts by the financial crisis / debt . i ... it's only this year i learned about mbti and the fact i am an infp . i say only because i'm 31 now , and i was straight away fascinated by it ( not that i'm 31 ... ) . it's been like an incredible ... i love it too ... when i'm home and it's raining outside , i usually open the windows to enjoy this soothing sound , open up a good book ( for some reason , this activity is strongly linked / connected ... as trivial as it may seem for most people , this is really a crucial question for me ( and for most infps i think ) . so very good question indeed . i would compare the need of quiet and silence a bit ... systemizing quotient your score : 43 empathy quotient your score : 64 autism spectrum quotient funny question , but nonetheless interesting ... i'd think that being a p makes me more adaptable to various situations and you obviously don't really care about breaking some laws of the code of the ... ... when the first thing you do when you moved to a new town was getting the library card way before getting into the dull work of having all those administrative papers done ... and get thrilled by ... ah ah , depending on my exact mood of the moment , that's a possibility i can't put aside ! ... :p roud : you go walk in the woods to enjoy a perfect alone , solitary moment in nature , preferably on bit of a rainy day so you're perfectly alone ( and to fit and enjoy your melancholy mood better ) , and then ... oh yes oh yes oh yes ! that's so totally me ... of course , i can enjoy social interactions from time to time ( and it can be good as long as you decide who to see and hang around with ) but mostly , it's ... point is success for an infp doesn't certainly have the same meaning than success for a enfj ... and i see no reason to give to success the different meaning that other give it to and that , almost ... it's not so much an advice here than somehow a regret that i didn't knew ealier i was an infp . only discovered it when i was 31 * , and god , retrospectively i can see so much how and why i reacted and ... what it says is ... the distribution of your scores type one : 16 type two : 18 i have such a perception of time that can be called relative that i feel i can be 16 , 50 , 31 or 63 and that it makes no real difference . i'm of course different than when i was 16 though ... anyway , ... such a great post ( how infpish ! ) , since , well , i love staring at my walls and roof ... do we have some kind conversations then ? hmmm , maybe , but the certainty is 1 ) you can't put this in words ( as an ... 21,600 words ... but i'm french , have never lived abroad despite few trips here or there and english is nowhere near my first language , so i guess it's not that bad and makes me quite above those for ... there was this funny link on the bbc site the other day that would sort of calculate what you think how many aliens worlds can exist in the universe ... it was very funny to do indeed and makes you ... 46239 by finnish artist magnus enckell . love that one ! you did all the free mbti tests you could find on the internet ... just for fun and in case you ever doubt of your infpness ... watching a movie or reading a book , and being totally and emotionnally immersed in it , and then you have your gf or anyone entering the room and ask you without any excue or warning a loud question ... i just have no real interest in it either and try to skip it as much as i can ... also , it's just that i can sometimes sacrifice myself being involved in small talks because you somehow can't avoid ... ... you have to get something in diy store and get a bit frigtened by not just by all the practical stuff you can get in such places but also by the people or faces you meet in there ; like you can ... it seems i just can't kill them ... alright , all of us infps may not like bothering too much about housekeeping and stuff , but i noticed i even have a hard time getting rid of their webs in the ... 5w4 ; 4w5 and 9w1 ; ( so tri-type 549 though it might as well be 594 - very close on the various tests i answered ) the descriptions of these types are amazingly accurate for me . i'm a type 5 , ... '