' thanks for the reply , skeptical . that makes more sense . frankly , i'm a bit * too * used to seeing the dark side of reproduction , working in criminal justice . you have a lot more going on ; excellent . i ... skeptical , please say there's more going on there . please say that you're not avoiding pregnancy because you're merely curious about an experience and you trust your husband to raise the new human ... the one-hit wonder shows up again in law school . but , yes , the list is way to long . it's not a summary , it's war and peace ... i have to respectfully disagree here : an intj can be very grounded in reality . you start seeing this more once high school--with its bizarre organizational structures and artificially imposed ... juris doctor from a tier i law school ; member in good standing of two bars . if you are thinking about law school and have any questions , feel free to pm me . it has its pros and its cons , but i'll try ... i'm in criminal law ; i won't give my exact job title on an open forum , however , as my work can involve some public visibility . i've also worked in it . i have a lot of black in my wardrobe . three black suits . lots of black slacks . even more black skirts . when i do wear a t-shirt , it's usually a dark color . like--you know--black . i do wear colorful ... realistically , i probably wouldn't give away more than 10 million , and that over a good length of time to charities that i deeply respect . i'm not including helping friends and family in the give ... mere assertions prefaced by a repeated conclusion . the quote provides zero facts to support its hypothesis . i find it wanting . a person is smart . people are dumb , panicky animals , and you know ... intjs--no matter how much we may tend to value logic--are human , and humans are the ultimate rationalizers . intjs can be racists . they can also be torturers , rapists , and thugs . type doesn't buy ... hanging out : hiking trails , libraries and bookstores , the occasional star trek convention , and work-related events . if i'm with other people , i also like to hang out at restaurants with international ... i'll start by noting that accusing someone of having a personality disorder is highly improper unless you are in a treatment relationship with them . i am sorry you experienced that . so do ... conscientious and idiosyncratic styles , hands down . too much randomness ! head exploding in 3 . . . 2 . . . 1 . . . . o . k . , i'm back . anyone want to discuss the finer points of corporate finance law or something ? just to clear the air ? i put nine . i'm not sure if problems would be the right world , though : more like a few big things hanging over my head that need to be done , like passing a certification exam for my job . but , ... huge question . my take on it is that limiting one's own or others ' true growth and / or connections to the deep self ( if you'll pardon a less-than-concrete term ) is evil and immoral . that pretty ... i'm the same way and am a confirmed intj . we've had this discussion in other threads , but the general intj descriptions are a bit off , imo--and other folks ' opinions too , apparently . one of the big ... i like the artwork a lot . absolutely gorgeous.the problem i'm having after reading about 30 pages is that i haven't been given a strong reason to care about the characters : there's tons of action , ... hm , i'd qualify ts not needing harmony . i've worked in some very inharmonious environments , and it creates huge amounts of inefficiency and backstabbing , which are quite anathema to a t soul ... meh about sums it up for me . i get paid to deal with some pretty bizarre conflicts and tense situations . since my job gives me plenty of authority to go with all the responsibility , i actually ... go with the flow seemed like the best choice , but with a qualifier : i can extrovert it up for a while , but if i'm with more than a few people and / or the conversation is not about subjects i find ... query : why is it selfish to not have a child on the basis of one's own personal convenience ? i'm curious about why i see women describing a choice not to have biological children as selfish . when a ... i'd guess introvert by the focus of your gaze and how you give off energy when you look at the camera . see wondering if you're an introvert ? wondering if your child is an introvert ? for where i'm ... for what it's worth , here's our d & d group in a nutshell : gm ( my husband ) - entp me - intj a fellow who tests intp ( and that seems to really fit , far as i can tell ) . a fellow who i would guess ... the perseus system take on intjs seems more appropriate to me : the hawk fits . i always thoughts of intjs as more raptors or solitary mammalian predators . navigating deep waters strikes me as more of ... hmm . i have female friend who definitely tests infp , time and again . she doesn't * want * to be infp , but it's there anyways . she comes across as very intelligent , but also very scattered . i know ... aranae , i am exactly the same way . even when i was a child myself and the pother girls were talking about the families they dreamed of having , i never wanted children of my own . the ... cheers and welcome ! first off : holy crow , that's broad ! : wink : i'm usually one for more a more focused analysis . not that i don't want plenty of room to explore options ( n ) , but my own i and j definitely make me more ... rp3 , this thread is about intj experiences with teen years . with respect : if you are a markedly a different personality type , your experiences are bound to very different than ours . not to step on ... rather like unbiased , i almost always test intj and i also use very metaphorical speech sometimes . just today , i was talking to some people at the office and describing the place as the death of ... the first reaction i have to the question is : mercifully long past ! being a teen for me was pretty much dreadful all-around , especially once i went to high school . i was socially oblivious , which ... interesting thoughts on family . i can't imagine growing up among emotive extroverts . for what it's worth , i basically came from the exact opposite environment : very emotionally distant parents , one ... i use it to indicate that i'm not on board with the racist and sexist aspects found in some of jung's original works . but then , i'd like to imagine that most modern jungians don't agree with that ... as an intj , i find that the earlier , extended drifts from the topic originally raised and the resulting lack of organization in the thread are pissing me off . : bored : to provide a more ... reality soldier nailed this . i'd just add that the intj might be the one who is * particularly * annoyed about being stuck on a group project to begin with ... speaking from personal experience , at ... basically , i'm a neo-jungian panentheist who attends a unitarian universalist church . and , yes , that * is * the simplest descriptor i can give you . : wink : lol , could be . if by hippy you mean a bit new age , then it would apply ( there are parts of the general new age philosophy i agree with , and others that i very much object to , however ) . i have a ... good questions ! i'm fine with objective criticism in its place , as long as it's done politely and is goal-related . i'd be a pretty ticked if i was sharing amateur artwork and someone started laying ... well , it started at age six going on seven when i first saw carl sagan's cosmos on tv and became obsessed with astronomy . a seven-year-old waxing on about neutrinos ? pretty nerdy . i read a lot of ... i find that most of the profile is not too , * too * far off . here is my take on it : interesting idea , re . hating feelings . on one level , i get that . there's this whole social construct around the concept of feelings that basically boils down to endorsing mushiness and non-critical ... i'm struggling a bit with type , especially functioning type in the outside world ( e . g . , how one operates in a work environment ) versus core preferences . per another thread in this sub-forum , i took a ... i'm going to counter that there's no perfect personality type for schizophrenia . i grew up with a schizophrenic mother ; sure , you can talk about things like small bouts of paranoia or a ringing in ... great question , myn . to add to your data set , i play piano by ear , sing alto in a choir , and compose songs . usually the songs are sarcastic little things that i make up when i'm stuck in traffic , but ... sorry , even for purely theoretical discussions like this one , that question is way outside of any areas that i've practiced in or seriously studied . just a general thought : maybe you can try ... signing off on an employee manual can make policies binding , though there are can be caveats and exceptions to explore . but the main thing to bear in mind is that every state except montana is an at ... hm , glad it's not just me . i get a lot more excited about meeting a new cat than i do about meeting most people . i've also noticed that true animal people tend to be much more interesting and ... i prefer the term spiritual over religious , as it's a slightly less weighted word . still , you could call me religious . i'm an active member of a church . unitarian universalism , to be precise ... mccoy to the recently deceased and resurrected spock : you really have been where no man has gone before . tell me , what was it like ? spock : i could not begin to discuss the subject without a ... '