' 1 . let everyone believe they're dealing with someone harmless and naive . 2 . collect immense amounts of data on chosen goal in the background . 3 . blitzkrieg . how would you tell apart an estp from an entj with underdeveloped ni ? i am excited . i just got out of a successful meeting with a high profile executive who agreed to be my mentor . glad i chose the high risk , brutally honest approach rather than faking it . this is ... you're dangerously close . it was about drugs . taking notes . you have already received some good advice . being direct is the best way forward with an entj . in such situations i seek opportunities to spend quality time with the person and get to know them ... dear self , you should have known better today . sitting in a meeting with 15 scientists and being the only representative of the commercial function is a recipe for disaster . in doesn't matter ... nah , hypocrisy 1993 is way more painful . strikingly accurate in my case . i can really relate to the only knew 40 % of who i was thing . i used to think of it as a kick-ass superpower - how independent i am compared to others and how ... i've been there . it is not ambition you lack , but meaning . there is no way you feel excited about something you see no meaning in . try a structured approach to this . imagine you wouldn't have to ... thank you for sharing . this was quite interesting . i can definitely relate to most of what you've written , especially the mundane issues . do you dislike making decisions or : 1 . their step by step implementation ? 2 . the consequences of being wrong ? in private life there is no way i would let anyone override my decision-making ... it is a common misconception intps are indecisive . people often forget we have a dominant judging function . where we are truly indecisive is in close relationships ( weak fe ) . unfortunately , this is ... the best way to buy independence . and an intp can never have enough of it . i will leave aside the fact you were in a relationship with someone and you mistyped them to such an extent , as the two types are quite different . saying an infp was less of a robot than intp's is ... interesting question . this is a consequence of being a 5 and what drives 5 ' s in general - independence and authenticity . i am an intp 5w4 and my former manager was an infp 5w4 - while we shared a ... with my istj partner - breakfast , lunch and dinner are efficiently cooked and served at the same time , wonderful healthy meals , everything gets meticulously cleaned immediately afterwards . only the ... masturbation is fine as long as you bring it to a glorious end . however , please do not extrapoleate the outcome .. all over the rest of us . otc drug brand : i ambivert ® active pharmaceutical ingredient : 2000mg illusion indication : instant relief for introverts who wish to believe they are more socially skilled than they actually are ... it depends on who is asking . also , mbti is all about preferences , not ability . buying into something without evidence - sounds like intmission impossible . this doesn't sound like an intp , especially the projects and controlling nature you described . it is worth double checking his type . you can't treat ti in isolation , as its downsides directly relate to supressing underdeveloped fe . it is when fe isn't strong enough that ti gets overused - in such cases ti is the only ... spot on . the only difference is i practice purposefully , especially before presentations and important meetings . be more specific and share your case if you would like any useful comments . otherwise it's a guess game . if something contradicts my principles , i will not do it - it doesn't matter who the request ... your gaming style : action-oriented , ambitious , competitive , and deeply immersed there's plenty of complexity and strategic thinking in my job , so i ... one should never be proud of anything that isn't a direct result of their efforts and hard work . you could be grateful if you like , but this is as far as i would ever go . one of my biggest crushes to date has been an infj . for a long time i thought he was an intj ( he thought so too ) , but then got typed correctly . i seem to be into ni-doms , but infjs just top it for ... i thought i would comment on this , as i used to employ the same tactic for the exact same reasons . i was quite convinced this weeds out all the not interested / good / courageous / masculine / adjective of ... one more vote for infjs . a mature one is : 1 . very heavy on ni to grasp even the darkest subconscious aspects of complex problems and then suggest a simple for the patient explanation and ... i don't identify , i am great at both . if i were not , i'd have no clue how on earth i would otherwise flirt .. are you sure you are an intp ? there are way too many people in your avatar and one of ... seconded . personally , i don't believe there is such a thing as an ambivert . the differences between intps and intjs are quite significant . we do not share any functions at all and the proposed test ... intps are extremely individualistic - we have our own opinions and more often than not we have spent much more time constructing them . the reason it takes us more time - the data backing up each ... make your interest blatantly obvious . so obvious he would not be able to overanalyze his way out and convince himself he is imagining it . then leave it up to him to make the next step . if i were him , ... we have a pattern . for the sake of precision , you should now rename your thread to : people who annoy intps ? mature human beings do make compromises in their relationships . no one exists to fully accommodate your personality or meet all your needs . compromising yourself , however , is a whole different thing ... great band ! currently listening to train schedule announcements .. the weekend is on and i'm going to the british countryside ! one of our directors made an epic freudian slip , while presenting in front of hundreds of people yesterday : we have a fantastic stragedy - now it is up to you to execute it ! i was the only ... summary report : five minutes of my life wasted . one more vote for estp . i actually found the lack of n quite painful . come on now , this is like pulling the plug on the colosseo . don't all alphas come in beta version ? well , i do know an estp or two who never got the entj patch booting , so you might be onto something ... this and the predictability of potential replies lead me to believe you are just pulling their leg ;) 323410 dear enfj leadership development manager , you are yet another mbti-certified self-proclaimed hr expert with a vague job description . i am tired of going through the same tests , personality quizzes ... i do appreciate your thinking behind wording , but it was precisely that which set the alarm . when you go as far as saying a type is your archenemy and you consciously steer clear of them , that should ... you definitely sound like a young intp to me . you say you are not good at self analysis , but your post demonstrates otherwise . ne undermining your plans , your weak fe , the slippery morals due to ... plenty of assumptions and beliefs , but no examples of real life experience . how many confirmed xnxps do you know in real life ? how did you reach these conclusions ? unanalysable perfection with a mystical human touch . think of martha argerich or vladimir horowitz playing rachmaninoff piano concerto 3 . looks are important , they serve as a basic filter . however , what attracts my attention does not necessarily keep it . once the filter has done its job , it is indeed all about personality . welcome to the forum : ) '