i've spent years trying to learn how to be productive . i tried to use an add-on on my browser to block out time wasting websites . it worked for a couple days , then i just ended up disabling it . i've ... one of my closest friends is an istp ( pretty sure , haven't tested him ) . i knew him for 5 years . i believe he is one because he does the disappearance act a few of you have mentioned . it never ... that's how i feel . being put under certain circumstances , i had to stop hanging out with friends . i had to focus on school . at first , i thought it sucked . i worried about not being up to date , ... exactly how i feel . i like that i treat people the way i want to be treated , despite being treated poorly . i like that i strive to be a better person everyday . that's exactly what i needed to hear , teddy 564339 . i have been frequently rejecting his recommendations in anime and other tv series , all of which he's interested in ( gets really into it ) . it's ... sorry , i have bad memory so i couldn't just remember what he said > . < . however , not to long ago i had a small conversation with him online and this happened . we were playing call of duty and were ... there's more , but i can't remember where to find them ( or what ) . he's taken the test several times and has gotten isfj and he fits the description of one . he has great memory and is very giving . teddy 564339 that's what i was thinking , that i might have said ... i'm going to be real general here . i might be missing important details in my story so feel free to ask . anyway , my friend is an isfj . we get along pretty well , but some of the things he does just ... all the time . my awkward story took place when i was walking to class . i was late and was trying to get there as soon as possible when a guy goes up to me and asks if i wanted to join a bible group ... yes . yes . i have always felt this way . i do this thing where i'll be completely serious , suddenlyspazout , then revert back to my calm demeanor . my inner child will leak out from time to time . i have ... it looks extremely fun . i lost my innocence in middle school , when it became apparent that neither my parents nor teachers could protect me from the world . this meant bullying ( physical and verbal ) and harsh truths . i agree with your post . i just have trouble deciding if i should care about whatever's being said or not , that's all . as for boundaries , i should set some . although , friends tend to test those ... okay , sooo i know isfps can be a sensitive bunch . people say a lot of things to / about me and i just learned to laugh at myself . i usually don't care about what they say . but sometimes , they walk ... i have the same problem . easiest solution is to spread the workload . spend at least 2 hours a day should do it . yes , it sounds awful but i usually feel great after . it will reflect on your test ... i laughed when i imagined a whole group of isfps zoning out at the same time lol . i would like to change my name to ' gravity ' , please and thank you . or if that's taken , ' xgravity ' sorry . i wasn't paying attention . if you keep thinking you are depressed , that's how you'll end up . - i feel lonely and unloved all the time , even though i know friends and family love me ( i have to remind myself of this most of ... i had trouble understanding the arrangement of functions , like your dominant , auxiliary , etc . what i mean by that is determining the order of functions of a type ( by reading the name basically ) and ... i've read the articles on this website and i have trouble making connections . i know broken bits of information but i don't understand them fully . i can't find patterns and i just see them as ... i lie on my back , put my hands under my head and my eyes scan what's above . my bed is the best spot . have you ever thought why you never told anyone ? that if you told someone , they would think differently of you ? of course , there are things that you shouldn't tell people . you should know if or ... the reason for him not initiating the conversation is because he doesn't want to bother you . he doesn't know whether or not you want to talk to him . but when you're doing the initiating , he knows ... the best way to get him motivated would be to tap into his feelings . my dad is an entj , and from our relationship , i think i can help identify some of your problems . i've come to the ... yes , i am a crappy driver . sense of direction ? unheard of . i just happen to drive around the same places . i don't like driving far because that means i have to use the freeway . i have a fear of ... ... you skip certain threads because you don't have the immediate answer and / or they require too much thinking to answer , although being quite capable of doing so . edit : when you find yourself ... i wouldn't tell anyone , of course . i would secretly help friends and family with their debts , which would mysteriously disappear . i'm not interested in living lavishly , and i'd much rather prefer ... yes and i would be impatient , ill-tempered . i would make no effort to interact . i would cave into my emotions . i only like the horror films with good plots . i haven't seen any good ones lately but i have seen the japanese versions of the ring and the grudge the other day ... couldn't help but laugh at how ... i hate not being able to to think logically or spontaneously . as a result , people tune you out because they think you're a complete idiot . that makes sense . so i guess i'm hardly ever using the left side of my brain ' cause spawning a conversation feels impossible for me . i find it plenty easier to talk about memories / the past because i ... i say so what if it's childish . as long as you are satisfied , why not ? the plans i make with my friends almost never surface because we are low on funds , our ideas are too far-fetched , or we are ... although your dad may have left on a bad note , don't blame yourself for what's happened.think of all the good times , and not about his passing . be thankful for his being . i don't have any real ... ~ it helped me understand myself and the people around me . ~ it's taught me how to be rational , and has helped me handle certain situations appropriately . ~ it helped me realize i'm not alone , ... making stuff for the hell of it , drawing , basketball ( fav ) , bowling , riding my bike , listening to music , collecting random shit with sentimental value and lately , monopoly . yeah , growing up i did daydream . maybe a little too much . nothing really ever happened the way i wanted it to be so naturally , i'd space out . i could literally daydream for hours on end without any ... i wanted to be a garbage man . well , i only said that as a kid to make people laugh lol . i really wanted to be an artist of some kind but i never got too serious about it . as of right now , i'm ... did you read the book ? haha no jk , but i understand where you are coming from . my teacher once told us to get into groups and ask critical thinking questions about a film we watched and i ... no worries about the whole type thing . if you can post it , then there's no reason why you shouldn't . if you ever decide to take another shot at cannabis , you might want to do it in a comfortable ... isfps tend to be oversensitive . i think of it as a no-one-is-out-there-to-get-you type thing than someone meticulously planning a penetratingly accurate ( lol ) insult . life doesn't always revolve ... moulin rouge , too . favorite film of all time is finding nemo . used to watch it so many times ... because i didn't have netflix at the time and it was the only movie i had ( other than stuart little ) . runner-ups would ... lmao . i feel bad for laughing at that haha . and yeah , i feel better now after calling them . whist : thanks for the advice . i didn't think of it that way . i've been feeling down lately and was wondering what you guys do to cheer yourselves up . i'm feeling totally non-existent right now . for the past several weeks , i've been practicing driving with ... probably because we are so used to not talking , that we don't realize how loud we are talking when we do talk . we don't get enough practice , which could explain why we speak at different ...