' current project i am working on . still a work in progress . this will be a backdrop for a 40 ' s themed photo . 327186 it could be that being fairly feminine in nature causes me to be attracted to more masculine and rugged person . which can easily equate to being rough , loss of control , and a strong dominant ... yes i agree that from my experience infps tend to be emotionally needing and taxing . i have also found this to be true with enfps , though i tend to feel more exhausted by an enfp . their energy can be ... as an infp woman i can answer that with a resounding yes ! ! ! yes ! ! ! and so much more :) sent from my iphone using tapatalk yay that was awesome ! ! thank you for putting it together monsieurmelancholy yes ! i'll play with anyone at this point , whose going to jump on my see saw ? ? ? kaychivers lol reminded me of this parody . take a deep breath and relax . you are getting yourself really worked up over a bunch of ' what ifs ' . quit over analyzing the situation , because it is just going to become a bigger monster in your ... speaking as an introvert , i can say that i am not depressed when i am by myself . quite the opposite . i feel most comfortable in my own thoughts , without anyone to disturb them . depression would set ... i do not know much about the various enneagram types , so i am of no help there . :) i do know that entp's are pretty awesome , but you already know this . welcome aboard ! do aliens play video games ? all real threads , posted exactly how they were written , for your enjoyment ... i think he looks like a ruined gargoyle write a letter to someone who will never read it pigs ? are you stuck ... dear michael , we have been friends for a very long time . i would like to think that the friendship is valued on some level . i am sure that in your own way you do appreciate our friendship ... this whole post just tickled my funny bone . infp : creating the quintessential world , one daydream at a time . wide . awake . :d ry : yep i keep reading that he is an entp . i try to make a game out of it . for me what works best is having my significant other impose rules for me . he will check in to make sure that i am doing them . ask for progress . if i am not meeting my ... we are so in our own head , that we fail to see the little details around us . i do this type of thing all the time . yesss ! blahhh ... :d ry : that is all . honestly if you two are happy and it works for you both , why does it matter how it is viewed by others ? personally there are many things about myself that may appear one way and are something else ... this reminds me of a video i watched the other day . it sums up how i feel about being an introvert fairly well ! haha go for it stace :) night two and i feel myself sinking deeper . i am pulling myself out of this . i will not sit home a second night crying in an empty room . time to wipe my tears , put my big girl panties on , and face my ... i took that test as well and got very clearly infp lol extraversion people who prefer extraversion tend to focus on the outer world of people and things . e 0 21 * high five ! * : cool : also i had a kitty named cricket ( cat in the avatar picture ) . he passed away about 4 months ago :( he got out of the house and we have a lot of coyotes around here . my relationship with him was much ... i have one dog named loki . he is a rhodesian ridgeback / german shepherd mix . i have had him since he was 5 months old and he is 11 years old now . he is my baby and my shadow . he follows me everywhere , ... yesss ! i am an infp with a 7w6 and i can completely relate to this . i cannot tell you how many times people tell me i am an extrovert or try to tell me i am an enfp ( if they know myers ... yep i have experienced this as well . so i try extra hard not to be that way with other people . i generally am not very jealous unless given a reason to . if your actions and words do not mesh up , ... ... also the feeling of wanting to rip the phone cord out of the wall when it rings . haha go away , i'm reading . i do not know what i want and really need to figure it out before i go any deeper . i have walled myself up , and i feel myself starting to pull away . last night i cried for a while , just to get it all ... i would be shocked and then humored . i would try to engage in conversation to see how it would interact with me ... and then i would call my closest friend ( who is an intj and my reality checker ) to ... there is nothing worse than feeling put on the spot by an extrovert to express your thoughts , feelings , or to come up with something to do . seriously dude , can we just chill ? also , how much ... that's why god invented text messages . even better my new recent addiction glide for those times that only video messaging will do ! i am far more likely to respond to a text message than a voice ... it's called ' apathy ' and for it happens when i can no longer handle all the feeling and thoughts raging inside me . my brain begins to shut down and i just become a detached observer of reality . please explain to me in essay form , 500 words or less , just how cuddles and cats are logical ! * this should be interesting * lol you really have never met an infp before ? then you are not exhausting us . :) absolutely . small crowds , thought provoking and intense discussions , cuddle , let us get to know you on a really deep level and actively seek to understand us . take a genuine interest in our thoughts ... yes ! i have two very close friends who are both extroverts and they exhaust me to no end . i figured it was just me , because i need time to gather my energy . both of them are a lot of fun , but ( omg ) i ... i cannot speak for others , but for me it can be both useful , distracting , and overwhelming even at times . useful , because it gives me insight into how others feel . i can feel what they feel a lot ... haha but only be yourself if you are adorable . :P what is so attractive about an introvert when you are an extrovert ? wouldn't someone who wants to sit at home reading all day long bore you to ... : laughing : conflicted , confused , pensive , and unmotivated : frustrating : you entp's are so funny ! so how do we get you to express more of those feeler type things ? i love seeing you guys come out of your emotional shells . i mean we all know you are funny , witty , and ... i would say that it is not realistic for a moderately depressed 18 year old to have a healthy and non creepy paternalistic type relationship with a 35 year old . i could be wrong , but i'd place my ... '