' thank you for sharing your experience . i relate in the sense that i have attended church and interpreted the bible not so literally , but had the desire to educate myself and believe that using it ... i like your blatant misrepresentation of what i said . i'm not going to waste my time with you anymore . i apologize for my brevity but i actually see your point with the first thing . and i want to clarify that my belief is a loose one , and i don't preach it as definitely true . i do think it's possible ... you're an ironically angry christian , has anyone ever told you that ? or are you only playing some sort of hothead character because you think it makes you look tough ? ah , so , because an atheist does ... it seems as though you're unintentionally implying that because it is not known , it can not possibly be know , which is of course irrational . that , or you believe that you already have knowledge of ... this may be a bit unrelated but as much as i disagree i find this kind of cynicism attractive . my girlfriend is also markedly cynical in this aspect . i believe that people can believe in god for ... it seems you're avoiding the actual question . all i asked was why you thought life would be meaningless without a god , or as you say , under an atheist paradigm . but you continuously fall back on ... although i am not an encyclopedia , i had assumed you'd know or be clever enough to look up what satanism is . satanists worship themselves , in short . it seemed a lot more likely to be the intention of ... aww , it's sad to see a wilted , cynical entp . so , if i am understanding correctly , you seem to believe that people are completely self-interested . overall , i actually agree . however , it still fails to ... can you please explain for me why morality can't exist if god doesn't exist ? why does the nonexistence of a god necessitate that love isn't real , and what is it about chemical stuff in the brain ... let's clarify what a straw man is . in attempt to defeat an opponent's argument , one will create a representation of the argument which is not accurate to the intentions of the arguer being ... satanism sure is sexy , but don't you care in the event that there is an actual god ( creator of the universe ) ? hi , op is back . i just saw your post after reading the chain of new ones preceding it , and if you look at my most recent responses , you'll see that i answered your question recently , in response to ... a question can not be valid or invalid , as they do not have truth values . it is only statements which attempt to answer questions which can be either , so your nice little rant was a waste of time . so do you mean to tell me that we can not be sure that 2 + 2 = 4 due to a lack of absolute knowledge of all things ? fallacy of equivocation . the way in which you use god here is different from the way in which i intended . allow me to clarify : a creator of the universe . what is it that leads you to be so sure you can't know ? curious on your thought process . i'm sure there's some degree of merit to nlp , but your repeated displays of spite towards anyone who disagrees are not helping you convince anyone of that ! while i agree with the second premise of nlp : , the conclusion that true knowledge / certainty about objective reality can't be attained , i believe , is false . it's pretty hard to argue that ... to add onto this , my speech professor said to us that all communication is persuasion . written by chris langan who allegedly has one of the highest i . q . ' s ever recorded and claims to have never met anyone he thought was smarter than him , he summarized in an interview by saying that we ... there's not enough information out there to be able to accurately assess her mbti without knowing her personally . def . like the japanese standards for men . guys look best with long hair and girls with short hair ! <3 can you please post the recipe you used ? :D that looks splendid ! i'm an entp and it's completely accurate except i'm probably more like 40 % sexual and 40 % lovable , 20 % romantic . but the capacity for sexuality , romance , and lovability ( which i assume is raw ... hello , my dear , intelligent glimmer of self-awareness amongst a sea of misguided fools with tragically stifled potential . you sound very much like my younger self , so i like you . here's my ... i agree , truth is definitely by definition not relative . i said most ! i think some of the people who voted truth actually tend to be more relative , but of the people who voted relative they're ... of course most people will vote truth - no one wants to admit that their personal beliefs may not align with reality ! i'm an entp who is predominantly read-write / visual , but i'm auditory when it comes to reading complex essays , ( it helps to hear or say it aloud , ) and i'm visual & kinesthetic when i'm learning to do ... childish is exactly right . there is no excuse for allowing one's self to get mad over a differing opinion . anger is a petty emotion , and i think we are capable of controlling not only how we respond ... : ) lol ! sorry , i'm monogamous ! :P lol why would i delete my account just because someone challenges me ? anyone is free to be wrong , but it's not going to bother me ! besides , what would be the point of discussions if people always ... careful , you might be sounding a little too typist for their liking . also , out there - just taken . by a girl . lol . you're welcome to argue with yourself if you'd like , though . that goes for anyone else who got offended . or maybe people just shouldn't be triggered by different opinions . we have control of our actions . i'm tired of this discussion , though . ah , well . it's a good thing that i have yet to meet such people , if they do exist . yet something tells me you assumed i made those broad assumptions despite that i said nothing of the sort . oh well . i realized that high-functioning cognition = intelligence , but refrained from saying it lest i be berated more for being pretentious . ahh i see what you meant , thanks for clarifying . ohh you meant generalizations about each type , such as the one i made regarding depth of thought , correct ? i actually agree with you and thank you for providing this insight . i only said it in one post but i actually apologized for my initial wording at one point in how i used the term shallow , but it was ... most people don't like to consider the possibility that they might be wrong . that's why they stay wrong , more often than not . i am not afraid of being wrong , because i know that i can never be right ... you're right that a lot of premises are missing . that's because they're implied . how does value imply meaning ? the answer is tautological : it's in the definition of value . if people have intrinsic value , then at least one thing in this universe has meaning . in order for something to have meaning , it's true that it has to be assigned by an outside entity . so , the only ... i was actually thinking about this last night - perfection can't be possible for a lot of reasons , but i found it funny how i find the idea of a perfect world boring - which creates a contradiction ... me too . tbh it would be quite ironic , wouldn't it ? i really don't have anything to concede on . i think every that can be said has been . concede that i am a typist , meaning i apparently think some types are superior to others ? if i agreed with all of you on that , i would be lying . and even if i did , you will still all remain ... i'm actually terrible at genetics because the detailed part of genetics , or chemistry , just bore me to no end . i get your point of view but you're really not listening to what i've said in total . you ... every s-type i have known , when i would talk to them about certain topics , it was like hitting a wall after a certain point b / c the type of thinking i was doing just didn't interest them . on the flip ... '