daphnedelrey do you think this would be a bad time to read the great gatsby ? haha or the opposite ? like learn from his mistakes . cause i don't want to end up like him . actually i think this break up is a blessing in disguise . who knows what could have happened if she broke up with me in 6 months time . i can't imagine what i would have been like , probably even worse ... holy shit you are so wise . everything here is true . i can't believe i've mistaken love for need all this time . i don't even know what love is . and no , if someone crossed a line with me i wouldn't ... i want to leave her alone but whenever she talks to me i just want to talk with her . i feel like if i don't talk to her she would just leave my life , just like that even though she's told me that she ... i think it's because it was my first relationship and it just happens to be with someone really special , which is always a bummer . she has no idea i've been like this though . she does really care ... alright i get it . i didn't realise that i was being crazy , it was all unconscious and you have brought it to the surface . no need to rub it in . i feel like a horrible person as it is now and i'm not ... thank you so much for this , honestly . you're right about everything . fuck . i appreciate your comment and i understand everything you said . please read the rest of it ? could it change your advice ? i posted this in the relationship section too but please don't move it as this is still an all kinds of advice section right . please mind the cringy , romantic writing . if you find it hard to ... right i was just wondering if you fellow isfps & esfps have developed or know of any good ways to get to know extroverts and just people that you meet at a social gathering that you like and want to ... thank you so much for the explanation , a couple of days ago i was looking for a good definition of these loops and i'm so glad about this . is there any specific threads about fi-ni loop ? i just ... haha yeah totally . when i'm with logical friends we hardly ever talk about our feelings but about fun things to do , we play chess , i swear we are all obsessed with chess . jeez the endless days where ... those are very hard questions for me to answer . plus i randomly decided to go back to school ( british college ) last week so i just turned up at the class with my guitar because in my head i thought it was a good idea to just go there , play the ... okay here's more info . this girl kind of helped me release something in myself that just made me feel so energised and happy to make the most of a situation and opportunity . i might have been in an ... damn i can't multi-quote but my answer to this could be in my reply to yippy :) the came from me , she kind of helped me release something in myself that just made me feel so energised and happy to make the most of a situation and opportunity . i might have been in an fi-ni loop ... isfps are fi dominant too so it's 50/50 surely . right where to begin . i met an isfp girl and she has either brought out the isfp in me or made me hate the infp in me . we went out and i felt like an isfp . she broke things off and now i feel like an ... right where to begin . i met an isfp girl and she has either brought out the isfp in me or made me hate the infp in me . we went out and i felt like an isfp . she broke things off and now i feel like an ... so there is only one major x-men character who is an intj ? that sucks . x-men days of future past baby ! i love beast's glasses ! spoilers ! i saw the amazing spider-man 2 . i thought it was very good :D it has made me happy . 7/10 back to the future ( my favourite film : tongue :) good will hunting ( i'm fascinated by geniuses , even fictional ) the truman show ( my favourite philosophical film ) terminator 2 ( imo the best action movie ... yeah me too , i saw godzilla tonight . it was a bit slow at times but otherwise good . 7/10 for me yours is much better man . i didn't go into nowhere near as much detail as you , like no detail actually . i wanted my thread to be fun most of all and there are some funny superpowers in the comments ... for some reason though it's not letting me go anywhere on the site . i created an account but whenever i press ' ' search animated gifs ' ' or ' ' create animated gifs from youtube videos ' ' it doesn't take ... thanks but it's not that one . it's from matrix reloaded when he is stuck at that train station on his own . he jumps down onto the train tracks and runs through the tunnel to come out of the opposite ... one of neo from matrix revolutions where he is running in a loop in that train station . know what i mean ? i don't play video games . i was talking about the song , it wasn't to my liking but i appreciate it , i don't know anything about the game . speaking of epic , do any of you like epic music ? like ... in my signature hey people , where do you find all your gifs , like any specific website ? i'm looking for a really specific gif to put in mybut i'm not sure if it exists , i can't find it on google : unsure : : tongue : i got chased by the incredible hulk . i was walking up the stairs to the top floor where mine and my step-brother's room is and i notice that the door of his room is 2/3 of the way open . well i ... heavy video game music . how about this for a good video game soundtrack song ⇩ are there any books which you came across later in life which you wish you read when you were a teenager or in your 20s that would have benefited you greatly with such things as teaching you ... ^ the beginning sounds like it would fit great in a rocky movie : tongue : cool song :) have you guys and girls heard of new order ? i love ... : tongue : there are still other questions but i will save them for another time , just so to not annoy you all . thanks a lot and good night : happy : you're all great people : happy : it worked :D okay this is just a test for multi-quoting :) okay thanks a lot you people :) also , it's not letting me multi-quote . i thought that i just had to press the multi-quote button on the posts which i wanted to include in my post but it's not ... i'm so confused : crying : isn't there a shortcut ? no way i have to write that in every time just to post a photo ? is that what i did in the comment above you ? cause the image didn't show up : sad : where is this option though ? i clicked on insert image ' before