' i was going to say whiney ' something else beginning with f ' but i figured it might offend someone so i decided to exercise what i was trying to preach in my post :) hopefully it worked . do dornish girls count ? i often upset people in a similar way but they now are so used to it , no-one takes me seriously any more which has its advantages in the fact that its difficult to offend people when then constantly ... i enjoyed ' i heart huckabees ' , its quite a simple film for the laughs it gets but i enjoyed it nonetheless . plus i just love what jason schwartzman brings to the table in any film , his quirkiness is ... lol , i love this term . i want to know exactly what nerding out entails for people though . i want to use it more in general conversation . hey wanna go ... nerd out somewhere ? i want to ' nerd out ' ... ! just cant beat the absurdity . going to tunisia on a star wars filming locations tour and eating dinner in the skywalker homestead . oh wait , i actually did that for last years birthday and it was ace . dont know what to do this ... i think you're over analysing it . is there any other way ? stop being so negative . oh because your idea is shit and i just burst your bubble proving it wont work , yeah sorry about that ... the naked woman - by desmond morris . an interesting insight into parts of womens bodies as categorised like as if people were zoo animals which is what most of desmond morris ' books are about , such ... things with faces . intj . it gets better ! thats more like it :) books yes . cinnamon anything - no . i loathe cinnamon from the taste to the smell . ill take some bagels though :) thomas the tank engine lives in a totalitarian dystopia . - cracked article . same here but allow me to elaborate . a special someone and a hobbit hole . my own private bag end with a cinema room :) one of my best friends is esfp and hes a lot of fun . just his laziness and need for spontaneity gets on my nerves sometimes . this one gets really dark pretty damn quick but stay to the end for a good punchline . love these guys . wcftjzjig 3u % 3d how about we fly out to the nearest asteroid thats at least a quarter the size of earth . strap on some rockets and pilot it towards home , it would be like slim pickens in dr . strangelove but instead ... oh and errr this . 6 abandoned places that will make awesome supervillain lairs | cracked.com i was already checking out small plots of forest land in certain parts of the uk a few weeks ago but you're not really allowed to modify the land much and its really expensive , about £ 30,000 for a ... i like your thinking . i like where this is going . giggity . anyone know how much we can purchase an island for these days ? you might be onto something there . i was thinking a plot of land in a first world country because if the shit hits the fan we can take better advantage of the post apocalyptic nightmare everyone else ... im in , but only if we have punch and pie . oh and everyone gets to live in a hobbit hole . i always wanted to build a simplified utopian society where everyone gets to live in a hobbit hole . buy a nice ... welcome human . hey , i want to jump in on this . 33621 this is me on a camel i named nutbuster . you may or may not be able to guess why unless you have ridden a camel or not . 33622 me and an esfp friend ... thats true and i dont always expect to find every answer here , its just nice to vent here with people because outside these forums i dont have anyone except a brick wall and a potato to learn from ... its not so much what people say or do , however i think that that is important . i really cant be arsed being on my own anymore . i have some good friends who can tolerate me in small doses and to be ... i have to be honest with you its what i do too , only i cant switch off what im not happy about like a switch . so when i get fed up of being miserable i dont just say stop that and start being ... i agree , this i why i would like to change . only problem is is how i am able to value something . it usually depends on outside sources , even though i know it really shouldnt . for example ( and its a ... as part of a hopefully ongoing chapter on self improving myself id like to get some insight into something thats been bothering / hindering me for quite some time now . how on earth can you learn to ... mmmm , long slow wet kisses are best , especially when you are in the honeymoon period with someone . though occasionally ill meet someone that just loves to all of a sudden dart a tongue out and start ... at this current moment , an enfp likes me but just as a very good friend and i cant tell if she would cross that boundary if she were single but something tells me she might , but being an enfp - she ... ha ha , yeah you would think so ( im also a gentleman when it comes to my lady - when i have one ) but its not the case . i guess my awesomeness is not exposed enough to the world :) as i have just not ... yes , but borderline ( im 32 ) . i know there is still time which i why hope is still there for those things and i think thats what annoys me the most . hope keeps me chasing this idea and spending some ... once again some marvellous stuff coming through here . to just set a few things straight in a sense though ; its not really running away that ill be doing as i have nothing to run from . as i said ... this is the perfect short version summary for how i feel right now . i was expecting a few posts that were mainly opinion based so i could see what other people might do in similar situations but ... ha ha , this is what i find myself doing , even though i dont mean to . its funny but i see my friends waltz up to people they like and just straight up start a conversation with people and i ask them ... some excellent and thoughtful replies here . what a wonderful community this is . in order to answer some of what has been posted ill say this . i have always lived by a certain philosophy that'if you ... so things are pretty reasonable in life at the moment for me . i have a decent job , it pays well but bores the living hell out of me . i have a very small selection of friends but all of them i ... that comment had me choke on my coffee a little , especially as i tried to imagine it . i couldnt agree more and think thats what they had in mind when they covered the song . thanks for the image of ... snake river conspiracy - love song . something about the way she says i will fuck you . right at the end just makes me shudder in a wonderfully naughty way . id link it but i am still a post ... thank you . i really am going to try and get something that i can turn into something productive from this site . you see ive always said the key to being happier is to know what you want , but to know ... ha , i will attempt to use the kitty more often then . at the moment because i am just fniding my feet ( * looks down - no wait there they are ) i am not 100 % why that would be but i guess it ... hello folks , stumbled upon this site after taking the test on another website and being more than intrigued by what the results said . all of my friends and co-workers are very extroverted ( its the ... '