i often absentmindedly draw birds with really elaborate feathers . oh and trees . i don't really think about what my face is doing , but apparently i tend to look pretty confused ... i've also been told way too many times that i really need to smile , and if i'm sure i'm okay . i am ! ... i played world of warcraft on and off for a long time , but i recently got guild wars 2 and it's so much better ... i just hope they don't make it freemium ... i also think borderlands 2 looks really ... the other night i had a dream where my brother turned into a sort of slenderman-esque creature and proceeded strangle me to death because he thought i was carrying a knife ... it was actually ... sometimes i dream i'm a carrot . definitely a cat person ! seriously , it's not uncommon for a cat to follow me down the street . i'm not sure why . i think they like me ... also they remind me of myself ... not that i follow strangers ... i was pretty outgoing until the age of about 8 . i remember my ' common sense ' levels were close to 0 but whenever someone told me this i'd get confused because i was so sure my way was better , ... i look down a lot too .. and i also sometimes don't pick my feet up quite enough ... i fidget a lot when i'm sitting down - just a bit , like my foot or something - i can stay still if i tell myself to , but often i don't even realize i'm doing it ... i walk with a really straight ... yeah , i do that sometimes , as does my intj brother . intjs aren't ne , but maybe my brother has a developed ne ? or maybe he's just odd . anyway , it confuses my stj parents , hahah :) . i only go all ... my handwriting's very small and has lots of annoying angles and curls in it ... any thoughts on paloma faith's mbti ? i was thinking enfp ? or maybe t ... i would be an entp ... being extroverted would be cool i guess . i'm forever going between 4w5 and 5w4 , although recently i'm leaning more towards being a 5w4 , but yeah , you can get intp type 4s . i was born at the end of may . my best friends are : entp , enfj , enfx . most of my friends are extraverted , actually ... i wonder if this is true for other intps ? anyway , my entp friend is awesome because she always says exactly ... mum : unhealthy istj dad : estj i get on great with my dad but having a normal conversation with my mum's pretty difficult , although i understand she is not a typical istj . my closest friend is almost certainly an entp and i love her humour and outspokenness ... we also have weird , long , ne talks hahah :) . my saturday night was eating pizza and watching the eurovision ... eyes : nothing special , just ... eyes . they're blue-green ... normally - they change colour . i have dark circles due to insomnia but they're not that bad . nose : average i think ... maybe a bit on the ... i know one person who may or may not be intp ... definitely an np though , and most likely t . i get on really well with him - we bring out each others ne a lot . welcome ! :) welcome ! :) mother : istj ( taken the test ) father : estj ( not tested but there's nothing else he can be ) brother : intj ( taken the test ) me : intp grandfather : ixtj , i think s but i'm not sure . grandmother : ... i like my eyes ... they're a pretty colour and they stand out . i like that i'm reasonably intelligent . people tell me i'm fun to talk to , and i like my creativity . people tend to laugh at my jokes , so ... i struggle with motivation - i know i have to do certain things , i just have trouble bringing myself to actually do them so i end up doing things at the last minute ... i have an english accent but i'm from the north so it's not really posh or anything hahah , but my friends with stronger accents tell me i talk posh so maybe i do ... i like accents ... i think i like ... the only intj i know is my older brother , and i do not normally find him boring - but once he's started talking about something he's interested in he'll just talk for as long as he can ... once i ... i'm a right-handed right-brained , left footed , left eyed , left eared intp . i've watched two episodes ... it's pretty good actually :) . i know an 18 year-old intj who loves it and is a hardcore brony . i have an estp friend ... she's very laid-back and fun to be around , but i couldn't spend more than about 3 days with her without a break . i hate asking for help because it makes me feel incompetent . under stress i'm very quiet and easily agitated by people who keep talking to me when they know i don't want them to . i hardly ever panic - i keep calm and think about the situation . deadlines don't ... i'm a gemini ... not sure which element that is but i doubt it's related to personality . hmm ... that depends on the situation because sometimes in a relationship it's important to talk about your feelings , but that would be the most practical way to solve the problem . my best friend is an entp , it's like we can read each others minds :) . hahah , i think it's a good idea ! an nt friend told me i'm very easy to read - if i'm happy i look happy , if i'm angry , i look angry etc . i don't mind showing my emotions as long as i don't have to talk about them too much . i try to stay healthy - i don't do anything extreme but i do care about how i look and about being healthy . i like most fruit so i eat quite a lot of it just because it tastes nice - the fact that ... mine's an istj , although when she took the test she got 1 % s , so maybe she's borderline intj . isfjs and estjs mainly . i'm a female intp :D i love that show :) . i find it kind of relaxing ... if a little weird . i'm not religious but buddhism sounds good to me :) . i would like to be a cat , because cats are little furry ninjas , and being a little furry ninja seems to appeal to me :) . i wouldn't like to be a deep sea slug , because all you see is black ... i mostly dream about being something else - like a wolf or a bird , but when i do dream from my point of view i seem the same as i am when i'm awake . mother : istj father : entj i think ... possibly estj brother ( older ): textbook intj me : intp my j family get frustrated with me a lot , hahah . i always clash with my mother about stupid tiny ... polish ? 10chars i like wearing skinny jeans , long-sleeved t-shirts , and knitted things and i don't like caps , ear gauges or when people wear leggings as pants . oh , i also like wearing shorts with tights . i ...