' i rearrange furniture a lot , do floor plans for redoing a kitchen in our guest house . plan budgets . think of projects for my husband to do . he knows that look i get when i'm thinking and it makes ... dear estps and mr adventure , put the things where your partner says they go and they won't get lost and you will not have to find it later . sincerly , me not do it in the first place tell the truth do the right thing it doesn't . i hate being not in control so much i don't drink . if i do , i stop at half a beer . seems unanimous that we're not germaphobes . next question ? apollo display downey ca 1 . hybrid cars ? i will when one comes out in a beetle or mini 2 . classical music ? yes , on occasion . 3 . tea ? iced with mint . 4 . cats ? no . 5 . abba ? not especially . 6 . steampunk art ? yes , love ... i don't know that i think you were wrong in the first place . it could have been handled differently . if i am not really sorry that i did something but sorry on how the other person perceived what ... please stop putting everything everywhere so you can find it later . we know this is not true . you can not find it later , i have to find it later . thanks . i have taken an asperger's test and scored extremely high . high enough that it bothered me . i took a different one the other day and came up borderline . i do not feel like i'm a narcissist . ... think about sometimes research it think about the research if i've researched it think about the consequences if it's carried out make a decision whether or not to do it from there be proud . we are elusive and rare . considered by some to be a treasure . my daughter is an infj and i consider her my closest friend . i try to keep her level headed as she thinks with her heart a lot of the time , and she tries to get calls me out if i'm not showing ... i was possibly the most loved child ever . my mom at age 40 was a paraplegic because of the effects of polio , my dad was in his early 60 ' s . i was doted on , coddled and had anything i wanted or asked ... public display of emotion = drama . i hate drama . any tips or pointers ? tomorrows my first day with him there . he does know about mbti which is how i found out he's an entj . not sure how reliable the test really is . i had a stranger come up to me and comment on my aura once . she said it was the purest white she'd ever seen . either i've changed , a lot , or the test ... i'm old they didn't have legos but i did have tinker toys , lincoln logs and a litebrite . i loved my litebrite . i used to just like to read though . i read the dictionary , phone book , encyclopedias , ... i took an aura test and got logical tan and environmental tan which seem remarkably like intj i don't want to be extroverted , however , in some situations , one needs to be . i'd struggled with this my entire life and then i found toastmasters . it was extremely beneficial to me . i'm no longer ... yes . since all personality types are found in all races i don't understand the point of this thread ; however , my eyes are green and gold . really ? a mole ? mole genus and species : castor canadensis collective term : my estp can be completely insensitive , rude and an utter jerk . he is , however , impossible to stay angry at . he will turn and around and be sensitive , kind and adorable the next minute . he ... yes , it's a very bad habit i picked up early on . i've tried to stop but it's so bad that it actually feels like i could die if i stopped . if i do ever stop , i'll let you know . oh wait ... : unsure : politely distant is the problem , not the solution for me : tongue : now , i'm wondering about the font too . i think it's one i used to have . i used to do graphics . it's going to bother me until i figure it out . no , emotions are what makes us human . if they are that close to the surface , it means you have to deal with them . i don't think i'm hated , i don't think i'm frightening . i think i'm misunderstood . i don't say something just to talk . so , i must not like a person . i don't say something right away and maybe even ... i don't think anyone fears me . are corgi's hard to train ? do they yip and yap ? genealogy . i'm very bad at showing my affection . as was stated before though , spend time . try very hard to be interested in what he's talking about even if it really does sound like blah blah blah to my ears . ... none of the above . i'm a vw girl myself . i'll take an old karman ghia please . make that a convertible . or a 67 beetle . dashboard hula dancer . ( no dot lol ) i guess i've been clementine for years everywhere else so it's time for a change , right ? oh i see . i'd like clementine with no . haha perhaps a dot before and after if i must ? . clementine . the numbers go up . i still can't see who or what made my notifications go up though . if i click on them , it takes me to a blank page . additionally even though i registered less than a month ago , i ... intj's = less drama = boring ? noelle , thanks . i think i need reassurance she'll be ok . she's not eating , she hasn't really slept now since saturday night and looks like hell . i guess i don't care if people say things about ... fwiw , she had him test recently and he is an e / intp the e and i were close . ( not sure how that happens ? ) yeah sorry preoccupied ... she is an infj not isfj right place , wrong keys my daughter is an infj and was until this morning engaged to be married . she's young and she's stubborn . she and he planned to move in together august 1 when she started at university as a junior . ... i was curious , but it never worked . i tried two different pictures but got an error message . intj gone with the wind some like it hot arsenic and old lace braveheart the shining yes , i did that haha airline tickets seem to be in order then . i obsess over things like mbti . i obsess over curtain choices . i obsess over paint color choices . ( can you tell what we're doing now ? ) which my husband and family call worrying . the devil is in ... so green that i decided i should make my own directions as to how to answer the questions and answered them backwards . i ended up at the blue table at work where they were making pictures of hearts ... answering a post thread . i obsess about most things . if worry was a sport , i'd win a gold medal . my husband asked me to marry him before we went on our first date haha if you have an estp who is interested in you , i have no doubt you'll know . he buys me everything . i mean every thing . i ... '