' it's more annoying than anything else . there are so many other problems that are more harmful to society than piracy . it's just one more example of the government devoting time and resources to the ... funny that this is the first thing i see upon coming back after a few months . procrastination and lack of motivation have basically defined my latest semester at college . it's not just me either . it ... i'm a good leader and easily fall into that role if no one else steps up . some of that skill is probably innate , but i also attended leadership camps during my high school years which reinforced ... good music , funny webcomics , and blue sky :) well that's certainly a darker turn than i was expecting . i may be disillusioned with those in charge , but it's not something i see as an unsolvable problem , especially when i'm among others my age ... i'm with rosslyn for the most part . i don't really see any need to change people beyond making them accepting and tolerant of each other . after all , each person plays a unique and important role in ... i'd like to think that this sense of an obligation to humanity isn't infj-specific , but i do think we all have an obligation to humanity , whether that be as a scientist , teacher , or farmer . i'm ... getting angry at people who cause harm to others is definitely an idealist thing in my opinion , as you're standing up for the ideal of justice , but that doesn't mean it's not related to upbringing as ... it depends how stressed i am . if it's just mild stress i'll either play video games or read , basically lose myself in another world for awhile . when i get really stressed then i tend to be more like ... blue grey : it's my favorite color and i've always seen it as mirroring my calm , introspective nature . i tried it one summer a couple years ago . if it is possible , i lack the mental discipline for it . even though i didn't succeed , i still won't discount he possibility of it , especially given some of ... i've sometimes wondered if the infj slogan should be infj's defenders of idealists and lost causes everywhere ! in all seriousness though , i don't see myself as overprotective . there are certain ... poof ! you can now teleport to anywhere in the world . unfortunately that limits you to anything underneath the earth's crust which tends to be somewhat cramped . i wish i could go back in time to ... meeting up with people i've met online has always fed my paranoia way too much for me to have ever considered doing it . - mbti - human interaction - sci-fi / fantasy esp . star wars , the ender saga , a song of ice and fire , and lord of the rings - world peace - micro obsessions with video games that usually only last 1-2 ... i can do passably well speed thinking , but i prefer having time to think things through . if i get caught off guard by a question , i can usually make a pretty reasonable answer but it tends to come ... loyal to the end , but we'll stop at nothing to utterly destroy you if you get on our bad side . i think i'm fairly good at lying , although i do run into problems if i start smiling because that usually leads to uncontrollable laughter and things tend to go downhill from there . i'm much better ... poof ! all the world's problems are solved . unfortunately , everyone is now bored out of their skulls . i wish i had a tiny grain of sand . poof ! you magically discover a wish that is incorruptible . however , it takes all of your brainpower to hold onto the idea of such a complex wish and you are forced into a vegetative state in order to ... i do change my mannerisms to match different groups of people , but i don't see it as trying to get them to like me , i see it more as melding into the flow of conversation . if a certain person talks , ... personality . the final frontier . these are the voyages of the starship perc . it's continuing mission , to explore strange new theories , to seek out new people and new connections , to boldly go where ... i'm not terribly good at any art style except perhaps for writing . my favorite art style , however , is music , especially music that incorporates bowed string instruments and piano . the violin and the ... ironically i misspelled it too . my browser corrected it for me . i also have this weird tendency to insert really random letters into words when i'm writing by hand . i'll be writing a sentence and the ... poof , you now have a job rolling a stone up a hill for all eternity and you're only paid a cent a year for it . i wish i was incorruptible . i haven't astral projected before , at least not that i can remember , but i have had two very vivid dreams where i've visited a close friend of mine in her house in north dakota , even though i've ... daveman , compared to my handwriting , your's is a work of art . i guess i'll have to find a way to upload a sample as proof of my illegible scrawl . the shadow queen one day you may find yourself passing through the shroud of erebus on the other side , your feet will guide you to a citadel . entering the citadel's black marble halls , you'll ... i'm a liberal-leaning independent , but i hate american party politics too much to identify with any particular party . i tend to focus much more on international much more than domestic politics and ... lol , you have no idea just how apt a description that is for me . honestly , i see their wounds as a sign of how far they're willing to go for each other . it's not off-putting or disturbing in the least . i really need to stop leaving for extended periods of time . i keep missing out on the fun things you guys do ! geeze , you people have good handwriting ! my handwriting is absolutely terrible . that was one thing i never did pay as much attention to in elementary school : crazy : i tend to fall for ixfx's more often than not . n / s and j / p don't really seem to matter much to me , although i think i do lean slightly towards n and p . all the girls i've fallen hard for so far ( a ... my longterm memory is excellent . short term , not so much . it either has to be numerical , scheduled , topographical , or somehow striking for me to remember it . the only things i'm really good at ... in the same vein , ender's shadow and ender in exile are both wonderful books with amazingly well developed characters . as are most of card's books for that matter . be prepared for a lot of screeching when you start . it takes awhile to get used to using a bow . i definitely switch to t when i'm working or in class , but that's the only place i've really noticed it . it comes quite naturally to me when it does happen though . love , certainty , and a life plan . the trip to japan sounds nice too . :P i'm definitely in the same boat when it comes to reading anything even remotely related to romantic relationships . body language and verbal cues in that area always fly way over my head . mythbusters = best tv show ever . it's the only thing that makes me regret not having television . :( in my opinion the bowed string instruments are among the most difficult to learn . it's a lot easier if you've learned an instrument like piano before so you're familiar with reading , playing , and ... i've noticed myself doing similar things . i'm always sitting at the back of the restaurant or cafeteria at an angle to watch the most people possible . i also tend to read people better when i'm not ... i also have to agree with this . i will forgive just about anybody for just about anything . i'm just not the kind of person who can bear a grudge . that being said , if somebody does something to lose ... i have a multitude of reasons for being reserved . one as you guessed is fear , most specifically the fear of betrayal . i had a close friend betray me and i've been much more wary since then . in ... i prefer 60 degrees fahrenheit with no wind . as far as extremes go , however , i much prefer cold . i can handle very cold temperatures as long as there's no wind , but heat just annoys me . math was one of my favorite subjects in public school , but i get bored with it very quickly if i'm not learning something new . i haven't continued with it in college precisely because of that . i'd ... in my experience , it's very difficult for others to tell the difference between such things even with body language . we're very good at hiding any of those things deep within ourselves and only open ... i used to play the violin , but i haven't had time to keep up with it since i started college . :( it's pretty hard for me to get inspired most of the time , but music definitely helps . reading also helps . there are some books that do a really good job of motivating me to action when i really need ... '