' if we can say whatever we want , then i just want to say that i'm in love for the first time ! it's probably silly to post on here , but it's like i want to tell everyone i come across because i'm just ... this intp i really like ( though he sadly lives in another state ) has been a bit distant lately . we both like each other a lot , and he's told me before that i'm the most special girl he's ever met and ... my sense of humor is kind of ... stupid ? if that makes sense . like the reason one of my friends calls her boyfriend bowl is because of a joke i made ( it's honestly a really long story , but hopefully ... i'm just ... it's hard to explain . my sense of humor is dull , and no one seems to ever understand it besides my mom . i get really tense during certain situations , and if someone tries to comfort me ... am i really sweeter than cupcakes ? : laughing : haha hi ! i'm glad you don't find me annoying : kitteh : i feel so lonely . my friends , who are small in number , are only people i hang out with at school , but nothing more than that . trust me , i've tried to hang out with them outside if school , it just ... i know the feeling well ... i hope it passes soon ! i feel lonely currently . it's an feeling i get often that will eventually pass . every once in awhile , i realize my lack of friends / partner and get sad . other than that i'm doing well ! ( despite the ... northern downpour by panic ! at the disco ... it's a really pretty song i think we're doomed to bouts of depression . some of us , yes , have had severe depression , however i think that as people who feel too much , we tend to get quite sad from time to time . i know that i ... hi ! i'm so sorry that this is ridiculously late ! i actually got very busy and well , simply haven't been able to log on in quite sometime . you're very sweet ! and i'm fine thank you , how are you ? xd i'm doing fantastic since it's the weekend ! how are you ? hey ! i would love to chat but your inbox is full ! let me know when it's clear ! haha thanks so much ! you can message me if you like , i wouldn't want to bother you ! :p roud : : laughing : a + gif use thank you ! :p roud : aw thank you : blushed : : happy : haha hi ! ribbons huh ? sounds very stylish : laughing : i will ! well , hopefully that friend application form was good enough for you ! message me when you get a chance ! feel free to message me ! :p roud : 1 . i'll just stick with truegenius for now ... i want to be safe ! :) 2 . to live my life in the way that makes me happiest 3 . i will admit , i had to google what you meant by that ... i'll have to watch ... would any of you like to be friends with an infp who is very shy ? i think enfps are really awesome , and would like to get to know some of you ! : blushed : this is an uninteresting and unimportant thread , so i'm sorry if this bothers anyone ( it makes me really nervous posting it on here ! i don't want to annoy anyone ! ) but i just wanted to say hi ! and ... bonjour ! i'm sorry if anyone is annoyed by this ... if it's really bothersome i can take it down ! : blushed : anyway , so i'm fairly new to this website and don't know much about mbti as others on here ... prone to have bad days . probably has too much baggage for you to handle . thank you :) i suffer greatly from feeling as though i am not worth being someone's friend , though they seem to like me and enjoy my company . i really hope you get over this because it is a very ... . i am the one who carries a calm mien , but is a raging storm underneath i am the one who is brought to tears when someone tells me they love me i am the one who refuses to fall in love for the sake ... during my first week of high school , i was desperate to make friends despite my social anxiety . in one of my classes , a few girls seemed nice so i sat with them during break , but barely talked to ... how sweet ! i love infjs very much ! almost all of my close friends are infjs , and i get along with them very well . i'm not sure why , really ... perhaps it is because conversation just seems to go ... bonjour ! so , i was wondering what your childhood was like for all of you lovely infjs . feel free to comment and explain in more detail ! bonjour , my lovely infjs ! so , i'm an infp who is incredibly shy and i've just recently become friends with an infj who is absolutely lovely and we seem to get along well , despite both of our ... i love dan , phil , tyler , troye , zoella , joey , and joe :) i use facebook , tumblr , and pinterest . i think introverts need that sense of anonymity and interacting with the world without actually interacting with it . so true ! i cannot watch that movie without crying ! poor , sweet bucky ! every once in awhile i feel a deep need to have a romantic relationship with someone and i feel sad that i don't , but it usually passes after a little while . i'm a loner at heart , and maybe someday ... yes ! my first best friend became very manipulative of me in seventh grade , and my second ( and last ) best friend was very mean to me but would later feel bad and apologize due to her bipolar disorder ... while i do love extroverts , i don't think i get along with them as well as i do introverts , especially infps . i love other infps , because they're just like me ! i also am friends with a few infjs , and ... . i recently felt this with a girl who i don't know very well , but it's more of a platonic attraction . ( as far as i can tell , i'm only attracted to boys romantically ) . it's really scary considering i ... infps ! i find them to be the easiest to get along with , which is very important for me in a relationship ! i didn't really have an opinion on soulmates until recently when my infj friend told me that she believed that in one persons lifetime , they have several different soulmates because we change so much ... my mom is an infp , i'm not really sure what my step-dad or dad are because i can't get either of them to take the test and i'm very bad at typing . my dad is probably an entj and my step-dad is ... my ideal dreamworld has magic and all of the fictional characters i adore are real there . i would be loved there , and have the ability to be deeply connected with many people without feeling as ... rejection i have only recently met an infp ( i think , i'm not positive she is though ) , but she is the only one i've ever met ! i think we're quite rare ! i'm pretty sure charles xavier , hiccup , and bruce banner are infps hi ! i was wondering if some fellow infps could give me advice on making friends . as an infp i'm already quite shy and on top of that i believe i suffer from social anxiety disorder , which makes me ... don't feel insecure ! i'm sure you are absolutely lovely . i want you to know that i , along with many other girls , prefer a more introverted guy . of course that doesn't apply to all girls , but there ... '