' persona 4 : brotagonist - entj chie saonaka - esxj yukiko amagi - isfx kanji tatsumi - estp teddie - enfp naoto shirogane - intj yosuke hanamura - exxp rise kujikawa - esfp istp , perchance ? * patiently waits for mane 6 * i haven't thoroughly analyzed some of these characters , but here's how i see some of them , for the most part : tris - ixfp four - intj christina - estp al - isfj jeanine - entj eric - estx ... occupation by mbti : intp - the engineer intj - the programmer entp - the comedian entj - the ceo infp - the blogger infj - the counselor and part-time librarian enfp - the ... * waves * this thread ... it must be bumped . from a completely biased and joking perspective : e - extraterrestrial , extreme , entertaining , edible , eccentric , eerie , effeminate i - imperial , ... indeed . ah , i see you included a few death note characters . without light . : shocked : in other topics , i haven't quite decided upon whether deadpool is an entp or an enfp . it's difficult to type someone ... internally navigating tangible jeopardy . alternatively , you could also substitute words for the letters in your type ... entrepreneurially neurotic test patients . hmm ... does anyone else have any ideas ? dearest lomi , you are hereby invited to the thread at this location : please rsvp by posting in the thread at your ... this is a good example of how i feel when no one replies to this thread for a long time : the epitome of emo ? i thought that title fell to this infxes . indeed . this could probably be considered necroposting , but ... on the other hand , she's an enfp now . istj - the dude who states that he isn't allowed to insult the guests directly isfj - the dude who cleaned the isfp's graffiti off of your car when you weren't looking entp - the dude who keeps ... it's difficult to decide between ravenclaw and gryffindor . hmm ... gryffindor ! only $ 1,000 , 000 ? entps would probably be like julius caesar and make them double it . xd also , i think you forgot the rainbows for enfps . : crazy : an envious power indeed . i had a seizure a few pages ago because of them . : tongue : * checks to see if it's true * : shocked : also , the op is now entj . o . o : confused : considering that she put hearts around intj , i wouldn't think so . after contemplating this , i'm not sure if what you wrote was a joke or not . what is this love ? ! : tongue : have a thread . shameless self-promotion completed . isn't that more of a negative xstx trait than an intj one ? i find it intriguing that you're asking this question to a group stereotypically portrayed as not having many friends . it's ironic , in a way . infp , perchance ? this is a thread in which you can post any jokes or humorous theoretical situations involving any of the mbti types . i'll start . i usually don't go for introverts , but i have to say that infps ... * realizes that the initials of your name spell intp * * sniffs * clever man . i consider myself an intx , but obviously two halves of a whole are just fine . well , you know ... keep trying . ;) not by her standards , but hosting a party at 3 in the morning wasn't seen the same way by onlooking cops . i'm visiting my enfp in jail who was arrested for disrupting the peace . : tongue : i don't see anyone who needs me to guess their types , so i guess i'll go . u200bdun lookit my type . ; ~ ; in no particular order : 1 . twilight sparkle from my little pony : friendship is ... enfps , entps , or intps . decisions , decisions ... nope . just fandoms . ^ . ^ o . o intuition ? and a decidedly feely entp ... * twitches * * starts chanting latin thread revival incantation * yay ~ * looks around quickly to see if any other intjs noticed * stuffs . isfj so ... i am extremely bored . the only thread i've made isn't getting any responses . :P soon i shall wither . so , mars , then . band 5 ? o . o so ... are you from jupiter , or am i mistaking you for someone else ? are you from the kuiper belt , perhaps ? : bored : lomi i suppose i might * gasp * go outside . i go on the internet . it's a sad life i lead . '