' maybe the things you observed on yourself aren't necessarily te ( or thinking in general ) logical thinking and ( objective ) reasoning are more skills than personality traits , and i dont think those ... i got them prescribed for some issue other than depression , but as it happend i was on my way to slip into depression at the time too , so it kinda was two birds with one stone ... but it didnt ... i don't think it would work at all and end with tragic deaths for both of me could make a decent movie plot though oh yeah , motivation ! i'm at a point where i want to improve several fields of my life and myself as well , mostly to stop being so lazy and demotivated and start getting things done today i made ... great thread , i enjoyed reading everything so far some of mine : spirituality - not much in a religious sense , but more being in touch with myself and my believes . meditating and mentally ... ohh yeah , post metal is cool too oh , also one of my all-time favorites : i dont like to tell storys and i'm not really good at it i usually lose where i want to go with the story while telling and often neglect or forget details , which are important for a lively story well , wouldnt call it dancing , but on metal concerts im usually in the middle of the moshpit or headbanging lol love that , and i didnt even die yet yeah quite a few , saw mono , red sparowes ( 2 times already ) , caspian , if these trees could talk , this will destroy you , gifts from enola , russian circles , isis , rosetta , lots of less known bands ... especially live . i'm getting goose bumps thinking back . it was magical : 3 on other news : caspian has a new album coming out and apparently its pretty good too : stream the best post-rock album ... guild wars 2 on gandara ( europe ) pm me if you want to play :) oh yeah , classics . cats for a lot of reasons they are mysterious , independend , introverted ( while dogs being totally extroverted ) , dangerous predators a lot like myself actually , so i come along with them ... [ x ] yes , i hate people in general ayasullivan : nice and weird stuff ! thanks for the share , didnt know any of them and the first 2 being japanese make them more awesome : 3 also i just realized cloudkicker is another project from ... i guess my discomfort zone would be approaching random people , or stuff like that it's a long time since i last did this , maybe it's time again .. i really like my comfort zone though , so breaking ... okay then i have to start ;) some pretty unknown stuff : it's music entirely made by one guy from trinidad , i think he will soon release an album ... yeah , most of the time actually :-/ well , copy pasting from another post i just made in another thread here : post rock / metal ambient progressive rock / metal melodic death metal jpop / kpop some breakcore / electronic stuff well , its more like that i love this kind of music : 3 mostly post rock , since post metal tends to often have vocals i cant stand :-/ i liked afterstory of clannad , that one really moved and inspired me it affected me alot positively in real life too for some reason , atleast for some time when i once posted my watched anime ... infp post rock / metal ambient progressive rock / metal melodic death metal jpop / kpop some breakcore / electronic stuff yeah , i can really recommend fallout 3 and even more fallout nv , both great games , and really humorous the story and setting is very good as well i'm really curious about mass effect too , its on ... i lived alone when i got into a new city where i knew nobody before and it started out good , but then i started to get depressed because of the lack of contacts to hang out or go out when i wanted ... i'm planning on becoming a master almost i got my bachelor , almost i voted bachelor since i almost got it already , really i'd like to be born in the future , you know , when the sci fi stuff is going on and there i will be , immortal in the virtual reality , creating my own worlds how i desire them .. then , after i lost ... i love chaos , i dont like clean places too much and i dont like to keep something organized just for the sake of it why making the bed ? very soon i'm sleeping again anyway why cleaning the room ? ... places where i can be alone , i sometimes dream about the improvement in lifequality i could have with a perfect place for me to escape to anytime i want , something really quiet , without other ... yeah , he is one of my favorite actors , and i really enjoyed his movies . scott pilgrim was amazing , loved the humor : 3 seems just natural to me that he is infp my list : any sports game [ xstp ] any ego shooter [ xstp ] any multiplayer shooter [ estp ] jrpg [ xnfp ] rpg [ xnfp ] mmorpg [ enfj ] rts [ xntx ] arts ( like lol and dota ) [ entx ] why are people fascinated with wasting time with books or movies ? or with other things they enjoy but are useless ? ( not that playing games is useless at all , but thats not my point here ) ... here ! id like to get it atleast , since i had a blast playing one of the beta weekends none of my friends is interested though .. and i dont want to play it forever alone :/ do you know how ... i want to learn japanese so badly after a year ( and a course i took at university ) i can grammatically analyse sentences , and could translate text with a certain system and dictionary , which takes ... i cant say how happy i am that my birthday is over , birthdays suck , i dont want to get older and i dont want to get congratulated for getting older people can congratulate me when i finally ... did he just mention mcdonalds ? ... :'( oh no , i voted on both the infp and the infj poll sorry visual > kinesthetic > auditory i like visual learning , marking text in books , love diagrams or other abstract drawings etc ... hmmm , that's a hard one for me , because im torn apart between fulfilling a dream carreer ( ideal , meaningfull job ) and between using work to fulfill my other dreams in life i dont want to put my ... the test is really , really bad imo a lot of the questions had nothing to do with learning types , but rather personality traits ( extraversion vs introversion ) or interests i took a test looong ... fuzzymuffin or saucypanda : 3 wait what ? cooking and an aptidude for math ? wearing glasses means probably playing video games , and that means probably good marks ? i think my head just exploded ... i'm really surprised to see so much spider-lovers here , most people want to instantly kill those poor little creatures =( i'm not afraid of spiders here in my country , since they cant really harm ... yeah im playing skyrim too , this game is so amazing i hardly can describe it just had a magebattle against some undead ubermage for ~ 30mins and it was just epic , now i have his mask :D and i'm ... hmmm , i'm not sure either ( btw is it just me , or are a lot of infp tagged people unsure if they are really infp ? lol ) i always scored infp on online tests i took ( except infj on socionics - ... yeah i think one of my closest friends is intp , he is pretty similar to me in a lot of things ( interests , appearence , humor , problems ) but he often manages to extremely provoke me and make me ... i dont want to be harsh , but since you and her are female ... are you sure she is into women too ? hmm , i think it's almost 6 years since i last checked it out ( or something like that ) there still was some hype around it , but personally i never got into it . graphics ( esp . animations ) were ... j-pop . lots of kitschy j-pop and i regret nothing i hate watching sports , never saw anything that's nearly interesting for me and i tried alot since my friends / family enjoy it mostly i mean come on , how can someone watch something like .. cycle ... wow cool , didnt notice that one yet , thanks for the share looks really interesting but what do you mean with it doesn't get much deeper than what you get in the demo ? is the demo so ... '