' not a question - - a comment . i love you . you are so decisive , so sure . you have my strange sense of humor , that others scratch their heads about . you are so real . i love your non-gooyness . i ... hi guys ! thanks so much for the advice ; i really appreciate the insight you have given me . to be honest , i am not considering leaving the medication ; it may have numbed some of you , and made ... taser i have had depression for a little more than three years . even though i take medication now , it only helps to an extent . i still suffer from insomnia , anxiety and constant sadness . in the past ... i am in a can't cry phase . i value logic over emotion as well , even though emotion tends to get the best of me . D: kookytookie - you don't know how much your post means to me ! i am currently in one of those phases , and i have been for the past two years . it made me think i was infp , and i probably am , but before ... [ quote = vertigoh ; 2327895 ] rayray 1 it is ! :D it's one of my absolute favourite shows , and annie is one of my favourite characters on tv . i haven't watched the newest season yet , though . i'm torn ... vertigoh i have to say ... is your picture by any chance annie from being human ? it looks just like her ( if it isn't , wouldn't that be strange ... ) but i couldn't help it ; i love that show so ... when you listen to music , and suddenly you have invented a whole movie scene in your head to it ... and when the scene isn't perfect the first time , you play the song over and over again until the ... i am a night person , sometimes a very early morning person , but not an afternoon person ( around 12pm - 6pm ) . the standard hours for many people to be the most alert is just when my body always wants ... hi , my name is ___ , and i am a dream-aholic hehe ... yes , i have an addiction to daydreaming . first enfp , then infj , then infp ... now i have settled with xnfp after much research and obsession . i'm waiting for this to pass . adventurous yeah , i really agree . i am an xnfp who is slightly more introverted . and every time i have to talk in front of a class or something ... it just reminds me of how she was speaking there :D corinne bailey rae , she is my obsession right now ... everything about her screams a beautiful infp to me <3 someone told me i look like nova from planet of the apes . at first , i thought they were saying i looked like a monkey , but then after some research - - ... i'm not lesbian ( or so i think , ;D ) but i am seriously in love with corinne bailey rae . she is ... i used my nickname and put a 1 at the end because i am number # 1 , of course . i'm an enfp and i'm like a bird , i only fly away ... i don't know where my soul is , i don't know where my home is . ( love that song ) <3 :D ironically , guys that are too sensitive annoy me so much . i am already sensitive ! i don't need you drowning me in your sorrows , too . yes , all the time . its because everyone else in my family is an nt ... i am used to hearing smart people rant about this . i firmly believe that sawyer is entp , 100 % positive . edit : and yes , i am in love with him . i know this is painfully late , but i agree with you . i watched an interview about angelina jolie and felt completely connected to everything she said , yet when i looked it up , all i saw was estp ... i love helena bonham carter too ! and i don't think she is enfj either . it seems like if someone is confident , strong , and assertive with who they are , then people assume they aren't an infp . does ... it may be because i am an ambivert , but i love going out ! a lot of the time i'd rather go out than stay in as well :) yeah , i think you're right . that is such an odd pairing though , isn't it ? & i don't think she is s . lots of abstract thinking and impressions , but at the same time its like she wants to be sensing ... i know this is an old thread bu esfp , esfp , esfp ! he acts exactly like someone i know who is esfp , though estp sounds right , too . its hard to tell t and f sometimes with grown men . she seems like an idealist , daydreaming , perfectionist ( although only about certain things ) . she is easily bored , but also very persistent ... she is very accepting of people and is sensitive to ... i had a close friend who was enfp ... i didn't like her much :/ it was weird . i asked her to take the test because i'd just taken it and thought cool ! & when she scored the same as me ... we both ... usually , my closest best friends turn out to be intj , infp , or something similar ... :) introverts are a lot easier to talk to . extroverts only wanna talk about * what is happening right now * and its ... i guess the worst part is the vibe some people say that i give off ... especially when someone feels like they can't trust me with their secrets . i would never tell a soul in the world even the ... i love forbidden love so much ... it is so beautiful to me . i'm excited to see in the land of blood and honey , that movie about a bosnian and a serb that are in love during the war <3 <3 <3 same ... yay ! i love this stuff :) don't know all the types well , so i apologize if my assumptions are way off . most likely to succeed : enfj most likely to become rich : entj most likely to cry for no ... <--- just look at my pic :D i didn't even know this was a thread . coool . : happy : ok , this thread is closed . thnx people who helped me yay . possibly me . i tested 50/50 but i'm more introverted , even though sometimes i can be pretty rambunctious :) the benevolent experiencer ... well thats nice ! i apologize if someone has already said these - - ginormous ! i always say that , i almost forget its not a word . also , gabillion . for example :: i am so worn out from school . i had a ... adventurous , moody , loving , vulnerable , and persistent :D sometimes i just want it all to stop . i feel like i'm never enough for anyone , even though i try so hard . no one understands . okay , rachel is definately an e and a j ... hmmm ... i think she is enfj , because she seem more feeling than thinking , and more intuitive than sensing , but i could be wrong . maybe esfj or estj . i ... 2626126260 ... i look somewhat demented in the first one : shocked : you guys are all so gorgeous though . i am very proud of my peoples ! ! i just joined too ! i wish there were more of us , but i only know of 1 other infp as well , and at the moment , they live about a thousand miles away ... :( it seems like there aren't many enfps where i ... you sound a lot like me . i just say i am an ambivert . you don't have to choose between one or the other . infps and enfps are so much the same , of course the only difference is being extroverted or ... i love intj females ! ! my mom is an intj and i am an i / enfp , and we get along so well sometimes its like our personalities were molded to fit together as two human beings coexisting in sync : o ( hope ... when you get invited to a party by a close friend , and at first you feel so honored and happy ! ! then , as the date of it comes closer .. and closer .. and closer ... you slowly start to dread it , day by ... '