' oh my god they waste no time hahahahah well since i just came from a thread that asked about infjs and lying , i wont sugarcoat . my sisters an isfj and i think she's too often narrow minded , a complete slob , tries to buy friendship , ... i just avoid talking about what i want to lie about . if the conversation arises , you can bet your ass i'm gonna tell the truth and hate doing it . i don't tell lies because then i'd have to ... your signature rocks my world okay hamlet gold i love love looove your avatar . i laughed . it really tickled first world problems bring me down too a polished off old typewriter . everyone likes them but no one wants to go through the work to make them work well . the trollmaster private message me . lets get off the thread sorry i was watching hamlet and got distracted by texting and trying to do three things wasn't symbiotic like id hoped alive and well ? try thriving ohhh entjs entjs entjs ... entjs want so much control ... and money . at the same time . i dated an entj for a while . he was fair but i felt like his pet at a certain point and broke things off . i ... okay wow this is all i've read so far and i've already fully laughed out loud . i just canceled my date for tonight ( for several irrelevant reasons ) . i would much rather talk online with random entps ... i feel like we inxjs can all see through each other . i just typed up a bunch of little bios of all the infjs and intjs i've known over the years ( and deleted it cuz ... well that's their personal ... is it possible that you're on drugs and you don't fully realize that you on a little bit of a troll roll well that's a big statement . i think it's fair to say that they're just two different types with their own strengths and weaknesses ( both of which are se ) . maturity is a subjective matter so be sure ... okay so maybe reputing my maturity would have pulled it all together earlier on ... oh well . you know ... that's someone else . someone new well i am sad its over yea basically probably did something he didn't like ? hhaha here's a little example of our old relationshit . i'll never get involved in crap like this again . it's completely idiotic . prepare to be wowed by several ... being an empath can be scary and empowering . it blows when someone else is stressing out and you go from a calm state to feeling what they're feeling . it's like catching an airborne ailment from ... in terms of humiliating myself , i've got plenty of humility , so that doesn't scare me very much . what i am afraid of is missing out on being with really interesting people that i may be letting pass ... exactly i would would love to hook up with someone around here and have an argument on video chat . if you take one side personally , i don't mind being devil's advocate . i don't mind . ... no i know you're all pretty full of it ... that given , i wont contest that what ever it is you're full of ... is brutally awesome the trollmaster i haven't decided what i think of you yet i get the idea that you're actually slightly humored by how typical it is for us infjs to fall like this you suck : frustrating : resisting ... urges ... times like these call for a trip to the recycled book store what would tom clancy do ... is that your advise can i bribe him ? he wants a stock pot to make moonshine . is it so ridiculous that it just might work or is my optimism toward well intentioned manipulation futile i know he loves me ; i can see it in his eyes ... while he's thinking of ways to hide his affection ( probably to protect himself from the vulnerability that love guarantees ) . we're young . i'm 22 he's ... i'm sorry my b . i didn't see the link . i was scanning and scrolling too quickly . yea none is too broad . i was getting a shy vibe from the beginning of the thread that i shouldn't have expected to ... i wrote a love letter . i think i scared the boogers out of him . : blushed : and i thought it was good ... : sad : i'm not going to post that . it was for him , not for perc . it said a lot about what i find ... happiness is ... being an american  ... haha shhh don't tell on me : ninja : this . yes . i don't crush on just anyone . and it doesn't happen often . it'll take months for me to get the nerve to admit to them ( if it ever happens ) . i keep it bottled ... as if that's safer for ... i won't stop there ; run your errands on your own time . your grammar is getting on my nerves . it really sucks . sidewalk chalk is more awesome than invisible ink . i said so . don't ask me if ... blood poisoning sounds horrific . were you scared ? thank you also , no thank you for the nasty image results i saw for magnoplasm on google ... yikes yes blood poisoning . very serious it's may and sunny out ... i don't think you should wear a sweater unless you live in the southern hemisphere . khakis are always safe . wear a polo with no brand on it , and a white tshirt under ... technogremlin :d ry : you're no house , but it's okay . new question ... what are spiral dynamics ? i heard somewhere that if it can go away without popping it can become a nice callous . i could use the callous . i just want to speed up the process . i need my body to take the fluids back . i bet ... hey intjs , i have this nasty blister on the back of my ankle that i got from my new running shoes . i want to get rid of it , but i'm afraid to pop it . it's huge ! what do i do ? i cant wear other shoes ... 14 nfs ... an instinctive breed ... stop calling it shallow and start calling it uuh gratitude for the beauty life offers : happy : it sounds much better . you'll be doing your conscience a favor jaysh thats very generous of you so now it's 5 am and i woke up from a dream about being kidnapped by a cab driver and i'm feeling unmistakeable passion . what do i do with passion ... guess ... aaahg my body has gone so weak . must flirt with something ... someone to tease * drags body across the room , clutching broken leg * can't go on .. ... testosterone . oh testosterone withdrawals ... in the car with my 2 siblings on mothers day esfp - yea i know spanish pretty well isfj - oh really then what does ... tortuga mean ? ! esfp - uuh tutrle isjf - wow really ? oh . i thought i made it up ... what makes me attracted to a guy . okay i ’ ll tell you a story to better explain . 2 years ago , i met this bright young man in a french 3 college course . he was really charming ; his eyes always ... '