' * shrugs * i'm weird . quirky . crazy . i move around a lot , globally . everyone is different and has their own story and perspective and reasons to doing things ... i don't know honestly , i think my problem is the opposite of yours . i'm too understanding and accepting ... hope you don't mind me chiming in also , not being entj , but since exercise is close to my heart and i've also been forced to re-consider exercise options ( being a student i do not want to waste money ... croatians , russians , serbians , polish , estonian , montenegro-ans , for instance . i find beautiful facial structure attractive , also the tallest people in europe are from croatia or something like that ... greenpeace . wow angaliene you're gorgeous :) honesty , and not giving any false hope . i would like to know the reasons so i could pick up the pieces and move on . i'm sorry about your break-up . i neither think categorizing people as either good or bad is a good idea . i wholly agree with the points here that openness and empathy are a form of truth-seeking and that if you focus on the ... i think that's not true . when i worked for greenpeace i've never seen a bigger concentration of infp personalities in one office , all trying to save the environment and such . and me and my infp ... well one thing i think all of my infp friends have in common ( and it's a lot easier to observe as an outsider ) is that they're all extremely demanding and perfectionistic of themselves and their ... le sigh . i love tattoos but wouldn't take ones like i drew out in henna . i just like that it looks almost like a real tattoo in b & w . and fades away in time . 201002 did some henna . yes . thank you for the consideration and time you put into the responses . i really appreciate it . it is good sometimes to get outside perspective . yeah , i figured as much but it seems really harsh , like you say . :( there are lots of things here , for instance , this is a long distance relationship . before we made it official he knew i was moving ... how often do you change your mind about a decision you've made ? i was in a relationship with an entj who said to me once : do you wanna hear the big romantic secret ? i love you . and i loved him ... playing with myself . it helps to have supportive group of friends around who accept you as you are . hello entjs . i come to you to ask councel in a love matter related to an entj . this entj and moi go back in time , quite a lot of it . we first met three years ago . he and i were dating and travelling ... i think a female does not owe it to anyone to be pretty to occupy the space of being female . imo there's a lot that goes under the definition of beautiful . there is conventional beauty , some ... well i'm not actually single at the moment , but as someone who was single just awhile ago for a few years , thought i'd add my point of view ... i actually thought i'd be single for a long time , i ... i'm with a male entj and it's the best relationship i've had so far , and it might just be the last one i will ever have . i've never felt more respected , cared for and equal in a relationship . and ... my entj bf is very cuddly . love is when you accept a person as they are , the good and the bad , and you do not try and change them to fit your own ideals . it's a feeling but most importantly it's action , one can feel love ... same . i didn't use to care about a person's biological sex , that being said my life experiences have made me more wary of males than females approaching me . ( a guy is interested in either dating me ... i'm an infj , and i can be very messy and i procastinate too much sometimes . i'm not that academically gifted / inclined as inxxs are deemed to be . i'm very into sports and physical thrills ( must be the ... i find that once an nt or t for that matter , cares / has feelings for someone be it romantic or platonic in nature , it's pretty solid & they're loyal and don't make me second guess it . at the ... yeah . what matters most is respect and willingness to do one's best at understanding another . that goes a long way . i think i'm quite reasonable , i guess i had some fuzzy idealistic ideas about what ... i'm very sensual and sexual . i like having sex with someone i trust and like . more straight than bi , but can see myself go for ladies as well . like being dominant but submissive too at times . oh and ... based on my past the type most presented in my dating life / having had showed active interest in me have been xntjs . well the sex is good . really good . future will tell if it turns into a relationship but ... good sex so far and not just that but he is caring and cuddly too . i think it's because both of us are ... wild horse when you're dating someone , it's normal to come to the conclusion that you don't really want to continue dating them at some point and i think it applies to online interactions too . that's what she ... i study sociology . minoring in psychology , gender studies and statistics . i've always found biology , languages and psychology ( esp . neuro / cog . science ) interesting too . hey chtoffee , welcome to the forums . i think it's the first step to admit the problems you have - and like you have done , seek council from others ( you did it by writing in here ) . the only way ... i think infj enneagram 4 ' s can resemble infp's quite a bit ( or at least infp e4s ) . i used to test as infp and i got high marks on both using fe and fi in the cognitive functions test . oh and i'm e4 . it would help to get some concrete examples of what it was you told them that they found too contradictory ? i do clean up and nothing's filthy , but other than that it gets unorganized and sometimes i won't make a single gesture to clean up a pile of stuff for weeks . and it is true that it depends who ... yes in some ways more sensitive to stimuli than others i've observed . for instance i can't concentrate on reading without earplugs on if i'm at a public library , all the little sounds disturb me ... well thing about tattoos is that they tend to fade and depending on where you put it your body will go through changes and it'll effect the look of the tattoo as well . i think faded tattoos look bad ... i'm a messy pig . the secret to this infj's apparent neatness lies in closets where i just literally throw stuff to . i realized this as i noticed the pile of outdoor clothes and other random junk in ... i guess i don't meet people who i connect with all too often . maybe because they actually tend to be like me , rarely leaving their house . : tongue : btw in my post i referred to the break-up process . i do not think that obsession is part of love . i think it's somewhat important for an infj to understand what has happened in the ... you have a cool look about you . intense . slightly intimidating even . lunacyxfringe , your haircolor suits your skintone well & looks natural on you . ( i can't use this caption right oops ) i'm sorry to hear you're going through so much pain right now . as someone who also went through similar break-ups with first boyfriends , i can tell you ruminating is perhaps part of the process and ... just do whatever you enjoy and ignore the opinions of the ones that try put you down . surround yourself with people who love you and appreciate you . usually i end up in some relatives ' house cooking and eating the same foods for 3 days . for some reason many of my closest friends have been enfps . one bestie at the time , i met in the internets ... because we both designed virtual kennels ( because we both love / d the furry animals but ... ... and free me from this world . '