what does using xd a lot have to do with n / s ? yeah after all this i think i am an entp well when i want to i can beat an estp at sports . i'm actually very lazy though . i love to do things like party and go to amusement parks , go to the mall , even just hang out . but that's about it , if ... its his fault for being drunk . anything for happening after can only be brought upon himself . maybe if you put more effort into better comebacks i would listen more . until then , i guess not much is going to get through . keep trying . right now i think you just felt your dick . suddenly seem you in a better mood . i don't understand why you keep replying . you're disses don't make much sense and you can't come up with a good comeback . please stop . you're making us enps look bad . its painful to watch . i did after moron . everyone gets a turn . haha , we don't bring the asshole out of you guys . we just a hold up a magnifying glass because we were worried you were blind . ah finally . i see you have consumed tequila , sounding smarter by the minute . yes it is . that's why i got 2 other holes . you kidding ? make-up sex is the perfect time to keep arguing :) of course you would be the one to know . well that was a pretty fast cock . no pun intended . . . . . and jokes about you . wait . same thing . scratch that . you shouldn't be proud that judgment was made about you . theres too many of them . we get rid of the shortest ones . bye byee . finally typed yourself as an estj ? ha . but after reading what i said it sounds like a skinny dick . ohhh there you are november . hehe they got their puppy eye look , theyre fine . i don't recall saying i was interested . i guess i was wrong , you cant do better . oh my computer . it looks like a french fry trying to ride tangerines . that's just like an infj of you to defend an infp im laughing too hard to debate right now . for once an infj made my day your sarcasm . damn , sounding like an infp on her period here . you can do better intp . yes my chandelier . thanks for reminding me , damn thing has been collection spider webs for years . good . i'll break it down twice as better now . you cant just pop in and out of my arguments . you haven't said anything for a long time , either your slow to think of something to say or your being lazy . either way keep up or im not wasting my time ... yeah thanks for handling this one , i lost count of all the idiots . thanks for keeping them in check . ooh what happened with an enfp sicko ? ? i would rather not use one when i have much more interesting things to do , for example , tear down your argument . you can stop talking to your mirror now five thousand tries to me is about 2 seconds . meanwhile infjs need 2 years just to write about one day in their diary of feelings . hehe . you see my computer isn't as fast as my brain , and it couldn't take my genius , so it froze in amazement . then all of a sudden bam ! it just posted it twice because even the internet wanted ... infj thoughts are like dogs with rabies , runs in circles and all you see is crazy . oh my god im dying of laughter i'll have you know i trained my attention span to last atleast 4 seconds . if only intps could treat people with the dignity they do with their own thoughts i'll have you know i trained my attention span to last atleast 4 seconds . if only intps could treat people with the dignity they do with their own thoughts spreading my observation skills to the blind and reckless , yes i think i'm finally being productive . if only others could live up to their standards . maybe figuring things out isn't for you , hop back on your motorcycle and get your usual of tequila , you seemed smarter with it i may just be entp then . i've been contemplating whether i am entp or estp for about a year now : laughing : and yeah that sounds like me , i love thinking about things just for fun . how about me ? : tongue : i am a huge fan of south park so im gonna give this a shot ! kyle brovlovsky : definitely infj kenny mccormick : istp eric cartman : i think estp butters : isfp for sure wendy : enxj i know too many ... the goal is to try new things and see what ideas i can actually put to use . and test that do give me percentages usually do give me around the 50/50 . i was just asking what i sounded like lol but ... its nice to see your not following in the steps of your mother . i respect those that aren't butt hurt over their retarded parents . oh wait . this explains everything hah good one . now try to come up with a better one without taking a year . your little intp actions are so slow you cant even mount a snail . yeah im pretty positive your istp : happy : i see you as istp . i have an istp brother who seems to have a lot in common with you and he is spot on istp , he is also 17 so wow lol . i feel questions to do with anger help typing . how do you ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... i test equally as an estp and entp so i was wondering i relate to any of you guys . i think about things alot and kinda shut down to do it . i got an amazing wit , im pretty fast with comebacks and ... seem pretty ixfp to me . : happy : one question . do you ever feel as if sometimes you are very serious and other times you are more carefree ?