' well , i was considering a conversation that i had with a friend a month or so ago . it was about the cost of eating a pb & j every month . only , i just now began to question whether or not that was a ... hmmm ... a phrase that applies well in almost any situation . it just makes it sound like you're contemplating whatever they just said . even if you were thinking about some other random thing that ... no known phobias for me . wasps , bees and the like bother me but it's definitely not a phobia . i remember explaining to someone that if you don't bother bees , they probably won't bother you and , to ... i consider myself an artist , i enjoy writing , i've never tried dance , i play guitar just because guitar is easy to learn on your own and get a hold of ( otherwise i'd spring for piano ) . yes , many ... well he claims to have been loosing sleep over the whole ordeal for the past nine months . in my opinion that sounds like too long to grieve a lost relationship , but he wouldn't say anything about it ... i am an intp and i have a friend who i strongly believe to be entj . he's been a good friend of mine for about seven years , but we ended up drifting apart and seeing each other less and less after we ... hey , you'll probably have a great time on the forum . the intp section as well as most of the nt sections are generally very active , giving you a wide range of things to look at . perc is quick to ... actually , a few days ago i saw a couple doing that close huggy-touchy thing that lovers do . as i walked by , i scoffed without realizing it . i actually scoffed at it . i think that that indicates some ... i get bored and feel like i really need a book by the end of the day in my last class , which is , ironically , my literature class . it's not as bad when my phone isn't dead because i can just read on ... the only time i got my iq scored was when i was about 10 and my parents had me tested for adhd . they do an iq test alongside the adhd test or maybe as a part of it , but i scored about a 138-140 i ... when you take a test , like the psat , and the articles in the booklet genuinely intrigue you . you then accidentally spend the next ten minutes or so thinking about the article and going off on ... this got me so well the first time i saw it . my reaction time is pretty quick on occasion . it depends on what's happening and the priority it takes ( also how ' zoned out ' i am ) . if you drop your phone it'll hit the ground without a flinch . if i ... i got rid of may facebook account nearly seven months ago . i haven't felt like anything is missing . when i had facebook , i never used it . i would go months before going oh , yea , facebook ... well ... sitting at the lunch table : me : * sitting , reading something from my phone * others : * talking about something to themselves * * laughter * ... hey , i bet [ cesarthegreat ] has a plan to kill us all if he ... hmm ... the name isn't ringing a bell . i do , however , recognize your profile picture if that's any consolation . i've tested as a 5w6 . it seems pretty typical of intps . * sigh * i know , but i still enjoy the song immensely . 1 . you're walking through a forest , you come across a cabin , the door is wide open , do you go inside ? it's not definite , but i'd more likely at least peak in if not take a few steps inside . 2 ... 1 ) you hear there's a burglar breaking into your house , what do you do ? do you bustout your kung fu skills , do you bust out the gun in the cupboard , do you call the police , what do you do ? police ... when you want to make some popcorn , but you always burn it when you use the microwave for the time written on the bag , so you go and search recommendations for how long to cook popcorn for . you don't ... i enjoy math because it's something that i can work out and reason with . ( history and physical education can suck it . ) i remember being given one of those problems that , if you solve , will give you ... i don't really have a problem with stuttering when it comes to written text . if i can see it on the page , i can usually read it clearly . i feel like i'm reading ahead of what i'm saying so that i'm ... my art teacher tells me that i'm very good at art . i find that i don't really agree with him in some cases , but that's probably because i had a plan for it and what i see on the paper doesn't mach ... i have no idea . i have a terrible time with order of events . i probably remember things from my early childhood , however i can't really place their time unless they are attached to a specific event ... the term ocd is often misused today . a quick breakdown of the acronym makes it easy to understand . obsessive : this is a persons tendency to constantly obsess over one thing . be it an object , an ... i enjoy fan fiction for this reason . it's not usually because of the writing , ( good writing is appreciated though ) it's because of the ideas . i already know the characters that are present in fan ... when you're going to make a point online , and then you realize that you might not be completely sure about what you're saying , so you do thirty minutes of research to make sure that you make a valid ... i don't always get angry , but when i do , i prefer explosions . really this has only happened to me a few times , mostly around 10-13 . ( i'm nearly 17 now ) my best example of blowing up involves a ... what is the oddest form of travel you have experienced ( hot air balloon , camel back , supersonic jet etc . ) i went on a ride in a horse and carriage once when i was younger . do you know anyone ... i got asked to take a personality test and report my type for a study . i got interested in the idea when the site pegged me almost perfectly . i think intj would probably be my go-to personality . the ability to actually focus on a task , get it done and do it well without people having to constantly put me back on track sounds nice . i think it might have to do with the height golf the image . when it floored the first one , i edited the second to see if it rotated it right again and thus upright . all it did wasbpost two sideways ... it kept flipping my photos sideways . assuming that there was some cosmic force that required you to forfeit your intp-ness , for some asinine reason , what mbti personality would you most like to have instead . ( you can't take back intp , ... i look at all these nice looking intps and realize that this group of introverted individuals is very likely to be approached in a social setting because of appearances . if you think about it , nts are probably less likely to form relationships that produce children in a stable household . so other , more social types are likely to raise children that are social . even ... hot and dirty , a phrase that i both love and hate , depending on the context . initiation ceremonies are just things people invented to make new members feel like they overcame something and are now part of a community . basically what i'm saying is i don't need you or your ... i originally used my initials , crr , then a typo ended up making my user name csr . i used that for a while but found that if you try to say it , it sounds like caesar . so hence my user name . i did take ... i have a friend who once peeled the skin off of a frog while it was alive . i kept trying to reason with him , not because it revolted me , but because i thought why ? if you're going to kill something , ... it is awkward when someone who you see in class every day says something to you and you can't remember their name . if you're good enough though , you can address them in ways that avoid using their ... several times someone , who i don't know , has said hi ( my name ) as i walk past . i usually just quickly walk past and say hi back with no eye contact , an occasional smile , and a slight wave . i've ... i assume acetate is out of the question ? people who ask stupid questions get blunt , vague answers . what are you doing ? ... reading . what are you reading ? ... a book what's it about ? * eye begins twitching * a person what ... well , i could chalk it up to most of you having been on here for quite a while . you all might feel more communal , while i feel like i'm looking in from the outside more often than not . this does feel ... '