' i can relate to your point about niles ' giddy expressions , whenever he has a good idea . it's almost childlike . i notice these same expressions in my husband , an intp . you pointed out his ... i thought i remembered reading from the dr / rh website , that the sexual subtype doesn't have much to do with sexual relationships ; but , the one-on-one close relationships are very important to feel ... > > > the most important issue for this pair is negotiating the intimate relationship . the intensity of the one-to-ones can feel demanding , even overwhelming to their self pres partners . it ’ s not that ... when you don't realize that thinkers can have all these same feelings , too . honestly , this thread is upsetting . typical enfp at a party - mingling with an infj , plus mr . unknown personality , all in one breath . remember the scene when niles changed his mind about finding out if daphne is an official psychic , or not ? they hired the psychiatrist from univ . of seattle , but niles didn't want to know the ... hey , what's up ? you're supposed to be an fi ! ! ! must have been an uncontrollable exxp outburst who doesn't know the rules of the game . i'll gag your mouth for a while , because if an ... well , ya see , entj , the isfp told the story , but it's not finished yet . it was the product of a creative moment , and the wrinkles weren't ironed out , yet . if you had a more powerful ni ... yes , i agree . so , if a person is begging for words , and we feel wordless , then perhaps they want sympathetic words ( like , so sorry this happened to you ) . but , we are frozen inside and wordless , ... if someone poured their heart out to you ; if you couldn't respond for some reason ; and if that person blames you for your coldness ... please don't ever feel as if you need to defend your ... while niles , lillith , and frazier seem very n , they actually have too much interest in clothing for n's . they speak of their italian shoes and french suits . lillith is always impeccably ... you're right , roz is probably a thinker ... maybe estj . my first guess on lillith ? an intj . she and niles clash so much . they hate each other . but then they wind up in bed together , so maybe ... i think intjs can be very emotional , at times . anyone can get very emotional . this has nothing to do with deciding between infj and intj . marty crane : istp daphne moon : esfp frasier : entj niles : intj roz : esfj bulldog : estp what makes this show hysterical is that we expect niles and frasier to be the absolute best ... well , duh , look at the title of the thread . wouldn't you think this title attracts infjs ? and , yes , i did make the assumption that you were connecting infjs to paranoia , so maybe i did read ... yes , maybe it's safer to refrain from being critical of women who opt for an abortion , but it's certainly okay to say that you feel uncomfortable with the practice of using abortion as a form of ... no , this is the unhealthy type 1 person on the enneagram . could be other types , not just the infj . notice how you're avoiding confrontation . hey , the plan was to return home after the concert , and now the driver wants to change the plan and go to the after-party . an intj would remind the ... interesting . remember , these are your friends , in this example . so , if your friend thinks it's okay for person x to cheat on person y , you're saying that you'd be irritated with your friend for ... you walked out of the room ? hate confrontation ? hmmm ... intj's are more comfortable with confrontation , compared to other types . to me , this sounds like an infp moment . your concerns about ... not sure , if that's a gut instinct on knowing what to do with the computer ? your reaction was based on the power of reason and logic , because of your past experiences with computers , right ? so , ... < < < in fact , i've done a lot of reading the past two days of things i wrote when i was younger , and i was definitely a feeler as a child and adolescent , > > > i'm not convinced that whatever you ... thinkers spontaneously tend to critique ; feelers spontaneously appreciate . you suggested that your isfp sister work on her pitch . that comment was so spontaneous . it makes me think you're an ... leave it to an infp to get the characters mixed up . um ... it wasn't the cat who was communicating . it was a female intp humanoid . but , hey , if you want to argue with a cat , infp , go ahead .  ... sex in the city , or idiot's guide to sex this cracked me up , cuz i'm an infj , and i feel the same way . why bother with an esfp ? maybe if we teamed up against the esfp ... nah , i'm busy looking for my overdue library ... hey , you're a smart female istj , as we women can only hope that male isfps will shave ' once in a while ' . so , what about male istjs out there ? do you all shave everyday at 6:12 a . m . for exactly ... emotional sarcastic dig . must be an nf . oh , look , it is . ok , ya got me . hee hee , i will be planning a flagrant act of revenge on killingbunnies ... stay tuned , the next time you post , ... , pounce ! so , whatcha doin ' now ? looking up ' flagrant ' in ... actually , intj , i am not trying to be pseudo-intellectual . rather , i am truly intellectual . ah , it's heavenly to be so smart . so , what's you problem , intj ? what exactly are you disturbed ... ha ! an infp criticizing all of us ( sarcastically ) , to a fellow infp . uh ... oh ... the infp's are ganging up on us ! typical enfp . she must butt in , and laugh her ass off , but it's really a disguise to keep it friendly , because she doesn't think we can handle the criticism ... but we can ! yeah , it's not a bad thing for you , anyway ! you couldn't even decide which enfp porn freak you'd prefer . too many options , for ya ! entp brain freeze ! you wouldn't do anything ! ha ! hey , intp , okay , i will join the real world for a moment , and i will tell my intp husband to join the real world with me . wait a minute , where is he ? god , he was reading the word of the ... intp , how many dictionaries did you consult , before finally selecting your amazingly accurate definition of ' visionary ' ? um ... by the way , you were supposed to criticize the previous poster in ... yeah , it is our territory , esfp , but that doesn't stop the entps from competing with us . you'd know that , of course , if you stopped dusting off your cute nic-nacs and trophies , and maybe read a ... yes ! i've been contemplating a major life change . the final decision has to be mine . if close relatives try to sway me in one direction , i rebel , and i sway in the opposite direction . however , ... hey infp , you're telling an intp to stop underestimating your ability to finish poetry ? so , tell me , what do you know about estimation ? analytics ? statistical models for predicting outcomes ? ... that's because you're still creating a model for your type . in due time , you will be writing down all the specific insults for any intp . and it will be a perfect list , as long as you keep ... ah , clever , so you infp's do think sometimes , then , huh ? i wonder if your isfp sister is just using the verb doing since she is a doer type . maybe she relates more to action verbs . is she really trying to say , hey , what's up ? maybe she wants to ... so , you just formed an intp clique for yourself , then ? ha ! how insecure is that ? come on ... ya can't find the guy , istj ? get an estp to help you nail him . gosh , even i spotted him . snowbird lol , owfin was indeed having fun . you see , chimeric , we introverts know how to have fun , without people in the room ruining the moment ! try it sometime ! why do you need other ep's for fun , ... misconception ? no . i probably just misinterpreted the intended use of the word ' dictate ' in the original post . oh , is that what you meant ? okay . about your love for sarcasm , that was my fe at work . i'm inclined to say you're an infj , also . i could have given the same responses to many of these questions , particularly #20 . i also pace and talk to myself more openly ( but i never ... why not your first thought , that he's intp ? my husband is intp , and he is grounded with reality and details . he also loves to write science fiction , and he watches science fiction movies on tv ... hi , i've been on a fence lately , over an infj or intj thing . i've got the n nailed , thank god . my only thought about your post is that if you truly think your personality type doesn't dictate ... hi , this is bothering me , because for the past 12 years , i thought i was intj , and then i gradually began to doubt myself , and i'm fidgeting with infj for the past year . it's a rude awakening to ... '