' hopelessly motivated writing ;) tacos ! to carts ! ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ no ty but im sure he cute or sum ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ i'm so sad now . i talk too much :( i think if i just stay quiet and only talk when i have to , i'd be less annoying to the people around me :/ / have you considered unitarian ? tired ! ! which is actually really nice because i should he asleep by now lmao yay proper sleep scheduling ! :) i love trying new skincare products i can feel my skin soaking in moisture take some fucking sips babes ily a n x i e t y i woke up with a n x i e t y something tells me today will be t e r r i b l e sick also i slipped on black ice this morning , how symbolic im feeling an sense of discordance akin to how i felt in high school ? a part of me is satisfied that i've made friends that i feel more comfortable with in college and that i feel actually sorta ... meh . i'm definitely not the friendliest towards spiders , but i know their importance so i'm working on it . i think once i move into a bigger house and have more space , i'll appreciate them more . fears ( consumed by terror aaah ) i worked out today , and i don't feel like death ! there was a specific workout i did four days ago that i did and i hated , so i decided to try it again today ( especially because i waited three days ... sike dude chill malty oh jeez , sorry D: i guess i saw a different post i sincerely would rather never having to see my sister again if i could help it . currently she lives at home with my mom , dad , bro , and i and is in the process of house hunting , so she'll move away ... lease so frustrated , because i'm trying to get a job with no work experience , and it's like no one wants to hire me ... they're fairly menial jobs too : retail , cashier , etc . i'm smart ! ! i have a great ... lol i guess i should answer my own thread too huh :) i've always been enthralled by the concept of theatre since i was in middle school ( after seeing the phantom of the opera movie ) , but i didn't ... i feel the most neurotypical i've felt in a while . having depression and anxiety , i was so used to feeling hopeless and constantly anxious that i thought it would just be a sad twist to my ... i've yet to see any infp threads for theatre nerds , so i'm making one . this topic is about anything theatre related , including ( but not limited to ) recent shows ( ranging from local to broadway and ... ok , actual post lmao . i recent starting working out ! my goal is to be alot more flexible and balanced , as well as build body strength and endurance for dancing when i audition for musical theatre ... i just discovered nightmode and hoooly shit i'm so happy rn . more irresponsibly late night comments ! :D this is probably gross to comment but im pan af and yall are so attractive and im lowkey screeching rn scalp sent from my iphone using tapatalk oh god i just realized that i just listed bullying at school . it was pretty bad at church too [ emoji 23 ] was called a bitch several times ( because i was the only one who would call the popular kids on ... i used to get called a snitch and a bitch because i would tell the teacher when the kids would do something wrong . i still don't understand why it was so , but i was shunned by most of my ... i wish i had honey so i could heal my aching and phlemghy throat :( ( ( i hate being sick and spelling phghlemendnfn sent from my iphone using tapatalk phlem get out of my throaaat sent from my iphone using tapatalk also im siiick and my throat hurts so breathing feels like choking so i wanna die lmao i hope it goes away soon ! ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk hi ! i haven't been on perc in a minute lmao howdy :) i ! feel ! so ! motivated ! and im so happy because im finally starting plans to pursue musical theatre and i'm so excited and a lil ' nervous and ... looo ! ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk nonexistent . problem ? pfft please , that's how i'm getting into college . just gonna walk around the college campus out-smarting the tour guide 😎 how dee doo fellow , um , tugs on collar * intp-ers . it is is i , * reads palm * an intp-men . how it d-do , bros ? * sweats profusely * i want these glasses . i'm sad and hate everyone . still , i ordered black soap in the mail and i'm looking forward to trying it best i've heard such good review about it . hopefully it'll come in before i go to my bff's ... i hate people and society and my face and my boringness and my life and i really want senior year to start so i can tell everyone how i really feel about them without fear of out biting me in the ass ... i can't wait for senior year to start so i can be brutally honest and drown everyone in spilt tea . i simply don't care about being nice anymore , because i have no friends . the jerk on me just enjoys being right . it makes me feel , just for one second , like a genius . like i might be better than everyone else cx but that's the ego in me talking lol i literally haven't slept in several days because i have my deepest thoughts at night . what the fuck ;( now this is my kind of thread ! ! what's the greatest thing since sliced bread ? sandwiches ! ! :D cuz i'm ugly :) and cuz i'm genuinely not interested in dating right now * shrugs * i have time , i'm only in highschool cx to you-know-who , i don't think you ever like-liked me . and i'm ok with that , a little bit i think i'm finally moving on :) bitch , is you mad cuz my pussy pops severely , and yours don't ? ( im sorry ) 😂 i think i'm mostly a dreamer , with a sprinkling of healer . i like these subtypes . very interesting to see how each aspect of the infp manifests itself . keep up the good work man :) '