' welcome to perc adaryn 111 :) glad another infp has joined the ranks ! as a musician and a college student , i would not recommend getting a job on the weekend . trust me , learning a new instrument takes up huge amounts of energy and time to do it right ; you will end up ... welcome to perc numen :) there's a really good discussion going on here . very insightful on all ends . i am also an entp ( after mistyping myself about three times ) . it's nice to know we have ... i like this waiting idea for two reasons . one , because i confess i don't have the bals at the moment to actually make an obvious move . but i think that if i get more comfortable with him , it will be ... i have looked through the other posts in which people have tried to figure out if an intj is romantically interested in them , however , my ti or fe or both still aren't certain . if any of you could ... i would say you have nothing to worry about . you seem very intelligent and intuitive . the mysteriousness will be there naturally as he tries to figure out just what makes you tick . that's always ... i have to disagree with this analysis . your answer : i think of myself as chaotically organized . in other words , i value organization because it's necessary to life , but it's almost an ... i am much the same as it seems other entps are . i do not believe in god . if you try to shove your beliefs down my throat , expect to have them shoved up your ass . being an intp ( although i may be an entp ) i see a lot of similarities . after reading some replies from people , i can honestly say that i have no idea . if i had a conversation with you in person i ... give me a couple days to read through this whole thing and i will form an opinion or two a fucking men . in love , i am often as confusing as i am confused and will find myself wishing i could just understand what the fuck is going on . although ... i wouldn't be too terribly surprised if you were an intp or infp infj that's my guess :) i had that same thought literally a second before i saw this . i've never questioned that i was an introvert before but now ... ugh be careful with those insults there wsidis wouldn't want to be offending someone now would you ? welcome icantdecide i am sure that many of us intps have shared your plight to some extent ... i agree that the enneagram type might be a good thing to look into for you . enneagram has some insights ... the prison without bars is the most dangerous prison of them all one of the best poems ever written imo xvii ( i do not love you ... ) i do not love you as if you were salt-rose , or topaz , or the arrow of carnations the fire shoots off . i love you as certain dark things are to be loved , in secret , ... post your favorite poems whatever they may be beliefs are dangerous . beliefs allow the mind to stop functioning . a non-functioning mind is clincally dead . believe in nothing ... - maynard james keenen control your own destiny or someone else ... welcome dianne :) enfj my other favorite type :) the people i know did not participate in the study . they are just people i know . and i see , forgive my tendency to take things too personally . i'm working on that . refer to my last post . the study had over 200 people . i know 9 people . and if this is true , then like i said , please look at the adoptees and their parents . by similar i mean they matched in all ... i love sex . does that make me a prostitute ? no . it makes me someone who likes to have sex . i love food . does that make me fat ? don't accuse me of saying something i didn't say please ... you can ... i don't believe i said anything about all behavior being accounted for ... no , let me rephrase . i said nothing about personality accounting for everything a person does . before you tell me where i ... hahahaha ... i am supposed to be cleaning my room right now . why else would i be on perc ? i didn't say they were attention whores ? ... its far from isolated . the study that i participated in found that 80 % of the adopted children matched or more closely related in personality type to one or both biological parents than the adopted ... your answer to # 9 screams introvert to me because introverts are energized by their inner worlds and need to recharge after being social or out in the world . intp and entp are very similar ... it's ... i am dead serious . i have a personal experience with this . i was adopted at birth . i was raised by an esfj and an isfp with an enfj sister . i met my biological dad when i was 16 and a half . we participated in a ... words cannot express how true this is . i practically am a village elder to my friends ! i confess i did not read the whole thing . i got past the first paragraph and felt like i was reading something i had written ... i'd bet my life savings on intp . the aimlessness rules out intj . you ... intps and our atheism ... more people have died in the name of religion than there are people alive today . religion is a tool to control the masses . god , if god exists , is independent of ... our intuition can be deadly when wielded correctly . i don't know about you intps , but i can read people like books . after speaking to them i can tell them things about themselves they have never told ... hey shouldn't you be worrying about not making so many god damn waves and pissing people off ? ? you feely-judgers and your lack of logic ... i mean unless you count social logic you have basically ... welcome alecross ! it's nice to have another intj i can pick on :) intp is my educated guess . for one , you remind me a lot of myself in the way you think , reason and approach life . i think you're introverted because extraverts generally tend to feel the need to ... when you have more interests than there are days in a year . while i'm at it i think i'll insult myself , since i am above me . how about you focus for once and actually get some work done ? i bet your procrastinating something as i type . intps and their ... intps care about clothes only when they are convenient to care about . in this particular case , clothing was referenced in order to insult an intj , which just happens to be one of my favorite pass ... hey how about you take the stick out of your ass for once and loosen up ? breaking the rules is not only socially acceptable , but fun ! and while you're at it , how about you buy some new clothes ? ... thank you for taking the creativity test . the results show your brain dominance as being : left brain right brain 38 % that makes me very happy . thanks for the insight :) stupid people will just always be stupid i suppose ... but even the dumbest can be trained to act like they aren't when they need to i have to admit , usc has one awesome drumline . i could forgive the straight leg just for the sake of being in the drumline ! but ... i'm not that good ! :P don't take me the wrong way . i love and support the people who are putting their lives on the line to die for my freedoms . this recent experience has rubbed me the wrong way and made me curious ... i ... i also get very annoyed when someone tries to tell me that they know what is best for me and that i should stop playing video games ( or whatever i happen to be doing ) and do what they think i should ... '