' i'm not sure if he's really a villain , but the phantom of the opera is really the only one that i feel would fit . well , the only one that comes to mind . i like art :) 84885 i haven't written a poem in a while and my writer's block isn't helping . kiss her steady smile of regret shattered in the room another touch as she slides it into you happiness , a failed ... i'm not good at poetry or writing . how can i ? one of my favourite albums also this a timorous pool of longing and regret ... it's surrounded by purple swans mocking me as i struggle for breath . when you hide books under your mattress instead of porn . something to take melodies and songs that i think of in my head and make them into mp3s , kinda like the memory thing from harry potter ( can't remember the name , it's the silver stuff that comes out ... shoegazer like my bloody valentine , astrobrite , medicine , and cosmicdust . it's really fuzzy music and spacey too . then i also really like more emotional stuff like the cure , joy division , echo ... um , when i was 5 i would stick my head out the bus window on the way to school to see what it was like to be a dog infp either 5w4 or 4w5 i'm not sure . definitely night owl . night time is so serene and beautiful , it's really the only time of day that i get a chance to recharge and feel myself :) centipedes , getting alzheimers and forgetting who i am , cats with thumbs , never finding love , falling , clowns , being alone in a dark room full of clowns . school of social skills ? i don't have any specific stories , but my brother ( who is also an infp ) and i will sometimes have crazy conversations that go on random tangents . it's like a game of pingpong but with ideas . a lot ... i'll be 29 . hmmm , hopefully - - found someone and married her - played music in a band for a few years or ocntinue it - do something with my life that i love and care about - not be stuck in a ... one thing that i absolutely loathe is when people categorize either me or other people in conversation . it disgusts me when someone can look at another person and size them up without getting to ... so beautiful , but so sad at the same time . i love this song and this band :) i love music , it's one of the only ways that i feel comfortable expressing myself ( although i'm never really satisifed with it : unsure :) . anyway , i've had so much trouble meeting people that share ... i like melancholy a lot , i feel it's one of the most beautiful sounding words and emotions :) i was sensitive and timid , to say the least . sometimes i would have little bursts of being loud and obnoxious , but i spent 99 % of my time in my head . i was also rather private and needed my space . i get words mixed up sometimes and forget how i normally pronounce them , then if i stop paying attention to what i'm saying i'll start mumbling and trail off into nothingness . a lot of people ask me ... rachel goswell - she's not really a celebrity like super famous or anything , but she's the most beautiful person ever in my opinion <3 i've had a crush on her since i was 13 or so 67656 ... i'd stop everyone from categorizing other people and seeing them as individuals instead . i hate this . there's so much that i want to vent about , but i can't bring myself to type anything . the same has been going with my music / poetry . i'll either sit there with a pen in my hand or my ... robert smith from the cure , jim and william reid from the jesus and mary chain , billy corgan from the smashing pumpkins , and kevin shields from my bloody valentine . all of them have a lot of lyrics ... every time i come here to vent / write whatever , i forget what i want to say and it sucks , or i can't find the words to say it . the same goes for my poetry lately ... it all feels artificial : sad : ... 60927 i want a cat and a hedgehog when i grow up , they'll be best friends :) my favorite color is melancholy i like listening to binaural tones when i go to sleep . mostly theta and alpha range tones , they help with meditation and stuff too . the only downside is that it only really works for me if i'm ... 59520 i have a green one and a blue one we put the inf in infernet . over . everyone else in my family puts it under so i have to make sure to flip it . well , i'm more interested in arts than sciences , that's for sure . the things that i really , really enjoy are writing and music . i'd really like to become a writer or something , maybe doing music on ... so i'm 19 years old and a sophomore in college , i have no idea what i want to do while i'm at college . right now i'm a graphic design major , but something really irked me today . my professor just ... sometimes i like to sit on my deck in my backyard and look at the sky at night . my neighborhood is pretty quiet , so i like to go back there and think about all kinds of things . i also play ... can i bring my guitar and my notebook / drawing stuff ? i used to wonder if other people were real , or if i was even real . sometimes i felt like an alien , because nobody else really felt that way about life . heck , even my imaginary friends weren't ... aarown - a lot of my stuff is post-punk and noisepop / shoegaze inspired ( especially what i've been doing lately ) . it's hard to meet people with similar musical interests , especially when my area ... i also use music as an outlet , both listening and creating . i agree with the plant matter part lol :) . but i don't perform or anything , i haven't really met anyone that likes to play what i do and ... i feel angsty and ready to move far away from here . but i'm literally trapped in my current living position until at least may , and possibly for longer because i don't have the money to change ... not on youtube though , just my cd player . up next is slowdive's souvlaki :) 55364 here's mine people usually ask me if i'm high , sad , depressed , or just tired . it's usually just the last one . back when i used to smoke the weedstuff , anyone that wasn't a close friend didn't know if i was ... in highschool i was on the swim team . i didn't care much for the people , they were too loud and obnoxious , but swim practices were a good time to really stick inside my head because there really ... yes , i have a very dirty mind . i fantasize about playing in the mud , eating rocks and rolling around in the grass all day and then not bathing afterward ! quite the opposite of clean . judgmental people close-minded people people that follow fads because they're fads swimming pools people that call lil wayne a good guitarist my art history teacher who calls abstract art , ... bass guitar , i was going to buy it myself but my parents said that they would . it's nothing spectacular , a left handed bass that's been at the used instrument shop for two years . i played it and ... '