' agnostic antitheist . epistemologically , at times feel drawn to something like pantheism ( i blame runaway ni for that ) . definitely an antitheist in the sense of the definition given by hitchens , ... this might be somewhat outside your focused point of interest , but it ties into the principle of fractals , and how they structure reality , or vice versa , how reality self-organizes into a fractal ... this . it was a long time ago , but i still remember it . ah , at last . leat , you happy now ? :D raise your bacardi and i'll raise the bourbon irl ; over here , let it be mojitos . @ the entirety of this thread : i thought this was supposed to be a given . but then , yes , on second thought , you take a look around at the world and see how most people emulate , and try to fit in ... sigh . ok , my turn . i'm somewhere between gingertonic and leat . intp , so / sx , 584 tritype . i agree with and relate to ginger's argument about positive and negative reinforcement . got a lot of ... irony is the lifeblood of the universe . once you get past the layers of reality , quantum physics , micro / macro scope ... yes , every day , i become more and more convinced of it . likewise : laughing : / thread . cosmicjalapeno please do . like leat said , we eat ad hominems for breakfast . and tbh , i don't feel like studying anyway . so yes , show us the extent of your internet-boosted testosterone . implying you're not doing it to yourself . lol welcome back , troll . good times . this is the internet . everyone's a troll . deal with it . cosmicjalapeno you'll probably be embarrassed about the whole thing once you're no longer high , so why don't you take a break . and let's cut the troll bullshit passing itself off as pretentious ... yes ! i second that : laughing : on that point of the sine wave of my mood . yup , that time of the year again . waiting for gingertonic to set up his connection , so we can break out the ... same here :) but i'm noticing a pattern here xd facelessbeauty no fucking way ! i came over here to post this one , and you beat me to it again , this time with soad ? :D shit , i feel like a poser ... i'd say these factors are skewing your functioning significantly , but then , that's just using common sense ; i'm no psychologist or pharmacologist . i do have some understanding of how these drugs work ... ps : nvm , went through the other posts , pretty much everything i could have to say has been covered . leat especially summed up my thoughts ; we even use the same ( or at least similar ) concept of the ... late for the party again ! and i so wanted to contribute here ; facelessbeauty , you're quite a remarkable person . this is the primary reason why . ok , so i read through the whole questionnaire , and ... maybe we'll combine the two . save time & space . estp : * pulls out megaphone * i just had seeexxx ! ! !  story of my life . not so fast , you ! maybe you should start lurking around the intp parts , after all , before you make up your mind completely ... even if you aren't one , it might help crystallize and clarify things :) ... random statement of today ! this is the way i look at things , and simultaneously the reason i can't quite enjoy poetry : side note # 1 : 44701 same here , i've wanted that option too . add in norms between structures and authority . and we're good to go . sorry ! :D differentiate them ? yes , i like that . different enough to warrant separate questions , yet still flowing together . elegant solution . good point . i was drawing from an ... blah blah blah . scientific precision , meticulousness , taking relevant factors into account ; fine fine fine , moving on . addendum : the purpose of which is to make the user aware of internal ... esfj - you'll do it if you care for me . alternatively : you'll do it if you love me . i know , right ? :D they are beyond awesome ! alien padawan dewd here , late for class again . first , a side note . hela and marimeli are back ! celebrations are in order ! :D now , on to the main point . formal education in my country is ... the lurking suspicion i've always had about these , whenever i saw them , verified by 4chan and yourself , is the reason why i prefer observing to partaking : laughing : i recently purged a friend of several years from my life . somehow , the relationship had morphed into something that held no resemblance to what it used to be . i rarely go for permanent purges , but ... i make a point of selecting people i can consider friends over time . not everyone can slip past the acquaintance-friend buffer zone . in fact , i've been both described by others , and see myself as , ... isn't it obvious ? they're morons themselves . it's a moronception , so to speak . moron is in the eye of the beholder .  ... omg omg omg ! ! ! what if we're all morons ? ! how ironically appropriate , wouldn't you say ? one of the most epic songs , ever . the transition gets me every time . in fact , to illustrate how much i love this song , i'll share a random detail with you that almost no-one knows : fragments ... rift now that's candy , yo . speaking of which : it is morning over here on my lati-longitude . 43937 so , anyone want some candy ? :p roud : kittteeehzzz ! ! ! ... i was considering going with that , but something else occured to me ... how about something an intp can really relate to ? 43923 '