' te you'll be like a super idealist and without ne you'll be like and exfp with no imagination .. well if you want to buy an extra letter i'm down i didn't see that way but could you go more in depth ? also this is more of a fun what if question instead of i'll just get rid of it yeah i know what you mean but i'm saying i would toss out any of my functions , it's more of a what if thanks ! but aww .. okay this can be for any type ! so i'm an enfp i have 1st - ne ( extroverted intuition ) 2nd - fi ( introverted feeling ) 3rd - te ( extroverted thinking ) 4th - si ( introverted sensing ) so if i had to get ... lol , i mean i was like 70-80 % t before but the fact that it dropped made me wonder that usually happens with people but i never base my questions on how i feel i'm always honest to myself . people usually get different results because they're not honest and or their mood . every time ... so i took the mbti test again but this time i got assertive only by like 4 % . personally i can believe it but is this true ? can you change from being turbulent to assertive ? wooo enfp teamm yes i definitely agree you should definitely work and fix your weaknesses i get what you're saying our ne makes us wonder and lose track of the world . but still i being a sf they love differently and they give off a different vibe which i personally don't want ah true but where's the fun in overcoming your flaws ! but shoot i know enfj's and i don't know something about them i don't feel anything genuine .. but that's just me no no you're definitely welcomed to do it too ! i was just curious on the enfp perspective . haha yeah i get you but i learned to control my fi and i like how i can over come it from being awkward and not good at talking . ahahaha i agree that's something i want to get rid of but the thing is enfj have fe and personally i like my fi function i guess that's the independence in me meaning more i don't want be like a ... haha yeah true true , but in my personal order it'll go entp , enfj , esfp / infp match up . hahaha i loved the descriptions you gave for each type and i have to agree same but the thing about infp i don't like is the idealistic side of them being too idealistic i don't know if this is already out there but what i mean is like this . as your own personality type and you had to switch one letter what would it be ? my personal switch ( enfp ) if i had to ... well pretty much angel explained it but i guess if i personally dislike someone , i just don't talk to them at all . it's pretty obvious that they don't want to associate with you . but if they're just ... oh my gosh if this isn't me ! ! i love how you call it planning anxiety because i've been experiencing that so much my whole body wants to just have a complete spasm . but maybe that's just me .. haha well i agree with both but one way you can start sleeping a little earlier if you want is start writing down your thoughts . it helps clear your mind and or just talk to the somebody and you'll ... ahaha that sounds like a few infp i know . but traveling through dimensions sounds awesome , you get to explore so many new things ! oh yes this was definitely me . one time hearing something will not go through i have to be constantly reminded or it's huge pressure on me so i remember . but honestly the way i've gotten better at ... haha thank you so much ! have to agree when you see master procrastinator and tend to forget things .. it sucks because i always have to go back and forth haha sorta like a person you'll least expect ahahaha ! love the background information but what would you choose hero or villian ? hey ! i'm not that new here but what kind of personality are the moderators ? i definitely agree with the things i quoted i hate when people think just because you might be a year older does not mean all of a sudden i'll respect you . one example is church we have leaders ... soo true ! i didn't realize that till now actually but hypocrisy and secret back stabbing can make me easily end a friendship . so this this thread is going to be about if each personality type was a hero or a villains . powers ? characteristics ? ( optional ) background story i'm really curious on what you guys have ... lol yeah i definitely did that but overtime and with help i learned to make smart goals instead of something i know i can't achieve . one example is if i know i'm getting my paycheck i make a small ... i can see why you call that a flaw but hey i feel the same way . i don't think of it as a flaw i just use it more as a way of describing myself and being just the way i am . that's how i view and that ... ahaha the reason why i agree is because when i usually talk to girls i sometimes accidentally flirt and they start to catch feelings sadly this has been happening so much .. i could not remember to do anything and i just been stressing myself out . ahahaha ! agree ! and it sucks when you think about so many good ideas but never actually do it .. pretty self explanatory . this might sound like my last post but anyway i'll start .. (: joyous :) i love connecting with people and how people open up to me so easily . (: rolleyes :) i sorta hate ... haha yeah i agree it's just something we're not good at but i think it's because our ne just makes our minds wander wow thank you so much for sharing a part of your life like that and i saw how when they let you be yourself you really got to shine . also i actually have an intj dad and enfp mother they got less ... yes this was definitely me but i think this more towards it'll take time . so how i got over it i started to really realize ( i also got help ) that i need to get my shit done first . i learned to add ... hmm i feel like we're all happy go lucky but we can be easily influenced to be depressed . for example i'm naturally a happy person but i had a lot of depressed friends , the key is to recharge before ... yeah it's always fun to really be in our ne mind but personally how i sorta delt with that is instead of just using so much on emotion and draining yourself , try thinking about more fun and creative ... could you explain a little bit more because i still am confused with si ah i feel you , but i hope you can be more of a you know a little about alot . if that sounds right yeah we all over think so that's what honestly really sucks .. but do you mean you hate being told one way how to do it and not be able to be free and do it your own way ? omg wow i know exactly what you mean ! i personally think it's because our fi . hahah i feel you because the moment you let someone in your life that you thought you trusted just ends up being fake i'm quick to just cutting them off from my life . i don't know i feel like enfp's ... ahahah i love the sass because must not know ! we enfp might be nice people but you go too far they're going to see the true power of enfp : exterminate : '