' classical music is a more recent addition to my life , but i find it quite soothing . i would have to say right now my three favorites are : bach ( even if he can be argued baroque ) , tchaikovsky , and ... last dance . it's a nice song . it really bothers me . especially when it is such a simple concept or idea and they have no idea what they're talking about . it feels like i'm wasting my breath some days . but i've learned to get over ... i've have pretty developed people skills . although i'm finding more and more that i have to watch what i say . many of the people i associate with are f dominate , and find a need to explain things to ... i make others cry , by pointing out their very prominent flaws that in some way affect my life . but personally , i rarely cry . my resolution would be to improve my math work ethic . hey guys , i know i haven't been on for what feels like forever . grade 11 is truly killing my spare time . especially since i am almost failing math , which used to be one of my better subjects . i ... plain and simple . prove every point you make with an enormous amount of evidence so that any argument he could make is crushed in your wake . - compulsively organized and reorganized everything in your room ... and other's ... from a young age i thought that life would be better organized if it was sorted by category , sub category , and then ... be honest . don't disrespect me and lie . that's my main thing . make an everlasting impact on society and end up in the history books . i want to be unforgettable . right now i'm strongly doubting my personality type . merry christmas y'all ! ! ! now that i'm on break ill be posting like everyday ! :D love you all <3 i found a pen ! i found a pen ! success ! writers block ? ! ? damnit . sleeping beauty so fair she lies upon the sheets endless thoughts of hopes to be waiting there for heaves kiss sending her to perfect bliss . years and times go passing by as slowly rolling ... dear classmates , sometimes i only feel like myself when i'm online . why ? because here i am not afraid to admit all of who i am . out there though , you judge so harshly . it makes me stay in my ... cause i suck at adding pictures to these threads , i'll just give you the name and description . personality wise , i would honestly have to say rachel berry from glee . i know that she isn't ... that use to happen to me all the time . it happens to a lot of people really . something i find helps is thinking of who i am . how i am a great person , and that even if things don't go well at least i ... as an enfj i guess what i would say hurts me the most is others pain . seeing anothers suffer completely kills , especially when you know is there is nothing you can do to relieve it . this is most ... those people who when asked how good they are , scream they're fantastic when the whole room is quite . when you can justify anything , and your friends hate you for it . i'm feeling great ! nothing planned today , which means i can use the entire day to catch up and realax . however i can't find a pen >:( woot :) go jaws go ! razvan maybe for halloween lol i must say there are already a lot of threads discussing enfj's and manipulation . so to cover it all up , i'd have to say we are but most of the time it's unintentional . i feel pretty , oh so pretty . i feel pretty and witty and gay ! and i pity , any girl who isn't me today . your idea of being friendly is another persons idea of being a tease . niccolo machiavelli well maybe if you actually showed you care sometimes i'd want to marry you ! but no ! its never warm fuzzy feelings ! its always kill the warm fuzzies ! kill them all with you ! ... what happens when an enfj gets attached to something ? kc tan your amazing ! * hug * i am actually in a great mood . that sad depressing spell from forever ago has vanished , and i am slowly coming alive again . yay ! :D so ... i have my newest one . however due to where it is currently located being otherwise occupied you will have to wait for it . but i'll give you the title : puppets . i find that people often mistake my comments for rude when in reality they were meant as a joke . hey ! what if we all posted a picture of ourselves following a theme or idea ? i feel like dancing in the rain , but i don't have any rain :( home off of phantom thank you , it means a lot you saying so . my penpal is amazing :D what signs do you give off when you like someone ? ( romantically ) smiling , flirting , complimenting , asking to hang out a lot , personal conversations , and making them feel important . how do you ... 24863 this is when i feel the happiest . why is it people always fall in love with me ? my mood changes often . i just figured some things out . however this morning my mood is dismal . song : hallelujah by rufus wainwright . i feel great ! :D awe i love it . i see your face . so bright , so perfect . the hair cascades . long , dark , and perfect . you walk my way . thin waist , so perfect . the smile you save for them , truly perfect . the song : somewhere off of west side story . how i talk . i overcomplicate every sentence , just for the hell of it . ahh i understand i too have a huge passion for music . there's one song i've gotten pretty good at . i think i might share it eventually . it's off of wicked . '