' 321954 i'm flying :) i want to add one . i don't really enjoy drawing , but i love ideas . it should warp soon . i wanted everything touching . to slay the beast , to slay the beast , he must have had the finest of meat . the preparation the father must had taken , in order to bring forth such child as his child to slay a jabberwockey , ... i like to go to the pond in richard brautigan's poem a catfish friend . there i have conversations with catfish , not all catfish , only catfish is the only catfish living there . he's grumpy with my ... i think infp and 5w6 is a perfect twist . unsure why it has been a problem for many to accept , it's just and that's nice ( to be just ) . o . k . , so what it's like for me . i have two examples ... i would eat out more often if the majority of restaurants took into consideration food allergies and organic diets . since i have a strict diet , i eat at home most often . i don't actually enjoy ... chicken wing dip for those with dairy allergy and it's so tasty like the real . frank's hot sauce a little over half a cup . tofutti 8 oz . package ... my boarder collie mix , no idea with what though , he mostly resembles a black boarder collie with a bit of white chest . i created him up a bit , cause i like to do that . we found him for free at a ... my room ... a mattress on the floor . broken things are especially nice to me , a lot of broken mirrors , they remind me of a time and a lesson in time , the stories of them . also my grandmother's ... i mostly buy food . food organic veggies ( mushrooms , salad , tomato always ) almond milk tapioca bread gluten free cereals coconut ice-cream natural popcorn with no additives other than ... visual > auditory > kinesthetic i love mentos and the commercials they used to have for them . i buy food usually . today , i bought a steak ( which is now marinating ) , portabella mushrooms and utz kettle classics dark russets chips . yesterday i bought two books from the thrift store , lolita ... i think my mind looks like richard brautigan's written works , think something like watermelon sugar for long stretches of time or bits and pieces of relating images such as trout fishing and skinny ... i'm infp . phone ( that i forget about ) , keys , wallet , sun glasses , big red gum , fortunes , plus mini hand sanitizer that hangs on the side of the tote . i don't like to carry a lot of things , but i ... that i've found a home for my saved fortunes inside of a ceramic , child-painted turtle's back . i can picture him walking across the ground , glump , glump cause he's cooked clay and taking my ... it's just a starting point to test . it will help narrow down the enneagrams , provide the basic first thoughts and introduction . the discovery will come from the person reading through the ... rain drops . a raindrop dropping onto a toe and then i'm in the raindrop . i'm looking forward to watching some of these . it isn't that we're not catching and storing all of these lovely moments and details . i may have my head far away , but nothing is truly escaping me and it's just the trouble with time , is all . what ... basically , the way i've begun to parent my child-self , is by removing all male physical influencing . i have quiet to work with her in , little interference and lots of stage for voice . she's wide ... my needs had never been met , but i don't wish to change this . rather , it is that i am glad for what i had and who i've become because of it . i know my needs now , since they were lacking then . it's ... what were you like around 8-9 years old ? i was busy making worlds inside my head . i had a friend to go build forts with in the woods . i made a lot of inclosures inside the house too , in the attic , ... i'm interested to hear in what way you're suggesting her to prepare . adagio above , he and i have had conversations on end of the world scenarios and preparation with supplies and food . that ... i do , too . :P i was the opposite . when i found out that i am a 5w6 , i struggled because i am not an intellectual and i do not carry information around easy , i just like to discover things and keep looking at it , ... i am a 5w6 , 2w1 , 1w9 sx / sp i'm also cancer with a sag moon ( and he's mine ) , a dragon and i have a long life line , but a love line that is to be steadily alone until i'm prolly old , though i don't ... maybe intjs are often a personality that just allow us and we too allowing them and it's forbidden , but not forbidden . i'd prolly be happiest living in a fortress . it seems to me that she has already started participating and enjoys you . intjs are a wonderful match and mix em up . i like , too . i have a lot of food anxiety and paranoia . i worry whether it'll be an allergy , if it has chemical or antibiotics , if it has been tampered with or processed , if the animal suffered terribly in bad ... don't i know you ? in the grocery store's health food , organic , dairy and gluten free section reading all the labels on food before deciding to buy it . weather permitting , at the local farmer's markets . purchasing ...  makes me smile every time . i have more lucid dreams than not , because of this i have acknowledged my dream-self just as ' known ' and important as my wake-self , she's just as influential , just as ' solid ' and figures in a great ... owfin i am only speaking of my limited experience and not including each istj out there . blue ocean i prefer to put messages in a form that is more removed , such as poetry , story or reference . i wish more intjs did visit the infp forum . maybe more infps would interact there , like ... from my experience the istj seemed to be a real threat to my spirit and core . hmm , i do have an addicted personality , but as soon as i recognize i'm dependent i will try to throw the addiction off . i have a past relation with beaners like white and black crosses in my early ... i'm an sx / sp potential writer , too . though i've not been in the correct mood for it in awhiles , my contact is waning . i think he's drowned or in prison . perhaps married . i don't know exactly . when a little piece of tiki-tat-ta trips out across my tongue . that's it , basically . mostly pull from long term memory , i guess it is the strongest of the two and my short term memory is not ' toyed ' with enough to be of greater use , yet , until i spend time with it by making it dot to ... yes , i dream about writing messages to people , they are usually my way of trying to get the communication across , but i can never bring them to surface on wake . mine starts with a thought and if i keep adding them and making them into a movie picture , i think i pull mostly from known , ex . people , laughs and tone of voice before i'm able to make new using ... question : what animal would you believe represents yourself ? i think my animal totem is a spider , because they haunt my dream-world , childhood and touch me often in wake time . or if that is too ... i'm a 5w6 and find myself reading more often in the intj forum than here . the intps are not silly and funny enough in the way that i crave , i s'pose . i brush off a lot of topics that infps pick up ... well , she is going to wonder at everything you say . just keep that in mind and whether you say what's in your heart or show , be playful , loving , caring in your own creative way . as long as you're ... the answer is ... it's mine . all mine . :P ' making up ' my mind . this or that jeopardy or wheel of fortune spicy or sweet roller coaster or park bench mountains or beach sugar cone or waffle cone library then cafe give up speaking out-loud for a week or ... '