' how do you guys find the willingness to jump into relationships without overhtinking things ? do other infj's notice that our modern world is heavily favored toward subjective knowledge ? for me in personal relationships more specifically romantic one's it seems like fi is heavily favored ... ouch this hit me fight in the feels man . hope your doing better . hope i succeed . omg serena van der woodsen . fell so hard for this character lol . you know you love me xoxo gossip girl . i appreciate your response it will be valuable to my understanding of fi users . i'll admit that at times i can rub them the wrong way without meaning to like their fi rejects my fe at times . i'm not ... i'm so glad to hear that ! i just get hit with a rush of emotions at times and want to know that they are okay . i will add that many of the guys i talk to get pissed with their girlfriends for doing ... what is the other person doing that makes you boil ? i thought enxp types were my natural preference but there's something so adorable about infp's :) . they are just weird in a good way and i love ... i am one of those guys that wants to protect the infp . do you find this quality overwhelming ? i like that indirect approach it gives me the best shot at succeeding . the seduction of kindness is a powerful motivator . “ you don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world ... but you do have some ... strange i think i'm finding myself talking to an infp with similar interests . like she is known for trying to talk herself out of a relationsihp at least that's what her friend said . she's just ... yeah we are acquintances and she does get defensive . would you say it's better to simply walk away for my well being ? yeah we are acquintances and she does get defensive . once in this state is it more helpful for myself to simply walk away at this point ? i was just thinking the same thing ! is it more of a gradual build up ? how do you get infp's out from feelings of hatred ? like helping them remember the good things in life when they start to see everything as a personal attack . how do you get them to feel happy again ? how do you guys feel about a full blown emotional conversation in friendship or relationship ? i've always perceived this as a double edged sword when it comes to your type . the need to argue in ... how do enfps remain so positive about human beings and carrying yourselves with such enthusiasm . i find it extremely hard in social circles to maintain for such a long time . usually some pessimistic ... i think the person that started that line of thought is the same one that ended it :( . i've been attempting to do the same without someone else but it's so boring . well i mean it's part of the whole . when a person looks for batman or superman a detail like wears black vs red helps you identify who they are and how they wish to represent themselves . i did fall ... basically give out hippie energy vibes ? my current approach is visually out in the public do you gravitate towards some people . like hey this person is wearing / doing such and such i'm going to talk ... yeah that's one way i've been thinking about . a lot of infjs try to search for another mbti type they are dying to meet but i have been trying to change my clothing or feel more authentic . what ... omg nooo lol . * enfp . thank you honey ! on a mission to find some entp friendship or relationship . where do you guys like to hang out and are you guys prone to the night life or early risers . plus any other criteria that may help find one ... i'm on a mission to find some cool entps friend or relationship potential . so with that being said where do you guys like to hang out and are you guys more of a night owl or early riser to the places ... how do other infjs manage to feel positive when they feel like even after multiple attempts other people see your emotions as something that you should just brush off ? there's something beneficial in ... i get that to some extent . although i'm not an intp i kind of had this mask that i put in a lot of social settings it has excluded me from some people that were harmful but also from taking a chance ... i think your intp might be a bit unhealthy or at the least immature . does he seem depressed most of the time ? interesting i've only recently thought of finding some sense of comfort in the imperfections of human behavior . i'm definitely going to see what changes i can make in the present but keeping an eye ... yeah actually i've built quite a bit of inspiration from that concept of being the kind of person you needed as a child only i learned that as a child . for the same reason i don't like it when people ... do you use it as a tool to get your needs met ? i'm afraid i at times fall into the category of projecting my values not something i enjoy because i hate when people do it to me but it happens . she's hot in the way she doesn't give a damn that hulk is staring down at her lol . is that what intj women are like ? i think those are my best options within this social group and for now it's something simply annoying . the only solution i see is establishing a social circle that permits open discussion and similar ... yeah i agree for me it entails figuring out a bit of how this person came to conceptualize their reality . like mainly what social structures / religion / ideologies in the real world exist that ... no they see the logical consistencies of a person's argument to see if their actions meet with their true desires . in my experience infps do something similar to what you said but they don't take any ... couldn't have said it better myself :) . one problem that revealed itself in the discourse is the problem of dealing with a resentful person that you cant avoid . how do you proceed in your own ... yeah handle may not have been the best choice of words . i agree that they form the core of a persons identity . i like letting go because my current frustration is with people i don't know too well ... yeah i've entered into some nihilistic and misanthropic thoughts . similarly , studying the factors mostly social structures / ideologies that lead this person to have such beliefs has helped me quite a ... why do intps get this rep of being unemotional human beings ? they cry so they are not intps ? ? ? bull crap ! i'll admit that i tried to do the realm of reality check point but it's a lot harder for me because in the back of my mind i think . just because it's true in the present moment doesn't mean i want ... in dire conflict situations it seems like it's a mixture of both . although when i feel that i expressed my views clearly and in a calm manner it comes across as stuck up , snobbish , or judgmental . i'm ... intps how do you keep your mind from becoming too fixated on one idea ? or at the very least not to the point that it keeps you from trying new approaches . cool . not at the moment but i've met a few into women that i found some gravitational pull probably the ni . i'm looking for opportunities for growth . i've noticed a lot of negative feedback in chat ... in what areas in your personal lives do you find fe becoming like a despotism character ? how do you react to it and more importantly any tips on developing past this negative trait ? how do you handle personal values in self and others ? what is it about intjs that you guys find alluring in friendships but more so in romantic relationships ? i like them for their ability to express themselves in arguments while they don't tend to lose ... yes they do try to connect with people it's only when their own conception of how things should be in the world interfere with taking any action . it's establishing a position of moral integrity by ... i stay away from the infj forums for the same reason . i find it hard to relate to them because of the martyr complex ... yes i struggle with this at times but try to see how social factors and ... where have you been all my life ? ( feels sunshine and rainbows for a second ) . what are some ways you guys prefer an fe user to approach your emotions ? nope , i switched to the dark side . and by dark i mean fe lol well done on recognising / remembering me by the way :) glad to see you still around ! nice catch on the spelling ! i hope its the ... i like this entp she has a certain jenesequa ! what is your enneagram ? i'm a 5w6 even though i dont find that system very relliable . '