' when you have not been on this forum for two years and suddenly , while doing homework , you decide to drop in to personality cafe … couldn't even remember my login in name . i am off to go cook some ... married well , i have been married three times and the intj has been the most awesome so far . ;) love him ! that is why we hire people or better yet , if someone likes us enough they may offer to help . team work ! i love being me ! i wouldn't change a thing . there may have been a time when i didn't like it and was focused on trying to change who i was ? but nah , i am too old and life it too short to not just ... i suppose i have episodes where i appear hypomanic and i sure could be considered hypomanic but some but it is just what is normal for me . i am a little on the hyper side . even though i am on the ... did i just hear the word cheese ? omg i would die for , cut off my left arm , for cheese . i love it . any cheese and all cheese . there has not been a cheese that i have not enjoyed . when i am alone , i do odd things like get on perc ! i love it ! ! happy birthday to us ! * blank stare * why did i feel so compelled to open this thread , anyway ? bahahaha ! um yeahhh ... did you get the memo . hilarious . i love my confident geek , plus he is strong . double yay for me ! ! :) yay ! pontoon boats on ice - we can make it happen . lol i am not a math person - at all . totally not my thing , i wouldn't know what calculus was if it was in front of me . and believe it or not , the language arts kinda pisses me off also . i love to read ... i looks like a pontoon boat but since my birthday is in december - - - we may have to celebrate 6 months early . ;) i wasn't married three times for no reason ... i suppose if i wore underwear i could go pants free but i don't think my children would find that acceptable , although , my husband would love it . i compromise with shorts no matter what time of year ... i just go with it . being angry is pretty normal . i have learned to respond more than react the older i have gotten but anger is normal so there is no need to hold it back really . i think helping people is important to me . i actually have a bit of a problem when someone puts too much expectation on me but otherwise i love it . i talked to someone just a few days ago about ... no mama's boys ! ! ! someone who is independent , is a hard worker , and level minded , not too emotional . drewski had some excellent advice :) i just wanted to add that i am a huge people person ! i love people so much and i can get along with just about anyone . however , once in awhile i also feel ... my question is this ? did you name your roomba ? i named ours eva . lol i can tell my boundaries and because i am married - i set the boundary even stronger . i enjoy people , i love people but sometimes that means that a guy might get the wrong idea and like me a little ... sometimes i have trouble staying focused but i guess i make it a game with myself to prove that i can finish something - so i almost always finish what i start . but ... uhhh ... the 3000 piece puzzle ... sometimes i apologize and sometimes i don't , depend on how stubborn i am being . i have a hard time not accepting an apology , though . i have to agree because i don't always identify with all the enfp's here either . 7w8 is usually what i get when i test and what i identify with for the most part . i definitely identify with the 7 ... bahahahahahahahahahaha ! ! ! hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ! baby tiny unicorns . about 34 or something like that . maybe 35 . maybe still not settled down at 39 . lol i guess settling down to me equates to becoming more mature and thinking about things a little more ... air headed , maybe ... but not stupid . :) night owl - big time . i love any baby animal ! :) i try to be conscious of my attitude , cause i could have the tendency to be competitive if the other driver gets competitive with me . i try to be the nice one and let people in and such but then ... i agree that most people don't understand mbti so they aren't really looking for it . i know that people consider me a extrovert and that is about all i know . that part is not hard to miss . i am ... i can say i get an overload of emotions and get stressed out . what normally happens is that i am there for everyone else , doing lots of listening because that is what i like to do but then the time i ... i was about to say sorry , my toothbrush is pink . unless , they are a lousy kisser - then i would say a good passionate and intense kiss usually leads to sex for me . and because i am married - a good long , passionate and intimate kiss always leads to ... here i am to save the dayyy . i don't like to watch the news , period . i am not into any conspiracy theories ( other than the news only focuses on the bad stuff and i am on an anti-journalism ... is there such thing as unhealthy crying ? i don't think so . i think there is unhealthy anger and such that could go behind crying but just crying in general , hmmm . i think it depends on the emotion ... o + thank you :) i have new red going on right now . :) awww , too bad it is not you but i know you are equally as beautiful and if not more . i can't wait to go track down the thread . :) it is a real gem to get to see me angry . however , i am getting better at expressing myself in not-so-gemlike ways . my family is thankful . there are a lot of stories of which i shall share none ... me me me me i do ! ! ! after reading what frenchie wrote : i was thinking emotionally worse . i guess technically stress is worse because it kills our bodies . stress does a lot of damage . hmmm ... regret seems like it is more long term and stress seems short term . i think both can be overcome but i think regret would be the hardest . i am not exactly the most romantic person and might be a little more of a passionate person but i can tell you that i love my husband with everything in me . i guess romance means different things ... i don't know where the registered only photos are but i love our avatar ! see how much i pay attention ? you are adorable and yet i forget your name ? so me . i am female , 39 in a couple days , married 3 times , 3 children , a whole slough of step-children . my husband is an intj , he is 47 and an engineer . i am a stay-at-home mom who is about a year and half ... i would be bored beyond belief if i never failed . '