' thomas metzinger ( self model theory of subjectivity ) and alfred korzybski ( general semantics - the map is not the territory ) the duckworth lewis method - jiggery pokery not actually listening , but it's been stuck in my head for almost a week > _ < ... the way he just sort of sprawls in his chair ... making any place he is his own my favourite soundtrack is alan silvestri's back to the future : love-struck : as for instrumental music in general ... where do i even start ? how about keith jarrett's köln concert ... or the ... the way he pushes his glasses up his nose ... mine is a self-portrait of the three-in-the-morning , can't-sleep , let's-just-draw-something kind . it's a bit outdated , my hair's really short now . my usual avatar is a picture of gamsleiten 2 ( a ... my absolute favourite is progressive rock , though i also listen to metal , classical and some jazz ... isfp definitely . i tend to lurk in the isfp forums quite a lot ... subwoofers > _ < i don't really get electronic music and i've basically no idea at all about all the different styles / genres , but there are a few bands / songs that i do like . project pitchfork comes to mind . i love ... waiting for the debugger to start ... the program's plugins take ages to load . back to the future . i love all 3 parts , but the first is the best . ooooh , i'm not the only one who was scared by e . t . ! the scariest i've ever seen , though , was in the mouth of madness . my favourites are doctor who and top gear . or maybe i should say top gear was a favourite :( had a nice risotto for lunch . for once the canteen cooks managed to not make it completely flavourless . peter capaldi hair porn < . < > . > the same thing happens to me , but only when i access the forum at work through a windows terminal server . though sometimes it works then for a few minutes ( like right now ) . clicking on emoticons to ... oh , those isfps : happy : we're similar enough that i feel i really get them and their different way of perceiving gives them a perspective i often find fascinating . in general , i think they're ... journey - anything is possible never fails to cheer me up . hmm , 61 androgynous , 54 feminine , 48 masculine . i'm biologically female and identify as agender . james may's recent twitter posts make me smile . according to the author , the main protagonist in the storytellers : anterria is asexual . i haven't read it yet , so i can't tell you if it's any good , but at least it's a canonical ace for once . nice . haven't got a record player myself , but i might tell my colleague ... dragon age : inquisition first game i've played since starcraft way back when ... + 1000 for gender options <3 for me , the result was really quite fitting . i felt those slight inaccuracies were more because of how some particular statements were phrased than because of your ... eddie izzard ... ... ... dylan moran bill bailey fry & laurie ( i'm almost tempted to say clarkson , may & hammond , but i suspect they don't count as comedians :D ) i bought a pair of mrspeakers alpha dog headphones and goodness , they are amazing . they're very comfortable even on my ridiculously small head , they've probably got the best passive isolation of any ... would it be terribly clichéd to say macguyver ... ? :D also , star trek : tng and before that , when i was younger , animated shows like the animals of farthing wood . there was also one with people on a ... i can really only speculate , but i think my dad was an intj . we always got along well and shared a rather strange sense of humour . my mum is most likely an isfj , though unhealthy , if you want to ... i work on a program that is used in-house to manage all the products and services my company offers . it's hellishly complex - not technically , but in terms of business logic . for me the best part is ... mahler - symphony no . 2 i don't know anyone irl who has heard of them either . somehow i always manage to look at their tour calendar when they're almost done with germany . found out last tuesday that they were going to be ... for a couple of years my favourite band has been riverside , a polish progressive rock band . it used to be blind guardian , but unfortunately in their last few albums their music taken a direction i ... 459 the contemplative . i'm a software developer . not exactly typical for an infp , but it was decided at a time when my fi was not exactly accessible to me ( due to extremely repressing my emotions ) . well , turns out i'm good ... my mum's an isfj . we don't get along that well , our values are just too different . she's also a very judgmental and prejudiced person who tends to see the world in black and white . the only reason we ... hmm , i might do nano this year , now i don't have to make time for both college and work anymore ( yay ! ) . fromuz's new album sodom and gomorrah i used to be really physically awkward , always walking into things , losing my balance just standing , etc . it got better , but i don't think i'm anywhere near elegant . at least for most people's ... some of the best and most stimulating conversations i've had has been with an intj . just watched the qualifying for motogp in laguna seca tomorrow . stefan bradl on pole ! so excited ! - - sent from my xperia sp using tapatalk 4 - - okay , that's weird . maybe it only works sporadically ? something has clearly changed . the thanks button is working now , too . very strange . well , as long as it works i have nothing to complain about ... it's working fine now , so i guess you managed to update the forum plugin . thanks ! :-) - - sent from my xperia sp using tapatalk 4 - - habanera rocket by elephant 9 hm , i didn't get any errors in tapatalk 2 . some things like notifications just simply didn't work , without any reason given . i didn't think too much about it until i recently installed tapatalk 4 ... mark knopfler ( dire straits ) buckethead jon schaffer ( iced earth , demons & wizards ) nope , nothing changed . either the admin / s didn't see my post or they don't care . i hope if they did see it and decided to do something about it ( or not ) they'd at least let us know in this thread . ... - rikk eccent - the garden of delights sent from my xperia sp using tapatalk 4 in the hopes that some forum admin will read this ... this forum's tapatalk api plugin is outdated , probably has been for a long time . neither notifications ( on subscribed threads , etc . ) nor the ... i don't usually remember my dreams , only perhaps once or twice a year and when i do , they're always so bizarre and confusing that it would be impossible to talk about them or write them down . ... '