' thank you for the song =) i can definitely relate to it , especially fairly recently . i would like to share this song with you all because i think it's healthier for the mind and i just rediscovered ... i just listened to this song and loved it ... and i think you all will too =) he could be an enfj , however the boundaries are hard to define ( like you said ) because of his trauma issues . i'm working with my own too and there are some habits that need to be changed of course but ... also followed i believe i'm also a enneagram 4 with a 5 wing as i can relate to the description of it . he just told me i should exercise and didn't provide other additional therapy resources . :d ry : fortunately , my homeowner's son talked to me and was helpful in being there to listen and provide some ... right , i meant that i have been clinically diagnosed as being depressed . for me , i've been going on this for a while now and i should have explained myself better . i've been on zoloft and my recent ... as an enfj who's currently depressed , i've been on ssris for about a week now and i have to say i don't think it's helping for me personally . i just can't get myself to do any work recently and ... well i can say i've been depressed and am battling with it and my lack of focus .. it's pushed me to what i think is an infj / p mode . :d ry : today's been a bummer , i couldn't sleep last night and got a ... free mbti mugs ! i used to run all the time and love it . i'm getting back to it now and will be trying to run at least more than 2 miles 4 times a week . 85302 here's to making your reality better everyday . i got a ticket yesterday and i'm not letting it bother me today : crazy : anyone here fans of breaking bad ? i need to get one of those , so i could fill it with the two 12 packs of organic soy milk i just got for the school year from costco : cool : i guess i'm back on the forum : wink : freezeframe for me they've been clingy and people who were unsure of what they wanted out of life and of course a huge sex drive ( which i've always avoided just to wait for a mutual attraction ) maybe ... ho316 the amount of regulations california has = _ = and i also feel the need to find a new place to call home shapaha hit me up if you want to hang out sometime , i'm still in riverside for my public ... what about thousand island or ranch with fries , i would think it pretty weird also : tongue : there are some sauces that i've tried work pretty well like curry ketchup mmmh . 22 cookie_thief just recatching up with friends , tried yogurt soju for the first time ( yum ) , and preparing for tomorrow's funeral . i'm pretty damn pissed this time and want to rant .. woke up to the sound of pounding , my dad was setting up the dividers to the desk i was finishing up last night , in the room i was sleeping in ... i ... my meaning is to try and embrace all meanings ; find and suggest philosophies to fit people and also pretty recently to bring existentialism into their lives if they seem uncertain and push them into ... freezeframe jungledisco existentialism / philosophy combined with psychology , both of you have my attention and extra love / admiration points , if i had those to give ; just because i adore those fields ... lol at the conversation i had with my dad when we drove home . my dad was saying to me my father-in-law ( grandfather ) never respects me or my parents . don't you think he should follow up with what ... ringer and what's your position ? i could only guess some form of christianity , since you defended it or you could just be a defender of truth , but i wouldn't know . mine is the existentialist ... a friend is great , but a group of them is usually even better =] i think it would be good to take some time to yourself and be out in nature or if you can't , a walk during the night . what have you been stressed about ? everyone seems pretty stupid at first , but ... ringer ummm , that's what i had to do by explaining my views . most people think their own method is better , the other poster was also doing the same thing . the actuality of the entire argument ... ... it's amazing that you don't get i'm putting questions out there , just for the sake of it . that statement about teachers is a pretty biased view .. and what's confusing about questioning ... okay , well we're going to disagree on this . it technically is a book of the physically dead . yeah , there should be a point to why there is many people who believe in their religions today ; but ... true , my vision is pretty narrow . like you said , there was only one actual meaning the writers intended . to quote myself : i think if one wants to get a better whole view ; they should study ... grandmother died yesterday from pancreatic cancer which spread to her brain . when i rushed on home and saw her first before going into a deep coma she opened her eyes widely and made a gesture . next ... meditate or if you don't believe in it , think about yourself in a 1-2- 3 process . example take a time when both parties are pissed at each other or just one party is . then look at it from your ... this paragraph is contradicting what this statement you can't just pick and choose what you want from the bible , you have to take it as a whole . as far as what male and women roles are , ... i received a phone call in the morning and found out that my grandmother is in a coma and might not last long . this conversation was happening , while i'm focusing on what to do to speed up the ... for those of you confused as to what my simulated reality explanation was about , i think that life is similar to a simulation . what purpose is the universe supposed to fulfill still eludes me and ... for those of you who like to be ironic about things and just troll others join the church of the subgenius . they're a parody religion . i'm going to ask each one of you how you got to your beliefs and why you continue in it till this present moment , prepare yourselves . have you read tim ferris ' 4 hour work week or 4 hour chef ? his videos , which condense the information in those book , are also on the youtube subscription i subscribed and gave you info on . too many thoughts about this topic , that i'm pretty much open to anything nowadays . i'm trying to lean myself towards being an uncarved block like winnie the pooh in the tao of pooh , mostly due to ... mr . x i still need to take a look at that video series you linked me . i'll be sure to take a look at it later today , after sleeping of course =P and because i have a feeling you'll appreciate ... why don't you remember ? you've alienated yourself too much from us ms . alien , when you consciously forgot that we were all ... i have , namaste . yeah , many people learn differently whether by being openly aware of everything or just listening to others and hearing specific things . i'm usually part of the latter . i ... sorry , but i'll have to correct you there i don't know about things , but as far as how society is , i think i have a general and clearer idea than some ? we're not lonely in this department , there are ... alienambassador sorry correction , i meant their entire lives being under constant surveillance ... and yes i'm sorry for myself too , but it's nothing compared to the generation that has been under ... silly-ness bruce schneier : prosecuting snowden - - i believe that history will hail snowden as a hero - - his whistle-blowing exposed a surveillance state and a secrecy machine run amok . i'm less optimistic of ... so i just took my macoeconomics test being 20 minutes late and sat next to a woman . i started taking down the answers and she kept copying me from page one and i was thinking oh no you didn't , you ... '