' it was worth letting you in . glimpsing in to you - i saw myself in a better place . the world wasn't gray , the flowers bloomed . we defied gravity with every word . we let out the rage and left ... starlight days and aurora nights how i wish for this i'm drawn into the void within , its a place i've been before . whispers in the dark is all the noise i hear as of late . i've crossed then realms of this world to listen to your heart . its crowded ... time ticks on , my lust for lust increases seconds rise with each heart beat love is a world i long to be in tangled up emotions , withdrawn from reality time is everything that stands in my way . endless hours become days , months and years i've waited for the hour , the moment it comes along . it seems like eternity searching for what comes next . words jumbled they're all blocked from the ... i cradled your heart when the light escaped your very eyes i held you close when the frozen reality sunk in hell was upon us yet we thrived in the dark i still search for you in moonlight i ... time ticks down words locked behind closed doors piece by piece this heart crumbles feelings of solitude scorn this heart every second time fly's by i stand still holding , unable to let go .. loves beauty lives on in us . love felt yet never worn . love has knelt you many times before . love the wind in your sail . love the smile in the rain . love words your heart feels love courage to ... so he's a normal guy thats distant not only from himself but from you too . can you describe in nearly a year the extent of his emotional connection to you . cause i mean after nearly a ... rain drops on this withered heart . life is but meaning in the feelings . the struggle to withstand . becoming whole again . love is hard . i feel i'm splitting my soul once more , the emotions rip into me like fine blades . i'm afraid of losing who i am . sigh . i wish i could voice some things out but i don't have anyone left that would ... another day ends with the rise of the sun . another tear drop felt drop onto the pieces of this tattered heart . i almost lost it , its just hard to see , keeping other at a distance . i feel the need ... the journey within presents itself through vengeful sights and hard felt blows every punch bringing you down further and further .. but do they keep you down .. every broken experience and heart ... i'd really appreciate hearing your stories or advice on mastering excessive feelings / emotions and i'm sure other young infj / enfj would benefit too . mastering excessive feelings / emotions is a ... first of all this isn't a flaw , more so you just need a bit more understanding of yourself . giving off vibes and such is a very subconscious thing , we don't necessarily think about it . you are ... i've come to the realization that i've been suppressing huge amounts of intense anger rage & hostility . i thought i was happy but it was just a lie i was telling myself . rage anger & hostility is ... worlds collide if and when hearts do is up to you . can i live for a moment why is it so hard to find the meaning in this pain . i can't keep running ... i can't stop running .. i'm outta breath ... there's a certain savagery in these words that just portrays the raw emotion of it all so beautifully . i love it so much . passive yet intimidating , subtle yet fierce , a warning but it feels like an ... hello , i read the situation your going through from your previous post in this fourm . i want to say that its hard , definitely hard to just tell yourself things are going to be different . its hard ... really ? , that is interesting maybe we should be best friends c : mhm but no really that has me quite curious . love love just hold me close . hold me close , please . please just don't let go . don't let go of who i am . who i am is everything you want . everything you wanted , right here standing in front of ... i'm so very sad to hear you are going through a rough time . if i could reach across this screen i'd give a long warm hug , if need be a shoulder to cry on . it's definitely not easy to just go through ... pardon the intrusion xd i personally like to feel like everyone has an aura of sorts , whether it be a color or a feeling with it . i feel we all have a sort of signal we give off , whether vocally ... master of time and space be strong man , its not easy to watch something like this happen and you definitely feel guilty about it . i'd acknowledge your own thoughts and feelings when you mention it or ... to be honest just reading that kind of angered me a bit haha . i personally take relationships seriously whether it be friendship or love . so if i knew 2 friends dating over a year and one of them ... how do you become at peace with yourself ? hello so i'm gonna take this posts name as essentially what it is your asking along with things you've mentioned . so how do i become at peace with myself , ... feeling so conflicted with emotion and thoughts like i got 24 things to say and 50 questions right behind them . then i feel like i just get frustrated with it all and choose to not give a fuck . its ... , you two are incredibly adorable <3 that whole back and fourth made smile lots . xd i do feel we should keep her , as long as she doesn't press all the buttons ! ! ahaha ... another day ends with the rise of the sun another tear drop felt drop onto the pieces of this tattered heart i almost lost it , its just hard to see , keeping other at a distance i feel the need to ... gentlelions although its not that its hard for me to share with others , but more so i'm careful whom i share with . thanks for the some what heartfelt reply . sometimes i ponder why i understand feelings so well , then other times i feel like i can't even begin to comprehend them ... there's so much i am keeping within i feel like i'm slowly shattering ... you were there for a moment , distant and unable to see . i grasped at your hands and held them close you were my sun , my rain , my pillow to rest upon you were the night i desperately sought solemn ... bliss release the feelings i hold close to me . the incantations i seldom share with another . the feeling of receiving equal affection . the night is my zone , my world , my time . reflection ... withered by scars , i seek love in whole . i seldom see the light within the dark . brisked with the words that ended my hearts loving reign . the pain swiftly came with the illusion of a dream ... thank you for this beautiful reminder . in my personal experiences im not sure i hope so , cause after seven years she became more then just my girlfriend she was like a best friend . im sure she's closing herself in and doing things to ... i just went through 7 years with an infp my relationship ended 3 days ago . sadly i was shut out and closed the door on . i know how it feels . the approach i'd use is simply be not emotional but u ... its finally ended 7 years of love ... i shed all i can and in the end she wouldn't let me speak . she shut me out and simply closed the door . how you make 7years go away and tell urself it didnt ... i lay my heart to rest each night , i breath in again . i feel and i feel , these thoughts linger on and on . peace is light and warm like the love i share with you . yet the fire stokes beneath those ... the darkness of this room seeps in again i'm alone , yet never really alone the words ... these words .. they whisper of resentment . i hear them say many things , i dare not shed light to . my voice ... i feel like the one thing that matters now to me is just the quality of the love i'm receiving . other then that i guess i've become super laid back , i used to have a list . maybe its got something to ... i'm in a state of thoughts , just thinking about a lot . choices .. decisions made .. any clarity i've strived to gain . i think about a lot at night for years now . i see myself at a distance , i peer ... rebel rebel rebel rebel the feeling of utter demise rebel from the dark yet fight to survie rebel from those whom keep you cornerd rebel rebel rebel rebel feelings of discouragement rebel ... i am the test within myself i feel the need to flow outward , to align these broken thoughts i see the darkness around me , the despair of feeling alone the fierce veil before me does not block the ... just realized i missed a month on my sr22 : c fuck my life ... i'm just hoping my license isn't suspended . even more so that i don't have to do 3 more years cause i am on my last year ... i am pretty sure i am a guy and a infj . one of my real life friends is a infj as well he can be pretty subborn with me , i guess i know what it feels like . so we do exsist , i can be confident and a ... how the fuck am i still alive ... legit was me for the past 2 weeks . not even playin . v . v i really don't know how i do this . thanks . i'm still processing . '