' i don't really get clingy . if i feel as though i'm being ignored i just tend to pull away and will be more apathetic than usual . typically he'll notice though , but i don't want to talk about it as ... i think joining the military at this point would only exasperate your condition since they're .. well , not too friendly there , and since it's not something you seem to want to do yourself you'd come ... fuck having an island , i could buy iceland ! how much would it cost to buy a country ;) if that was an option , anyway . i'd probably buy a large plot of land , customize my house to be zombie and ... i was thinking of perhaps moving to either canada or somewhere in europe .. probably england , britain , or germany after graduating college . the thing is , i know it's extremely expensive to immigrate ... i understand you have personal qualms with that place , but i don't really see it as being any different from anywhere else ... a change of scenery is always nice , and i think my plants would probably ... i've moved out of my parent's house , have started college , i work in a nursing home .. i didn't move to a different state like i'd originally wanted to , but i'm just glad to have my own apartment . i ... it's been a long time since i've dropped off the face of the earth and neglected most of the forums i loved to frequent , and things have changed . so once again , i say hello to you all . :) kfc ( my previous employer ) wasn't going to pay for college . there's not much that i could do at my age and job experience . so i figured : what's going to give me an advantage over other people when i ... less technical difficulties seem to happen when texting rather than speaking on the phone . technical difficulties seem to irritate both parties . i also have to pay more attention when on the phone , ... i just got a call today from one of the places i've interviewed with . i am now a certified nursing assistant at hcr manor care . i don't know whether i'll like it there or not yet , i'll get back to ... hrm . i don't respond well to anger . my response back would be , come back when you've cooled down and we'll discuss this calmly . have you directly , calmly , brought up this issue before ? before any ... i did check on tinychat and there is a personalitycafe room on there , run by the user happy ( so i'm guessing that is this forum's happy , or it's someone who used his name ) . the link to it is happy - ... i've managed to poke and prod at some friends enough to get them to fix their bad grammar and spelling . i have made new grammar nazis , and i'm proud . :p roud : certain flaws are adorable , others are highly annoying . my favorite ones : social awkwardness , grabby / touchyness ( think more with random pokes and hugs ) , randomness , the total romantic , and the ... i'm a + i've donated once , and , donating actually helped me confront my fears of needles . that was basically my plan all along - subject myself to donating blood to desensitize myself to my fear of ... are you sure this isn't because you're a 7 rather than being enfp ? : wink : i haven't really been physically violent , but i have used other means , like personal knowledge of the person and observed weaknesses and manipulation against people who have done me wrong . i can be ... i love enfp's large egos and self confidence : happy : being one letter away ( and a few cognitive functions switched ) away from an infp makes me like you guys already ~ - mushy nfp hugs all around - entjs , for sure . awww kevin ! - hugs - ! this made my day =D it really did ~ i've noticed on here that a lot of infps are , for their friends , the shoulder to cry on , and the ready ears to listen to whatever problems may come up . this also hold true for me . i do , however , ... since this is for intps , this wouldn't work for the other types , eh ? ( as i've been seeing different types seeing what they'd be : tongue : ) if it could be used for other types , i suppose i'd be ... infp 14 . i guess i just barely made it to not being highly sensitive . : shocked : with our great powers of empathy , it is certainly a capability we have , however , some don't use it . i've never heard of ho'oponopono ... maybe i'll google it . hm . aw hun , when are you going to show them ? keep us updated . :) i do believe you went about this in an appropriate manner as well , and , just don't worry so much about what they say , since this isn't ... i find relationships to be emotionally and physically draining when it's with the wrong person , so i am careful with who i'm dating . the majority of my relationships hadn't gotten past two weeks ... what do you want then ... ? how does one reply to a comment like that ? i'm a virgo . i'm nothing like the description of one : tongue : nice to see another infp ! * gives a big warm bear hug * i do believe you'll like it here :) my favorites at the moment in no particular order : infj , enfp , intp , entp . 1 . how do you feel when you're starved of emotional understanding ? i start stressing and getting frustrated with myself , then i eventually detach emotionally and from others . in those times i'll ... i'm currently a junior . i'll be graduating in january , since i'm in the early graduation program . i don't know how many other schools have that , since most schools have all eight classes in a day all ... it's nice to see what's on the other side : wink : i do think it'd be more helpful though to look at the functions and break those down for the types rather than just e / i s / n f / t p / j . do you have ... well hai thar , welcome :p roud : please don't eat me ! yeah ... i don't think infp globalchatter will be back up anytime soon . promethea talked to kara , and i forget - exactly - what was said , but it was sort of basically she wasn't going to put time into ... fuck yes ! except , i love the frappucinos . they're like coffee milkshakes . <3 in my experience , it's easier for me to manipulate feelers than thinkers ... thinkers take more time and energy . with feelers , at first you befriend them , empathize , lull them into a false sence of ... mom - esfj dad ( finally had him officially test =D ) - istj older brother ( not exactly sure ? ) - intj little siblings ( not exactly sure either and may be too young to type ): esfp , estj , isfp ... the thirteenth step - a perfect circle lateralus - tool the lonely position of neutral - trust company ghost reveries - opeth saturday night wrist - deftones fucking amazing <3 o_o you're far beyond the age of the supposed oedipus complex i'm sure . another part of the sabotage - the trust issues . sure , we want someone to open up to , who may understand ... there may be someone right there . but . do you trust them ? do you trust to let them see ... blue infp :) green was just below i can completely relate ^ _ ^ ; i only have about 1-2 really really close friends too . but even though ... most of the time , no one really knows what's going on . and , with the skills to read other ... new infp . come to take over your forums . best beware : tongue : me and a few other newer users on here are from infpglobalchatter , however , since that site went down , some of us have come here . ... '