' that's great ! i bet the majority of xers are like your friends ( especially in real life , outside of the internet and sterile wars between gens that occur here and there ) . but while researching ... thank you ! <3 two of my best friends are intj girls ( took the test ) and they're really awesome . i also think my childhood best friend that i've known for 10 + years is an intj too , all the functions ... i don't think so , on the contrary i find boomers and millenials quite similar and respectful of each other ( i'm a y gen whose parents are late boomers , so of course i'm not completely objective ) . i ... yeah it depends on who are the persons , generally i hang out with people who more or less have the same interests as me , same musical tastes , appreciation of art etc . and mostly intuitives i guess ... the producer yeah i think i know what you mean about the opposite gender , when you're not necessarily interested in the other person and you control your gestures & stuff so your natural enfp charm ... oh you don't have to be sorry ! you're great listeners and great interlocutors ! it's just an irrational fear in my mind that i'd like to erase ! :p roud : i thought introverts liked more one on one ... how do you feel about them ? they make me uncomfortable and i always try to avoid them : rolleyes : . especially when the other person is an introvert , it puts pressure on me as i feel i have to ... don't worry ! :) my dad is an istj and my mum is an enfp , they've been married for 30 years and they complete each other perfectly . my dad's weaknesses are my mum's strenghts and vice versa , and there ... i remember when i was 6 i saw a psychologist who tested my iq and i scored 137 but i can't remember which scale was used or whatsoever . anyway i don't think it matters that much , i'd say that enfps ... spongebob squarepants definitely yes , i've been through this , mostly when i was anxious about exams and deadlines ( and then i would worry about lack of sleep , and not sleep at all ) . i've noticed it was also correlated ... it depends on my mood and on the season , usually during autumn and winter i'm more into new wave , synthpop from the 80 ' s , shoegaze , braindance and various experimental artists ( like yello ) . during ... hopefully most of you are too nice and carefree for this ! whether infps want or don't want to be manipulative , i think they have a great potential for it . i know very well infps and they're amazing psychologists , they can read people too easily . so , as they ... i'm part of the gang ! and i'm too lazy to develop any further i feel you dear mango ! but is success ( aka what is considered success , like money , work , family etc ) really important after all ? according to objective criteria , i'm a huge loser too ( 24 yo yet ... same ! constant need to change that i perceive as self improvement , oriented towards openness to the world , objectivity , keeping in touch with reality . i always have in mind an ideal version of myself ... besties : entp , infj , intj great friends : enfp , infp , esfp friends : isfj , enfj , isfp , estp i totally agree with this ! and also about having time for creative stuff . i have a ton of hobbies and honestly i can spend days alone without getting bored , but i rather quickly miss people and tend ... sometimes i wish i was a sensor , to be less naive , more grounded and to dare more things . intuition is both awesome and horrible , i hate feeling kind of trapped inside my head and detached from ... me :-D hah , it's true that i see more estps & entps with enneagram 7w8 , so i think a 7w8 enfp can appear similar to these types . i wouldn't say i'm agressive , but rather quick-tempered . i ... haha clearly ! this is my level of focus : your mother is enfp ? mine too ! ( but istj dad ) . it's a bit like what you've described , poor ... dogs : love_heart : do you include chihuahuas ? they aren't very popular , many people like to qualify them as rats ... but they're the most adorable little doggos ! ! ... wow so many interesting ideas ! of course japan ! how could have i forgotten to mention it ! where are you from syvelocin ? if you happen to go to france , i recommend you to visit paris ( obviously ) , ... yay i love lists ! - travel to costa rica to explore the jungle and help orphaned sloths - participate again in a coffee workshop where i'd taste coffees and learn some barista methods ( such as ... what about joseph gordon-levitt ? i'm not into celebrities and stuff but damn , he's a hella good looking man ... aaadd edison tea is nice too ( even if it's far from being as awesome as coffee : tongue : ) , let's share a nice yuzu flavored green sencha ! ... thanks for this sharing this test that is completely new to me ! i just took it , and here are my results : top 5 strengths : - curiosity 94 % - visionary 88 % - communication 88 % - problem solving ... hi ! i'm a girl but i don't think my interests are that different from those of my male counterparts . in that case , you should find enfps in coffee houses ( yes . coffee is love . coffee is life . ) , ... i recently found out one of my best friends is an intj and she's the most hilarious person alive ! she's also quite straightforward which makes things even more hilarious when someone pisses her off ... erm neither , i was actually talking about this : but food and those paper ribbons are alright too ! : crazy : holy sh * t already 16 pages ! : shocked : this is almost getting out of control ... * brings poppers * yay , an orgy of extraverted intuition ! i'm in . don't be scared short cake cake , they're just entps being entps the more we are the better it is ! well i did expect this kind of answer . surprise me , you wit masters ! you totally described my former best friend ( enfp who seemed much more like a nasty estj ) . i was amazed how she could have 2 completely different faces . at first , she seems charming , nice , a social ... i'm bored , what's up entps ? i didn't think about this aspect of fi ! personally i don't really like this function , these days mine's completely mute while i'm focused on intuition and thinking . otherwise i'm too moody . fe is ... enfj . i'd like to trade my p for a j . no procrastination anymore . oh my life would be much simpler ! ! yeah it's true , entps and social justice aren't incompatible . even my brother who likes to be seen as an enemy of human rights genuinely cares about injustice . but he only focuses on financial ... haha that's true , i remember the first years i took his classes , despite the ne connection i felt lost at some times , like what the hell is his point ? ? . to me , it was a lot of scattered ... i dig up this post because i have trouble typing my professor ( enfp or entp ? ) and i'd like your help ! he's one of my favorite college teachers , his courses have changed my vision of the world and ... i don't understand socionics , but everytime i took the test i was also enfp ( iee ) and i think it fits me . but i've read many times that it's normal if your sociotype isn't the same as your mbti type ... yep , huge trouble with si . i'm always late and i lose / forget everything , whether it's umbrellas or words or events . or i'd rather say that my memory is completely random , i can remember dumb stuff ... i've read many negative posts about them , especially from inxx who said they were annoying drama queens and party animals ( it's like the typical fight between introverts and extroverts ) . stereotypes ... - entps are the absolute best ! what i particularly like about them is that they are not touchy at all . we can pleasantly argue about everything , if you contradict them not only they don't take it ... yep i totally get it , i'd also fear the awkwardness of these very different groups of very different persons trying to find common interests and get along together . but at the same time i trust their ... little gum & leictreon oh , it sucks . good luck to overcome all this , i hope you'll heal , with or without the help of a nice , loving person . i chose this color mostly because i thought it looked good , but also because this creation was about the pre-built : pre-built toy , pre-built conception of masculinity , pre-built conception of art ... aya the abysswalker ｅｘａｃｔｌｙ ミュージック '