' alright how about this one . it might be small ! but it smells like a big one :P masturbation is great ... until you realize you are just fuckin ' yourself . thats a scary invitation ! hmm alright i'll oblige . do you want to have good sex ? no oh good ! come to my place then ! the person above is it sexy ? i put the std in stud , all i need is u . sometimes i wear a fur jockstrap . sometimes i kiss feet . sometimes i dance on a stripper pole . typo cheer up ! all these single infj's in one place ! jackpot ! i tend to get along just fine with intp's . although sometimes i drive them a little crazy or push them out of their comfort zone . generally i get along well enough for a bimonthly quiet dinner ... odd you don't an appreciation for clever and insightful linguistics . to each his own i guess . perhaps you prefer family guy fart jokes :P nonsense ! this is our theme song ! hmm well this now explains why i was asked to introduce myself , i thought i was the entp sexuality page ... must have clicked to the next thread on accident . was waiting for people to get kinky ! oh i don't doubt i am an entp , i just don't believe you should let your type define who you are . my whole family has been typed , the people i date etc . i just don't think one should think just ... oh i used to just read articles going on a few years now . about a year or two ago i joined just to reply to a post that really pissed me off . i have read a lot of carl yung and find the study of ... there is your intro , you happy now bromigo ? i am too lazy to copy the questions so i shall just type my answers . 1 . 24 2 . usa 3rd gen ( german / polish ) 3 . from crazy wild get togethers to locking myself in my room for hours . 4 . trust ... exactly , make the illusion a reality . hmm i like dating the intuitives more , for instance when i enter and i am dating a sensor she always asks , is it in yet ? i can't feel anything . the perk about dating an intuitive is she can just ... i personally prefer infj's , they are entertaining and if you give them time can even give you a run for your money in a debate . ( as long as they have loosened up a bit and are comfortable ) plus it's ... @ entj's and intp's . normally in the what i have observed the entj pushes the intp too hard annoying the poor turtle and the intp frustrates the entj with their placid nature . i am sure it differs ... psh , i was just having an entertaining read and then skipped ahead to a very depressing ending ! it took all the motivation to write something away from me :( personally i have only had success with ... i started reading from page one , skipped to page 23 . it went from interesting and sexy talk to cleaning ? wtf ! lets get back to the sexy talk ! if you wanna play ad tribagasm entp d4 mid / top . my favorite role is mid , but when i was getting close to master last season i wasn't able to compete with the other high elo mid laners in part do to the fact i play champs that ... i think i'd give up my t , at least i'd still be dominant ne haha it was just funny , i don't give a fuck though :P i hate clothes anyway . after months of absence and i return to see johnnyyukon still posting topless pics :P things don't change much here hahaha observer nice penis if the answer is yes as i would guess , i shall confirm that you are an infj . i think infjs are allowed to hate stupid people as well :P hmm i shall administer a simple test , have you ever imagined yourself riding a unicorn ? it really depends on my mood , if i am drunk you probably can go for it . otherwise if you aren't dating me its goina make me really uncomfortable . i can't really hug family , the last time i hugged ... pillowtopmermaid well you caught me :P i've been guilty of dating infj's almost exclusively so i have a little experience with them ! hmm i like that hobby , sounds much better than sneaking onto pc ... it was a blast ;) i loved it haha , she had a free pass to sleep with women as long as they were disease free . i had to move away for work , life happens ! sometimes i forget who i am , and who i act like i am . i don't usually introduce friends to other friends as i seem to have a persona for each group . i sometimes wonder if i am a sociopath , then ... my estp ex was so efficient she could do two people at the same time :D now i have a weird image of an infj and infp dating and i just imagine two people hugging for an incredible long time in the comfort of their home . i will admit i barely read anything , but pillow top mermaid sounds like an infj name , plus you got those weird anime porn guys in your pic ! you type too nice to be an intj imho ! the fact you seem ... haha , um i recommend hanging out with the estp's they are the only ones who can keep me in shape and photogenic ! for that pic i recommend a double shot of vodka , take off some clothes then ... i challenge you to a needle fight : stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye :: flushed :: scream :: smiling_imp :: imp : * gasps * bookmarks link to share with all my entp friends . i can make a fortune selling this link to find the elusive infj's which i thoroughly enjoyed :D i was tempted to send you a picture of my bedroom when you asked for bedroom pics , sadly i wasn't at home at the time ;) oh i am not holy i got sin stick and a hell hole like the rest of the male population ! but we can't choose what we are attracted to , right ? what about latex ? ? ? you are right , though there are not very many gay entps , but there are a lot of bisexual entps . particularily the women . we go to strip clubs and have a blast ! i personally am not , but with a ... hehe i have never taken it before , but i imagine i wouldn't be the worst straight lay out there :P yes ! apparently istp's do not live on treadmills and eat dumbbells which was a disappointment ! we are actually forming a skype group for people who need a little more human interaction ! if you are ... i thought istp's lived at the gym > > ? ? and hello all i am a lost entp who invaded this form to see what types are lonely ! why does my sin stick point at things that i like ? '