' double well i'm no enfj , but it seems like it's an fe trait to be able to tell more or less accurately what others are feeling . i , as infj , can relate to that , although of course fe doms are usually masters ... sounds like an estj i know to me :D would you take it as a compliment ? xd oi , espts ~ how do you feel about a random ( well not that random , think a person you might have seen and exchanged a few words with but never actually talked ) person approaching you and saying that ... i might be a little upset , depending on how much i liked the person and what kind of relationship we had . i'd eventually let go and probably get obsessed with a new person in a couple of months lol . all sensible infjs , do as this man says . seriously though , sei 35 i can tell exactly where your realisation is coming from , and i think most other infjs will be able to relate to that . it's called ... i agree with what infjaxyg said , and also note that even 7 months may be a relatively short period of time for an infj and it may be easy to overwhelm / intimidate her with the way you display your ... you know that emo kid with a bag covered with anime pins , probably dyed hair , black oversized jumper with kanji and a passion for all things japanese ? most likely has an obsession for drawing manga , ... if you didn't like them in that way , though , would you reject someone who confessed to you or say nothing in order not to hurt the other person's feelings ? gender : male age : 21-31 intelligence : gifted openness : conservative mbti personality profile : istj closest alternative we found : istp ehhh , cool . i'm female , teen and infj . i'd argue about ... lollipops and candy cotton :) i forgot to mention we're both girls and i am very positive she's into girls too . she just prefers them / they pronouns and i got used to that , my bad . anyways , yes we do actually have one-on-one ... this just makes me want to hug all insecure / afraid infps . misterdarwin i just wanted to say , yes that woman is so on point . i love people , i really do , especially when i'm in a group of friends and they're all full of positive energy i can reflect ... congratulations on that . you just got an achievement . name it in an entp way . hi , so basically there's this infp i really like and we've been good friends for a couple of years and two months ago i wrote them what i guess could be called a love letter ( not completely about ... yeah , that does sound like intp actually . infps ... i'm not saying , they're crybabies , but they surely react more intensely , i think . this post is old by now ! but i just wanted to say thank you ? because i was just going through this thread and , having a similar situation with an infp i like , your answer gave me a whole different ... very . like , really , a lot . especially the emotions bit since this is their primary function . if you struggle with determining your feelings , you're probably intp . do you enjoy figuring things out ... yes , there was definitely some humour in it . i think maybe some trying to make fun of the situation , also making remarks regarding why maybe it's good things went another way but ironically , in a way ... alright then ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ i see . ok then . sorry . have a nice day . hey . we're just being passionate . it's true , dear intps . you posess fascinating minds . ... ayayay don't run away , we're just trying to be friendly , lol . . nuh-uh , bro . this is not how you do it . don't you even dare try stop us . you shall not stop the ni overdrive carousel of happinesss b ^ ) uuum , funny you should ask that being an entp but here comes a response from a person who's apparently been quite good friends with one . from what i recall , my friend after being rejected by an infj ... yyyyeah ... thanks xd isn't friendship a part of the relationship spectrum though ? especially the brother / sister type , i'd imagine it somewhere between friendzone and love . although now we arrive at ... that's cute then . i can definitely see how he's changed and now that i have given it a thought , i'm a beta tester for his development as much as he is for mine . i think it's awesome that we can grow ... oh , i see , you were being sarcastic * akhem * i mean , i knew you were , but still . yes that is what i wanted lol . i'm not interested in him romantically at all so just thought how creepy it would get ... this might sound weird , but you ntps especially really can be brilliant de-stressers . especially for n-doms i think , just get that ne going and chill b ^ ) now you got me wondering if intps are ... xd #achievementaccomplished yeah , i agree with jamaia here that this could mean literally anything . i'm no entp , but lol even i can tell there's not enough info : 0 hi all , i've been good friends with an entp for two years now and i'm not quite sure how he sees me now . to me , he's like a younger brother even though he's a bit older but it's usually me who takes ... yeah ... i think i'm just being a little too impatient as now that i think about , it only happened this week , haha :d istress : i probably shouldn't rush . thanks , though ! <3 shit . i think that makes so much sense . now that i think about it , i do remember them forwarding things on tumblr related to love and all of a sudden , as the ghosting thing was happening , they ... i only have an esfp friend . we get along well enough , but i have an infj friend who's best friends with an esfp and she sometimes says said esfp can't fully understand her but overall it seems to be ... hi guys , it's me again . so i have liked this infp for over two years now and ended up confessing recently by writing a letter and putting it in their pocket ... uuuh ... it was meant to be much less ... uh , to be honest that doesn't really sound entp at all , much alone intp ( the making everyone feel as i feel bit ? nah , intps have their fe last ) but if they really are entp , they must be really ... * gives megmento a hug * sadly , this is very true . even when your closest friends try and fail to understand you , you feel thankful because not many people eveb care enough to try , haha . i have met both an infj and an ... oh yes . i'm forever guilty of that . i hardly ever remember whom i told what D: what was the cute bit here ? xd me too actually , it's a really interesting story but i think that'd be digging too deep into personal stuff of a person who doesn't even have an account on ... well that's quite clever . what if you don't have anything to flavour it with , though ? but , but i love this game ! i've been playing it ever since i can remember not only with entps ( although i do take exceptional pleasure in having the entp as my second player ) how did i know an entp would do this ;) my ni senses an interesting incoming conversation about how different types choose their ice cream flavours . because personally , i always automatically ... hm , i'm not a guy but if i were him i'd probably be in a huge mess right now trying to get my life together . if we tend to overthink little things , think about the level of intensity of his brain now ... i think it's even more so because ni i think believes it's strong or stronger than other people so doesn't need help because it can process things on its own and come out of its dark cave when ... double :/ hahaha i agree , that would probably just go absolutely nuts after the mere 5 seconds . ice cream yay ! '