' you think so ? thanks for pointing that out ! : happy : maybe i am . i've been thinking so more and more myself lately . the problem is that i can relate to all the introverted functions better than the ... i say i don't know , but you won't know what i mean . i might not know , i might not care , i might not want to make my opinion known . i find it difficult to let anyone really know me , so it has ... welcome prometheusunbound ! :) you're welcome electriccat ! : happy : welcome back ! :) timeless , i'm sorry to bother you , but i'd like to change my name to flyingdaydreamer . welcome katt 930 ! :) i like these tests ! : happy : and i'm kinda curious what i would get on each of them . 1-3 contemplative , reserved , solitary 3.0 4 . gentle , imaginative , intellectual , grounded 5 . curious , ... welcome lifelovething ! such a difficult situation . why couldn't love just be easy ? hope you get good advice ! welcome fellow infj ! and thanks ! :) liked your intro title : happy : welcome ! welcome sarafreitas ! not that this explains why , but female thinkers are less common than female feelers and intuitives are less common than sensors . strange really . you've come to the right place to ... welcome alexandra 123 ! glad you joined ! : happy : my brother is an entj , but he's probably the only entj i know and for obvious reasons i've never tried dating him . : tongue : my advice will therefore be from a slightly one-sided , brother-sister ... loads of people feel that way about introducing themselves , me included . and you're not alone doubting your type , either . like you said , you seem to be a stereotypical infp , so you've probably typed ... welcome erusia ! i'd say this is a great place to learn about this stuff and meet other people . hope you'll enjoy it ! :) welcome chinatsu ! hope you'll enjoy it here ! well , your title reminded me that i have other things to do; i'm also a procrastinator ... so see you around another time : tongue : i'm an infj 1 . ) going to bed knowing you can sleep for as long as you want or a compliment from a stranger . 2 . ) the smell of freshly-baked bread or a full fridge after grocery shopping . 3 . ) ... hi jessica , i'm so sorry to hear about your husband . hope you'll feel at home here and can discover more of yourself . i wish you the warmest of welcomes ! ps your title caught my interest . i ... haha , i thought i was the only one moving around in darkness . don't know many people i've scared ... however i'm not really noticing that i can't see anything ; i'm too occupied inside my head ( i'm not ... welcome lovebeam wishes a fellow climber ( even though i usually climb indoors ) . sounds fun studying painting in italy . :) infj social work studies i'd say n definitely f f welcome ! i like your excitement . hope you'll enjoy it here . :) welcome roswelina ! i'm another newbie , who also enjoys this site . :) thanks , i love your username ! probably the best i've seen so far . :) interesting idea ! infj 2/10 both my parents are isfjs . sometimes it's hard being intuitive around them , but usually we get along well . it's interesting that they are the same type . i think that's created a special connection ... mom - isfj dad - isfj me - infj brother 1 - infj brother 2 - entj ( never taken a test but i'm convinced he is ) paternal grandparents - isfj ( guessing ) maternal grandma - esfp ( guessing ) ... treebob , timeless , promethea could you change my name to annica with a capital n thanks in advance ! :) welcome black shugar ! i also know the feeling of discovering i'm not alone . hope you'll feel at home here ! / another newbie an awkward hi to everyone ! i've never really liked introducing myself , but i thought i should give it a go , and at least let you know i exist : wink : i stumbled over this forum just recently and ... i love luna . she is just so much herself . she lives in her own world , but is still very perceptive . snape's awesome ! there's no other word for it . i also happen to be very fond of harry . i ... '