' personally , i was thinking this would be more of an sj type job in a ways . i was having some issues a while back finding a job . couldn't get a job in the arts and crafts store , which was my ideal . i did get a job interview before , but was not given a call back . i always ... personally , i don't want astrology , numerology and all that garbage to be true because i did research on my own personality and i hate it . it makes me look like i have no good future in what i ... would love to develop more ne and ti spiritual intelligence , emotionally somewhat smart , but intellectually stupid . ah ~ i see . you're kinda the theatre version of an anime fan . from what i observe of sjs ( and some grown-ups in general , god forbid , though i do not stereotype in any way ) they don't know how to be ... first off , i'm terribly sorry with the straining relationship with your parents . i agree that what chimeric gave is good advice . though i'm quite curious , what things do you talk about with your ... ugh ... some of his stuff is good , but some of it is just ... yeah , but a lot of entps aren't really my cup of tea . no offense . no one controls your life , and don't let others control yours . nobody is perfect , and you're not perfect . nobody can live up to your standards and sometimes you fail to live up to your own . it's ... thank you all so much for the advice . it may even help to take these ideas as tips for when i get interviewed . well , of course , but i would think they needed a more professional answer and i'm not sure what answer i should give them . i can give them a very emotionally honest answer , but that doesn't fly well ... i am trying to fill out a position for a kennel assistant at a vet . i have some experience dealing with dogs and some cats . i'm very gentle and sweet with the animals , but i know that reason ... that sounds about right to me . well ... it's more of having issues with being too silent ( the unhealthy introverted part ) i would like to change , but being a guy for a day is not my idea of a joy ride . ... but i guess i would be a ... i'd rather change mbti type than a sex change . i don't want to give bad advice , but my opinion is she jumped too quickly and she is in the fantasy fairytale land about you . i was like that in high school , too about my crushes . it was just ... from what i read so far , he sounds more like he has attachment issues more than just being and estj . also , the ballet thing : you both have an interest in the arts , but i cannot think a guy would ... i wonder what it would be like without infps ? i don't want to sound cynical , so i'll keep my fingers closed . 62984 o . o omg ! ahhh ! a gary stu then . lol i don't know if this is the right place for this thread , but we shall see . let's see ... how can i explain this . according to a personality quiz i will not give out where it's at because i don't ... chili . better get away from me . i might explode pc . sending up prayers . maybe i read shallowy into this , but oh my goodenss ! people actually think like this ? have you tried doing any cognitive functions testing ? i find what you have written to be a bit foggy . you are definitely a p . i believe i do see an introverted function . i'm having a hard time ... cock-a-doodle-doo ! i did say most didn't i ? lol we're not hippies . we're just cultured and down-to-earth common people who don't like a whole lot of labels . we are simple , but we are full of awesome ! : cool : lingerie ! : laughing : i'm sorry . i'm joking . but to be honest , i believe an enfp male likes the flirt , but the problem is most of them have the attention span of a chicken . keep a little mystery ... simple : relationships are all about give and take . stop thinking about what you can take from the relationship and start giving more into it . when the relationships are getting rocky , sit down and ... then stop putting people into boxes then . simple as that . human beings are complex creatures whether you're using mbti , color personality , ennegram , keirsey , the four humors , or whatever . it's ... i would say go for it , but make sure you set boundaries because of this guy's rep and what you know about him . you're crazier than * insert name that has a c or k sound . * your like a toy that never breaks . to be honest , this is one of those back away type situations you don't need to get involved in . that's just my opinion because a friend going in a direction like her sounds like uncharted ... well ... when it's something that keeps you sane and you can't get excited about a job in the area that you know you can do well enought to stick with it , that's the only piece of hope . so is what you believe in by saying that . now if you excuse me , you are someone i don't have to agree with or believe in . though , i do disagree with that ( but in all cases , i was having good fun with you , and not necesassarily meaning bringing up marriage on the first date , which i hope you didn't misunderstand ) i was ... how's about having a few plot bunnies in mind on how that could work out ? :D there's a little gollum in all of us . forget dating . how about marriage ? nah ~ i like to use facebook to say what's on my mind * le gasp * like , omg ! she's a narcissist ! nah , i like playing some of the games , sharing music i'm listening to , what i'm laughing at , keeping ... hello and welcome , darling .  it seems to me also that i agree with the people who have pointed out that you may have issues with depression . i think you are also unhappy with your job situation as well as your social life , and ... i just ... i just can't see myself dating a sensor . i would like more intellectual compatibility and mental stimulation to teach me stuff about life and other practical ... and someone with an awesome ... well , 1 . enfps are adorable . 2 . the things some people come up with for threads . xd 3 . mind explosions ! ! ! this thread makes me lol . i'm in the same boat as the op to a certain extent . however , i'm kinda a bit scared i'm just settling to a certain extent ... or i'm just getting older . i think , bottom line , we need a lifestyle ... somebody read my blog ? o . o how do you know she's an enfp and not an esfp ? not that i care or anything . * cynical towards teen romance * '