' oh man i need these back please =( i know an intp 1 . i actually briefly considered a 2 typing , which would have been more bizarre , but the giving / generosity was basically 1 - motivated in nature . frankly , he's the most intjish intp ... ime it's doable but you need to use ne to come up with new things external to the relationship to keep things new . if you get too complacent then yeah this relationship gets boring ... edit : what ... entp 6w7 possibly sp / sx wouldn't mind a pm exchange of questions or something . katherine 8 i recommend using username-youre-responding-to so people know who you're responding to . ugh i eventually had to stop in the middle of the test . like many enneagram tests i've taken , i got fed up in the middle with having to choose between two things that poorly describe me . at some ... on the one hand , you're both pedantic . on the other hand , out of all the types in the world you found the only other one that would understand why someone could be pedantic about such seemingly ... animal how does what you're describing apply more to sp / sx than sp / so ? ( if i relate to the entirety of your sp / sx description can i definitively close the case on my instinct stack , or are ... what kind of intense ? sooo is japan 1w9 or 9w1 ? here for my biannual checkup . still pretty sure i'm a 6 although i've been seeing 7 more lately , for good and for bad ( i'm getting so habituated to running from responsibilities i'm starting to ... if 2s are not the compulsive giver type , what type are those people ? because they definitely exist , and the more warm gushy but with some manipulative streak ones i've always tentatively ... the instincts are a giant mess . people can't even agree on whether a first instinct is an instinct you're good at or not ( or if that's totally irrelevant ) i personally find tritype theory to be ... some of your observations about this are very interesting / helpful to me ( as an entp trying to figure out type ) i'm sorry if this is a thread derail ( and if so could we move it to pm or ... well , all my friends are pretty fabulous so it's not really unhealthy with me imo . i don't know why , it's just once i start liking a person a lot i don't really have a button marked stop ? i wouldn't ... huh . well , i hate group study with the loathing of a thousand fiery suns ... the reason i'm not sure this is the instinct is the reason i hate it is that groups never get anything done . ever ... this might be a good observation across the board . i'm going to object very mildly to your choice of language here . ( this is on the assumption that i'm correct on the extent to which ... as an overly blunt person myself : do you consciously over balance the negative feedback with positive ? thank him several times a day for stuff you appreciate he did , compliment him several times a ... what is in the quote are the sections i relate to more or less . based on the available options , in sx : definitely first in so : almost certainly middle . when i was young i was much more ... home | the 5 love languages ® | improving millions of relationshipsx 85 one language at a time . what is your enneagram type , how confident of the typing are you ? of the five love languages , which ... interesting idea . aang : not a 7 . he's not an id type - i think he might be a one , but not sure . in any case , he doesn't run from his internal issues , he's at peace with boredom , he's really okay ... conformity , and also anti-conformity . yep , that's it ! and here i was wondering why they came up with such random sentences . and i actually misread the bedding ( it really says myself ) so a decent ish translation other than a totally ... nines have personalities . warm , pleasant , self-concealing , slippery doormat is a personality . 1 - i'm not angry at all ! * wineglass stem breaks from crushing pressure of clenched fist * 2 - i've only been smothering you because i love you , you evil , ungrateful bitch . now grovel before my ... yeah the mystic feeling is ruined by having can i offer you some bedding * as one of the magical voodoo phrases . full translation for the curious : soul and faith are big thief of guy . please ... not true in my experience . let's see ... elementary school , fighting teachers who picked on friends , it was mostly us vs them . but i didn't feel like a victim . ( i actively refused to ) older ... huh . i love the hunt . the process . the step by step wheedling deeper . i love the aaah feeling of a satisfying ' click ' at the end of a slow , piece by piece extraction . mine . all mine . i can't find it now , but reading this thread has reminded me ... haven't they done studies correlating preference for spicy food and sex drive ? those two i really related to , the rest not so much , still not sure if sx first or second . edit : welp , did not realize how long this thread is . haha that's basically the thesis of my thread here this is fairly terrible advice . it is particularly inaccurate for sp , whose fixations do not the most interesting topics make . my personal worries are not something i discuss . but it's also ... i feel like this is just another detour into navel gazing on my part , but i * still * can't settle on whether i'm sx / sp or sp / sx ... entp approved : a religion for the nonreligious | wait but why what's the basis for the six being low on self worth ? am i just a weird exception ? perfect description . in short : your blindspot is primarily annoying to other people , not you . if you find yourself very worried about your blindspot , you are probably wrong about it being your blindspot . a possible ... go for it . ( also i like the title ) effort and social success don't really correlate ... when you're trying people can sense it , and it's unappealing . there's a lot of insecure people out there who are so-first ... and probably rank ... instinctual blindspot =/ = deficiency . an so-first can be more incapable socially than an so-last . an sx-first can screw up intense relationships worse than an sx-last will . an sp-first isn't ... yeah , sure , induction , plus a bit of instinct based on slightly more subconscious processing . i don't think any entp throwing the word around means it literally . get to know a person well enough there's a pattern of how they think and react to stuff . you start to expect what their reaction will be . if you start to be right most of the time , down to saying the ... what's this relationship like , long term ? what does it take to keep it going ? what are the problem areas to avoid / overcome , what are the best ( type related ) bits ? all i can tell for now is that ... ahahahaha that's hilarious and apt i considered the possibility of a 4 fix simply because the possibility horrified me . i've since sort of moved on from identifying my fixes with certainty , but i definitely think feeling a strong ... well , if i'm sp / sx , i can describe a little bit more about how it works , for me at least - for a long time feeling satisfied with increasing sp , but when sp-need starts being properly filled , looking ... there are enough 6 fans around where i won't sound like a speshul hipster for saying this , but the only 6 i get along poorly with is the social 6 ( rules / social hierarchy and me do not mix ) . i love ... i no longer remember exactly what specific insight i was picturing when writing that comment , so all i've got for you is that most real insight comes across as surprising . probably sp / sx , and i doubt it . the weakness for sp doesn't match what the actual weakness for sp is . it's not resources . it's the instinct for self-preservation . an sp last's penalty should be ... first choice 1 , second choice 2 . but i think the benefits and detriments are skewed ( the negatives of choice 3 are negligible if you choose choice 1 first ) . obviously if the group is ... '