' intj - i don't know who you are but i hate you anyway entj - you rack disprine intp - ... i'm just gonna play video games entp - i have no bad qualities what are you on about ? did you guys see that movie up ? that made me cry :'( now i'm sad and want to runaway , what's turkey / japan / montreal like this time of year ? oo now i'm excited and want to go do stuff , lets ... night time brain dumps , i have a note book 3/4 full of these next to my bed . - i know too many people named cam - how do they make that rough look with out looking homeless ? - who is salt ? - i ... mum ( esfj ): the dog ate 3 balls today , they were in the backyard , flat as at tack me : flat as a tack ? that doesn't make any sense , flat as a bat , flat as a mat , flat as a mat , that makes more ... 20 great moments in standup comedy for all matter soft skills i refer to dr.kelso ' s wisdom yes i'm a native english speaker but i was taught french in primary school and found it easier to count in french and then translate into english i have this slightly annoying habit where its easier for me to count in any language other than english guyz , you dont get the subtle abusurdity that is english humour more followers = the more i'm convinced of my own divinity i own 2 dogs , well i don't own them my rents do and their not actually mine their my rents also so , what kind of dogs do you have ? i have 2 mutts ones a jack russell x fox terrier named jack and ... congratulations on completing another lap of the sun progress report ! stat ! i don't like doing the figure four because my foot always winds up falling asleep and since my legs are very long ( i ' m like 6 ' 3 ) i don't have the flexibility in my hips to sit cross legged ... fill a list with buckets i'm not really sure what to think , i mean its a horrible tragedy but my thoughts turn to what kind of person does this ? and is it preventable in future ? and does me feeling bad actually help ... i cant remember where i'm butchering this quote from so if anyone knows please tell me basically it says if you're not growing and changing , you're dying i think its innately human to grow and ... how psychological projections work , my current model is that they work like a pinhole camera that a 6 year old in japan has a better command over the japanese language than i do the things that ... i am an excellent driver , i make mistakes like any other human does but their all minor and have no real consequences . sometimes my passengers don't agree with me but what do they know ? i live in my ... i typically find that bitching and moaning when i'm bored makes it worse . so the things i do to stave off boredom are practice martial arts cram some more japanese into my head , it doesn't have ... i habitually convince people that i'm a nice polite person 1/3 italian , 1/3 german , 1/3 scottish , 100 % aussie mutt so i drink a lot and pay careful attention to details that make things break and blow up i never have until i read the title 53239 me + estj dad in a dark hut somewhere in burma circa 2012 53238 me at my 21st a few months ago 53236 my attempt at doing a selfie on speed boat which felt like 100kph 53237 me + entp ... mmm neon trees nom nom nom nom eban pagen better known as david deangelo a self-diagnosed intp i can tell your personality type just by looking at you're eyes * hug * so you don't feel freaked out when i stare at you for a minute power ! 51583 i'm sorry , sorry , sorry everyone , its just that and i'm sorry for this but i think that this is a bit mean and i'm sorry for thinking that i was amazed when i found out that since my great grandad was from italy we called up the consulate and answered a bunch of questions and it turns out i can where to begin i make up some random fact and try and get people to believe it e . g you know when you sleep your heart stops for 45 minutes if something wont work for me ill proclaim fuck you ! ... you can't spend all day inside your dominant function is extroverted , the same with your tertiary you talk to inanimate objects and animals when you're alone should i avoid using that word because in reality there is no shoulds and should nots there is only what is and what isn't you can't do x when ever someone says that , default response is but ... something something vegemite sandwich i guess would be a vagabond with a lot of money , would explore each country until i got bored and moved onto the next . i would hire mentors to help me develop the skills i wish to master , ... i think its a good idea , but the mbti is one tool for understanding people and should be treated as such and not put fall into such traps like say oh you're an extrovert so i'm going to put you ... wait scratch that i have a better idea  nuff said sounds sexy rocket.pike yard work * shudders * accounting sports , i can sit through an afl game without too much pain and ive been known to watch the odd v8 super cars race golf , this one deserves special mention the ... dawww shucks you shouldn't have this happened a couple of years ago : so i was in the melbourne cbd for a friends birthday i got out at about 2am , being the genious i am i left a marker in my phones gps so i could remember where ... mystery gives me a very intj vibe , also i love how everybody like to throw their opinion of the pua community in with it , save it for the debate form guys ( and girls ) if you've read the book ... 43556 also candy ... candy boobs :) www.enfpforum.com/enfpforum/portals/0/mbti pics / types / nf nt.jpg the red queen : sex and the evolution of human nature by matt ridley ( matt ridley himself has been typed as an entp but i'm a bit skeptical ) but facinating book regardless the selfish gene by ... dear my esfj boss , i know its polite to smile at me everytime i make eye contact with you , but after a while it becomes downright creepy sincerely , your entp colleague dear sj's i know ... needyness to me is being really insecure , i know everyone is insecure to some degree its part of being human but being really insecure and not having an idea of who you are , looking to others to make ... be needy , lie , constatly seek validation , talk about things with exquisite detail such as the mundane details of your life , avoid ideas concepts and anything new pro-tip : dont do any of this '