' my boyfriend is an estp he's incredibly outgoing , charming , flirty , and action oriented . he can be the most peaceful guy , very sentimental and caring , but if he has a mission out to fix ... the estp i know is my boyfriend . 1 ) what differences do you notice ( besides the obvious ... i ’ m not looking for function vs . function comparison , etc . i ’ m looking for real-world examples of things ... i don't think it matters if they are doing what they feel is important . some days i wake up wondering why i do what i do and where i will go from here . it's a nice thought to do something great , but ... lonely , irritating , empty ... : crying : i love capitalism :) most people work hard to gain success , and work and success are good for our country . more power to them :) i like having nice things for myself and to share with other people ... wondering if i could get some infp perspectives out there , but there are a lot of moments lately , when clearly i am not alone , i do have the support of friends and loved ones , but i feel so out on ... i still think either way you are denying someone a potential good life . i think making a decision based on morality as to whether you have children or not is immoral . you're just picking winners and ... wow . what a healthy perspective on life . :d ry : no , i'd give my kids a chance to make the best of life . i think it's morally questionable to deny potential children a chance at life because of your ... i've never had that issue . i don't love those ( romantically ) that are unavailable to return my love . i can switch off love like a light as soon as i know it won't work . i would steer clear of this ... i think it's a very good investment . just don't splurge on college ( go somewhere reasonable ) , commute if you can , major in something practical that is in the salary range you want and is stimulating ... as a libertarian , i do not want you to die , if that makes you feel any better :P i believe it is your right to be as lazy as you want and support your own laziness by whatever means you consider ... i'm libertarian , but today i believe that would be called right-wing since the fiscal questions are the most important to everyone . i am fiscally conservative , socially liberal . i don't believe in ... i'm exactly the opposite unless it's a romantic relationship . significant other > goals > work > friends i have the exact same thing going on ... it's nice but i feel like he is taking it upon himself to solve problems that i should handle on my own , ones i don't really expect help with . : unsure : thanks :) i really appreciate your opinion on this . i had a long talk with some friends today and i think i am happy with who i am , the way i give , and what i should expect from other people . that's exactly how i'm feeling right now . not only a naive fool , but a complete doormat . : mellow : thanks :) yes , that does make sense . : bored : hi fellow infps ... i have some questions for you , because i have been struggling with a few concepts lately . first off , i am a giver , particularly in very close relationships . i give 100 % ... i agree that you can't seriously type pets :) i just think it's cute and i like talking about my dog , and i like her personality . i don't think anyone's taking it seriously here lol just having a bit ... neither do i , but i find it fun to think about :) animals certainly do have personalities . but without knowing what's going on in their decision making process it's a bit of a guess lol this is very true for me . i agree with kaleidoscope on the with withdrawal part ( i forgot about that lol ) when i'm in a social situation i cannot escape , that is when withdrawal comes into play for me . if i have the luxury ... it was alright until the part about money : rolleyes : i don't usually like the uncovered articles . i've seen a few about some types that made me go into : shocked : rage mode lol it just seems like ... i don't deal with them very well and they usually start out of something either critical said of me or something i don't know about someone else so i start drawing conclusions , usually negative . ... it is very easy for me to detach from someone close if they hurt me / no longer care for me / if i no longer care for them . unfortunately my sister is a good example . i am on horrible terms with her ... yes i apologize - way - too much and i'm often told to stop . : mellow : i get really giggly and fun - i come out of my shell and joke around and laugh and have fun . and apparently snort out my drink when people around me are making me laugh while i drink :P if your pet was a type , what type do you think they would be ? and please explain why ! : laughing : 50464 my dog is a papillon and i would say she is an infp because she is so delicate and whimsical ... family : you're always off in la-la-land how is foo-foo-land treating you ? don't forget to ___ ! what's wrong ? coworkers : you're quiet today . my estp boyfriend : awww i love love : laughing : sounds like you have quite a catch ! hope it works out for you two ! ! : tongue : thanks everyone for all of the experiences ! my opposite is very good for me . he makes me eat my veggies : bored : i will quote this for truth . we xnfps are very aware of others ' feelings and usually hurt on purpose and out of spite or revenge .. and manipulate . that said , i love my estp and i would never ... awww thank you ! - hugs the kitten and takes it with me at all times - : frustrating : skyrim ... fus doh rah ! ! : shocked : i - love - chickadees :) they are the cutest birds ever and they have the cutest peeps . they are like forever chicks : kitteh : i was the unpopular girl with very few social skillz and fewer friends . : laughing : thank you - so - much for that video ! i am - definitely - an infp then :) sometimes i feel like i might be typed as an infj rather than an infp - how do you tell the difference between these two types ? i feel like i am split right down the middle between them . i believe we have that bond you talked about . i find him very protective and caring , and sensitive to my feelings if i represent them in a concrete way to him . he doesn't like me to be upset , but he ... : tongue : i'm dating an estp at the moment and i was curious as to what your experiences with this type were like . any interesting quirks ? what did you like best and what did you find to be difficult ? omg that is the cutest thing ever ! :D thanks for the welcome ! hm .. okay , taking the relationship advice aspect out of it ... : laughing : i'm in a similar boat , but i haven't been pressed to change ( yet ) . what i have done is write out all of my ... shy ( so they go online ) + compelled to talk about feelings ( so they find a forum devoted to personalities and the inner workings of themselves and people they know ) + idealist attitude that bounces ... thank you ! :) i can't believe how many infps there are on here o_o speaking as someone who has realistically had to jump through many hoops and climb many walls in a 4 year long distance relationship ... i would move on . you are going to have trust issues with this ... thank you ! :) i am enjoying my estp immensely : laughing : so i voted for his type <3 loyal , driven , sexually spontaneous , down-to-earth , intelligent , always wanting to help and please , optimistic , fun to be around ... thanks ! :) thank you :) '