i'm afraid of death in the sense that nothing happens after your dead . while life you at least have possibility . even if one thing doesn't work out , you never know when that next thing that gets you ... my dad just taught me nam myo ho renge kyo . said saying it makes things better . though it was bullshit , and proceeded to not have any interest in religion . still grew up in america so christian ... no more sex for you without a relationship . you can't handle it . i've been essentially friendless for a long time , probably cause i am chronically depressed . overall i can't seem to mind it that much . istp + mild long term depression maybe . even now being in ... i just have poor dexterity . makes me have doubts . i just feel more aware of everything compared to most people . sometimes i would just wanna block it out and wear earplugs or earbuds . or at least i tend to have a hard time not reacting / noticing to ... istp is really just a vague description . think in the ballpark , but nothing precise . it is like an explanation on general thinking styles . otherwise individuals can vary and to keep things ... well if i am a psychopath i guess i am screwed for life . not really , but i can tell if i am very attracted to a girl . self awareness at least . i left a girl suddenly who was really turned up and couldn't care less . was major in aviation maintenance technician to get the a & p license , then got a felony so changed major to computer science ... worst secnario il know enough by the end to program stuff ... now i am roi-c ... well i guess that is that to be clear my therapist never used the word psychopath , however the diagnosis book she showed me said the anti social personality disorder and psychopath / sociopath are used interchangeably . well after a little research and close attention to details , i have found that to be properly diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder , you need to have had a conduct disorder before the after ... well i came to the simple conclusion of being istp based on taking the mbti personality test multiple times over the years and consistently getting istp , varying online in the strength of the ... roi - p il try again later . not nearly as easy to predict which question affects which score impulsive behavior , recklessness , and low on being very emotional about anything . i was told once as a kid i had oppositional defiance disorder cause i argued with my dad a lot , and generally didn't ... does running from the cops and shining a bright flashlight count ? eventually i did surrender and get a minor beating while handcuffed , but it was christmas and we all chalked it up to a ... according to a therapist i am forced to see as part of my probation condition , i apparently may be one . my main issue is i generally don't run around commiting crimes , manipulate people for personal ... i say sorry and not mean it often . luckily i am bad at lying so no one takes it seriously ... yes on everything as long as everything is always changeable if people dislike it ... always yes , then yes on the opposite ... if that makes sense . try everything ... i like taking things apart and trying to use it in combination with other things ... never cared how it worked though specifically none ? don't really believe any celebrity is strongly an istp ... unless i meet them and person , which i have not was gonna buy an entry level motorcycle , then i wasted most of that money on strippers ... as you can tell sensuality beats adrenaline rush for me hate it ... already done 4 remedial classes working from almost basic algebra to calculus ... still so much further to go ... still hating it i'm starting to dislike coding in c + + , but then i don't know a better major to get into than something cs or cit related ... so i guess i gotta push through it its awkward if you make it awkward . trying a c + + online course from community college ... so far i am at the part where i am learning about classes ... basically an istp needs to develop better communication skills and empathy . so you can understand and be understood by feelers . i have ... and meant it ... cause sometimes you just do some bad stuff and someone deserves an apology ... edit , having issues editing posts on phone ... anyways that was middle school not highschool i told a morbidly obese girl in highschool that she was fat . she proceeded to cry and tell a teacher . said teacher asked how would i like it if i was told that . me being obese at the time and fully ... which do you think is better for learning programming , classes with an instructor , online class where you watch videos , or just reading a book ? fire her . [ / quote ] or find some way to get her fired a bunch of people either hates you or ignores you and couldn't care less . hey bro i know how you feel . i dropped out of highschool , had most of my family try to put me in prison , and i'm 25 and not even close to finishing a 4 year degree ... i've had a early life crisis and ... request for her to be moved elsewhere . i'm very punctual , so i don't think being very late is a istp thing . i just assume good memory , and the ability to notice logical inconsistency in someone's story is how i detect lies ... well in elder scrolls i prefer conjuration magic that replaces the need to buy weapons . probably conjure up a bow with infinite ammo and sneak around and get as many headshots as i could . so to put it simply zombies are not a threat in terms of violence , but could be a threat in terms of carrying airborne viruses or parasites ... but that isn't entertainment unless we're talking about ... get some angry music i second the once broken up done for good . if i could fix it i would , but even with girls i like , it is over . i think it's strange zombies have any movement beyond spasms . with a constant calorie deficit from all the movement they should be pretty tired , or just out of energy . there were a lot of.females in my high school who fought . some even fought dudes . although they were usually quite heavy and most of the dudes were scrawny . not sure what martial art is good against ... well my method gets me 3.8 gpa . of course community college is hardly difficult either so whatever ... i had no idea hungry man's were considered ghetto . very interesting thread . i remember i would get in the habit of being in my boxers , ordering a postmates order for a 7-11 pizza and a 2l coke ... so only trust a few people ?