' i was sick of being a verbal punching bag and it needed to be said after nearly two years of holding it all in , but it hasn't had a good outcome . some things will never change it seems . : sad : whenever i talk about what my stories , i lost interest and then i never finish them , but i will say i'm currently writing a feature screenplay , but i can't say i like the main character yet ( i'm only ... - i play a specific genre of music to help get into writing mood . ( in my case , it would be a lot of r & b or smooth jazz . don't know why . ) - when i'm writing or thinking about what to write , i tend to ... innovator / banker my current avatar has no meaning really . it's just peter gabriel in his ' big time ' video . i just find this shot cool . my signature is a lyric from ' come on up to the house ' by tom waits . i relate ... i don't know what personality my mother is , but i do know that our realtionship is very rocky , and it's mainly because of what she has done . i don't speak to her very much anymore and i think she ... 1 . ) i am tall , which has its pros and cons . 2 . ) for years , i knew i suffered from depression but never actually went to seek help for it until last year . after having an evaluation done , i was told ... i had deactivated my facebook account once and reactivated it nearly six months later . during that time i did not miss it one bit . i still contemplate on deleting again because i honestly don't care ... to be a screenwriter / playwright and actually get paid for it . that is something i'm trying to actually pursue , but at the moment it seems like a dream . a dream job would be a musician , singer or a ... though i haven't done it in awhile , i love reading literature , more so novels and short stories than anything else . i've never been the biggest fan of poetry ( unless they're songs . ) probably i find ... i wouldn't say people ' fall in love ' with me , but they do become quite fond of me very quickly . i'm honestly the same way with others sometimes . i don't like flirting . it has never suited me and when i do it , it feels forced and awkward ... almost as if i'm trying too hard to get to know someone . there were a few times where i tried it , but i ... i guess i'm still going through the grieving process after losing my grandmother in death this past january . i was very heartbroken over the event , i at first began asking why did such a beautiful ... i used to believe in such a thing , but i don't anymore . but i want to have them for my own movie collection . ; _ ; the public library was how i was able to find out about films i now consider instant favorites . i'm a fan of that company , but sadly , i have no money to purchase the movies i want from them . : crying : i would become furious if someone told me to give up something i wanted to achieve in and work hard to prove them wrong . and even if i fail , i don't need that sort of person in my life that will ... i would do these things : - write - go out to a restaurant by myself and order something i don't eat all of the time ( when i have money of course . ) - sleep - read - netflix - browse the internet on a couple of occasions i was the one who made the first move romantically , but then again these didn't lead to anything good . guys don't really initiate anything with me , and when the rare number ... - what's your relationship with music ? ( how often do you listen ? where ? how do you feel about it in general ? ) i love music in general , from listening to it , to singing it . but as a writer , i find ... no more than ten people ( maybe even less than that ) , music , food , board / video games . if not games , then movies . i'm not very good at the whole ' party ' thing . : unsure : movies : eagle vs . shark a face in the crowd the savages baby doll shock corridor tv shows : i love fall . i love how the scenery changes and the weather is perfect . plus that's when i can wear things like hats , gloves and long sleeve shirts again . ^ o ^ winter would be a close second . both ... i hate fighting with a passion , be it physical or verbal . i have bad anxiety attacks when i know that is happening around me or if it involves me . i grew up around a lot of arguing and seeing ... her nebraska blue jasmine salinger august : osage county there are a few others , but these are the ones that i'm really looking forward to . i've always liked my creativity . a second would be my empathetic side . even if i really don't like a person , i still feel empathy for them for some reason . i'm into soul , indie , female vocalists , rock and singer-songwriter , including : amy winehouse , florence + the machine , tom waits , beat happening , stevie wonder , cold war kids , james morrison , talking ... i'm basically the same person online and in person . the only differences are online , i have more creative outlets and i probably tell a bit more about myself than i would in person . i went through a brief ' emo ' phase during middle school and some of high school . that's something that must never be discussed , lol . i'm a bit obsessed with the graceland album right now . it's so good . it would depend on the situation in order for me to just ' get over ' something . when i'm emotionally hurt severely , it tends to linger inside for a very long awhile , even if i don't talk or think ... what not to say : - you shouldn't feel the way that you do . - there's so many others in the world that have it worse than you . ( whenever i'm depressed . ) - you're too emotional . - you shouldn't ... it's very hard to describe the ' ideal ' partner for me , but i will try . i am looking for someone who feels the same way i do about commitment , so i'd want someone loyal , willing to solve and work ... when i become too busy , tired or depressed , my apartment becomes quite messy , yet i know where things are in that said mess . this is a good question . what i look for is anything that catches my attention within the first few moments of the song for the most part . whether it be lyrics , melody , a certain instrument , etc ... i've tried to fit in several times in the past , and even recently . each time , i have failed at it . i'm not a competitive person unless it's something involving the arts , like singing or writing . then i feel like i have to be better than everyone else , especially if they're really good . talking heads - remain in light the rolling stone - exile on main st . the clash - london calling patti smith - horses elvis costello and the attractions - this year's model elvis costello and ... i'm a private romantic , meaning , i may be pretty nonchalant about it externally , maybe even bitter about it . but deep down , i desire romance and am willing to give my all with the right person . i ... the producers ( both the original and musical ) anchorman the waterboy modern times billy madison love and death dr . strangelove being there duck soup the pink panther ( the one with peter ... prayer , meditation and reading the bible is more along the lines of my connection to god . sometimes listening to certain songs and just sitting outside by myself , admiring the nature and creation all ... i love writing . these days however , i write more screenplays than anything else . i find that easier to write than a novel , poem or short story . i love dialogue and movies a lot , i guess that's why ... hurricane drunk - florence + the machine best for last - adele stranded - van morrison completely exposed - jamie lidell 1 . your favorite song oh , i have so many . a couple of of my all time favorites are : once in a lifetime - talking heads doo wop ( that thing ) - lauryn hill 2 . your least favorite ... when i write , it's mainly based on negative emotions i may be feeling at that point in time . i'm not really inspired to do anything creatively when i'm happy for some strange reason . same with when i ... dr . strangelove harold and maude high fidelity citizen kane the royal tenenbaums - singing when my voice up to par - having a day to watch nothing but movies - writing with an idea set in my head - learning new things spiritually - having a long , interesting conversation with ... i'd rather listen to a piano being played and i'd love to play the violin . i know some notes on the piano , but can't play very well . i haven't decided to do anything drastic with my hair until last summer . it was down to my neck , but then i decided to have cut really short . i intend to keep it that way for another year . i would ... '