' brown ! ! ! and salmon pink . i think people are beautiful . being human and having emotions is beautiful to me ... just something that i did because i wasn't feeling very good about myself .. haha webcam quality yay ! 37091 i've read in this forum that isfps generally really enjoy having infjs as friends and partners , but how about isfjs ? i have one very gentle and kindhearted isfj friend who i think is extremely hard ... i worked at a restaurant before and i quit recently , and honestly , that kinda part time job wasn't for me . i feel like i have to get really personal with the customers and that's takes a lot of ... i'm in the same situation atm . there is this guy who is extremely clingy towards me and acts like he is my boyfriend . i've told him many times to respect my privacy and personal space but he doesn't ... not sure , i'm apathetic agnostic ... my family isn't very religious and my brother is an atheist . i like nice guys but if they're too nice it really puts me off . i feel bad and i just want to ignore them / get away from them .. sorry , my phone ran out of battery . sorry sorry sorry sorry why am i so apologetic ! ! occasionally i find human interaction quite annoying so i prefer to be alone ... but i like to be more outgoing and sociable during social situations and events ( e . g . school ) because i don't want to ... pomeranian . but i would actually adopt any breed of dog . all of those descriptions match me , except for the part about dressing expressively . it seems as though she wants to be unique , just like me ( i have unique quirks but i don't dress expressively , i ... avoid if possible . usually i just listen when i get told off .. but when my parents fight or something , i usually don't say a thing unless they ask me for my opinion . then i would tell them what they ... 26683 c : i drew this recently i'm really enjoying seeing other people's art in this thread ! i'm not sure i want to be actually , i'm still sixteen ( since 2 days ago ) so i have time ... my parents have influenced me greatly and i'm thinking of becoming a pathologist , not sure which kind ... i'm not that close with my parents ( but then in my opinion , i think asians in general aren't that close with their parents ) but i am with my brother . i can share anything with him , unlike the rest of ... i like to paint digitally , with watercolor ( i don't think i enjoy acrylic type paints much ) and sketch . i like to sculpt with clay ... i'm not very musical though , i like to listen and appreciate it ... i loove to daydream , or is it falling asleep in class ... i've stopped this year though because i realised how important it is to pay attention in class . i feel paranoid because i think something is out to get me ... in the shower . other than that , i think about what i'm going to do for the day , any plans ( which don't turn out as i want ) i never got to communicate with my crush ... i was given many , many opportunities though ! i watched from afar . supernatural beings , bugs , scary pictures ... ' omg sarah ... ' ' haha what did you say ? ' i have a round face , haha ! usually when i'm mad or offended , i don't show my emotions to the person i'm annoyed at . when i'm really stressed i get irritable and i don't want much interaction with people around me :) recently ... flynn from tangled <3 i feel very pressured to be religious .. i'll just say that i'm apathetic agnostic i don't feel the need to be religious but i am constantly surrounded by people who are .. i like to wear whatever , really ... i like fashion ! i like all sorts of stuff . but i'm not confident about my body so i like wearing tops that cover my thighs and my arms . 17686 i'm on the right . i'm really having trouble studying for school and i just wanted to ask you guys how you study / studied . i always seem to get distracted and waste heaps of time . i always get frustrated at the end of ... i cry when i am frustrated . i cry when i feel that i am being used . i cry when i feel that i am blamed for the wrong reasons . other reasons ... here are some stuff i drew lately ...   ... yeah , bro ! ! october 19 , 1995 ! ^ 0 ^ my brother just got rickrolled really ? me too ! ! hahaha P: not using msn and facebook ... successful . but i go on gaiaonline now .. :| i procrastinate by going on this site as well b - ) i like to sleep ... october as well ? hehe personality disorder depression interesting ! i have suffered from depression before but now i'm a happy chap ! ^ 0 ^ my dark side is ... well i'm not sure , i want people to emotionally suffer ( e . g when somebody does something wrong to me , i try to make them feel as bad as possible , although that's only when i'm ... you're not fat ! ! ! lol . i don't read poems but i have studied them recently at school . ( cambridge poems ) and i liked ' the flower-fed buffaloes ' the best c : i think i can be compared to a cat - w-zz woah , hehe , i'm fifteen . turning sixteen in october . thank you ! i upload some stuff on my da account > . < i'm not religious , although i was raised in a religious environment . i absolutely hate it when people try to force me to believe in their religion things i hate about myself : * i have an extremely short attention span * i always procrastinate and get things done at the last minute * i never try my best * and that's why i sometimes don't ... when i was a toddler / baby , i didn't cry much and i was quiet and obedient . i was considered as a bright kid . i also kept promises really well ( small ones , for kids if you know what i mean . like ... i drew this for somebody .. haha by the way , : o hetalia ~ ~ ~ < w < when people touch my property > : | .. and when i tell somebody to stop doing something that annoys me and they do it more . '