' i love traveling , experiencing the culture , historic architecture , customs , foods , etc . i'm attracted to ancient history and wonders of the world , mountains , beautiful landscapes , coastlines . ... wow . i'm sure you have tons of friends . personally , i don't really hate anyone . i might dislike a person or two , but nothing serious that i waste my energy / time on . i just don't associate with ... my thought was that people who use their feelings to guide their descisions are less informed in political topics . i find it illogical in the fact that i assumed that intjs research and don't draw their conclusions off other people's opinions , or off some flamboyant type of politician . therefore supporting ... hmm . would people who tend to be more emotional in politics be considered less informed ? perhaps you need new friends . why purposely eat something that you know will upset your stomach ? imo : depending on the situation , i have forgiven and moved on ( i will however remain skeptical , and it will take a long time to move past that ;) i have also disassociated myself . i think it all ... not to stir up the proverbial pot , but something i have found puzzling from joining the site is intj's that support trump , or republican ideologies ... it's very illogical to me . perhaps i'm ... as i have gotten older and more mature , i prefer to be alone , and enjoy not being around people . i spend a good amount of time around people all day , that when i get home , i prefer to not be around ... are you aware of the 1989 central park rape and attack ? trump spent over 85 thousand dollars taking out full page ads in the papers to convince the people of ny to give the death penalty to these ... psychological projection . yes . i totally relate . i am doing it right now . i have 15 minutes left to turn in an assignment , and instead , i am sitting here reading this post . it seems that the less i am interested in a ... point being , it was a logical decision , as in the topic of the discussion : do you think he is an intj ? did you actually quote fox news on that last sentence ? lost what ? am i missing something ? what part are you responding to in my post ? intj's are considered evil manipulators ? i could totally see sanders as an intj , mainly because he is passionate about everything that i am passionate about . makes sense to me . fighting for human ... yes ! thanks :D i was using the url link they supply under the video . let me give it one last try and use the url from the address bar .  that was using the video option . < iframe width = 420 height = 315 src = frameborder = 0 allowfullscreen > </iframe> that ... so did you use the video link option or did you use the embed code ? how do i insert a video into a post ? i have tried the embed code , but that did not show the video , just the code . i have tried the video option where you post the link the video , but that only ... i redid the test from the link you shared with the video . it was picture and words as opposed to questions . i was once again a five . i did more reading on the 5 tritypes , and i believe to be a ... yes . my problem is that i'm so judgmental , i discard my friends the minute they say something absurd . lately , the only way i can have great intellectual conversations is through online discussions , ... don't watch tv . i love love love photography ! i could post in this thread all day ! 512817 i'm gonna need assistance on how to post images in posts that are not the size of quarters . : rolleyes : 512545 intj i don't know how to make the image bigger . false in what way ? as in one is right and the rest are wrong ? just going to add to some of the comments already made . religion and spirituality are not the same thing . unlike ... if i was 20 years younger , i would have a faith in the goodness of humanity , however this digital age has changed those views . i do get the guilty feeling at times , but i think that is more of an ... don't get me wrong . i am not unhappy . i am at that age in life where i am doing what i want to do , etc . ( just at the wrong location ) . also keep in mind that we can't always do what we want to ... yes . i was going to post a picture to show you , but i have a watermark on them , will need to go back and redo some to share . i do the same thing , if i am bored , it's hard for me to take the topic ... when you put it that way , i really don't have any desire to hurt peoples feelings intentionally , so i don't really have the screw you mentality ( unless you have done something really bad to me to ... okay , this post might be all over the place , my head has a lot going on at the moment . just wondering if other intj's tend to be more politically independent or lean towards democratic - liberal ... perceiver intjs hate social games , and usual rebel when possible and do their best to not comply . they don ’ t respect authority at all unless its proven itself , and even then , they are forever ... thank you everyone for the replies . i enjoyed reading your responses . i am sure i am going to have more questions in the near future . :) ha ! actually , to be honest , i was lazy , and just figured i would ask . plus the entire topic is new to me , seemed easier to have people that were familiar with the topic , explain it to me , instead ... i love art and photography , and music as well . to be honest with you i am passionate about a lot of stuff ... but photography , i want people to see what i see . i don't see why intj could not be ... i took the enneagram test following the link from the profile page . the short version of the test gave me a one i was curious as to what the additional numbers sequences were to the types so i ... hi . thank you all for the welcomes ! i will now be focusing all my classes in photography . :D i do that ! i have had two weeks to do a 5 page essay that is due at midnight tonight , and still have not started ! :D mine would have to be 1 . procrastinate 2 . artistic / creative 3 . i love ... i was vegan , had some setbacks while overseas in the mideast for a while . currently eating chicken , of course it has to be farm raised no chemicals injected , etc . and yes , i feel guilty at times ... hi . personally , as a intj , i seriously hate gossip , i loath it , i am not trying to be rude , but i can't stand those conversations , hate reality shows ... etc . i don't focus too much on my feelings ... hi . recently took the mbti at my school to make sure i was on the right career path with my classes , etc . not even close . i already knew my type from previous internet tests , but the ... '