' well you are entirely right , i love myself more than any person , any relationship i have is really just an extension of myself like hey look at this attractive woman i own . not to sound like a douche ... you sound more entp to me . i was a pretty big skeptic , i would question any information given to me and scrutinize everyones opinions pretty hard . i had to be the best at everything i did or i would not even get involved , even ... i am not a fan ... i want it to be darker not all white . favourite character , favourite show , and he's intp so i kind of relate to him . no that game gets pretty boring pretty quick don't get it , it's just a bootleg cod . eric cartman read the descriptions on all the types and get a better grasp of them , look at the mannerisms of the person in question , profit . i've done this before , maybe entp ? this really isn't enough information to speculate on . yep , except we would be taller instead of shorter , assuming technology continues to take the burden of physical labour off our back . well one day we will all be a blended orange colour and the problem will solve itself , so we really have nothing to worry about . people don't really understand stereotypes , just because there is a stereotype regarding a certain race or whatever doesn't mean it's applicable to everyone in that category of course , but it might ... the bottom line here is nobody can prove or disprove god , people are entitled to their beliefs just as much as they are entitled to be wrong , for me personally , i do not associate with any religious ... i think entp's are mainly ambiverts . cartman is obviously entp , brian doesn't seem at all like cartman but they both display tell tale signs . how can you have an entp forum and hate on trolls at the same time ? no wonder i always see banned entp's . pretty sure hitler would not be an f maybe he could be an entj or entp , it's hard for me to speculate really , unfortunately i haven't had the chance to meet him so i don't know the guy too well . death note l - intp there is no way he could be anything else , this one is obvious kira - intj i think he's an introvert more than an extravert because i don't really see ryuk as a person he ... death note . yes you can , it's all my keyboard can type . yeah i always see a lot of myself in cartman like how he idolizes hitler , i'm just not fat . i am only truly happy when others are not , as bad as it sounds . competing and dominating gives me a sort of natural high , i am happy when the others are not and vice versa . my favourite environment ... i'm a west coast entp , as a matter of fact . this is literally the story of my life , i always felt like when i used to be funnier , i would be a lot more irritable and i would flare up and get mad at something almost on purpose , smoking weed ... i got 26 , but i am also quite depressed so i feel like back in the day it would have been higher . what do you mean one step away ? they're pretty much identical in juxtaposition . trolling , getting high , netflix , there are a lot of things to do to cope , i've heard entp's are one of the most introverted extroverts so it's not really that hard for me , personally at least . i used to be very creative , puns , plays on words , people told me i should be a comedian , but overtime i lost my gift completely and i started to feel numb of emotion , i don't know what happened . i have an intj friend that likes anime , as do i , i find most introverts like anime and not many extroverts , entp's are one of the few that do . paranoid : highmore info | forum schizoid : very highmore info | forum schizotypal : highmore info | forum antisocial : highmore info | forum borderline : moderatemore info | forum ... a wolf or an owl , they look cool . i try to get in the most secluded area , or at least the area with the smallest amount of people , wherever is out of the general focal point i guess , usually the back . i am not easily amused at all , i don't really know what the criteria for a great sense of humour is though . i can basically read peoples minds and see them for what they really are right away , i have a sixth sense perceiving personality , i can usually manipulate the situation pretty easily , and i never ... wow , you really figured me out . good job . stealing for me is like hitting 3 birds with 1 stone , i get the multiple satisfactions of the stolen goods , the accomplishment of successfully stealing something , and knowing that i might have shit ... as a child i would constantly be looking for ways to cheat the system , figuring out any way around any task would make me feel accomplished for the rest of that day . cheating is just that satisfying . i always pick up random things and mess around with them and tap beats with my fingers and bend my wrist back with my other hand , i fidget all day every day . i value my ability to cheat over that of my test result , i plan to judge myself not be told what i can do by some potential child molester making minimum wage , cheating is fun and satisfying and i ... i am totally the same way , i have a lot of friends but none of them are on the same level as me , i think the other half would be an intp . always has to win ? more like gives a substantial amount of effort in order to win that usually overcomes the others causing them to lose what a joke . and actually maybe get rid of that ... yep , i think announcing ones religion is just a way to label oneself dumb , and that's the only way i can see it as useful in society . also i am from vancouver bc . i am a total mind reader , as soon as someone opens their mouth i can deduce exactly what they are getting at or what lead them to that particular idea , i can read between the lines like none other ... just act like a dumbass everywhere you go and as soon as someone scolds you or verbally assaults you to any degree you may have an entp on the hook . i almost never laugh at anything , it is almost impossible to get me to laugh forcibly i usually just chuckle as common courtesy but i don't even crack a grin watching any tv show youtube video or ... yeah definitely just smoke weed , that's what i do and it makes it better . when i was younger i was a bit more disassociated with society and i would withdraw into myself a lot . i thought i was an introvert but i guess as it turns out it's just an entp phase . never , i'll see someone on facebook with one of those long names with made up middle names 40 characters long and see their face in a crowd and remember their entire facebook name on the spot . i was a very angry child but overtime i started to emote less and less , and now i don't get angry at all . never from any sort of physical pain , maybe once or twice as a child from emotional pain . '