daenerys targaryen . she never considers the pragmatic ramifications of her actions . ' let the philosophers argue over good and evil , ' is also an incredibly hypocritical statement to make considering ... i was like this somewhat when i was younger . now i view these situations in terms of costs and benefits and likely outcomes . most times , when someone digs his or her heels in , that person does not ... dear xxx , your ti stinks . tease apart possibilities . do not make assumptions . i can consider another person an equal . but to consider another an equal and to allow that same person into my intimate territory is another matter . two consuls in the roman republic were always ... that is his most renowned parable , yes . he was the other most prominent daoist next to laozi . he wrote a book also now titled zhuangzi , which is witty , wise and humorous , which emphasizes ... not certain , but there is a chinese proverb that sums up my sentiment : ' two tigers cannot share the same mountain . ' i have trouble relinquishing my autonomy for someone else . i want to control my ... interestingly , my post count decreased by several posts as soon as i posted only one comment in spam world . i hope that data helps . there is no joke going over anyone's head here . this thread is a distasteful attempt at humor that stereotypes japanese culture , its people and its language . bear in mind this thread first ... it depends on the person . i value my career path more . for me , it is not about wealth and reputation . it is about autonomy and the ability to work 40 – 60 hours per week and actually like it . i want my ... taoism is the now archaic wade-giles romanization . daoism is the pinyin romanization , which is now the preferred spelling in academia as it more accurately reflects the pronunciation of the word . daoism is pretty darn awesome . i love the actionless action ( wu-wei ) principle . have you read the philosopher zhuangzi ? we're all going to die ? ! spoilers , dude ! i tend to thank comments that are constructive , honest and well-reasoned . i also thank astute comments that make me stop and think even when i may not accept the point expressed . i never thank ... this sounds more like unhealthy 8s and those 8s in the middle . 8s who move towards 2 are more in touch with what makes them human and with others ' needs . healthy 8s are able to be more open and ... i have the same visitor message notification issue as above . it must be ... the ghost in the machine ! ! ! i experienced several unwanted contact highs when my state legalized recreational use . it caused me to become uncoordinated and also loosened my inhibitions somewhat , which in my world means i get ... why is your novel set to be published prior to your transformation into an intj ? check this out ! bbc x97 the digital game that could cure tb here is the download . intensity . dominance . inner peace . there have been many crazies here on perc who have responded to various threads , made terrible statements about type , sex , class , etc . and have been banned . based on those experiences the users on ... crooluniqorn , i can see a scenario in which the board responds to a true pain in the ass by doubling down , threatening to terminate her and filing injunctions . the comment about sjs seems to ... it may be the case that this board member wishes to discuss the matter with the board so that he can provide you with the best comprehensive answers to your questions — i would request a set date to ... it always helps to practice perspective . bear in mind that not every person shares the same values , priorities and style as you do . this does not make those various values , priorities and styles ... this sounds like clinical depression . he should see a doctor . i also think you will be better served by asking the 4s . they will have a better perspective on what they want and need when under ... pffft . ditched the xntp forum invasion of the entjs . one look at the entjs and the intps are balking . prank dead just after arrival . next time entrust the invasions to the xntjs . dudette , that is how we lose the invasion . them telling you to gtfo and you nodding and smiling . make war on these thin-skinned , humorless peons ! count the intjs and 8s out if you can't stand up ... no need to wear it as a badge of honor . if they cannot loosen up and take a joke , fuck ' em . forum error . it is great to keep a goal in mind but you also need to take things one step at a time . at this point in your life and in your career , a meaningful career is probably not going to be on the table for ... he sounds like a fucking asshole and you sound a bit desperate and unsure of yourself . this isn't going to end well if you don't disengage . same . urgent was poor choice on my part . i think pertinent is the more appropriate word . one of my favorite lines in the dao de jing is : i am more indifferent about things that aren't terribly ... i took the op to mean that you had tried to talk with him but your attempts were snubbed or met with hostility and denial . if that is incorrect and you have indeed given him ample space to collect ... just kidding . as usual , you xntps are late . come on in . don't touch my drum set . this reminds me of the zen proverb , ' if you aim for it , you are turning away from it . ' i would permit him the space to cool down and process whatever bothers him . the alternative , which i think is ... no , my avatar was a tiger at the time my admittedly lame joke was made . stop picking trite fights with me , man . i've asked you to stop trolling and committing ad hominem once and now i'm asking ... ever think your anxiety may be related to ne's tendency to see multiple outcomes ? the way i see it , when you ask multiple times so the other party can provide a clear answer , and that party ... thank you , jeb . i was resistant to advice and questioning when i was younger so it helped to experience things myself . i think many people need that . it reminds me of a quote from confucius : ' i hear ... i am not an anxious person , no . i would rather ask the other participant to make their point as clear and as orderly as possible . but when it becomes apparent that this person cannot do that , then i ... it's too bad his reserved nature prohibits him from appreciating positive friends and acquaintances . sorry , i'm not seeing a good excuse here . he sounds uptight and needs to loosen up . people who liken their current situations to slavery . how entitled can someone become ? ! as i said in another thread , read the classic slave narratives and about ancient roman slavery . anyone who ... i always thought of it as leave to somewhere that does not have that law . either that or protest , lobby , vote or whatever . i suppose it makes sense that certain egregious laws should be avoided ... i do really well with them . one of my long-time friends is an esfp and we absolutely love each other due to our strong differences . we complete each other . in my honest opinion , anyone who has a ... post more rand quotes and evidence to the contrary and then we will see . a bald statement that the other party is incorrect doesn't do much . paulie , you need evidence too . protest or leave . it's that simple . protesters should also know they can be thrown in prison but that is a risk they know and accept exists . i am curious to hear your alternative to democracy ... it seems really odd that a type with te second in its stack could normally have such a short attention span and low motivation . i would research depression . that can do it due to low serotonin and ... you are correct in that laws also mean threats , but the key here is that the people consented to those laws because they voted . the threats are levelled at those who , despite their residence in a ... * in the bookstore * * hears child's loud voice on the other end of the store behind the stacks * child : daddy , what's a quarter ? * silence * child : i need a quarter ! ! !