' there are 92 days left until i officially move to college . naturally , i would like to take this opportunity to change and improve in order to ensure a better life in college . some ... i'd engage in small talk if someone who i respect ( like a teacher or something ) initiated it . orrr if a person who i wanted to get to know more initiated it . reasons why i don't like small talk : ... uhh ... ways to differentiate intjs ( or just me in particular , which may apply to other intjs ) from other people : i'm either glaring or looking like i'm pissed off / sad when i'm not ... this usually ... i treat crushes as normally as i treat other people , with a hint of favoritism thrown in . when i was younger ( like a few years ago , let's be honest ) , i would spend hours thinking about them ( this is ... i cried last weekend when i thought none of the colleges were going to accept me , which would mean that i would be incompetent ( which in turn would shatter everything that is important to me ) ... are you : someone who gives gifts with the expectation that they'll get a service or gift that's equally , or more , beneficial in return . someone who gives gifts but then later takes it ... i boiled them in salted water ... maybe that's why it tastes better than what you've had in the past ? lima beans taste like potato ! abscisse now that you've mentioned it , i completely agree ! this can't be truer for me right now . i'm really obsessed with history at the moment . in the past two days i have read and taken notes ... i almost didn't click on this because of the typo , but then i realized that a ton of threads have typos in their titles . intjs do feel ( especially things that aren't superficial ) . it really ... ugh sorry , i really tried ... i tried hard to find quotes ... i tried not to roll my eyes ... i tried not to cringe at all the sucking up ... i really did . here's what i found : intj appreciation ... i'm like one of the people above . i don't procrastinate often , i decide when to do it . sometimes that is right before it's due . it's usually right before it's due . i think there's a difference ... i ask questions like they are statements . i don't respond when people say meaningless things to try to get a response out of me . i have a hard time being happy for people instead of analyzing ... where does one find people who like intjs ? is there like a certain age when people realize that we aren't all that bad ? if i give someone a gift , i expect them to like it ( i get stuff people like because i know them and think through gifts ) and then return the favor some time in the future . it doesn't matter how they ... i would like to be immortal if i could be the ruler of the world from age 50/60 onward . i don't watch tv . lol yup . i dream lucidly too ... pretty much every time . there have been times where my dreams have been so realistic that i actually have done the things that i've dreamed in real life a month or so ... 1 ) effectiveness ( which makes me happy , which is why happiness is last ) 2 ) aspiration and growth 3 ) accountability 4 ) insight 5 ) happiness being effective makes me happy , so happiness is ... no , i'm not . i'm pretty cheap regardless . after i think of buying something , i usually spend anywhere from 1 week to months thinking about whether it's worth spending money on . i don't do this with food , ... yes . i'd rather adopt though . there are enough kids out there already , but i'd probably have one of my own if my future husband wanted one . i would make them into a superhuman . i wouldn't have kids ... @ vaccine feel free to share your secrets ;) experience . but i think you need knowledge from books to help you get more out of an experience , depending on what it is . i really enjoy eating the same thing over and over again for some reason . when i find a new combination of things that i like and are easily available , i'll only eat that for weeks , if not months , on ... 1 . why do you think you are intj ? because i've always felt different , misunderstood , and out of place in comparison to the people in my grade , who are older than me anyway . plus , i felt that the ... esfp extravert (8 9 % ) sensing ( 75 % ) feeling (8 8 % ) perceiving ( 56 ) % you have strong preference of extraversion over introversion (8 9 % ) you have distinctive preference of sensing over intuition ( 75 % ) ... the inability to feel my emotions properly drives me crazy since i always feel like i'm acting or being insincere . it doesn't actually drive me crazy since i feel calm for the vast majority of the ... omg ! haha . i loved roller coaster tycoon so much that i even started playing games just because it had the word ' tycoon ' in the name . i also played neopets and had the exact same goals as you . i feel ... if you get clay , get polymer clay . colorful clay that you can later bake to create legit characters . you can even get erasable polymer clay . i'd recommend also getting fun how-to books for ... it really depends on how you use the internet . i went through this phase where i used to play time management games all the time . i also learned the basics of how to run a business and how the ... it really depends . i have a few sleep cycles : 1 ) sleep from 4pm - 7pm 2 ) sleep from 9pm - 2am 3 ) sleep from 2am - 6am i'm currently on sleep cycle 1 because i'm getting ahead in my schoolwork and i ... a computer . it's the best toy there is . i loved using the computer when i was younger . i can completely understand that it feels like you're giving a lot ... because you are . the relationship will be rewarding if you get into one , though . good luck ! personally , the words i love you don't mean anything . i'd rather that someone show me rather than take the shortcut by saying i love you . it could be that he is the same way and is unsure ... this doesn't really work if the intj isn't interested in physics , though . even still , they'd probably look at you like you were an idiot . they'd have to understand reasons for my behavior but also force me to do things i wouldn't normally do . they'd have to be direct . they should be a complex person with goals and have the drive to ... there're probably intjs around you that you haven't recognized . i don't ignore anyone who comes up to me , so you could probably go up to an intj . chat , though ? about what ? you'd have to come up ... how specifically do you intj's learn concepts ? it really depends on the subject . for math , i learn it through applying my knowledge to problems . for other classes like history , i learn by ... my favorite fun activity is accomplishing things . this is a really tough question ... all types have personality traits that i wouldn't mind having / would like to have . for example , i would like to be a better debater ( intp ) . one of my greatest ... hahahaha , that's hilarious ! i will do that , just for the lulz . thank you guys ! this makes a lot of sense . i kind of knew that it was a bad idea , but i just needed confirmation that it truly was a bad idea . the idea of selling my help does sound good but i'm ... 2014 goals : 1 . learn to better control what i say to people . 2 . not waste time dwelling on things i know aren't true . 3 . tone up . 4 . actually study for ib / ap exams in may . i'm stuck between wanting to give all of my classmates my notes / study guides ( since they've asked for them on several occasions ) and not wanting to help them at all since i know that no one cares as ... question 1 ) if i heard someone talking behind my back , i would feel sorry for them . they need to belittle someone else in order to feel validation , and that says a lot about their character . i would ... i don't think you should distance yourself from your friend . find out the whole situation and ask your friend why she reacted in that way . after that , explain your view of the situation . i don't ... true neutral . i'm surprised i wasn't chaotic evil , haha . this is a good idea . another great way to destroy headsets is simply by twisting the wire into knots so that the wires break internally . whatever you decide , you need to find a way to make your ... through observation , you should know what your brother's weakest point is . if you really have to , you can attack it . when someone annoys or betrays me , i either take away whatever they depend on ... '