' i believe we should ask the question do i care about the climate ? and then ask the following question what if the climate is changing ? it seems logical to me that if you don't care about the ... hate . the amount of misunderstandings amongst humans . it's a toxic ecosystem . i am anxious . anxious that this post goes wrong . but hey i guess it won't . tomorrow i'll go walking . there's this woman i like and at the end of my walk i may see her . well , i had an instant crush ... hi , i hope i'm not bothering anyone with this late reply , i figured it'd be useful as twin flames seem to be very rare . so what i want to say is that this website gives a little more information ... don't forget to flirt :D my former roommate , or her chocolate . idk , either i guess . i believe we forget where our loyalties lie . nature is our greatest companion when it comes to treating people who committed crimes . it has been proven by the norway island prison ( statistically ! ) so ... it's hard to find the place to express myself and feel valued . confidence is a start , and not allowing people around me all the time . now i'm thinking about iq and eq . on iq i score 120-130 so i'm confused as i'm an infp . i'm thinking i may score 140-150 on eq if it were equivalent ? edit : stupid fucking eq tests ! i'm randomly ... based on the outcome it'd be preferable to change the iq testing system :) it wasn't dumb but definitely funny : i was being emotional over wanting to learn more about emotional things and trying to fix shortcomings regarding my emotions . : laughing : it's ok , your mistakes aren't hers . if you both realize that and be patient with each other and both work on your behavior it's going to be a great friendship ( once again ) . : happy : i think you should apologize . oh , and that sounds like something i could say myself . : laughing : hi i'm about 90-95 % infp ( on all 4 aspects ! ) which is very high . i feel i only really connect with enfj's . with enfj's everything feels natural and complimentary . no doubt for me that infp-enfj is ... tinders app description isn't at all about offering sex . it's about dating . who said we can't live with nature and have good healthcare ? healthcare , in the first place , comes from nature . i say we can live a 100 years either way , just not if we keep living the way we do . i do feel like that . i feel like being in the middle of all other people's problems : laughing : . i wish to bathe in good things . i'd love a basic income for all mankind , no strings attached . why not get it done so we get rid of all poverty and some wars ? it almost happened in the us but even with 80 % in favor nothing happened . mbti is my most favorite personality indicator , because i do not see any differences in personality types , let stand favorite any one of them . here have some positive ! my girlfriend : kitteh : bad people working in healthcare . go quit your job right now and feel sorry ! yeah good point , it's probably not as much extreme as i pointed it out to be . well said : happy : infp's seem to be conceived as vulnerable and sick people , at least according to this website : 10 things infps want from the person theyx 92re dating | thought catalog i don't curse often , but ... reluctanine thank you for colornote ! i am thinking of using it to simplify priorities : happy : . i don't think it's about your idealism , but about forming your opinion regarding news . so my suggestion is : don't let news form your opinion on the world . you ( can ) form most of your opinion on ... hello fellow infp's ! i imagine an app being a little grain of sand . so as i was wandering through the app desert on my phone i figured i might as well seek some refuge in the perc oasis ... anyways , ... i disagree with you there . the only way to get into a relationship is to fall in love , and there is no way to talk yourself out of it ! : tongue : well when it concerns my health i make it very easy : i will get my sleep , and if you have a problem with that too bad ! your girlfriend doesn't love you for a lack of sleep does she ? beautylover love is in the air , but it isnx 92t really . itx 92s within me . what i see .. beauty is infinity . i am good with roommates when i feel like i belong i am free from meat . the thing is , i see no point in being a vegetarian and i see no point in eating meat daily either . i do see an important point to have a balanced diet and i just don't see meat ... not my day i hate to admit it , but i don't take new members with deep problems seriously so i fully agree with you . meditation is most effective for me it seems . music and reading works , drawing works , but meditation completely relaxes my body and leaves my thoughts ordered for a few hours . if i meditate for an ... sometimes i feel conditioned by internet history . then again , i meet new things every day ! i've been asking this to myself for some time now . i am looking for a different life with much less consumption but to step out of my old life is the hardest thing to do . i am so used still to think ... yeah i enjoy cooking at times , but cooking every day feels like a drag to me . i enjoy it most when i don't think what to cook but just choose ingredients based upon how i feel . i've also started to ... yes i do ! i get quite a bit done with my charm . : happy : yes i know exactly what you mean . the situations it gets me in are totally different due to my autism but the funny thing is that sometimes due to this combination of autism and infp people seem to ... you always get used to talking to people if it's for your job , few or many . i assume you like helping others so from that perspective i think it can work . that point of view helped me a lot just ... tea probably been said but oh well i believe in enfj's : blushed : i think that is an interesting question . when i was younger i had no idea where to find my other side , and still i have trouble with it . i think it has to do with the current state of the world . we ... that is kind of how i see internet forums and chat : laughing : : crazy : pretty bad . i joined an institution to see what's up because i got stuck in life . the only positive thing was my fast diagnosis of autism , and funnily enough that was because of my own honesty about ... fmt ( fuck my type ) myst online and a tale in the desert , because they are two of the few persistent non-violent , non-sexual and non-food addiction inducing mmo ( rp ) g's that have a level of maturity . the rest is all ... '