' what is this place ? why am i being repeatedly summoned here ? D= i don't really like puzzle games unless they're colorful enough to keep me entertained and have a good story behind them . i guess i don't really see the value in flash games like bejeweled and candy ... haha , wow , that show actually existed and wasn't something i just dreamed that my friend used to babble about ? might be worth a watch ... peanut butter , pecan , sugar and shortbread . <3 not so much with other animals , but with dogs . i have a good understanding of dog behavior so i communicate well with them and usually i can get strays or other peoples ' dogs to approach me pretty ... i go to a school with a little girl who has turners ' and autism and she's the sweetest child that will ever break your heart , but at the same time i don't think anything could ever break hers . i ... exactly . i'm an irrational being because that's what i logically decided i should be . i couldn't imagine a life repressing or denying my emotions , instead i want to live as vividly as possible , ... pretty much everything in aelthwyn's post , including the dramatics , unfortunately . i've dabbled in a large assortment of mediums . i draw , cook , sing , do papercrafts and found art , even build ... why yes i do . i try not to be a materialistic person but i like my trinkets and baubles just because they're neat and nifty . the other day when i was in town i found a piece of a rhinestone necklace ... my cat was raised in a litter of five and from the moment she could walk she singled me out as her bff with no input from my side . none of the her siblings craved attention like she did , and some ... i'm mature for my age , but i don't think anyone is truly all-wise and i try to see wisdom more as a path then a destination . uhm , this type of thing is why i'm not in public school anymore . i don't really hate it , but i don't get much out of it either . i've always dabbled about in different mediums but starting only when i was about 15 i decided that i needed to improve on my drawing skills ... for a long time i was afraid to try and draw people ... depends on what you mean . i've always been told that even though i naturally tend to be verbose , i'm also easily able to go back and explain things to a person in a way that they specifically can ... ooh , i've got a good picture . people have even told me it screams ' story ' xd ; the humble tree was known ... this , although i enjoy high fantasy and my reason for not liking it is more that i felt the author went too far out of his way to be realistic about rabbit biology and sacrificed story fluidity for ... nope , this is more me . =) about 2/3 rds of everything in my writing is symbolic , the rest is just nonsense . i use dogs to stand in for humans a lot . so a pack of dogs attacking for example might really be a stand in for ... * car crash sound effect plays * o . o what the hell hollywood . yeah , i've pretty much figured out that i won't need half this stuff in the real world . the issue is more that i need to pass two really hard math courses to qualify for my major ... in social work ... yup . i have dsycalculia , and a lot of the crap that comes along with that , which is everything from getting confused looking at large groups of numbers to taking up to five seconds to process right ... respect for animals and nature i've done a lot of my best photography through the years in the children's educational garden adjacent to our local museum . i need to go out and do some photoshoots again , once it gets warmer . ... would you ever consider a robot for any kind of companionship ? why or why not ? of course i'd want one ! i'm ridiculously enthusiastic about the idea of artificial intelligence . the idea of sharing ... i'm no cute lil bunny , i'm a ferocious dragon ... now get over here and scratch meh belly . ) , 8 ooh , all these people always coming in our forum and telling us how much they appreciate us . =) i wonder what we do to deserve that . oh yes . i'm very , very hard to bore simply because i can entertain myself with the constructs of my mind . usually if i have to wait somewhere and wait i get very quiet and at that point i'm usually ... 1 ) did you make me autistic or did i become this way because of human error ? 2 ) am i living my life right so far ? 3 ) do animals get to go to heaven , too ? sometimes , depends on what it is they've done . i can't think of anything i won't listen to off the top of my head , but my dad won't listen to elton john and turns the station when he comes on the ... i'd never touched an apple computer in my whole life until two years ago , or any other operating system besides windows for that matter . i don't have anything against the other guys , it's just that ... o . o * shrug * - age : 18 - gender : female - sexual orientation : asexual / it's complicated - age when you lost your virginity : nevah - number of partners : noone - any thoughts , feelings or stories on the ... kind of inbetween , there . there's a point between being energetic and tired that i write the best , but i can't be too energetic ( because i won't be able to focus ) or too tired ( because the quality of ... i think i know what you mean . i experience this as being able to make my nerves fire on command , for about three seconds like you said before it fizzles out . it's sort of a neutral firing , neither ... well ... when i was a child , i was really quick to anger , and my convictions where much stronger then they are now ; i could get really upset if someone didn't see things my way . in some ways i was wise ... lady o . w . bro i've watched that before actually , thanks . =) no dude , dogs are amazing . maybe its just because i was raised in a household where i never was without dogs , but i also can't imagine a life without them . it's amazing to think that there's a ... yup . i'm going to school right now to be a social worker . =) i can definitely relate to a lot of what's been said so far , there seems to be some draw to with us to understand how humans tick ... travel channel : - mysteries at the museum - bizarre foods - ghost adventures ( for the lulz , honestly ) sci-fi : - ghost hunters - face off and the new spin-off jim henson's creature shop corinthians 13:4- 13 love is patient , love is kind . it does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . it does not dishonor others , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps ... you're gonna need to provide more information , but if what you told me is everything , i don't think so . dyslexia is a lot more complicated then spelling words out of order . it can effect your ... lazy infps are laaazzzy . <3 for the past seven or years i've had a strange unidentifiable emotional issue where for the life of me i cannot write fanfiction . i write my original stuff all the time with no problem , but for some ... the only people i aim to piss off with my writing are people who are assholes to begin with . you can't make everyone happy , though . gluttony and sloth . glothony ? also , it might be important to note that the number of sins has changed over time . the one i remember off the top of my head is that sloth used to be divided into two ... my sun sign is scorpio with capricorn rising , my moon sign is aries . i've been told this adds up quite nicely for an infp . sometimes ugly ducklings grow up to be swans . sometimes ugly duckings just grow up to be ugly ducks . i just wish i weighed what i did when i was fourteen . the acne is never going away either , no ... the perculator ? =D * rimshot * if perc was a cafe , i would come in every morning for my glass of strong , sweet earl grey and then sit with my laptop , writing , reading , working on ... o . o i'm very sorry that happened to you , because that has absolutely nothing to do with the message of the book . it's true that the main character has blue eyes , but it's specifically to show that ... '