' there are moments when one has to choose between living one's own life , fully , entirely , completely-or dragging out some false , shallow , degrading existence that the world in its hypocrisy demands ... weeeird , that's the types of guys i am interested in too ... down to the long fingers ! there is something about long fingers that is just very sexy to me ... i admire my bf's all the time ( though he ... all of us self-diagnose to some point , i think . it's especially more common with resources via the internet available so widely . i work in medicine and honestly if it should bug someone it should be ... it's nice to have an answer , something concrete you can deal with . i hope everything works out for you :) love yourself for who you are , lord knows it's pretty damn hard to change a lot of that ... sometimes i need the stress of a deadline or impending failure to get moving . sometimes even that isn't enough ... ! sometimes if i just start working i'll be fine ... it is that big first step that ... i think it's a one-upping thing , and eventually those feelings get bruised and we can be big whiny babies about it . it's an unwritten rule so don't go spreading it around ;) though honestly i love ... want advice from an entp female ? i don't think she's that interested . she probably talks to you because she feels comfortable with you and finds you amusing / interesting . whenever you try to make ... i find law really interesting ... to learn about , to read about etc . if i went anywhere near it , it would be as a detective or something similar . the idea of being a lawyer brings up the vision of ... waaaiiitt a minute here ... all these ' thanks ' are just a quick way for me to feel more empowered about my amazing opinions , which i gladly manufacture and churn out for a captive internet audience ! ! ... i think i've mostly dated sensors but it's probably as a result of there just being so many more of them . as far as sensors go , i get along ( romantically ) with esfps the best . i had a horrid ... this is a good book , fun to browse or to use as a thesaurus . lots of interesting words and phrases . amazon.com : the thinker's thesaurus : sophisticated alternatives to common words ... i get that way sometimes , even with people i love . it's because i'm focusing on something and i can be flighty so i * * need * * to focus and getting over-emotional or distracted is going to put me ... i thought about doing design and was told the same thing ! i honestly can't add any more to the conversation but i think it would be a neat career if you were good at it . there's nothing more annoying than getting all cuddly in bed and then realizing you completely forgot to do some stupid task that can't be put off until the next day > : o i fall back on routines when i'm tired or i have important things that need to get done every day , like bathing or a night routine . the nice part about being an xnxp is that a lot of times my mind ... make yourself do those things you don't want to do that you know are good for you or will serve you in the long run . it helps stave off the depression . and do things with your values in mind ; don't ... i'm really envious of people who can fall asleep easily . i've suffered from insomnia since i was a child and it has probably become worse the older i get . i haven't figured out any methods that work ... i get called negative too . only intjs and intps ( or other entps ) find my jokes funny . entjs are too busy dominating corporations . it's almost as if we're self-aware and socialized enough to agree that making changes is important but not so sensitive that it blows our life apart with guilt and personal responsibility to realize ... i'm accused of being too serious or thinking too much . i'm too self-aware to be able to rationalize to myself why i did something ... when i try to give myself a reason to make myself feel better i automatically tell myself it is bullshit and recognize ... i find complicated people fascinating and i tend to find my own thought processes interesting ... however as i get older i find more aspects i don't like about myself rather than just this huge ... i feel like i spend more time than other people trying to understand people and situations rather than rushing to a decision and condemning them . i'm honest with myself about my shortcomings and try ... i was more right . was thinking about the genetics of sensors vs . intuitors the other day actually ... just theorizing with my boyfriend ... and i figure there are probably certain types that are more likely to have ... most of my friends are enfps , infps and esfps ... the only j friends i have are introverts , they don't plan because they don't usually want to go anywhere haha . normally if i plan something i'm so crap ... i hate questions where i know the examiner phrased it incorrectly and that there really isn't a right answer because of the mistake he / she made . that annoys even though i'd never be anal enough to ... i read once that people with parkinson's disease lose a lot of weight because of the unintentional tremors their bodies undergo ( which can be a real source of problems for them for other reasons ) but ... i'm not disputing any of the above :) are we supposed to be arguing ? i thought it was obvious i was being tongue in cheek . noted that you didn't call it dick flick night ;) i prefer :: giggles gleefully :: :: places fluffy mittens on hands :: :: squishes stuffed animal close :: :: squeals in delight :: :: devours triple molten chocolate brownie deluxe with marshmallow ... excitement : ! ! ! :D :: insert action that doesn't sound girly to you :: woot wouldn't finishing first make you the loser in this competition ? ehehehe yeah , but sleep is * so * amazing , i'd rather enjoy it while i'm alive :) yes , sigh . the worst part is that i still can't seem to keep my mouth shut ; i just love the sound of my own inner monologue being verbalized . though there is a girl in my clinical group who ... when i was a young entp ( and i'm a female ) i was constantly hurting other people and treading on their feelings without really realizing it or knowing it was a major deal . relationships at that age ... i don't really like tv a lot , but i watched scrubs until it started to suck , dead like me , whose line is it anyway ? , psychoville , look around you ( both british ) , stargate , the walking dead , cartoon ... i feel like anxiety and social anxiety comes to me naturally because i have so much trouble fitting in with what is expected of most people . the expectations to be a certain way , react in a certain ... my dog got hit by a car about a week and a half ago . i didn't cry at the time---i was too busy trying to rush him to the hospital , then give a good report to the docs , and then sit and stare sit and ... ~ ~ ~ abhors ~ ~ ~ going over the same thing over and over again ( especially rehashing details ) forcing me into an opinion , especially if they are extremely moral about it ( i tend to worship the gray ) --> ... i'm not sure i've ever seen him in anything else . something about his voice really bugs me , that's part of it . i don't really watch much t . v . though so don't mind me :) i don't really pay attention to people very closely a lot of the time , but sometimes it doesn't even matter---i pick up on these subtle cues that i can't even explain really ; the best way to describe ... i feel like i tend to have more personal contact with sps and nfs ... i see a lot of sjs but they tend to rub me the wrong way , even from a distance , so i avoid them . nts are so quiet and isolated in ... i tend to be the same way and what makes it worse is that people don't seem to think i'm being sincere so are even more insulted or upset , which feeds into it and makes me more choppy and hesitant ... ugh . i really dislike that show . the actor that plays dexter for some reason just * * grates * * on my nerves . i saw the first season and bits and pieces of the second season ( my brother was a fan and ... i like the idea of family but in the poker game of life , i was dealt a super shitty hand . none of us get along and i regard my family as some of the most selfish , negative people i've ever known ... this is stuck in my head now , thanks to this thread . ack i actually like going out dancing or to bars every once in awhile , but that means every few months or so ( and a year can quickly go by in which i didn't go to a crowded and loud bar at all ) . i find ... maybe i'm just lucky , but i tend to have weird , quirky teachers with good senses of humor or very energetic , passionate and caring ones . definitely helps . in most situations the entp will still initiate i bet . i always do . and there is always the question of male-male and female-female relationships ; they can't fall into what society teaches males and ... '