' that pretty much sums it up . i do this as well . but the speed at which i read has lead me to abandon book reading due to monetary constraints . just the internet for me now , where there is infinite text and zero dollars involved . i encourage it , gets people to leave me the hell alone . heck , it's probably the only reason i never got into a fight in high school . if you ask me questions about my life , i will tell you . i don't naturally start conversations about my life but i don't have anything to hide . if you ask me a question , i'll tell you the truth , so ... i do the long distance , wait for eye contact , * nod * i'm in the same boat as talon . no soul . no afterlife . one chance . in a way , i think it's even more comforting than believing in an afterlife . my point exactly . and that's why you are arguing with a stranger on the internet . either way i don't care . : mellow : i enjoy my quality of not having to give a single fuck about anything ever . so ... t ? how about we just strive for a perfect world instead of being lazy ? because if they were clearer , the misassumption wouldn't have been able to occur in the first place . another example that could use clarity : that dog is sick . do i mean that the dog is ... the problem stems from the fact that in english you can say a complete sentence and derive two valid meanings from it given the context . such as a joke i heard from a english comedian about how he ... so if others are choosing their words haphazardly why should i stoop to their level ? shouldn't we strive for greater clarity instead of dumbing down for the lowest denominator ? if there isn't an audible pause i don't think it's unreasonable to say you want to eat grandma ? besides , why should i assume that the speaker doesn't want to eat their grandma ? i carefully choose ... but what is actually being said is the only thing we can reliably base any information off of . if you can't express yourself in an intelligent way how the hell are supposed to know that you aren't an ... i'm guessing his spilled some beer on his phone . instead of trying to justify your position , try making him justify his . make him defend his opinion , if he says you are a ... nah , i've heard it before . doesnt bother me . heights flying insects and that's about it . but the fear is slowly disappearing . if i killed baby hitler , then he wouldn't have killed all those jews , so i wouldnt know i would have to kill baby hitler . pime taradox ! just do it don't worry if you don't , we can always just sacrifice you to our dark gods . that is indeed how i approach it . i have nothing making me do good except for the fact that i want to do good things . i don't fear divine punishment nor do i expect reward upon death . i just want to ... tickle them during sex , it's not rape if they're laughing . that sounds like rapin ' words to me ! yes , let us not confuse the good rapists with the bad ones . so wait ... as an atheist i should stop raping children ? i eat alone , but then , i wont sit and eat with someone unless i am specifically invited . i think there is a problem with language when it comes to this question . people will ask me if i am happy and i'll say no , because i am not . but people take unhappy to mean sad or depressed when it ... well ... seeing as how half of my birthdays had no one show up to them , i'm just good with having guests . woke up , fell out of bed , dragged a comb across my head . found my way downstairs and drank a cup , and looking up i noticed i was late . found my coat and grabbed my hat , made the bus in seconds flat , ... problem is , i was born a day early , my sister 2 weeks early . i believe my brother was born late . so if the astrology charts have been updated to base it off of birth time instead of conception time , ... so what i'm hearing is that it is total bullpoo . one must conquer themselves before conquering the world . average day : wake up , shower , eat , go to school , come home , eat , watch tv / use computer , eat , go to bed . i tell my friends my rules for the phone : if all it requires is you asking me a question , me answering , you confirming ; then text me . if we are going to be going back and forth a lot , call me . ... i can't remember the last time i was inspired . i think it may no longer be possible to inspire me . well for one , introversion vs extroversion is based on whether you have a sensitivity to dopamine , those that are sensitive to it are introverts . i have a question , for astrology why is your birth time significant anyways ? it's not like because you are in a womb you are invulnerable to gravity , cosmic rays , magic , what have you . wouldn't the ... i eat meat because i can eat meat . if i could digest rocks i'd eat them too . so ... the 12 ( now 13 ) astrological signs ( that are off by 6 months ) reflect the 16 personality types ? so which personality types are doubling up on months ? or does everyone only get a partial ... you mad bro ? come at me ! nope , you're just a crazy . she's got lifeless eyes . black eyes . like a doll's eyes . when she comes at ya , doesn't seem to be living ... until she bites ya , and those black eyes roll over white and then ... ah then you hear that ... it's not about focusing on the bad and ignoring the good , it's that your bad thing is probably of great importance to your friend and he feels it would be foolish to ignore it . if say your doctor ... the problem is , judging people based on what they have done in the past is actually an excellent indicator of what they will do in the future . also judging people based on their past is the only ... here is also an excerpt from the second link i posted , with emphasis ( in bold ) on what was most important for me growing up . recapping what works with intjs let them play alone or with one ... these may also help :  and maybe this ... '