' klopik : thanks for the necro . i usually don't hang out here because of the treatment you got after nicely responding to something i wrote . i used to think that all intjs were like the loving , kind ... from the other side , yeah , it can hurt when an infp acts like they like random acquaintances and strangers more than a close friend when you are the close friend . and it does feel like the standards ... aelthwyn , thanks for your reply . i have been doing a lot of searches for infp understanding on perc recently , and your posts have been helping me with understandings , even from years ago . something ... thank you for a thought-provoking response . what you say really goes deep into it . unfortunately , i can no longer get away with the just listen rephrase thing . we are close-close for over a decade ... sorry for the misunderstanding , potato . i really appreciated you talking to me . it does mean a lot to have someone read what you are going through and respond . so thank you . hope you are not being too serious here . i am feeling sort of horrible and it would suck for the first response to my post to be that i have a big ego . my understanding is that the significant ... thanks . i just wish bitter didn't have to be one person against the world because i feel shut out . maybe i am subconsciously uncomfortable being someone who the bitter part is against . probably ... hi , everyone . i am feeling sad tonight . my infp is half bitter and half happy-bunny , and i am completely happy-bunny . i don't relate to the bitter part because i am a fairly extreme optimist . i ... yes , bethdeth , it has been an interesting chat . here is what i have learned about myself . as an intj with enneagram one , i am completely values driven and see everything in terms of values , so i ... bethdeth , why do you care about what i think or feel ? i don't have emotions towards you . i don't have emotions towards anyone here except for gratefulness that i have gotten amazing information ... i wasn't making a point . i converse occasionally with antiant and she talks to me about her value system when i ask . she admits publicly that she does things that go against the status quo in terms ... bethdeth , stop . i have no issues with anyone . if you don't understand my posts , don't read them . they are about sociology and not about calling anybody out for anything . everyone here takes ... bethdeth , try taking what i have said without judgment behind it , in neutral . you are acting like antiant cares what others think of her behavior here . she doesn't . obviously antiant is not doing ... no , i was referring to a very extreme post by antiant where she said we were basically all fluff , that no one here was able to carry an intellectual discussion , that we were all a joke and she was ... crono , why are you arguing for the sake of arguing ? it gets draining . first of all , your point when you came in seemed to be that most of the intjs here who were saying they took a realist view ... i liked that post because you went much farther than usual in your usual riding of the line between am i criticizing you or joking , which are components of sarcasm that every intj enjoys plus ruling ... i have noticed this , and i have heard you say that you are only kidding when someone is offended , but in my mind , i imagine that you are maybe kidding and maybe not , and how you determine this is ... this is such an indulgent load of narcissist self-aggrandizement put into an area that nobody dares can touch out of fear of not being politically correct , defending one's country and doing heroic ... pam , i think from past posts it seems that most intj women tend to go for overachievement but have an unusually low competition drive , unless you want to call competing with yourself competition . ... welcome , hi . i wouldn't do it . i would get a book and read up on how to use psychology to get a promotion . find ways to delegate that sound good to your boss , create systems that make your work ... the concept of introversion is confusing . i don't lose energy from being with people . i just lose energy from socializing . i get energy talking with people about ideas . socializing is like ... agreed . it's like my motivation is tied up into my energy level , and if the energy drops , i can't function . i always think when i get time off i am going to finally do a good job on things , but i ... i think it is even less than 15 . but i totally agree . and the percent that i want to hang out with is a fraction of that . i am usually just working my ass off to mentally keep the numbers above ... i had over a year of major financial decrease , and i am greedy and it really depressed me . i found out i was horrible at less work . i actually felt more tired . i need the focus of lots of work to ... got it . flora is extremely dignified as a feeler . she has her feelings but decides when to show them . so that is more balanced . heart turned to porcelain is similar . thanks . okay . i have to say , the people i meet irl have no idea what mbti is , and they are behaving exactly like those on this forum . one firm owner is 53 , another is mid 50 s , some of them are ... this isn't really an intj-specific question , just something i want to ask those who are more knowledgable of mbti . i guess i still don't believe that all functions are equally preferable , and i may ... after this explanation , i completely agree with this rant , with one minor difference . people should not always have their hormones taken into account . instinct-driven behavior that causes harm , ... that depends on the definition of selfish . there is a scale and at one end is selfish and the other generous . some types believe that if a person is not well into the generous side , they are by ... it is very funny that we are as impossible to read with the mask as without . in fact , people do better with a mask , because the only way they know how to read someone is by calculating the mask in , ... sanskrit , are you sure you are not just referring to intj enneagram 5s ? as a one i am understandable and readable to my close friends and would never show them a mask . infps are capable of reading ... crono , i have never taken logic and have never done a logic problem . people don't need formal education to understand this . it is the basics of human communication . you have a disagreement with ... first i want to say that i appreciate and understand what muchaparadox said . and loyalgirl , i suppose what disturbed me was not the idea of you doing these terrible things , but that feelers could ... of course there are exceptions in the f world . and if you say you are one , loyalgirl , i will take your word for it . the only reason i have thought that f's stood for bonding , caring and putting ... actually , i was trying to be diplomatic in my choice of words . i know very well how f's use manipulation , back-stabbing and the purposeful ripping apart other people's self esteem , and i am well ... this has helped me clarify a whole handful of complaints about intjs . what you are being told is that the construct of your argument is invalid . no one is saying they are right and you are wrong , ... i would take it perhaps one step further . when aelthwyn says , even when they may ' look down on ' our emotional responses , that doesn't mean they don't still value us as a person , i would add that ... i really like how you wrote it , style-wise , and it gave us a good understanding . i can appreciate slight exaggeration for clarity . i get it now . however , the ease at which you talk about ... loyalgirl , really nicely written post and very clear and insightful . but it leaves me confused . you paint the world of a feeler in such combative terms . you say criticism is used for ... and ... teddy : the one thing that i think this thread hasn't addressed much , though , now that i think about it , is ... how does one spot true arrogance ? ... i see the real problem as one of different values . people have different needs in terms of communication . very heavy mental people often like to exercise their minds , and they are really looking ... arrogance in the way it is used here is really a label for something more . it means you are ignoring , or worse , are unaware of the social rule that we do not make others feel uncomfortable by ... i recognize your intentions to be very good . however , if you want those around you to be the best version of themselves , the only healthy way to get these results is to recommend / finance a ... yes , that kind of talk is useless . it is nauseating . i would run far , far away if anyone said any of those quotes to me . they are a hallmark card , a parody . i can easily say , excellent ... the standard method of teaching is not workable . it's reprehensible . if you have to teach concepts , you need to use very , very interesting methods that will at least shock them . use highly ... well , that's pretty hard then . going on dates is hugely important to relationship health , but normal dates would be pretty awful for an intj . usually mental things work better , museums , ... no , it's fine . a lot of intjs do not recognize the power imbalance of an established group versus a newcomer . unfortunately the message being sent ends up being if you can take the hazing at the ... you should be able to keep her out of the enmeshment long distance . basically this would consist of letting her tell you what her mother said / did and reenforcing that your mother is wrong and that ... 40 5 19 9 37 34 0 24 12 i understand the natural love we have for our closest , and also the ability to show that you recognize the things that you don't care about but you know they do , such as getting them a gift that they ... '