' oh man , i guess i gotta knock back that 100 % on mbti . what do you type as ? how far off was the mbti ? i'm not surprised the enneagram test was wrong . it's always wrong for me , in order i think it ... i'm not sure if people already use this test : , but i've found that it is almost 100 % accurate on mbti , for me and other people that i've asked to take it . i was ... this was an interesting enough of a summary of 529 and 539 that i started to question my previous typing of myself . i checked out the 27 archetype descriptions post and the 162 tri types , and i have ... so i'm not a trityper ... i just have devoted more time into wings and instinctual stackings . i was wondering if people do instinctual stackings with tri types . i relate to so / sx probably 594 , but ... hmmm , maybe it is more of a so / sx thing to relate to heart types . so i'm a so / sx 5 , and i have mistyped myself in the past as first a 2w3 , then maybe a year later as a 4w3 , then maybe another year til so / sx 5w4 made the most sense to me . if one were to group by ... i'd be interested to see an attempt of 108 . i think the description would be very refined and more specific , although probably more subjective . but maybe writing 12 descriptions for each type ... i want a book with 108 descriptions 6 stackings x 2 wings x 9 types . the way i look at it , if a book like that isn't out yet , then more need to be made until someone makes that one . i figure ... [ / quote ] here , i didn't use the exact same language as before , but i was 100 % properly descriptive . context is extremely important when reading someone's post . in this quote , i'm talking ... yeah , i was not necessarily advocating for the counters to be the same as types , just that the experience of one instinct can disagree with core values in those groupings . tyvm i've ... has anyone considered that the instinct which causes the counter type actually says a lot about the motivation of each type ? sp counters : 2 , 3 , 4 this one is already the heart group , but , instead ... i guess i was trying to separate sx and so , as sx is much more ok with non-conforming and isn't necessarily group oriented . maybe i can explain so through myself . as a so 5 , i want to indulge in ... yeah you're kinda confirming what my point was . if you identify with feeler , you'll tend towards sx . if you're a blank slate , then you'll take the instinct at face value and not impose other ideas . cause i thought you'd be an f if you were initially leaning towards sx . that does strike me as absurd since the first doesn't imply the second . i'm not sure where your leap in logic comes from . maybe reread what i've said . i was saying that devoting your life to ... i think what happened here is that you knew you were a 1 first . knowing the type definitely makes the instincts more difficult to pin down . what do you think may have initially clouded your ... yeah when you take it out of context like that you can really lose focus of my point . the point is that a so 4 is doing things for the group that they identify with . i was trying to say that he ... what star tripper is trying to say , perhaps , is that social instinct doesn't mean blind conformity to it , but more a desire to find the ideal society that cares about and accomodates the relevant ... my last paragraph was not making that claim . i come from a firm position that 1 ) other people don't determine your instinct and 2 ) the instinct relates to how you interact with people , and the focus ... yeah so when you look at one type specifically there are definitely nuances . like my example in the original post about the sp 6 . i can explain the so 4 through my lens . the so 4 has a sense of ... sp : making sure your needs or wants are met first before anyone else's . not saying selfish , but i'm also not saying compeltely selfless . sx : wanting to make connections with people , opening up to ... nice quote . i'm sorry you can't think of a real argument and throw whatever i say back at me . you have now gone from nuh uh to i know you are , but what am i ? here is an example of what it means to reasonably order an argument . notice the language , first think of x , then think of y . i challenge you to quote yourself organizing your argument . but that ... really though , actually try to organize and argument and list out your reasons step by step . maybe you'll make a good counterpoint and i'll say you're right . but that hasn't happened yet . lol you actually ignored everything that i just said . that's fine . it was for your education , so it really only hurts you . i was saying pm me because you're just going around in circles and using ... whenever i'm trying to type someone , i've found that the best approach is to explain the instincts and ask for the person to order them based on preference . afterwards i crosscheck the motivations of ... yeah , and i'm saying people with certain instincts tend to different manifestations of fear . it seems like you're saying people don't have tendencies . people don't just choose the best expression for ... sorry , this was a bit unclear in post . i didn't mean to imply that sp or sx 9 ' s won't rise to the occasion . but they definitely won't go out of their way to find a group to associate with out of ... it is reframing . you have no explanation . you're just saying you can look at it that way if you want . taking a different approach is something like applying a different instinct . challenge ... yeah , so i said this person will be indecisive , implying a pull towards acedia . what is counter is the willingness to be involved and decisive when the group needs them to do so . this may be ... that is definitely an interesting way of reframing fear . i wouldn't say that counterphobia is simply the fight response , but a notion of pushing away or challenging people on an interpersonal ... yeah i guess it all depends on what you consider to be the fundamental basics ... there are fundamental basics of stackings as well . there are people who aren't published that believe in them . i ... i personally relate to everything you've said here . it would be great if you could respond to my post on the 5 thread where i'm asking for insight from social 5 ' s . i wonder why people don't believe in counter types , but so many will entertain the idea of a counterphobic 6 . also , some of the people that i'm closed with are 9 ' s , including a sp 9 and a so 9 . ... i'm saying my response from 5 ' s on this website is skepticism and rigidity . any sort of out of the box thinking is quickly ignored or shut down , and trendy content supporting sp 5 traits are ... i get that you're trying to say they are just flat out wrong , but would you be able to elaborate on what specifically does not work ? so glad someone is posting about bc subtypes . i've been trying to relate to the 5 ' s in this community , but it's horribly difficult . most 5 ' s on this website are sp / so 5w6 , or they highly value ... i started out with mbti first and had no idea what the enneagram was . as an enfp , the ne dom backed up with fi pointed straight towards 7 . i realized that my energy was pointed at people , and ... there was a part in the original post saying that these interpretations of the subtypes are different than naranjo and chestnut . i would like some clarification on this point , since they seem to be ... i have had a few disagreements here about the core traits of a 5 . i think the average 5 description is riddled with sp 5 traits , losing sight of anyone who has sp last on their stacking . i relate ... huh for a bit i was beginning to think that people didny believe in stackings on this website . thanks for proving me wrong . i enjoyed how you compared and contrasted sx and so , which is usually ... '