' i love my work simply because i drive my hole work place ( really going to start negotiating my salary now btw ! ) . anyway i get to change almost anything i want , what i propose gets done and i guess ... crazy ? always had top grades and lots of extra credits through . .. and for some reason i was always very popular with both genders without trying . lots and lots of friends , making my friends new ... ok , the intj can wear the darth vader suit then ... i would like some more enfp in my life for sure ! but where are they ? and : - serious fun could include everything from towns square waterfights , experimenting with food , building gadgets , ... well hopefully he'll remain an awesome person who remembers how to have fun then ;) ;) intj are invited as long as they play nice ... coming this weekend ! ;) hm ... i think you are confusing us with the more passive aggressive intps ? i think we are more like dancing , possibly in our underwear - and building human pyramids ! epic . your results : narcissism 83 % 60 % damn editor ... oh , well i obviously put the serious in there so i could have some entjs and intjs too ! entj in oslo ? if any of you fellow entps live nearby i would sure like to meet up for some serious fun ! let me know : kitteh : it rocks - except for when it doesn't . i won't point out the upsides of ne as they are obvious . on the downside however ne can really mess with your reactive mind , emotions , lust and self ... i'm not sure how i differ from dom ni users but i score very high on the ni to . for example i use it while learning languages ( learning vietnamese now as my 7th language that i've taken courses in ) ... i invent and innovate systems for making thing work , and work more effective all the time . i'm not in it to get credit or power , i just need to optimise everything that concerns me as much as ... i'm not sure how i get all that attention from all those hot hot boys and girls - but i do ... it's weird considering i don't even think that highly of myself . i guess i just don't care too much and ... hm ... i could have me some infp right now provided he / she was a very sexual creature as opposed to the intp . it's good to base a relationship on friendship - but essentially a relationship based on ... when you've gotten over yourself those feeling judgements just don't feel as important i guess not caring about aquiring a certain status , simply being independent , is pretty intimidating to most people . sometimes i think that if i where a man : omg . the girls would be like they get when i'm out in a club like around the clock . and i wouldn't be able to help myself flirting . that being said i would ... do you really need or even want people like that in your life ? stop wasting another minute of energy on them and cut them loose . i bet you actually feel worse about getting manipulated than about ... pansexual 2 . got intp though - i guess mostly i'm into non stereotypical but not > claiming to be sooo different < weird .. . ok , i'm obviously not counting steven king movies to this category ... no . splatter only , 1 . color of the heart chakra : green / pink 2 . prism 3 . neon lazers why ? cuz i'm a god damn hippie . brilliant . when i was about 6 years old i used to go home to my boyfriend for 4 hours every day to play with he-man stuff . naturally he got to be he-man as i was the one and only skeletor . ( ha ha ha ha evil ... i live my life as a brainiac / imaginariac always craving more and more mindblowing ! i think lemon sounds very pink . like nice , soft and round - like a peach . that should have been a lemon . a weird fact : studying for a taxation law exam that i had failed before ( therefore making me stressed pushing myself ) the number 7 that has always been brown also appeared in very dark blue at the ... entp and intp seem to be the love cripples of this world . thankfully they get each other . or at least regarding that matter ... then the intp grey-a surfaces and the entp just stands there stunned , ... i just wrote this in another thread that linked to this one so i will simply repost it here ... i'm an entp and sometimes my synaesthesia really messes me up ... like numbers or letters having the ... i'm an entp and sometimes my synaesthesia really messes me up ... like numbers or letters having the wrong color . i see it says 3 in blue on paper but my mind still sees a 5 and gets all mixed up ... i could justify sex on any occasion . first of all it supersedes any other bodily need / sensation . if i'm tired / sleeping and sex comes up i'm wide into action in no time . i've always had a hard time ... i agree with that one noncommittal emotions and confessions thread and all ... i have overcome my non comittal issues and what is my grand prize ? my soulmate intp is realising he is asexual . i ... never being satisfied or just settling for what i've got or created . always one foot stepping away towards the next better thing . also i'm seldom happy other than in my mind / imagination / in the ... to my 19 year old self kissing the prince who ( he sort of still looks like one ... ): get that intp now ! don't wait the next 10 years - most of the other ones will only make you a bigger pessimist ... i can certainly relate to this . it has happened to me exactly once and that was probably even worse . that time someone betrayed me that was not only a friend who had told me i could trust him , but ... > intelligent people < , anti-gravity transportation , eco-housing , a green economy based on services , and oh ... vines for swinging . more florescent stuff above ground would be cool too . like neon ... i love it ! beautiful . hm , i'm just turning 30 and lokking back i realize i would never have told it so bluntly back then but : i've always had a really bad situation at home meaning i was always depressed and very ... i think you have to clearly define the purpose ans scope of you project as narrow as possible , and then let go of it when it has reached the stage where it fulfills that purpose . i do this at work ... if you didn't push boundaries how could any person turn out interesting ? ? for sure this is also my entp's experience . i'd say most people meeting me in a work-environment ( except for when i'm recruiting new personell ) would take me for a hard core intj . if they got ... [ quote = extraverted delusion ; 2815766 ] was the only post in the vincinity to techno in this entire post . whuut ? but ok , i also amazingly lazy these days and mostly confine myself to enjoy the rides ... master in law and a bachelor in languages / humanities . i guess if i was motivated enough to just take the d-course and write another paper , i'd have a double master in weeks . but it's basically just ... speaking from experiance : imagine bringing out the best and the worst out of each other . i think we do better balanced and complimented by those who speak nt-brainwave but provide strenght where we ... that video was the awesomest thing i've seen all week . whoop whoop also funk rocks . this is me to a tee . if i think you're an idiot , annoying and if at work you will always get my proffessional poker face . i will never tell you anything f but keep strictly business demanding you ... '