' great explanation ! i am in the same boat as anonymous disaster . confused whether i am infp or infj … i am pretty organized with my thoughts like 70 % of the time . i make lists to ensure i do stuff and etc but i do it ... yeah i wouldn't be surprised if this is something that is only easy to a well rounded or experienced feeling oriented person . you have to be very in control of yourself to that i imagine . i have a ... yes . i do it all the time . i especially skip them and then revisit them later when it is more convenient . although i am not sure if i am an infp or infj . oh i didn't realize i said that twice effy stonem of skins effy stonem of skins saw some people talking about tempers . i have a temper too lol but no one would ever know . i think it's important to keep my composure and i can lose control quickly if i get mad ( that makes me sound ... well put . i agree . honestly i think some people on the internet take this typing thing and turn it into a cult with a social ladder . it's kinda funny . the purpose of this ( imo ) is to categorize how ... from kurt's journal . i like punk rock . i like girls with weird eyes . i like drugs . i like passion . i like things that are built well . i like innocence . i like and am grateful to not have to work ... i'm just curious , how do you know this ? every where i have looked says they were infp . which makes me happy because i am a musician and a writer and an infp lol . but i just read some where one of the ... you are so cute ! ! ! this is so interesting to me ! ! i don't know why . i also really like zebra cakes lol . but i hardly ever eat them . i never eat butter , always substitute coconut butter and honestly i couldn't tell you ... i don't mean your favorite food i mean what food you snack on or eat the most . it's weird but it's a conversation starter and i think it will be funny . i'll start . it pretty much is a cycle of ... i went to tennessee recently . here's some fun pics :) ( most are from graceland - - elvis's house ) the last one is a pic of the ipad virtual tour thing that was handed out . john stamos was the tour ... can someone tell me how to delete posts sry but you are grossing me out now . i don't know who katfeatherfoot is either . yes i do paint . i will break it down for you since you seem to be over analyzing and misinterpreting my comments . i posted a picture of myself because this thread ( for crying out loud ) is called ... you are beautiful ! no need to be insecure . by the you mean it's easier to connect with animals than humans ? if that's what you meant , then yes . less pressure with animals and they love unconditionally . god bless you for this . you do you , you're beautiful . also you're not alone in being harassed by this troll , i think he's been trying to get a rise out of me too ( hasn't been very successful as i ... there's an inch of elitism in that photo , maybe you're trying to look like an achieved spiritual person ? 4 = spiritual 3 = achieved . look it up . you remind me of an infp girl on youtube , who ... yep . yep , yep , yep . that said , if sparks were flying and something ended up happening , i might go meh , screw this , we'll figure out the details as we go along anyway . [ / quote ] if i may tag ... aww thank u ! ! hmmm . i feel you . cuddling is strictly platonic to me . i cuddle with my dog and i would cuddle with strangers if i knew that i wouldn't be in danger of them taking advantage of me or catching ... yay ! ! ! you're awesome n look cuddly . also i don't know what 3w4 means .. are you talking about enneagram ? i got mostly 4 but i never did much research and the thing confused me . neokortex long after . that pic is me basking in the glory of leaving superficial thoughts in the dust . and enjoying egg nog although it was far too warm to be december that day . i write as well ! songs and poems , sometimes other stuff . i'm glad you asked this question . i find that entps and infps make pretty good complementary personalities . different in many ways , but ... me me me me me . constantly go through that . i didn't care about grades very much when i was younger . i made an f and didn't even know about it til years later when i was bored and going through old ... 454298 i think i look pretty cuddly . it has taken me so long to love my appearance but here i am ! i love myself . not afraid to show it . there is a difference between conceit and confidence . adorable tame impala - currents do your ears a favor and give it a listen interesting ! thank you for the response , i am quite curious . he has similar interests in common with you and i can imagine thats why he keeps few people close maybe ? ? he told me he liked talking to ... yes :) and thank you , my producer is amazing . i love brown eyes . warmness and gentleness emanates from brown eyes . there is something humble and loving about them . love your eyes . they are yours after all , designed especially for you ! but if ... also , i fear i really sound like a hippie dippie infp most of the time with my raging positivity but i can't help it and deep down i don't want to change it lol . i love this ! love the uniqueness in your answer . yes , the purpose of life is to experience it ( or at least thats what it is to me ) . to grow , to learn , to help others to grow and learn . to smile . to ... hmm interesting stuff . i definitely agree that i think its fun to ponder , but deep down i don't truly care to know the answer . i love the mystery of life , its 80 % of the fun to me ! although when ... interesting . i come at it from a totally different angle . i think everyone gets more interesting as you get to know them . or their own bias ... but the one stereotype i disliek the most is ' ' infps have no backbone , spine and are pushovers ' ' . this one simply makes no sense and lacks relation to the context . if ... ahhh thank u . i am always a bit nervous when showing my music to people at first , no matter how many times i sing live or play it for them . but i am so happy you liked it that means a lot to me ! ... what do your earrings say ? ___ also , anyone have a graphics tablet ? what kind do you use ? [ / quote ] they say karma's a bitch lmao not an intp , but i sure admire you guys . i don't know much about types but this is one type that piques my curiosity . keep being yourselves . i like it . it's the intense empathy we feel for all beings.it carries over to even the smallest creatures . i want to take all the little animals and insects in this world under my wing - - even the ones i know ... very interesting . i do the business suit thing to . i used to say i was an extraverted introvert meaning an introvert who has developed her people skills . i can introduce myself to people just fine ... you've just reminded me how much i need to get my friends together to play cards against humanity ! ! and cook . thank u ! i understand . they are fun to read ! the internet is a great place to ease your way out of your shell because it takes some pressure off of in person contact due to its lack of immediacy . although i ... i am thinking about how i love this site although it is not very user friendly for the technology idiot like me . i keep fucking my responses up and i don't know how to delete things and i am not ... aw . i feel that way a lot . i do this thing where if my friends are sick i make them care packages and i never expect one in return but as you can imagine i dream of a world where everyone showed ... '