' her parents are kind of the go to college = good job people , and they want her to have a stable career . she on the other hand , wants to travel , perhaps teach english in foreign lands ( especially in ... i have a friend who is going through this crisis . she is about to graduate high school , and has absolutely know idea what to do with her life . she doesn't have anything she's really passionate ... i recently met a few waitresses at one restaurant in my town who served for a living . i know that on paper , waiters and bartenders make less than minimum wage because they receive tips , but ix92m ... yes . i had one relatively close female friend that was an istp . i have three main guy friends : who are an intj , intp , and an es f / t j . i have done this . i was very ashamed of my sat scores : m : 610 cr : 680 w : 700 how do rationals deal with jobs that require major use of the sensing function ? i've met an entp hairdresser and an intj electrician , and while i don't doubt that they can do their jobs , isn't it ... in my area [ ny metro ] it does seem like the jobs where a communications / journalism / english degree is needed are plentiful . you have a point about advertising , even though that could fall under ... an inquisitive question . i'm not knocking the major or anything , but looking at colleges , itx 92s apparently among the top 10 most popular majors . if itx 92s one of the most popular majors , wouldn't that ... great . i read this description and it fits me more than entj . i'm all perplexed now . you are facing a desert . in this desert there is a cube . what is the size of this cube ? not very big at all . a little larger than my hands . i'm bad at dimensions , but i'd say about 10 x 10 x ... when things that are clearly evident to you are not as readily evident to the sensors you're with . i was in fairway with my sister , and she was complaining about the prices and why everything in ... i could fill out at least 20 of these because i have various dream lives in my head : one scenario though : where would you live ? london , england what would you live in ? one of my good friends is an istp , and she can be quite competitive when she wants to be . i find her competitiveness to be a sort of passive-aggressive kind . it's odd , and can be annoying . i've ... when someone says something or asks you a simple question , you go off on a tangent about the connotations of the words used in said question and how perhaps the connotations do not relate to your ... one of my favorite poems is ithaka by c . p . cavafy : as you set out for ithakahope the voyage is a long one , full of adventure , full of discovery . laistrygonians and cyclops , angry poseidon — don ’ t ... noble - 5 socratic - 2 reflective - 1 i live in a family of sensors , and i'm closest with my isfj sister . she can be so infuriating sometimes though ! definitely over-sensitive and irrational . i wonder if it's common for isfjs to think ... when you are merely explain something ( either through text or verbally ) and people think you are ranting . i hate not being in control of my own body . that's what scares me the most about being sedated . that , and the fact that i keep researching deaths related to wisdom teeth extractions . you mean ... well it's official . the wisdom teeth are getting pulled on may 31 . i am having an uncharacteristic freak-out and i have been researching deaths related to wisdom teeth extractions . how am i being ... out of the four batman has been my favorite , but i think the lanterns ' are slowly luring me away from bruce with their lights and symbolism . antonín dvořák , who has been inexplicably excluded from this list . how do you all go about your writing ? as in writing assignments , research papers , short stories , etc . do you plan it out and have an outline ? do you gather your information and then just jump into ... i want to lose weight , yet i don't think wisdom teeth extractions are the proper way to go about that . but if it helps ... are you having pain ? i am having slight pain . when it gets unbearable and ... ahh coffee . the liquid of spirit . i am having irrational fears about getting my wisdom teeth extracted . : unsure : abstract tan , logical tan , green wtf is with teachers not giving constructive criticism if you get an a ? i got a 100 on an english paper i wrote , and all the teacher said was excellent job on the paper . even if you got a perfect ... took a 5 - hr pre-licensing class last night ; realized just how much i didn't know . i hate driving . it's the only area of my life in which i feel completely incompetent . any tips ? it's hard to type someone who lived so long ago . we can only go by his accomplishments ; we don't know much about his personality . he's one of my heroes though . for a project i designed a memorial ... also when i'm texting someone i like , i tend to be very witty . 69296 public transportation is convenient and allows for liberty for adolescents , the elderly , and people who cannot drive for whatever reasons . part of an english project . will be edited of course . i'm with the others . when someone asks me what i'm doing tomorrow or saturday , i always ask why ? after the answer . i guess because of that , i never get the barrage of questions the op gets . it pretty much gets it right . i am definitely not outdoorsy , and i get as much fun out of planning the vacation as i do from the actual vacation . i think it has something to do with nt love of ... s / r loei i'm most witty when i'm with guys and / or i'm relaxed . batman is definitely my favorite superhero . green lantern is a close second . : shocked : i tend to procrastinate activities that i must do right now because i am too busy ( and i prefer ) to think about / planning about the future . then i get so excited about my future that the present seems ... to verbalize affection , i may start giving these cards out : when you just know the mbti enough that you could take the test and get any result you wished . when i first took it , i did not do that . promise . isn't it crazy how people who have their glasses on freak out about losing their glasses ? if they thought they weren't wearing their glasses , then they need new glasses ! : confused : my sister is going to college seven years after graduating high school . first , her major was linguistics with a minor in spanish studies . i was confident that she would be successful because she's ... when i'm debating or arguing , i think people mistake my passion for the subject as anger . i hate when people don't hear me out , or cut me off ( though i may do that to do them ); then i get frustrated ... it was exactly as i pictured it , the future vastly in front of me , the present was me , and the past was immediately behind me . i didn't have a long band into the past . i'm an entj ( or an intj ; ... i took both those test . for the cognitive function test , my results were : your cognitive functions : extroverted thinking ( te ) | | 9.47 introverted intuition ( ni ) ... hello [ potentially ] fellow entjs , i had posted a thread a while back ( not in this sub-forum ) about how my te overpowered my ni . i have consistently tested intj , and i have no doubts about my ... ross : infj chandler : intp joey : esfp monica : estj phoebe : enfp rachel ( the hardest to type ): esfj the ocean is an enormous expanse of raging waters . it makes up 70 % of the planet . it's dark and deep and we know more about the moon , thousands of miles away , than we do about the bottom of the ... i've never met an esfj that i didn't want to hurt '