' as an enfj , how ambitious are you ? i am fairly ambitious . i have two undergrad degrees ; sociology / religious studies & in education in esl / secondary education . i left about a 3 year gap between both ... welcome ! i find that writing my thoughts in free-flow about the situation helps me cope with separating my feelings with the other person . i also remind myself that i will not allow another ... healthy ways - workout regularly , yoga , talk to my boyfriend / friends . maintain a regular sleep schedule . unhealthy - chocolate . more chocolate . sometimes other unhealthy foods :/ it is going excellent ! are relationship is building an amazing foundation . we love to express our feelings for each other through poetry ( my preference ) , through drawings & art ( his preference ) . we ... hey infps - barely post anymore . i just wanted to share that i met my infp boyfriend on feb . 4th of this year . we met through a dating app . we have never been more in love - we've both described our ... it's been six dates and i found myself an infp [ he took the test ... and yes , he is an infp ] . the connection is just so amazing and intense right now , it even scares me . he told me he has never ... i am curious what you'd like . yeah , we enfjs are unique . wonder if this has to do with enneagram / love styles . i don't have a ton of info . as i have not met this guy in person & only chatted with him yesterday for the first time online . here's what i do know : - according to his profile he is looking for ... here are some signs : - they tend to talk faster - they will have a tougher time filling in gaps in the conversation - sometimes they won't initiate the interaction , get a bit more shy or wait till ... dislike my infp best-friend's sister . we only just met this month . i don't know i felt strangely upset about why i don't like her sister and guilty . the girl is so self-absorbed & does things that ... yeah . i hear you there . you just never know that you will fall in love with someone . it does come out of nowhere . well put . i am borrowing this one in the future . here are some ideas : - anything handwritten or created by hand ( so original ) this can range from poetry , a cleverly created time line of your relationship with photos ( in form of a youtube clip too ) ... i totally relate to what you said there . yes , i am with you . i find it very hard to fall in love . some people have been known to mistake my friendly , extrovert behaviour as some kind of romantic interest . must be going out of style to take ... thanks for the reply . i agree with what you've said . i would actually like to dump and bail-out on her at this point . that is what she said . however , her friend reporting me to hr would not have any affect on me . i don't work there . i am simply an individual who applied for a grant ( which is govt money ) . this money ... thank you . sane advice . hey , i am working with infp on a community project . without going into too many details , a number of people have dropped the ball on her including the illustrator who was working with her [ an intp ] ... so good . james is also a youth worker / musician ... the non-lyrical version of the song is amazing .. any how .. f3 throwback to 1995 . reminds me of the barista at my local starbucks . still checking if he is going to do some more rad art work and what's next in his life . lol bono is rumoured to be an enfj as well :) yeah , that's the correct way to put . i felt my post was rather unbalanced . the one male enfp i know is an excellent photographer & very reliable when it comes to delievering his work . i think it was ... yes , that's what i was conveying . glad it made sense :) really : tongue : i think about the 2 enfp friends i have ( well one isn't a friend anymore by virtue of the total lack of effort she puts in our friendship ) . they amass so many friends very quickly ... is it me , or do other enfjs have trouble opening up ? i find it takes forever for me to actual talk about myself as a person unless someone asks direct questions - but , who the heck does that ? :P mostly jealous of their social acumen . they walk into a room & trump all the efforts of other people ( namely enfjs ) , through their charisma and larger-than-life personalities . i find they say alot ... i agree with what gilly said - point on . i find that people simply do not directly ask questions about me . i think it is refreshing for enfjs to be able to talk about themselves . we value ... 1 . a big party that will have mostly acquaintances and strangers . there is alcohol , food , and music , but the point is to mainly talk to others . i would likely be tired thinking about this event , ... part in bold - something tells me that you feel disappointed about this or at least confused that he wanted to stay-in-touch , but chooses not to initiate contact . if he isn't choosing to contact you , ... thanks for sharing , gilly . well , i believe in my 30 ' s i started to care less about fitting in and pleasing other people's whims , particularly people who wanted me to change . i also became much ... i didn't read the link yet . i had a best friend that is a estj . very controlling and unable to accept new ways of doing things . it was her way or the highway . i also felt she cared too much about ... thanks for the reply . i like how you helped me work that out , enfj brother . have you tried an i feel statement ? basically , you would explain how you feel without implicating him . so , you could say something like , i feel ___ ( frustrated , rejected , shut down ... norina , yes , good observation . there were other reasons he didn't want to share with me ... i often wonder why he would not want to . i typically don't see esfjs as very private people . thanks for ... couldn't agree more with all that is posted here . don't over complicate things . start with fb & then a coffee before moving on to something more . honestly , if she does not want to talk to you she ... yes , during times of frustration i feel the same . before i reach out to someone i ask myself , if they aren't there for me when i need them will i be ok with helping them now ? . this help me put ... question for my enfj brothers and sisters ... how do you get over a breakup especially with someone you still have great memories with and truly loved ? i still my ex esfj boyfriend and it is been ... i would not worry at all . he also told you not to worry - trust him ! the thing is he knows to know she needs to own her feelings and that he isn't responsible for them . it is important that you ... when i look back on when i met the esfj i once dated , he was immediately affectionate with me . reached for my hand , kissed me - very obvious . when we spoke he listened to me intently & asked me some ... <--- new picture of me . by new it is a year old , but i haven't changed in years ... just watched the trailer . i cannot decide from the ity-bity-clip if he's an enfj . looks like an awesome movie ! ! mr selfridge ( my newest love ) fresh prince of bel - air star trek the next generation ( thanks to my infp sister ) breaking bad ( whole season is fantastic ) top chef i don't have a lot of time to ... it's been a while enfjs :) i am curious to know how your views on relationships ( romantic , familial , friendships , colleagues ) has changed over the course of your life . a broad question that can ... not as popular as enfps though . i find that if their is an enfp in the room they will outshine us . people just gravitate towards them ! i think if we need to take care of the needs of the group , ... it used to bother me in the past , but knowing that i dislike ( not hate , i cannot say i hate anyone ) some people , i am comfortable knowing that others would also dislike me . i used to have a sense of ... great question . - i had a little school on the block . i would make worksheets , buy all kinds of supplies for my stickers , & fix the boo-boos of the little kids . is it surprising that i am a ... normally i do not like beards on men . however , when it comes to mr . selfridge i'd make an exception . it looks really sexy . well groomed and suits him well . my ex also looked very hot with a beard :) ... '