' se / ni fi fi narcissistic hey , can i ask how you came to the conclusion of entp ? i'm just wondering where you saw ti-fe more so than other stacking possibilities . i've seen lots of examples for enneagram 7 or 8 being an isfp thing , but haven't seen anything of those numbers being related back to the infp side of things . if there are any 7w8s , do you know how ... do you play overwatch ? it's a really enjoyable game . a funny and common pattern i've noticed with those that play overwatch is they diss you and you end up going on a full on touch typing fest where ... thats okay , im really just looking at the top 3 not necessarily for their order . what's your fourth type ? if that keeps appearing there , its probably as near to third as any . hi ! so , i've done a thread before asking people of perc of what they thought their top 3 mbti types were . i did this because in my opinion , not everyone has qualities of one type per se , but a ... ha-ha ! unfortunately ? i like the new website better too the only problems i see with it that can irritate me compared to the old one are results from search engine aren't alphabetised but organised ... i would only really do that if this goes on for too long , because i can't do this for like 50 pages , it gets tiring . the last typing thread i did went on for about 15 pages or so i think . i had to ... istj hahaha , thank you . i like your name - it makes me think of it's opposite - evil bitch cupcake . hahaha .. intp btw hahha , i know your type btw , i'm just playing a little game which calculates your type according to my own little criteria . intj enfp infp 10.55 enfj entp infp estp it's really up to people to know themselves . i mean , i wouldn't mind explaining to you why cognitive function typing method seems to work more efficiently from my own understanding ( which i then used ... hahahahah ! oh what , i wanted to like this , but it wouldn't let me . if you named my type , i wouldn't feel offended , i would've laughed . it's funny . typerism does exist though ( like feminism , but for ... the more questions you ask you can get closer to knowing someone's type-i'm guessing that's what those people do those chat things for . the thing is though , it is just a theory . you're not meant to ... hahaha ! what's the worst option ? - infj maybe you are . i don't really know you , but the intj i met only truly validates possibilities which are supported by externalised evidence ... kind of ironic but still . asking whether or not my methods ... if you're looking at it from myers briggs understanding of the individual letters then yes , p and j can be very close . you can have people who are borderline p or j . standing between the definitions ... sorry , updates can make sequential responding hard on this thing . istp you can't really doubt my method if what i'm doing got three of the same letters which you identify as . it could just as easily be four letters which are correct if you were sure of j or p thing for ... infj what type do you think you are ? i'm curious now . i could do that after i abandon the thread ? wait how is that having faith in logic ? also , and this applies to everyone trying this out , this is ... estj what about let sleeping dogs lie though ? hahhaa , honestly , i would give away what i was doing and the logic behind it therefore making my contribution to my thread pointless if i wasn't bored and ... intj infp okay ... i don't see any reason to do that , other than to point out your own knowledge and somehow defeat the point of this thread . not everybody knows about the functions necessarily . i know that a ... hi ! so , i wanted to fully see if my understanding of mbti actually works . i've used my understanding of it to type people i've actually met and usually end up only one letter off . but i've never ... thanks . the old site was better : | if any of you know and use this website , you'll know it's been down these last couple of days . the website completely can't be accessed from any part of it . does anyone know if it's permanently down ... oh i didn't read into the sarcasm in your first post . haha , that can be hard when there's no voice expression to go off . uh , i mean wrong on an intuitive level , you have the feeling that something is ... what would you narrow it down to ? i don't see how any of this is stereotypes , it's too specific and ... - it's friggin true ! ! i can see it pauses , confused , knows the thinking is wrong subconsciously but doesn't know why , thinks about it , tries to locate the reasoning . finds reasoning who does this ? enfps and infps thought process can seem quite similar if you were to just look at it from the cognitive standpoint . one of the most defining qualities from an mbti perspective would be the ... it sounds to me like you've got te , but it seems lower than dom or aux . usually when te is dom or aux , they hunt down reasons to believe in something and make a verdict and then they elaborate based ... provided . hm , well i've talked to some intjs and i can definitely see the way their te shows . let me think of some questions . 1 . do you believe that things are possible if there hasn't been any proof ? for ... crap , its hard because i can't think of an algorithm . but this in itself : ti likes to take apart mechanisms or ways of thinking , whereas te focuses on efficiency and usually on learns with an ... any type can be quick at problem solving . not even necessarily the t functions , also the f functions . i wouldn't condition the two together ( ti and problem solving i mean ) . i think te and ti is more ... are you an nt ? just wondering which one since your profile is still stuck on isfp . a simple question for simple people . i think i chose the right place . no , no i didn't . what do you think about the whole idea around living honestly and the existence of this concept . do you ... for example , if you're trying to describe a celebrity to jog someone's memory and you use the word fat . people react a bit funny . it doesn't even have to be you , it could be someone else . ... '