' i've always felt somewhat lacking in energy , but never to this extent . there's like a fog in my head . i want to do things , but there's like this block and i don't know what it is . it seemed to ... my dreams all seemed to relate to some form of social anxiety or another . dream 1 : abandonment , dream 2 : embarrassment , dream 3 : deceit , dream 4 : inadequacy / guilt , dream 5 : being unsafe - the details ... whoa i just woke up from a lot of dreams , so i'll try to keep them brief : dream 1 : after school ( i'm not in school ) i walk miles to meet my childhood best friend at my dentist's office . she stands ... there's a possibility that you're just overthinking everything , but from what i've read , i have to ask : is your brother a passive aggressive person in general ? passive-aggressive people avoid direct ... i'm starting to wonder if environment / nurturing has a lot to do with attachment to material possessions . perhaps i'd be more attached to things were it not for my constant moving , starting from high ... when i started learning about personality types and taking mbti tests , i wasn't convinced at first whether i'm infp or infj , and one of the articles i was reading said , among other things , infps are ... i confess that i like the show hoarders . one can argue that such shows are exploitative and appeal purely to our schadenfreude . there are several things about it that make me feel uneasy and i'm a ... i had an argument with my husband this morning that got rather heated . i spent the rest of the day alone in the bedroom , like i always do when i'm upset . he normally just leaves me alone until i ... i would actually like to read that book . i haven't read any memoirs in a while , but i went through a phase where i couldn't get enough of them ; it didn't matter if they fictional or non-fictional ... i've always thought these were gorgeous . i listen to them a lot when i'm feeling down and am just so very tired of words . ... the day you wrote that letter 11 long years ago was the day my psyche split you in two : the man i love and the man who abandoned me . i spent all those years secretly speaking to the one i kept in my ... yeah , that totally makes sense , and in the end , that would end up frustrating me too . even after living in this other state for almost three years , i still feel very lonely and isolated by distance ... i'm new , and i've tried to contribute to a couple serious discussions here and there . when i do , i do my best to give a well thought out , sincere response . but i do see myself gravitating towards ... i hate to be crude , but ... sex . tmi , and also to test spoiler tags : my husband went to bed before me . when i finally went to bed , i snuggled in beside him and i thought he was asleep so i ... i love this . and i really need to invest more time into delving into all this mbti stuff , because i've tested multiple times and read through basic descriptions so i'm pretty sure this is where i ... i love this forum so far and it's fun , but sometimes when i read things like this thread it feels like : ... yeah , i already figured as much , and after spending several hours this morning trying to learn about what kind of websites or apps people use to find friends , i'm questioning the whole thing . ... that awkward moment when you're asking an online forum how to better interact with people online . i sporadically join forums like this when i realize i'm burrowing too deep into hermit mode and ... the only dream i remember was being stalked in a clothing store in a huge airport . while i was walking around looking at different racks of clothes , i couldn't help noticing that this couple was ... i confess that i have a big , big problem with reality . i live in a make-believe emotional and philosophical world , and am then surprised when reality doesn't reflect what i want to believe . ... i second the bullshit radar . since we're very in touch with our own emotions and past experiences , it's a very self-referencing takes one to know one / know your enemy sort of thing , and we can ... because it reminds me of home . soon i'll be sixty years old , will i think the world is cold or will i have a lot of children who can warm me ?  ... z for zachariah . simple plot ( perhaps overly simple for some ) but very thought-provoking . nice imagery . the ending is arguably open to interpretation , which drives some people crazy , but i like ... rawfoodist . the great toilet paper debate : over the roll or under ? i carry around a little memo book with me , the kind that's small enough to fit in your pocket . this is the place that i've given myself permission to write down literally anything and everything i ... i know being told you'll find love when you're least looking for it feels like a very unsatisfying answer , but for some people it's true , and i think there's 2 pretty good reasons for it : competition ... the difference between personal progress and growth , and how people don't seem to understand the difference , or overemphasize one over the other . for example : person a does well in school , ... i have to comment on this because it's a good example of what i was talking about with gaslighting . i'm sure many people already know what this is , but if you don't , it's basically a form of ... me too ! i've always had strong urges to tell other people about my dreams , especially if they're particularly lucid or memorable in some way . like , even if they probably don't want to hear it , i have ... speaking of cats , i had a dream recently that i retold to my husband , and it was something like this : i was lost in a huge parking lot , trying to find my car . while i was looking for it , there was ... baristachic - yes , that happens in my dreams all the time ! not only that , but my dreams tend to at some point contain very specific information , like a person's full name and relationship to you ... i'm sorry you were humiliated . notice how i said were humiliated , and not felt humiliated . it's an important difference i think , because some people seem truly incapable of validating someone ... you know how some people say how sometimes when you think you're hungry , you're actually thirsty ? it made me wonder how often i get emotional and blame it on something , when all that's really wrong ... floral . be given $ 50 now , or $ 100 a month from now ? smegma taste is my secret flavor for my soul chili . however , herpes is what gives it that crunch . yesterday tragedy amongst stormtroopers occurred following order ... a writer . a teacher . an artist . a teacher again . a coffee shop owner . a professional white hat hacker . nope to all ! lol . but i do write , make art , volunteer for a teacher , and visit coffee ... off-putting , maybe even creepy at first , trying to hide the fact that deep down they're a big soft teddy bear . entp so one day i was playing cod mw3 , a game i once found questionable but eventually came to find rather fun and addictive , and on this day i met an online player named ollie . we had many differences , ... '