could you just like stop being a prick . for one day . you're too fucking hot and cold . you call me and drunkenly tell me you love me , but you have zero respect for me or my kid - excuse me , our ... annnd i'm the only one in arkansas . i get laughy and silly . also horny . my ex and i were drinking and i had the sudden urge to give him head , like really bad . buuut he'd stepped out and i was basically asleep when he got back . i ... hot chocolate , chocolate mousse , snuggles .. either from a significant other or from a kitty . it's probably not the best thing , but when i'm stressed i down a ton of hot chocolate . target's brand with sea salt caramel is awesome . my normal starbucks order is grande hot chocolate , 3 pumps ... can i have a plane ticket or paid for gas and oil changes and whatnot ? my boyfriend and i exchanged messages for like a month before meeting up , and even then it was probably like 3 weeks before anything was made official . there was no jumping in to anything , and after ... i think they're confusing sex and gender . sex is physical . i have a vagina . i am female . gender is mental . i feel like a girl . i am a girl . sex =/ = gender , though the terms are commonly used ... i have ptsd from child abuse . nope . i'm thankful that i can't remember a lot of it . at home . in bed . with my cat . getting yelled at to give her attention because my god she's needy . i'm the person with a bitchy resting face at the grocery store who looks unapproachable , the one ... ? ha . hahahahahahahahahahaha . ha . haha . no . if i'm up before 9 .. dear god why . i'm barely functional before 10:30 ish . i can has cuddles and snuggles ? seriously . please be physically affectionate with me . please hold me , please play with my hair , please just randomly touch me . my boyfriend has several alarms that ... no . the placenta encapsulation talk on my pregnancy forum grosses me out enough . therapy saved my life . i'm being 100 % serious . my ex dragged me in after he talked me off the ledge . that was in june / july 2011 . i didn't expect to see my 18th birthday ( i'd barely hit my 17th ) and i ... never wanted kids and i lack a maternal instinct . they're loud , obnoxious , demanding in oh so many ways ( financially , emotionally , physically , mentally .. ) , taxing on top of being demanding .. they ... as it was after his station was changed ( military ) , i'm thinking he's just having a mental breakdown . i know he has a history of suicidal thoughts + depression and he mentioned suicide again ... seemingly to anyone who didn't catch us in the middle of it . we did have all five . just because you have them doesn't mean there aren't other issues , or that they aren't overshadowed by the ... break shit . seriously . i was stressed to the point of shaking ( related to the relationship ) , and my best friend just handed me a plate ( currently trying to phase from ceramic to plastic ) and was ... i dated a guy that hit all 5 of those . we were seemingly the perfect couple . he was still an abusive asshole in many ways . go figure . i have one cat who's basically my best friend . she's so great at sensing when i need her adorable snuggles . i love her to bits . my roommate and i are currently doing a trial run with another ( mine ... i grew up in florida . no one parallel parks . it wasn't a requirement to learn . my mother also sucks at it , so no one was able to teach me . i've done it in fucking snow , of all things , but i can't ... i've got a crazy high sex drive , soo ... i could never do casual sex , though . too intimate of something to be done casually . doing it eight times a day , on the other hand .. ( as far as sp's go ... for once , i really just want to be somebody's first choice . seriously , this . you can also dabble in basically anything at all before you settle on something and end up saying fuck it years down the line because you actually didn't like it as much as you ... i've dated two of them . they're kind of assholes . if he didn't like you he wouldn't have those hot moments at all . they bank on logic and reasoning , and they might not think they're being an asshole ... i really love my mom introvert . if my ears could stop feeling like they're filled with daggers , that'd be great . actually , if i could just destress and stop getting sick , that'd be better . you can always adopt , you know . my mother can't have kids and adopted me at 40 leverage ? why the god damned fuck are you being such a mother fucking dickbag about apparently fucking everything . seriously . what the fuck dude . casual dating ? highly unlikely . avoiding dating ? taking time to focus on myself , knowing something's upcoming , like moving ( i hate ldr's , and quite honestly part of me wishes i hadn't begun my ... i grew up in an emotionally abusive household . i remember ( vividly ) calling 911 when my mother's husband tried to strangle her . i remember the weekend she was in bed catatonic , refusing to talk to ... you need professional help . that's probably the only way you'll ever fully heal . they know how to help you sort out your thoughts . this isn't a typology issue . apologizing and making up is just a ... been there , done that , doing it again . a change of pace is always fun / refreshing , and leases only last a year , right ? i'd go . i'm biased , though , so take that with a grain of salt . it's a new adventure . i personally can't stand being cooped up in the same place when i feel like i'm being tied down . i moved away ... why the fuck are you being such a son of a bitch go fuck yourself it's not the gadgets themselves , it's how they're used . i met my best friend through facebook , believe it or not . we've been best friends for six years and seen each other about half a dozen ... i had an experience with a poltergeist in my parent's place . i'm moving in with my best friend in like a month ( ! ! ! ) , i lived with my ex , and i'll hopefully live with my current boyfriend in time ( military , stationed in a different state , not really possible ... characteristics ? the only one i've ever heard applied is spoiled . as another only child , i'm curious . all the time , always with worst case basically impossible scenarios . i blame anxiety . have you ever been in a situation where , for whatever reason , your perception of a possible friend , companion , romantic partner , etc , was completely off ? if so , what happened afterward ? rage ? ... i'm so bored with packing ( moving ) . i've 100 % completed two boxes and started 4 others and i'm already procrastinating like mad .. i don't . it's too much of a mess , i suck at applying it , and it's just blegh . ( i also don't really do anything / go anywhere to warrant it . ) i think some people can do amazing things with it and it's ... i love driving . florida gives you a learner's permit available when you're 15 ( got it on my birthday ) , and your restricted when you pass a test available at 16 ( was out of the country during my ... i suck at advice , but i will say it's not impossible . i've dated two istps , both similar in some respects but worlds different in others . the one thing you need to keep in mind is that we are ... vocaroo | voice message