' i can't really believe these news websites exist ... it is absolutely treasonous of them to feed into the propaganda that these absolute evil people crave . it is beyond words what these depraved ... :p erc 2 : i agree , also the type is irrelevant . love them , wish i could have a few , but they're too expensive and too much responsibility . after this baby kitty , no more . this one , i'm betting , will live to be 30 , just to spite us . haha my eyelids are almost glued together from crying so much . we lost out on a really great place , in the end , it was no fault but our own . we were so happy , we had no hope for finding anything so ... i've got this feeling ~ lala ~ i do not give much thought to choosing usernames . i guess . :) and everything went from wrong to right and the stars came out and filled up the sky the music you were playing really blew my mind it was ... i got way too drunk at a family party , had to be carried out of the party by my fiance and his mother ... then driven home by a chauffeur who i bothered the whole ride home . i fell on my butt more ... hello , anxiety , phew . i have conquered you before , i will conquer you again . only in the real world . isn't it about time ? :P never grow up , kid . when did i become such a ray of sunshine ? lol . i absolutely basked in the chaotic environment of an event my office hosts , i had so . much . fun . i got to talk to so many people , learn so much ... agree 100 % , i've personally been using moisturizers on my skin with even a bit of spf in them since i was in 6th grade ( i used my mum's , hee ) , i am almost 25 and people still tell me they think i am ... i wouldn't say i'm offended ... maybe a little hurt , but then i just think about all of the people who are so nice to me everyday , and all my friends , family , fiance ... and i don't feel too bad . just ... my biggest urge in the morning , after i've put my mascara and blush on , done my hair , put on my nice dress and heals , and walked outside , is to just bolt ! i'm standing next to the passenger door of ... just moisturizer and suncreen ! sunscreen is the most important to keeping wrinkles at bay ! i guess moisturizer just makes you look glowy ? ^ _ ^ ; thank you . :') brrr , i can drive well , but the test to get my license gave me such horrible anxiety , i failed almost immediately , haha . i haven't tried since ... i've driven a lot as practice though , i think i ... i was feeling kind of pretty today . snapped a selfie before i fell asleep in my car on my lunch break . c : so i need to break up with someone . with a lot of people . is tomorrow the day ? where do i draw the strength ? is tomorrow the day ? or do i just keep prolonging it ? this isn't forever , and i need ... i can never have this job as a permanent employee , so why do i keep getting sucked in ? this is a toxic relationship , i need someone to break my heart , or i will just keep coming back for more . it ... just feeling really crummy the past week . weekend was mediocre , had mile nausea on monday so called in sick because i did not want to be pukey at work . tuesday , woke up feeling fine , got ready and ... it's genetics , and skincare :) exposure to sun makes you look older , sunburns really age your skin . but some people just naturally have more mature features no doubt about it . but i think skin ... i am sad , and so happy at the same time . today there was a silly little party for the department i work for , i am just a temp . to be honest , i would rather not spend my lunch break in a room full ... not my fault aftershock , the chinese movie . made me cry so much ! i need to talk to people less , and talk to myself more . genuine , hard working , always pushing myself to be better anddd i took on another ridiculously involved assignment . people in my position are supposed to work for maybe a week in once place tops , somehow i get dragged into month long assignments . now i ... it just sounds like you are talking about office dynamics to me ... supervisors are required tell you when you screw up and how to fix it . but supervisors who make six figures a year are usually the ... waiting on the end of the platform ~  horseraddish and cheddar potato chips ... i do not know what i was expecting . kitten ! <3 road trip sleepy face ~ hmm , i hit rock bottom ... i cannot remember how long ago , i think it was this past spring , or winter . the weather was still nice and cool , perhaps even cold . i remember laying in bed wrapped in my ... good luck if you live in ny , lol . unless you know someone you're probably not gunna get hired ! i wish i could tell everyone in my area that . omg stress at work is up 100 % . as more and more people are finding out they haven't been hired for the summer , more and more people are calling asking why they didn't get a job , or why their ... i really can't believe how much the people at my job like me . i am just a temp , i don't really know who is who , nor do i really buy into the whole hierarchy of the office . apparently , i worked ... i am feeling depressed , for the first time ever ? i have never felt like i could not get out of bed before , but lately it's been too hard . by the time i wake up , i would rather just fall back ... cherry blossoms ~ ! is this my life ? seriously ? i'm such a ... i'm just speechless . is this the person i've become ? i'm laughing at myself . is this my fucking life ? really ? lala . get your shit together , good god ... acquired more cute dresses ! yayyy ! i hate myself . allowing myself to cry , for awhile tonight . april ... you died today . i celebrated my love 12 days ago , my birth in another 14 . and today is the the day you died . the skies weep here , anyway . my ... '