 ... x2 vangelis probably jung just take my shirt off ;) i would make it so i could instill humbleness and wisdom in others . that way i could continueisly gain insight and relate on a much deeper level . strong wind .. come to think of it heck ya ! i really like thunder storms . they make me feel absolutely electrified . nature , music .. come to think of it making love on a beach listening to some good music would work . ya you can really tell that she's a great girl . she's such a fun person to talk to because she wears her heart on her sleeve . gotta like her for being who she is which is a down to earth , real type ... i didn't say all fe users are attention seeking whores . what i said is they seek validation through meeting other people's needs . they love to be seen as the hero and i think they're are amongst some ... great post .. no shit tho your post has quite a bit of content so it's hard for me to get a general sense of what it is excatly your trying to convey . however , i do understand the role of te and in my collective experience ... yup totally true . i would agree with this statement . i dedicate to you mazy star ' fade into you ' ;) man i love southern cali oh shoot man dive right in . a guy with your taste is ready for the vinal experience . ya for sure man . i hope i get to that point where i can say you know what ' no regrets ' . i'm going to ponder this for abit because i think you almost need to get to that point in order to move ... ya i can really relate to this . these are the insidious effects of loneliness . as intraverted and idealistic as we are it's so important to remember that it is proven the human beings are intrinsicly ... well it seems like you have really good insight which i personaly feel is the key to growth . i can really relate to what your saying , especially about how things are so trivial in the end . damn it's ... thanks for your words of incourgment man . hindsight has definitely redifined the person i am today . hey thanks for your response bro . i don't mean to sound like a downer it's just that i'm at a reflective age i guess you could say and i look back on some of the opertunities i passed up and i'm ... you know what , i may not know what your going through but i'm listening and i just wanted to say that i hope that you meet some people as awesome as yourself . this life .. this world is so backwords ... you guys are not that differnt socially in a lot of ways . imho , intps and infps look quite simular when it comes to social interaction . we both like to speak our minds but we wonder if thw words we ... sometimes i wish that i would've been a better guy to some of the girls i've met in my life . i don't know about you guys but this being lonely shit sucks . i mean it's nice to have alone time but i'm ... i think if you were to ask any girl that i've dated they would probably confirm this . i like to be playful and laugh together over really silly things . without romance a relationship would be prety ... thank you , it takes a ton of hard work . some days it's hard and i really have to push myself . if your looking to gain some size i would suggest finding out what your maintenance calories are and bump ... haha thanks training i'm an infp and i'm starting to get the feeling most enfps are into music more . although this isn't the case for me as i'm am absolute music fanatic .. i do notice a lot of other infps arnt as ... because enfps think on a much higher level . enfps think with imagry and can see things that are so complex that it's almost impossible to remember it all to explain . i'm giving everyone here a big hug . enfps make the world a better place and i wish i had more of them in my life . this can be a tough question to answer because i personaly tend to be really standoffish until i get to know the girl . sometimes the best solution is just to pop the question . wow valantines day is coming up and this going to be my second consecutive year without a girl on my arm :( i would love to have a girlfriend right now . mmmm cookies lonesome , lonely and loneliness . see that guy in my picture that's me right now . nice here's a few pictures of the l50s that i own . i have to say that i've heard a ton of reference monitors as i took audio engineering in collage and these speakers have some of the cleanest , most well ... nice brother , i'm also a huge floyd fan . the wall is actually my favourite album of all time but dark is so awesome as well . nice you sound like you have some good gear as well . i like the sound of titanium tweeters and i know the 2800 have them . a decent little set up for sure :) very nice gear yippy . i really like the reciever . that thing probably has some real nice internals . thanks for uploading those awesome pictures ! yes yes .. bring it on guys . i think i just found my new best friend on this forum . what kind of reciever and monitors do you own ? definiltly have their own sound . i'm posting this thread because i was thinking about what i do with my free time . i was just thinking about how much time i spend listening to music . i'm such a music fanatic . i just bought my very ... really because by your picture you quite pensive . hahaha .. ya i know i kill myself too . fear and loathing in las vegas .. surely is an amazing film double post deleted . hahaha your awesome ! ya hell ya .. sometimes i really do lol haha this is a great thread . thats just you my lady having a unique moment . i get such strong visuals sometimes that is literally blows my mind . i cherish ... first off i just have to say that i'm really feeling your response . i always wonder if people really secretly find me annoying . i think thete would be a common consensus amoung fi / ti doms about this ... not excatly .. this world is chalk full of judgment .