one more video this is ' ' white privilege ' ' my opinions are not only treated as less than ' ' victims ' ' but are considered violence and ... so basically even if we managed to somehow go as fast as light , we would never be able to catch up to the speed ... a ted talk about placebos and nocebos the man who can control his immune system and body temperature is now teaching other ... maybe 1 day everyone will be able to control their immune systems and it will be a course in schools it's painfully apparent that we were born in the wrong era - kariya kagetoki if you want more prime examples of feelings > facts yale wants to abolish shakespeare because he is a white male ... religion and ethics don't corelate so of course we will find muslims from both sides that being said , the quran is full of awful advice that ... this one is kind of frustrating , but we go to work to get money for a house that we are never in because we are at work most of the time and a car that we mostly use to go to work i am a white straight pro life pro gun skinny capitalist christian male not only does this make me hated by loads of sjws , no one is going to come to my aid if i complain that ' ' i am a victim ' ' ... facebook kills ai that invented its own language because english was slow | pc gamer facebook researchers shut down artificial intelligence that created it ’ s own language – collective ... milk from our own species is taboo , but milk from other species is a-ok a big reason children are born are because their parents are selfish and want their lives to have meaning , disregarding the fact that putting a life into this world can really screw up a person ... the dumbing down of our language , with words like bae and fam and yas a rumor  isn't psychology a pseudoscience ruined by bias and defended by argumentum ad populum ? something can be a labeled a mental disorder one day and not the next freud was absolutely insane ... you would be a lot happier , but you also would be someone else just curious what everyone thinks donald trumps type is this whole playlist or anything made by the composer for nier games i want to change the world but i also am disgusted by the world and don't want to leave my room my infp wife is addicted to sims but the only one i can seem to get into is the medieval one but i feel like it needs a tinge more action to be exciting , kind of like how stardew valley is ... some steampunk apocalyptic world like nier automata is shaping up to be or steampunk medieval like the new granblue fantasy anime that just came out or both at once because that is the class we chose when we were playing mmorpgs to escape our reality i am a canadian moving into usa in 2 days to live with my wife and i am happy trump won finally some hope , trudope over here is killing our economy and ruining both of my families lives trump ... to me , there is only 2 paths either the universe was intelligently designed and we have had our purpose given to us by the designer and will eternally live on after we die with said designer ... steampunk  a new one just came out 5 min ago the more you learn about hillary the worse you fear for usa's future can't fake it coming out of their own mouths   battlepus assets - album on imgur my 3d game art that counts right ? and people are getting really tired of the media bias its gotten so bad that now a troll meme from 2005 is next to the swastika in nazi symbols because hillary said so and because trump was ... trump is the thoughtless obvious psychopath / sociopath and hillary is the behind the scenes control the media type of psychopath / sociopath trump was a democrat who turned republican hillary was a ... calvin and hobbes i dont like to read books , but i read subtitles to anime , read dialog on mmorpgs and other rpg related things ( those tend to have alot of reading : i ) wikipedia pages , music ( ok maybe not that one ... im the one on the left just woke up is there free will in heaven ? what if i like being thirsty or sad and etc ? what if i had died back then ?   ... nopeee there in the albums on my profile page now ^ ^ first and probably only thing of me singing ... im batman ! ! ! the misunderstood hero sorry , your right , i cannot say it for every person , just the ones i have seen ... clingy nice people are clingy because they are rejected by everyone despite being nice , eventually they aren't that ... my dad was an infj who did just that ... and it was because of this that i will never do so