' i'm taking a women's studies class this semester and there was an abortion debate tonight . it was fairly respectful . i boldly advocated the pro-life position in a women's studies class with a female ... sha : well written post but i don't consider myself a hypocrite . to me , the only purpose of government is to protect people's life , liberty and property . keeping the unborn safe from the risk of being ... i'm libertarian , fiscally conservative and socially liberal , meaning i am able to get along well with both liberals and conservatives provided we only talk about certain issues . although i reject the ... that would be hellish ! i can barely handle hanging around 1 extrovert for 4 days , let alone 5 people for 7 days . you put me in that situation and i cannot be held accountable for any slit throats ( or ... i'd stick with it if i were you . is computer engineering something you're passionate about ? something that you love enough to base your life around ? if so , i'd definitely recommend you stick with it ... woo ! vancouver ! i've only been there once but i was amazed by the city's architecture and the mountains / sea surrounding it . i think if i were to live outside the u . s . , vancouver would be the place ... - i'm socially confident . i know which types of people i'm capable of getting along with and how to get along with them so that we like each other . there are some people i can't get along with but ... ramona flowers from scott pilgrim vs . the world oh , i understand , to keep the costs down . yeah my friends and i literally have no budget for anything we film . but that's kind of the way i like it . i'd rather film something with no money at all ... well , do you want to actually make films or do you just want to learn to teach other people to make theirs ? i'm sorry , it's just that i can't tell from your post . for me , it's a tossup between 2001 : a space odyssey and akira , which i'm surprised has not been mentioned yet . so many jaw-dropping scenes and intriguing concepts in that movie ; it's hard to count ... i'm a film production major . i also just started working for my university's student television station as a writer and actor . they produce 3 original shows as well as short films . i'm pitching one ... fundamentals of public speaking women , ethnicity & gender identity audio / video storytelling production techniques communication analysis according to typelogic , the intj-infp relationship is the adviser relationship , which means that each partner has a special area of insight that the other one lacks . so i would guess that one ... if i'm ever in a situation where a very androgynous-looking person is criticizing and mocking me , i'm going to comeback by saying first of all , i can't even tell which gender you are . i've ... pretty cynical but not untrue . looks like you've got it alll figured out . : tongue : i am majoring in film production ( the specific name my college gives the major is electronic media and film ) ... the xntp and perceiving jokes were both very funny . i can also relate to the introvert one ; it sounds like something i'd actually do . my only complaint is that you need to reduce the number of typos ... it's better than it was in high school . i didn't really know much of what i wanted when i was in high school and hence i spent 4 years shocking and provoking others and i was egotistically obsessed ... so , after reading this speech , my agenda for the next few days is as follows : 1 . find erica goldson on facebook 2 . ask her out 3 . ? ? ? 4 . profit ! ! ! the following speech was delivered by top of the class student erica goldson during the graduation ceremony at coxsackie-athens high school in coxsackie , new york on june 25 , 2010 . here i stand ... i don't think society is set up to favor assholes . i think it's set up to favor people who assertively go after what they want , not letting anything discourage them . are people like that more ... search infj on deviantart , find very striking image that fits the thread , post it . naps are kind of a guilty pleasure for me . i'm trying to nap less often . i think the problem is that i become tired during the day when i don't actually do anything and hence i turn to napping as a ... intp . let's face it . they basically are zombies to begin with . i'm sure they'd fit right in with the pack ! meursault from the stranger . it'd be interesting to see how i'd respond to someone so different than me . a strong sensor who is emotionally detached and drifts along through life without purpose ... if they were , they failed . friedrich von hayek pointed out that the only place socialism can ever really work is among family members living in the same house ( and i suppose , the equivalents of a ... you have to be the change you want to see in the world . all my politics are about increasing freedom and minimizing coercion so every time there's a general election , i make sure i vote in that ... anarchism is about the abolition of government . you cannot say abolish government and support the government's law that keeps fox hunting banned . that's completely illogical . omg to hell ... says the anarchist who thinks that the government has the right to make things illegal . who's the one who doesn't understand terms again ? i don't think obama is a socialist . he's a ... libertarian . ron paul supporter . austrian economics advocate . anti war . the fact that the options socialist and communist have any number next to them other than 0 % shows that we're screwed , at ... how many tim and eric awesome show great job fans do we have here ? this video is awesome . it perfectly explains how people spend so much of their time nowadays on the internet looking at pointless ... who does she hope to be ? - sonny sharrock nightvision - daft punk final fantasy vii is overrated but still pretty good . my opinion is that final fantasy ix is the best ff game on the playstation . it's actually a fantasy game , where as vii and viii were much more ... you don't need to go to college to become a film critic . all you need to do is find music critic lester bangs ' archives from rolling stone and nme . then , take the best elements of his critiques and ... i thought this would be a good way to help the people on this forum become more informed about each other's education experience . it's also to interesting to learn about different colleges . 1 ... life definitely gets better after high school . college-aged kids are generally wiser , more responsible more mature and more rational than high school kids because the increased life-experience has ... youtube - solitude solitude - black sabbath i forgot about this one , somehow ... it was that time you ate the census taker's liver , right ? that's not secret dude . we all heard about that . like 19 years ago . for martha - smashing pumpkins ( this one was already posted on page 1 so i won't repost a video ) [ untitled 5 ] / alafoss - sigur ros 13 angels ... introverted intuition was the jungian function that i had the hardest time understanding . i finally got a good grasp of it from an example someone on infp globalchatter gave me in a book he owns . if ... responding to the original post : visible display of emotions only works sometimes when attempting to distinguish fe from fi . feeling doesn't mean emotional anyways . it refers more to personal values ... i like that the first movie didn't use cg ( no movie should use cg unless there's no other realistic way of making it ) but it's a big steaming pile of meh to me . as is the series in general . one of ... 1 . the road represents your attitude towards falling in love . you chose the long road--you take your time and do not fall in love easily . 2 . the number of red roses represents how much ... i've gotten daniel radcliffe ( mainly when i was younger , not much now ) , rainn wilson and russell crowe ( from my father ) . waves of the sea . it's the perfect sounds deeper than it actually is title , making sure that every seems deeper than he / she actually is person will try reading it to find the significance of ... here's one for the ladies : a couple of my friends have switched their sexuality around all of the sudden . with one person it was obvious . with the other one ... it wasn't quite as obvious . : confused : i think it's an interesting metaphor and i don't see anything obscene about it . we all have a choice as to what art we watch . or maybe i'm just biased because i like art that talks about ... very nsfw . watch at your own risk . but damn is it funny . written by dr . donald miller and dr . linda miller , published at lewrockwell.com , october 24 , 2003 - - - - - health care does not , as the term is currently used , focus on ... '