' my private messages notification icon is continually saying i have 1 unread private message . i have thoroughly checked and there is no such message in my inbox . help me make it stop blinking ? ... first , i apologize for not reading previous comments . second , my experience of what could be considered depression comes from the sense of my being removed from the perceived significance of my life ... it is because of our trust in se as a form of absorbing data . se , as i suspect most infjs believe , is incredibly temporary . also , they believe in the maleability of truth . how can one trust ... whether the concept of revenge is right or wrong , i have no desire to answer . but hypocrisy , in my mind , is easy to judge as wrong . you bothered them because you expect them to respect your choice of ... no , i really don't . i love people . i get annoyed real damn easy , but never hate people . * shrugs * so was i , while writing it xd . glad somebody else recognized it . it seems like you're assuming she can't read the subtext . perhaps she's more aware of your position that you think . my audience rarely brings me down when full force . just me . what is it like ? itx 92s like i am steel . unbreakable . and usually either happy or angry . one or the other . i donx 92t really know how to ... my confidence comes and goes very quickly every day . one hour it is there , full force , and then shaken the next . determined greatly by my audience , unfortunately . i think it is useful to have both ... late in coming , but gemini . june 17th . lead her . tell her where you want things to go . if youx 92re serious , reassure her of that , but do it without pressure . show her you know how to handle yourself , and trust your instincts . itx 92s not so ... i don't really have a strong aversion to any of the types as people , you know , but i definitely have my reservations about romantic involvement with most of them . primarily because i haven't ... all i know are very general things about astrology , so i don't have anything to contribute to the things you mentioned witchhaven , but i think it would be fun to watch this thread continue . any ... in my opinion , it is not asking nothing in return when you are capable of being disappointed in people , because some part of you has silently asked to not be let down . a reasonable function , for ... probably not since , now that i think about it , the only people i talk to at the lounge are people i bring with me lol . only people i'm extremely close to notice when i'm feeling off , usually because i'm just more somber when they ask how i'm doing . with everybody else , my interactions instinctually come off as though ... i hang out at a hookah lounge a lot - - probably not the case for more health-oriented infjs . home ... work ... hookah ... home ... work ... etc . if i'm out and about at public places , even the library , it ... because i was hungry . i'd be pretty pissed off if someone said that to me . only under joke circumstances is that an acceptable thing to say to someone you care about . i've been clingy in the past , but ... literally with just one person * shrugs * . and no , i don't consider just general affection to be clingy . exactly what are you trying to ask ? ? i mean , there's a lot of stuff rolling around in those quotes . i , for one , would think that super adorable , if somebody responded to my compliment that way . i dunno ... it's just nice when you can tell you shook somebody up just a bit , based on their not being as ... if it was an infj that said it to you , i'm sure they already have some sense of your natural response being sarcasm / etc . and while they understand , probably some secret part of them wants to know ... sounds like dude either can't take a joke , is bad at interpreting things through text , he over-reacted , or you missed something ... none of which have much to do with type ? but you knew that , so you ... how do you feel about the class itself , apart from any of your involvement in it ? is what is being taught significant to you ? i believe you will have the most success if you try to make the decision ... in my opinion , your reasons for staying shouldn't be based on whether the class is good for college or not . even if you fail the class , one bad grade among mostly a's will not ruin your chances to go ... firm , pointed , sharp , heavy , concentrated , sarcastic ... these are words i feel more associated with than cold and clinical . also warm , dynamic , flippant , teasing , silly ... thoughtful ... what does ... what he really needed to do was keep moving forward like a train rolls on down the tracks . yes , there is all this heartache on the way . but , bob ’ s motto was “ don ’ t look back . ” i make a to-do list , honestly . then i take a walk outside , and when i come back i attempt the first bullet . one down , next one to go kind-of-a-thing . the walk is really important . gives me a chance ... i haven't read enough of the previous posts in this thread , but i just wanted to say that in my case , i have a habit of disappearing . i like it that way . i get exhausted of keeping up with people , ... when i was little i assigned every digit a series of dots . so , the number 2 has two dots - - one just to the right and one just to the left . the number 6 has one dot on top , middle , and bottom , and ... no , not really , and i can't even remember the last thing i broke . i do drop things , and i walk into wall corners a lot / bang my legs against tables / trip over things on the ground lol . i've walked into ... i mean , he's probably staying away to protect himself . be a safe place to him again , and you'll probably have fixed the problem . i've never known an infj to lie about another person to others . he is probably telling it the way he sees it , and addressing whatever those issues are that he sees would be the first step in causing ... all i know is that , day by day , i recognize which choices will lead me to my goals and which will not . if it's on the path , i go . if it's not , i reject whatever it is . i try to be more conscious of ... loscibella thanks for such a considerate response . i'll think more one what you've said . i wouldn't wish for others to have this particular problem , so i'm glad you don't . i try to remind myself to just focus on what i'm doing with my life , and not so much on what i am or what others ... when i was younger i would have given anything to blend in more . now i blend in so well , i can't relate to the girl in my own photos - - she's so smiley and meek-looking , but i feel nothing of the ... i need a lot of space and quiet . i feel very cared for when someone sits comfortably in silence with me , maybe reading something while cuddling . i need to be given direction , i have found , as well ... parasyte - the maxim - wonderfully interesting character development . dark , gritty , asks the big questions about humanity , yet humorous and beautiful . ... i generally try to keep quiet when i have the urge to steal somebody's thunder . i enjoy watching people get excited about things and will only feel worse if i say something , don't get acknowledged , ... saying stuff like that makes you seem especially egotistical . nobody should be expected to have the same level of understanding as everybody else . 559378 ti ( 100 % ) se ( 90 % ) fe ( 90 % ) ni (8 5 % ) fi ( 70 % ) si ( 65 % ) ne ( 60 % ) exactly . for me , what hurts is not the people that behaved without consideration towards me , but rather the people whose opinion i value , who hear a number only and fail to see or have ... i believe 8 is my official count . but honestly , i think i was just trying to figure out what attraction is or isn't for the majority of those encounters . - with the first , i didn't know for a year ... in the space of two days i have been called both too quiet to date and too intimidating to date . . . by two different people . sigh . depressing . no matter how visible i feel i am , people don't see ... used to hate it . like ... really hated it . then i started drinking it during college . now i can't go back . i need it to survive work every day . i prefer medium dark with a mild amount of creamer ... '