' 1 ) something that appeals to their te / se : practical things they can use , with a heavy preference for expensive and / or stylish . 2 ) something that appeals to their ni / fi : meaningful , cute things ... horrible mistake of a playful entj adolescent and would not touch again . compatible life goals and financial situations : who am i kidding ? chemistry : sure , it exists , but i tend to get along ... just wondering if anyone is familiar with chinese actors : hu ge , wallace huo or wang kai what would their mbti be ? i'm drawn to xstp like moth to a flame . my te + ni is screaming at how estp / entj is a bad combination and how istp / entj doesn't happen , but the se + fi held a successful coup d'etat . et tu , brute ? i ... wow . that happened with my ex . i don't know if he was an infp , but i wouldn't doubt it . i don't doubt that i can befriend a mature infp , but i kind of prefer them at arm's length . i just feel ... it is possible in the sense that entj are more prone to quickly reaching a conclusion and then use confirmation bias to support their conclusion . just as well , inferior fi may equate to stubborn ... i'd say anything in real life . there's just a ( potentially more ) correct time and place for any given thing you can say c : isfp you can not miss this one . : cool : intj : approach with caution and do not touch . entj romance in the mind : ♥ watching the sunset from our penthouse suite , followed by private fireworks and a thousand hand-fold origami roses ... sounds like both of you are being hot-and-cold . i think a lot of entj do that . they don't see having a relationship as a crucial aspect of life . even if they really like you , they might hold back ... you should be aware that an entj's natural impatience with a lack of drive is often described by infp as insensitivity emotional shallowness and domineering attitude . reading through that , ... i would not date an infp unless my life depended on it , so isfj . i tend to admire sjs even if they're not thinkers . aelthwyn nailed it . i want to add that it's not as though the xntj wants to ... 382282 the first thing that came to mind was : why didn't he just burn every other step ? oh no , you deserve a good rest . what do you work as ? 60 hours a week sounds harsh , maybe too strenuous for long term ... but you go (: yeah , school is good . what classes are you taking ? yep ! it ... skills transferable to our career , more accurately . but yea , probably . i frequently laugh non-stop about things that aren't that funny according to my friends . i also like to say outlandish ... i read , write , shop or dance / yoga . most entj probably have hobbies with transferable benefits : dancing tones up your body , writing articulates your mind , so on . hehe ! i'm good . family and i ... i think evil requires empathy , because a form of evil is the needless and sadistic desire to harm others , to inflict pain and suffering . you need enough empathy to understand the pain your victim ... i was correcting your words to the way an entj would phrase it . hi ! or as an entj would phrase it , your frivolous pursuits are unworthy of our attention . ... until we feel like doing something about it . : ninja : entj are not ninjas . we are utilizing the empty fort strategy . once you think you are safe and comfortable in the entj base ... : exterminate : ps : how much can you trust an entj who ... infj hell : to see gruesome visions of the future , always feel compelled to tell the truth and warn others , yet have no one believe their words . ( cassandra from greek mythologies ) but your avi is so entp ... a weird breed of intj @_ @; i need a hug . - entj it doesn't matter if you don't intend to solve your problems and ignore all the objective facts . all that matters is that you feel better now . - entj keep crying on my ... intj i was inspired by this thread here . i'll start it off . single direction compass : may i point you to the stickie'd relationship thread in our forum ? it's there for a reason . the inquisitive ... kiawaki rivulet someonesmom definitely not the answer i wanted . hoped he would come back like last time . that was the post right before mine . i did misread hope rather than hoped , coming to ... because you guys are more sympathetic and would give her the kind words she wanted to hear rather than the objectivity that she's receiving and rejecting . yes . (: this enfp is my bestie mommy . she , despite her religion / culture , listens to me without judgement and is always ready to support me . she is responsible and caring , sweet and happy . i make ... i agree with 100 % of the advice given , but she's not looking for advice and all she's mostly doing is defend this man against all the objective observations . hence , my deduction that what she wants ... am i the only one more concerned about why this immature and irresponsible man is labeled an entj ? or why the things he do is explained by him being an entj ? the thread never asked for advice on ... we also have a back burner where stuff is getting processed and just spits out the information . i personally like to let my mind stray off the topic on hand for a few seconds ( oh , we have a problem ? ... the kind that an nt would enjoy . something with push-pull dynamics , with or without happily-ever-after . so done with the dime a dozen isfj / infp / infj female protagonists who basically just sits ... this thread .. beginning at the capitalization and ending at how op wants reassurance from a bunch of strangers on the net without providing that much specific information pertaining to the case . but ... i think i'm more likely than not an extrovert . i don't like everyone i meet , but a lot of my energy is centered around interactions with people / specific types of people . i would consider enfp , but it ... no . there will be matches , but there are matches in any two given mbti . plus , most entj do not naturally want to dominate and control every aspect of everything . it is only when we see ... i know i don't want kids . i intend to fight biological clock tooth and nails if it is really a thing . ftfy . am i the only one who saw that it was an entj who posted this and knew it was a joke ? i think i know what you mean . before i do things , i always think , how do i feel about it , how does it align with what i want , do i have a good or bad feeling about this but i chalk that as ni . both are typically high , with te being higher . latest results rates my te at 7.31 , with fi following at 6.58 , then ni at 6.33 . i have tons of te that i am aware of . it's fi that confuses me . ... that test was a little blatant . can't get more obvious than asking me what i am , want to be and am attracted to then spitting out the answers back . but it tells me i am an entj who wants to be an ... why can't we just accept that : - stereotypes are dumb - stereotypes about entj being cold , dominating , aggressive tyrants are flat out wrong - personalities can vary , even within the same personality ... usually , it's the other way around , but my new boss is an intj . i work in a sort of financial analysis role . typical intj style , every methodology i use is questioned and i was told to be ready ... all by default , a glazed poker face entj the smile that doesn't reach the eyes the we're going to get this done look sharply dressed and many have defined make-up / features intj the you are ... i am confused . what is happening ? i am not sure what exactly the apology is for either - bad memory , forgive me - but it is quite alright . our rigid-planning-ness drops and our laziness raises when we know the person we are with is equally or more so competent . yes , mostly . i'm totally down for a rough game of whatever , but i dig dresses , handbags , heels and jewelry . i also fake enough emotions and i'm kind of expressive anyway . i have also notice a high ... leave or suffer eternal regret . i jest . you could try to be emotionally supportive and tell him all kinds of pretty things about being there for him , loving all he's doing for the company ... you can't tell the person it bothers you and ask them to stop , why ? well , we can't exactly be the superhero when we're not human enough to start unnecessary drama , make foolish blunders , conflict between obvious choices and frolic in all the feels . seriously ... '