' omg ... i can so relate ! ! ! i would be all over the place . relating to every conversation possible . i want to buy everything on the infomercials ... : blushed : i just talked to someone about not being a good sales person because i couldn't lie to someone to make them buy something ... im an enfp but i love this subject and the exploration of it ! : crazy : silas : peace . bart : peace is meant to explain a state of tranquility . ok ? so why don't you try finding a way to say goodbye , now that you're among civilized people . silas : well , mr ... when you really only use these smileys : crazy :: wink :: happy :: laughing :: proud :: tongue : hilarious : laughing :: laughing : daydreaming is quite productive ... : tongue : this happens to me everyday ... ... of course i nap everyday ! when you are in negotiation with the security gate because it's not accepting your code ... why aren't you letting me in was it something i did ? lol ... : laughing : im always talking ... wrong , i assume you personally have a superiority complex . i don't know enough tj's to make that assumption about the whole . i can however put two and two together and see that you are a very judging ... we are obviously very different in our opinions ... you obviously are the one with the superiority complex i really dont care about all that but you have to keep mentioning it . i can't help if you ... you have an interesting way of looking at things ... lol oh yeah ! you should watch your language buddy ... i'd hate to report you for calling me something so offensive and degrading . no worries , some people only believe in the here and now . only what they can see in this physical reality . i have an extremely visual reality and have either been able to keep my personal faith ... really ? no . just biased . i can totally understand people saying they don't believe in it . i could understand if you strictly didn't believe it and made that be known but you are implying that i am ... i dont need to ask you anymore questions because this answers everything i need to know about your beliefs in psi . if you dont believe in subconscious ability then i dont expect you to believe in ... i believe you . i have seen this a lot . personally i cannot explain many things that happen to me on a day to day basis . especially in the area of psi . i have strong visions . just today i had one , ... i think you just made yourself look stupid by making this remark . there are obviously other enfp's here who may not agree that it is psi ability but they are engaging in more interesting conversation ... psychic ability = conscious and subconscious ability ultimately the same thing as intuition and feeling and thinking . inspiration comes from somewhere . mine doesn't come from outward sources ... [ quote = tuna ; 647702 ] i believe that humans are essentially hopeful creatures who want to believe in a lot of things that aren't necessarily true . ( and i probably just set myself up for an awesome ... google empath you might find some answers . i questioned this myself after watching an episode of charmed where they encountered and empath and it really resonated with the way i felt sometimes . i ... well , i had not heard of this . thanks for the new research subject : wink : ask yourself these questions : do you believe that humans typically only use ten percent of the brain ? have you researched psychic healing ? have you researched any mind study period ? i am ... we all have very intelligent and complex minds that require a workout just as your physical body does . my question to you is what do you feel your strongest psi ability is . mine is ... what the hell are you talking about ? : tongue : when you have a mess that has been festering and you dont clean it up until you get something new and pretty for your room ... then of course you have to clean up : tongue : lol too funny : laughing :: crazy : when you have been in your skin for 27 years and never noticed the freckles on your back ... weird when you change your facebook profile pic every other day because you cannot stand ... what ! ! ! ? ? ? another sign i could see associated with enfp's your doing great i have a friend who is a virgo who i thought might be an enfp . i also know a virgo that is estj so this is very interesting ... thanks i thought this would definitely be a reply ... you guys are so cool : happy : i am an aquarius . i have been very curious about how the zodiac plays into personality so i am curious . what is your sign ? other personality types please feel free to post , it would be nice to ... i like your aquarius avi ... im an aquarius too ! when the people who around you get a little irritated with your lack of secrecy because they cant understand why you have nothing to hide ... : wink : i thought this same thing last night when i was reading something ... so incredibly true i hate boooring calm down you ... i see you are in an aggressive mood . put a smile on your face ... take a couple of deep deep breaths ... : angry :: cool :: happy :: laughing : i have lots of black as well wow never thought it was a drug ... however it works quit well for headaches as opposed to pain killers , as well as menstrual cramps and the erratic behavior that comes with that hormonal change , ... i know you most of you are probably for legalization ... isn't it ridiculous the billions of dollars that have been spent for decriminalization of the universal herb of healing when you tell the same story a million times and are equally as excited or tickled by it each time you tell it : crazy : i can bake and cook but i was so intrigued by it when my mother was in th kitchen that i just took it up as a hobby myself . now as far as making a guy think he is in control ... eh ... no can ... being an enfp you probably have colors for different moods let me see em ... mine are yellow - happy blue - calm red - sexy black - anytime white - never - gets to dirty too quick pink - ... i think all parents have a hard time accepting this . i have been in a battle with my dad all of my life because i have never been a girly girl . he used to tell me i was never going to find a husband ... i was always a tomboy as well but i love being a woman also . i am so unconventional that it is quite hard for men to deal with . i have always had a predominately male entourage and become friends ... have you been viewed to be entirely too masculine in your approach to life or to not being the traditional woman . i mean housewife just isnt me and maybe i am too friendly with my daughter . do you ... you know it's time to leave the cafe but you just cant remove yourself because the conversation is so intriguing : tongue : i am glad you have found this safe haven . everyone needs someone to confide in who will be understanding no matter the circumstance . it is very hard to find people like this , somehow i know now why i ... '