' succ my guess is italian / argentinan someone guessed serbian for me awhile back , but i am restarting with some new photos . 7175937176 01717609 it is very hard for me to listen to asmr . i feel a strong poke / pain in my back that is very annoying . i feel like the only person who has experienced this : confused : i tried that and it works wonders ... italics if they broke up with you because of a horoscope , then they are not reading astrology correctly or they read those stupid newspaper horoscopes . the fact of the matter is that every horoscope is ... he has ne no dought about it , but i do not know wether its in his secondary or first functions . but he does have a richard dawkins like flair with him . then again he does act like bill mahar ... spongebob - esfj patrick - entp squidward - istj mr . crabs - estj sandy - intj plankton - intj gary - xnfp mrs . puff - esfj larry - estp mermaid man - esfp 1 . what is your mbti type ? enfp 2 . what is your religion ? ( atheist and agnostic both count as answers to this question despite not being religions ) unitarian universalist - notice alot of ... i have severe adhd and i am an enfp sooo xd i got arrested once but never put into jail nor convicted basically i had a fight with my brother . he put me in chuckhold and i couldn't breath . had to bite him to try and escape . there was a ... keemstar - estp - - could be using his antics as a serious gesture or to get more attention to himself . definitely a drama causer , but he is not stupid and can earn money based on this . ... fop timmy-estp - - its weird how everyone is typing him as an isfp . i really see alot of calvin in timmy cosmo - esfp - - an easy one to figure out and why both can relate to some level . wanda-esfj ... here is my pro and con list . hope my peeps here enjoys it ^ ^ pros : bubbly happy and empathetic can improv can be personal with one person can morph into any environment he or she ... i think that the t / a lettering was more or less created by the 16 personalities test and really do not have full weight . it may help you on understanding where the energy is coming from ( a quirk ... you bad bad bad boy ;) ... call me ;) these people will try and say they are beaten , but will most likely beat on people with mental illness . hell i am white and have adhd and deppression . i have been discriminated by all majority ... steve bannon believes the apocalypse is coming and war is inevitable | the huffington post just saw this article and it brings me more into the territory of a psychopathic infj to me . and that ... sorry of i came off that way with estps . i would say that i am comparing trump to unhealthy estps rather than the healthy and awesome ones . i believe an estp , with their power , energy can do well ... i have compared donald trump to warren g harding , buchanan , and andrew jackson . what do they have in common ? all of them are estps and if you look at bios , he acts exact to them . what i am ... here are my thoughts on directors and there types : ed wood - enfx orson welles - enfp george lucas - infp lloyd kaufman - entp ( i can confirm this working + talking with him . such great ne ) i love mark cuban on shark tank . he always says stuff thats on his mind about certain products / scams . i would think he is a dom te user for sure . i am leaning more on entj rather than entp ... i would date anyone on here cause they are peachy keen : tongue : ... i would date myself tho and i am going to eat all of yo - wait a minute ... well stop encouraging us with you gayness : u i really love the one with the warm colors , but they both look awesome :D first off : alot of people who want to start a business , do not know how to and they excel at it . i thought i couldnt get anything off the ground till i did ebay and found it quite enjoyable . if ... i love puns . i have a guilty pleasure of laughing to so bad its punny puns : 3 gender : male age : 17-27 intelligence : gifted openness : conservative mbti personality profile : istj closest alternative we found : istp second time ... nope 1st time : gender : male age : 15-25 intelligence : superior openness : conservative mbti personality profile : istp closest alternative we found : ... im curious if you can also read my handwriting : o 573826 i had an affair with drew carey while he hosted whos line ... i was behind the deslk oh god xd anytime is bed time enfp and my team is : instinct just felt like it fitted my personality and just love doing this : for me , i usually wear all black clothing because i just like the color . it just looks well in anything i wear xd . sometimes tho it makes me feel like i am in constant mourning at times ... bestie : enfj - love his optimism secondary best friends would be : infp , entp , intp , and istps : 3 i have always been a nightowl . i see things differently than i do in the daytime and you meet very unique individuals . its weird cause i don't technically hate anyone in some regard . for one i may just be distant or use a certain type of te bitchslapping if it goes too far . for two , i just put on a different ... isfp ? ? ? tough one ... estp ? ? ? type most like to hold grudges then forget them over some type of bribe ( ex : ice cream ) for me i have gotten alot of bad gifts in my short life , yet i somehow got them to work . an item that you think is worthless , could be something later in your life . i would say keep it in a nice ... i am an enfp and i may be annoying to some , but i do it in the most swiggety swaggity way possible homeboy : tongue : i admire : isfps - they are smart , original , artistic , and seem to be awesome to hang around : 3 . just wished i see them more . estps - carefree , lives life to the fullest , and has a i ... 110 basically :P . usually on these tests online i score like a 70-90 so i have no idea what my true iq is . :P oh didnt see them my bad ^ ^ ' ' judy hopps - infp judys parents - xsfj nick wilde - entp bellweather - infj clauhauser - enfp a + ... my blood is smarter than i am apparently fuck have you made a mistake in your life ... im sorry ; - ; lets get subway i go an itch on mah crotch : 3 '