' my memory is bad , last thing i remember is i would think on this topic and thinking i have done . i'm unsure if it's a decision i made or not but i feel a closer connection to istj . i'll always ... i wonder why i wonder why people aren't perfect . : bored : added : ( me included ofcourse . ) feeling fear . obvious isn't it . i fear nothing for i know nothing . thus i fear the nothing which i don't know of . trust me , that's pretty scary . i lack a summary at this point in time . from what i gather now then is that i'm not strongly in tune with p or j . is the question then left with the p / j only then ? still progress . istx is what ... yes , my own conclusion is that i am introverted , short and simple answer . relieving and preferable . did attempt making a physical list of things that needed to be done . felt gratifying ... tested and : enfp extravert ( 44 % ) intuitive ( 28 % ) feeling ( 47 % ) perceiving ( 41 % ) you have moderate preference of extraversion over introversion ( 44 % ) you have moderate preference of intuition ... i understand your viewpoint . personally i'm a bit torn on the subject , while it may be cruel to let them live only to find it'll all end without any meaning eventually , it is equally as cruel to deny ... i don't initiate well with strangers unless i got an official errand . i find it to hold no difficult initiating with close friends or family , although i don't generally seek them out during my ... myst 91 as to the belief of me being introverted , it's a topic of some uncertainty but regardless , i can understand doubt of it . out of options : disco or videogame , i prefer videogame . out of ... i believe myself to be an introvert , unless i have tricked myself of thinking so i find it hard to believe i'm an extrovert . i am relatively loose and flexible , i do not entirely know if it's cause ... when handling tough cookies , be tougher or be silly . since i didn't want to spend 5 replies , i chose silly loving the variety of people , lots of perspectives to consider . ^ _ ^ ah yes , i felt a war was on the path that threw the topic of the post way out of it's intended goal . i'm not sure if it was succesful entirely but it seems it didn't escalate any further , differing ... nope , i can be well prepared in the case of something happening to the plan intended aswell and make contingency plans upon contingency plans . it's all relative ^ ^ i will subtly take that as ... short answer : i'm fond of a schedule i feel i've managed to fulfill what i set out to do and can later just wind down and relax when i'm done with it . also , currently multitasking , it's not an ... personally , not that the question was directed at me , think that personalities are far more advanced than anything so far made up , although what we have currently is the closest we'll get today . ... before this post was made i had difficult getting to any form of training as i had no set time to do so . i went to the doctor and got appointment to a physiotherapist and has since been having two ... quite a fine line and it matters who's on the receiving end indeed . just checking : laughing : speaking in third person when expressing emotions to others . is that a thing .. ? : laughing : allow me to attempt to diffuse the tense situation . done , did it work ? and to continue on with the thread unknowingly thinking what i wrote may have been part of it . but you can't do it like ... when you offer a slight polite bow of your head out of courtesy as you say thank you . and people find it weird and humorous for some reason . and then have to get the habbit out of yourself for ... nemen is my choice , thank you . 600706 on the way back from work one day , sunrise in a smaller town . took it on a whim as i thought it was a pretty sight , granted i could've taken my time to get a better angle , seems i didn't ... ah i see , thanks for adding , all knowledge is welcome ! :) narcissistic as i am unskilled in mbti i thought as many arguments as possible would give a higher accuracy , interested to know why you'd say esfp too . do you mean istj got the higher chance but ... certainly i'd like to think so . perhaps we'd be excellent as gourmands with training / education ^ _ ^ like trying snails for the first time , i still haven't done it and i have doubts i will want to in ... weekend i do know that pimples don't make good conversation though if brought up , with the wrong people . well , alteration of the hair , i also notice if someone's beard has changed or if something ... i may see the differences but not act on it during the fog as it's unclear even though it's very clear , movement obviously being the easiest to detect and adjust accordingly to it . i'd pick up on ... i'm at peace with the illness really , obviously it affects me as it would anyone , the higher the pain the lower the treshold for a variety of stuff ( the words escape me . ) shall be honest , research ... i know this all too well , working at a terminal where there is only trucks , indoors electric forklifts , outdoors . all in all , that sounds like my workplace , bloody awful when i don't have a task i ... anything readable and informative will do , some would call sites e-books i imagine even if that statement is flawed . yea if not done at once , it could be forgotten as it obviously had a low ... act dishonestly and honestly , can you trust what she has said about the persons is true as if you heard it yourself from them ? i dare say no . not that she doesn't have your trust , but do the ... if you wish , i could go through your essay and check for grammar flaws , as for the contents i can not validate or invalidate them . ;) i was just using an old idéa which i never really ... i wonder if my equivalent as a terminal worker would be for instance if , it's a low speed flow at the present moment and i activate my se and talk and engage more with the people at the workplace and ... considering it more carefully , i am indeed more cautious than an istp would be i suppose . i would also like to provide something i took from a test at keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes ... weekend of what i read i find pride , loyalty , jacks-of-all-trades and practical fitting , uncertain of the rest but i don't see any impossible scenarios . why would you say i strike you as an istj ? ... i tend to care what others think of me , reputation is important to me , even though i don't expressively say this out loud . i do like to work with my body at work but in my free time i find little ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... regardless of type , i dare say coping with a disability is something one learns and / or adapts to , or find other interests which aren't affected by the disability . when it comes to eds , a ... they will either be too far away for you to initiate a hug or accept the hug as you're close to them , if accepted , then with equal passion / dispassion as they are given from it . i wonder where the challenge lies in hunting with long-range weaponry against bears . now if they'd grab a baseball bat i'd be - impressed - if they pulled it off . i'm pretty sure i wanted to add a ... at school classmates told me i looked angry , i altered this and then got less attention , perfect as i then could do my thing , read a book or whatever it was i did . i mean .. indifferent , sure , angry ? ... i like the thrill but to much is uncertain with this and i know better than to trust equipment over myself . touch on the phone stops working or screen doesn't light up when a call is coming , ... i have an objective , i will not look in your direction , only to avoid bumping into you , if you bump into me on accident i will shrug and keep walking unless you decide to start talking to say that ... well this has been a fun read while performing pc maintenance , would read again if a similar topic came along . splendid performance everyone ! take five . being paid for a work or working on something i want to work at / for : i attempt to maximize efficiency by first of all , boosting my own performance ( giving it my all ) , secondly i do also think of the ... if i get into a similar position as you where my patience is gone or being tested , i mostly just think about what morons they are and roll my eyes , so to speak and keep working , i dare say it's not ... i wanted to be a pianist , practised for a brief period and then the tutor got switched with some other tutor and i didn't want to anymore . something in music i'd have liked , although now i'm just ... i'm on this forum am i not ? i may not be the most active but that's cause i got other random interests popping up all around me , indoors and outdoors alike . also i have a terrific voice and a ... actually not bad way of putting it to us younger istp's , unsure if i'm there yet or if i'm on the way , it's like taking that syringe from the doctor for the first time , get it over with and get done ... lets just say personally i have a high tolerance towards a dirty household and never made a habbit out of cleaning regulary so it's not something i got used to and kept doing , i got used to doing ... '