' well ! this happens to be my area of expertise : cooler : just kidding , but i did have the pleasure of rooming with two isfjs , an esfp , and an enfp this year at college ( one isfj and the esfp together ... i was reading this article the other day and it made me feel so not like an infj . it could've ... i had the same feeling around the same age and am still getting used to my new face .. i think it has more to do with my dealing with depression and the depersonalization symptoms that can go along ... i assume you've already checked out articles on 6 vs . 9 online , but this is a short blurb that seems pretty straightforward : since you've ... so my little brother has tried to find his mbti type many many times . he comes out with a different result every time after taking pretty much every test on the web . i've even tried going through the ... careful about idealizing any type .. i used to want to be an infp because i knew one who i was obsessed with , but now that i've distanced myself from her and stopped comparing myself to her , i'm a lot ... i haven't really heard of us having a mysterious aura per say , but i can tend to feel a bit detached sometimes , like i'm outside of what's happening around me . so maybe that's it ? washington state in the beautiful pacific northwest : starbucks : infjs tend to be known as the most extroverted introverts , so that may be the reason for your questioning ! make a list of any activities that sound remotely interesting to you ( and that you can do safely ) and then work your way through them until you find something that you love . it sounds like you just ... i think he'll be an alright president . ninetypesoflight thanks pal ! i love isfjs too . you guys have such sweet hearts : tickled_pink : astrology and jung , you say ? my favorites ! have you heard of robert moore's interpretation of jung's archetypes ? you hate being put in a box but you love your infj label : cupcake : and what if i did ? was rhyming really necessary ? how do you measure the handsomeness of a whale ? in order to gain deeper understanding of things and ideas , i looove answering questions with questions and i thought it might be a fun game to play here and see how long we can keep it going ! ... but .. wouldn't that mean that we don't know where we're going to go next then ? are we that unpredictable to ourselves ? but isn't life the train rather than ourselves ? if you have any sort of hint that this new guy wants to be more than just friends and you're not feeling it , shut him down right away . it's a learned thing to not be nice to every person who talks to ... it sounds like he was probably just embarrassed / uncomfortable that you were watching him , but i agree with the others that you did a good thing by trying to help him ! i think the most important thing is that you find people that you connect with and feel good around . if you join groups for things that interest you , you're bound to find like-minded people . ... the only jewelry i like wearing is earrings .. anything else really bothers me and i can't stop playing with it . like some others have said , she doesn't sound like someone in a healthy mindset . also though , all infjs want is to be understood , not corrected . people giving me unasked-for advice is my number ... not what we make of it ? not trying to argue , just playing the devil's advocate : smilet-digitalpoint i like alt as well : cool : but what is life in its unaltered state ? : chat 02 : i think the purpose of life is growth . we're all born with areas to grow in and working in those areas to improve ourselves and become better versions of ourselves is what i believe we're here for . i ... : cool : i have a pretty steely exterior so i rarely cry in front of other people , but i'm an emotional mess on the inside . also , when i do cry , i usually hyperventilate and cry so hard that blood vessels in ... the majority of those traits are true for me , but i know i'm not an aspie . i feel confused . when someone asks you how your week was and you can't remember anything you did but you know the general vibe the week had i don't understand how this turned into an entp insult thread , but back to the topic ! i can completely relate ! i've recently been put into a situation where i'm living with a bunch of other ... your wording sounds great ! :) that's a good point ! on second thought , i do consider others while making decisions , but only after i make sure that the decision lines up with my values . one of the first actually cool christian songs i've heard in awhile . wow , that is awkward ! i would imagine that either the invite got lost in the mail , or it just slipped her mind to invite you since you see her so often . possible solution : you could ask her ... i guess i'm not a typical infj then ! i got a pixie cut last fall and i've been growing it out since about mid-january . since then , i've also dyed the ends purple , blue , and green . now , i'm trying to ... i'm sure you'd be great at psychiatry if you're passionate about it ! any type can really do any job if they want to . i've recently realized that 4 people in my social circles are isfjs ( after having them take the mbti test ) and it's woken me up to some of the similarities between them . most prominently though , is ... my intj sister does this to me sometimes and it hurts , but more than that , it's extremely frustrating . when i'm discussing something with someone or trying to get a point across , all i want is to ... food / drink : nutella , pesto , caramel & apples , tea things : getting to the highest point possible in buildings . it makes my mind feel clearer . .. i consider myself first when i make decisions i like thin crust cheese with basil , but i also just had a margherita pizza with pesto on it last night and it was amazing . charlie.elliot i think that when a lot of people say that they're demisexual , they also mean that they're demiromantic . i don't know if this is true for op , but it's true for me and it's not the same ... i had an infp coworker for about 6 months . i liked him in general because he was really easygoing and open-minded , but there were a few things that annoyed me , like : - he was a complete druggy and ... '