' and yeah i love singing , i was once good at it heh , thats a part of me which is 100 % enfp im really creative and love music best thing ever * singing * i guess i feel like i betray myself by being careless , the thing is though the past 2 years i started to careless about everything , and right now im afraid of chaning into god knows what , i feel like ... my poor core core values x : my dearest ... to be honest i cant see where all of this originated , im losing faith in myself , and nothing really matters , it feels like i betrayed myself , because i ... hey brothers and sisters <3 :D sometimes life gets tough , and lately i've fallen into a really bad pattern where self-hate rules my weeks , my friends are getting mad with me no matter what i do , ... some how i'm doing that as well :p my voice is rather normal when speaking irl too : o but just for the record i'm not like extrema supranational more of a dumb hybrid between the two of them where i ... okay thanks :D yeah i probably should , but it's not only the fact of us not playing high enough i don't feel comfortable with the high tone me : s at least not showing it to others if i'm gonna kill their ears o . o okaay , hey guys ! its been a while * huge sad face * i missed u ! just hadnt anything to post ! well , lately i started in a band at my school , and ofc we play music ! * happy face * people tell me i've got ... i am an enfp and i am sitting in my biology class o . o ' no bad idea , i think its just gonna be hard as the thing are right now but ye , an adventure nope we dont , he have assured me that there is no feelings , plus i am happily given away to my lovely boyfriend =) hey guys , as you can see im an enfp , and so is my best friend , how ever it happens quiet alot that we get mad at each other and it always ends in me feeling bad , and i know he is feeling bad too ... most of my female friends are annoyed with me , i dont rly know why but they just seem to take a distance after a few months of gossip and happy days , and it makes me kind of sad that almost all of ... in my groupe of friends i am sort of on my silly switch all the time ! how ever , i know these people , and as everyone else said , if i am around talkative people i also take a step back , and boxes my ... paradox 1987 thanks : i i cant call my best friend he lives in romania > . < ( i live in denmark ) but thanks i try to work with it : s yeah , and it sure does romantic relationships .. :/ i cant rly do anything without getting reminded of him , listening to music , playing computer games ( even if its with my best friend ) that sound like a rly amazing idea :D then we would all know which type everyone is xd noneed for test's then :p this is a very simple question .. how to coop with a broken heart ? : crying : : confused : : crying : : confused : : crying : you say you are demisexual , which others are there ? i mean that sounds kinda like me cus i dont feel like i can ( on normal basis ) maybe a site where i can read about it and so on : x im rly ... at the thing with red hair , isnt it kinda bad with all of us wants to stand out ? and colour our hair red ? ofc its easy to find other enfp's that way xd but idk i have also dued my hair red ( quiet a ... i have been wondering about this for quiet a while , what is love ? i got a boyfriend who is intj , and lately he has some mental problems which he is trying to solve , which resulted in that lately ... i am an enfp and i am so inlove with my intj boyfriend , miss him ! ! : blushed : so , summerholiday is near ! and i wondered :P - if there were no limits , what would your dream holiday be ? fun :D ... thanks guys .. it sort of means alot to me that so many came up with their opinion . also i spoke with him about it yesterday cus i was feeling very sick about it , but i dont rly know if it helped , ... so .. i got this lovely boyfriend .. how ever sometimes .. he tells me he's gonna watch p * rn .. and i feel all sick and jalouse .. i just wanna hear my sisters about their oppinion .. how they would feel ... i have seen worse thing > . < tbh .. yeaaay gogogo for ittt ! ! ! :D dd * hides behind your back * tihi ! ! ! its so : o dangerouse ! ! ! lool whats wrong with fooling around ;) ... :D d sherkanner and its not you im afraid of its the rectangular ( spelling ) thing in the back ground ! ! you have to save me ! ! be my hero ! ! ! : oo ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ( hug ) ! ! ! * screams aaahhh , im so scared ! ! ! sherkanner come and save me ! ! ! jumps on the table ( scared face ) * oh damn ! i hadnt seen ! ! ! * hides underneth her pillow ! ! * * prays for help * : 3 i changed my hair : i im an enfp , and i am tired of life in a too young age :( please give me wings so i can flyyy ! ! ! ;( lol xd ... nice ! :P ... okok then what makes you intj guys so awesome :p ? i dont know if this question haz been asked but ... how can you be so annoying at times .. and then so damn lovely at the same time ? i mean seriously ? o . o i can be pissed at my intj boyfriend but ... ohhh candle wax is nice :p mostly caused the heat :p <-- addicted to heat :P ... buahaha personal perferences :p although i wouldnt mind a slight of blood but ... my boyfriend dont want that i bite him :p + im afraid to hurt him ! : xx i almost feel the same way x ) or well almost :p im no big fan of buttplugs ! ! ! and nor nipplecharms o . o ... ! ! i like the spirit ^ - ^ ! ! ! me and mu current boyfriend are experimenting with mf which means male dominanc and female submessivity ( spelling ? ) :D + some bondage ;P ... its freaking the innor me ... hello my brothers and sisters ... :p so guys the topic of tonight is ... how many of you do have a fetish ? i got a few and its no secret ! :D : $ ... ahhh :p so u play wc3 :D ? or did ;p ... ? aww :D d so we all got beautiful voices :p ? hahaha nice one x ) ! covers her boobs o . o i got non ! ! just walk by ! ... nothing to see ! ! ! are all enfp voices sweet and cute :p ? nooo hon is to curse : 3 ... ! ! lol that got to look amazing ... like mr mundo with 2 caps :p another thing i have wondered about is when cho ' gath uses feast on like .. idk another chogath who has 6 stacks . how can cho have him ... '