' has there ever been a blond-haired , blue-eyed intp ? was alice from alice in wonderland metaphorically real ? hello ! i , a 19 year old infp female , recently discovered that my parents introduced my grandfather to mbti , using only an online test , and have him vaguely convinced that he's an infj . i don't have a ... a lot of the hutrt people who are attracted to me also happen to be infps ... does one get paid to moderate ? hello . i have some things to talk about . i'm 18 , and my parents won't let me go on omegle . i just want to know , generally , how older people feel about this . feel free to ask for more information . i chose enfj , enfp , isfp , and infp . i can get along with all types , but i have a history of being close to enfjs and enfps . i like intps and intjs too , but i don't feel exceptionally close to them . wouldn't that show responsibility ? how would that send red flags ; i'm so confused :) search the tag , best of tumblr example : hotel showers are really weird because they can range anywhere from “ gently peeing on you ” to “ i fear for the safety of my nipples ” its like the more shocking a post the more notes it ... tumblr . i'm making a post about it because i'm on it and i can't get off . i just want to make a post so i can see james mcavoy as my avatar . also , attention hey ! i think nicholas sparks is an infj ; what do y'all think ? i'm an infp , but i mistyped an an intp for a while . i would appreciate if someone would be willing to help me figure out why ! isfjs , you are amazing ! i'm an infp and my best friend right now is an isfj . she is accepting and i like fer fe my mom . we argue more , but i feel more connected to her thank-you for making this thread , it was a good reminder . and sorry , you're doing a good job , i just wanted to clarify . someone to respond to so , in conclusion , i would like to let him down , without hurting myself . okay so , i want someone to respond . averoblivious yes he started that conversation , but we were standing around in a group , and then we moved to the campfire . thank-you everyone for the best wishes and all that ;) thanks , you seem like a really amazing person . but i'm wondering ... do you guys think he's into me just because i suspect it ? i think intps would like it too . he's not the only friend i have around right now , but he's the only friend i don't care enough about to be nervous around . * takes hit from conscience * i'm sorry . i'm just lonely . and if he was crazy ... oops i meant to make that the content . anyway , part of my values are like , he's a good person , you should love him , like you love all humans . its better to talk to people because then you can ... yea it is . i was thinking infps might think about people more than ideas though . okay so i'm not going to reply to you all , but thank-you for you input . also , i'm pressing enter , and its not working . it was working on another computer i used , and it works on this computer in ... * i apologize in advance for the wall of text ; i don't know how to add paragraphs * so , an intj is into me . or he might not be , but i like he is ... okay , 2 things i would like your perspectives on : 1 ... i'm here for you . * long , deep hug . * * checks gender * * possibly more than a hug * love and peace . i hope you feel better . and ... yeah . i'm feeling for you . i'm an infp but i often relate to entps , ( ie , tony stark , tom sawyer ) also , peter pan ( enfp ? ) i like the nps . yup me and my enfj friend were talking about it one time . father : isfp , mother : enfj , me ( 18 ): infp , sister ( 16 ): enfj , brother ( 13 ): enfp ( speculative ) . thomas 60 you're welcome . i know the thread is probably moved of from this by now , but i think this is brilliant . thank-you . there is more i want to say , but i don't want to risk demeaning it with words . also , in case anyone ... that would definitely be helpful / fun for me ! i feel like i understand myself better , and know i am either an intp , infp , or infj , and even tough i call myself an infp for practical purposes , i would ... what ... ? okay , sorry . twitch : you wanna virtually get to know each other ? intps are frikin awesome , i don't know why more people like us . so , i'm an intp , but i met this guy a while ago , and i don't know whether he was an intp or an intj , but we were talking about books and history , and i was trying to get into awesome theory and he ... yes , they are susposed to be out ideal match . i used to best friends with an infj , and it was great . she is now dating an ( i think ) intp and from what i can see they have a great relationship . not ... '