' this can be how i feel about some istjs ( they can seem closed-minded to me ) , but i usually instantly feel a connection w / istps that feels quite comfortable . though even w / some istjs i can find ... i'm pretty convinced he's an isfp now , especially w / the video of his mom calling him quiet . seems he plays characters that are estps . and ss do tend to live in their bodies more than live in ... i could see that . he definitely is an s as he's really gifted w / physical things . he never looks awkward doing things like dancing , slapping other people , etc . , as compared to kev jumba ( who i ... the way all of you istps have replied , makes me realize this guy probably wasn't an istp - - i say that because the way you describe giggling sounds perfectly normal / endearing to me ... there are ... i'd say that both of these are my favorite types . it's difficult to separate the person from the type . because one istp may be super charming , and another might not be , etc . i can only list my ... something about this makes me feel like it's more of a chuckle versus a giggle . chuckling is a bit less school-girl-like . to me , giggling is more like hee hee hee ! ! ! ( covers mouth ) example ... wow this is really interesting ! i did know one istp who laughed a lot , but it didn't seem giggly to me . are you a guy or a girl , if you don't mind me asking . not implying anything , just curious . ya this is what i've seen w / istps i know well . i prefer when people reserve that big laugh for that unusually funny situation . thanks for the reply elicit ! ya one thing i love about istps is that they are calm and collected w / a smirk , etc . i really hope it's a temporary giggling issue ... but we shall see . it's possible he ... i went out w / a guy , who said he was an istp . i've mostly only known istps to smirk , or laugh , or perhaps a small chuckle ( for a brief moment ) , and then back to that calm cool vibe . but this ... ya i can see that music is just a preference . however , being an athlete is different . it is related to cognitive functions . if you live in the moment , you're going to be better at doing ... hmm , not very creative at all . he said he could draw a car , but couldn't think up something creative . ya , i'd prefer a bench also ! ! i don't know why i said i'd go to the opera ... i fear for trying ... he told me he's taken the test and thinks he's istp ... but i'm not sure if he's just telling me what i want to hear ? a lot of guys want to be istp . i know all istps are different , but just in general , ... i agree it's a tough one , but it can be done with some effort . both people would need to give and take . the enfp would need to painstakingly collect crumbs from the kitchen counter , instead of ... i only like hugging people i'm dating , or in love with . everyone else gets fake hugs . i purposefully give these tiny hugs to communicate that this is not a romantic hug . i feel like istps are the ... thanks . ya i stopped seeing him . he did have plenty of good qualities also , but not worth the bad ones . my problem is that i don't know any istps ( in real life ) who are as funny as the istps in this thread . they are amusing , but not laugh out loud funny . what do i do ? thank you all for your tips ! unfortunately , i think he's just a looser ( not related to type at all ) . in fact , though he was an istj , i think he lacked some of the maturity / responsibility that most ... ya i don't know what i was thinking ! enfps are too nice , yup ! i don't know why i was even considering going out , or having him come over , just not to hurt his feelings ! ! yikes . i told him the ... ya that's a good point , thanks . he apparently already bought soup . not sure what to do now , but i'm considering just going out instead , because it'd be so awkward to have him come over when i ... thank you all ! :) niss , i never would have thought to see it that way . why do you say to proceed with caution ? because he's insecure ? i def want to take your opinion into account . how funny if ... so i went out w / an istj 2 times . i'm an enfp . we definitely had a good conversation and a fun time . my question though ... he texts me things which are obviously jokes , but i'm just not sure ... i think he's istj . the confusion comes in because we don't think of istjs as artists but any type that is creative and brilliant will write imaginative lyrics , etc . the lyric i never made ... madhatter , your post makes sense , thanks . and i appreciate you pointing that out . i'm really shocked that anyone would have taken the message that i was calling all istps sociopaths , from what i ... this is hilarious . and true . i've seen lots of istps and intjs really enjoy each other's company a lot , so i'm not sure you'd need to do anything differently - - maybe the istps feel differently ? but it's nice w / two logicals ... let's clear this up . by me saying 1 individual istp was likely a sociopath , i'm in no way saying that all istps are - - nor was i implying that a majority were - - simply that 1 that i knew was . so ... i was not blaming all istps , nor was i saying they are all sociopaths . and i bolded my question . so i disagree . ok so here's a typical enfp / istp story . i'm sorry if this is too much drama , then you can just ignore it . i bolded the main point below , if you don't want to read it all . i am curious to get some ... thank you all for your advice . this is hard . why can't the istps just take an art class or go to the nail salon ? sigh . it seems i'll be spending some time at the home depot . i'm going to ... a question for all of your istps ... i meet a lot of people ( who tend to be the other 15 personality types ) , but istps often seem hidden away in some mystical land . i'd like to meet more of you , ... all of our lovable characteristics can be hated by certain people . someone who needs warmth , sensitivity , new ideas , social finesse , would of course love us . someone who has no need for these things , ... i'd say you're not screwed so long as you recognize that you might have some extra learning to do - - and be open to learning that . we are all very influenced by what we learned as kids . the only ... you guys like enfps . best . you know it :) i'm curious about your working style . i love working for myself , but i've had to get used to my energy spurts and work with ( not against ) myself . the problem is , the entp is being themselves , and the enfp gets offended . we are deceptively similar at first . then the differences come up ... the differences make the enfp horrified at the entp ( how ... i think i'm ready to leave now . it seems he is emotionally abusive . we're on a vacation , and he just left me on the street . we didn't evne have a fight . he wasn't speaking to me for hours ( as ... i think her persona is estp . and her actual personality is istp . it just hit me last night when i was out w / my female friend who is an istp , but also very artsy ( she writes poems , etc - - yes ... that last line really sums it up . my main goal in love is to find a woman who i can stand . i don't know why , but i find that to be very funny . that would be hilarious to write that in an online ... thank you all so much . it's refreshing to hear this . i'm starting to look at temporary places to move out to . so we figured out the actual problem : he is only comfortable being around people ... ya , i'd say that as an istp , your most compatible people are going to be good at maintaining relationships ( such as enfps :) . so do your best ( of course ) , but just be yourself . enfps like the ... thank you all ! helpful stuff . i appreciate the support . :) i'm going to try a lot of these suggestions and see what happens . for now , i'm spending most of my time away from home ... ya , you guys are right . i think he's seriously screwed up . he said his family hangs out but they don't look at , or speak to , each other at all . they can spend an entire day ( s ) ignoring each other , ... it sounds like something is way off . maybe you're not really ready for a serious relationship ( which is what living together , is ) . if you want most of your time alone , then just stay single ! there's ... ya that's good advice . we've lived together about 8 months . it's been like this most of that time , though he is sometimes super nice . there is really no middle ground . it's great , or horrible . ... it's interesting when you guys smile , you look like extroverts to me ! unless it's the smile / smirk . ya i agree with this . i always try to not say anything damaging , no matter how angry i am . i have slipped a few times , but i regret it . i agree it damages relationships to do that . he thinks it's ... i appreciate the responses , all . it's reassuring to know that's not an istp quality . is it possible that an istp who is scared about their future / scared of life in general / depressed , could channel ... how do you tell apart an emotionally-unhealthy istp from just a regular istp ( who isn't the best w / communication ? ) for instance , would you all tear someone apart verbally ( call them names , make ... i think as i've gotten older , i can really tell how my behavior comes across to others . so it's rare anyone thinks i've crossed any lines . i'm always friendly , but i stop short of giggling ... '