' just fine ? we should try to change that to at least a little better than fine , shouldn't we ? * slides over * how you doin ' . all in a day's work . chai tea ! ~ yes , yes , yes . i love me some chai . hmm ... having no hands or having no feet ? mibble i can help ! ! ! 646546 when you're posting you'll see these buttons at the top right . the one that looks like a reel of film and the one that looks like a picture of a tree to the left of it ... oh my stars and garters , what a sudden , yet delightful turn of events ! 646474 6464 58 i'd have to go with enfj as well , because they're just so cool ! they're so incredibly talented at working the crowd ( and at getting what they want ) but mostly the part where they have so much natural ... well if it's a party you want , it's a party you get ! * starts putting up streamers , one of those spinny light things , and a disco ball * what is this madness that is happening in here ? it looks like a party so i'm entirely on board with it ! falling foxesi just wanna say that your profile picture is super cute . =) this cute dog gave me life . there's a building that looks like this near where i live ! i'll have to take a picture of it . =) been listening to a few songs from hamilton . this song here is somewhat heartbreaking , but also heartwarming as well in a strange way . and this ... here's my enfj playlist if anyone wants to have a listen ! i have one for all the nf types . i'm an infp personally , so ... camping tents ! i love camping ; it's so relaxing to be alone ( or with someone close ) in the woods for a few days . =) driving for 30 minutes or riding in a blimp for 30 minutes ? hey everyone , so i've taken the myers briggs test a few times now and each time i've gotten inf strongly each time but i've gotten practically 50/50 between p and j . ( legit 49 % / 51 % ) i've read up on ... well , i would say that a great example of an infp game would be something like life is strange . although i do not like where the last episode went , i do believe the game to contain a perfect ... absolutely beautiful . and incredibly fascinating ! i was tapping my feet and used it help me get my focus back to work on a project so i'm gonna go ahead and give it a 7/10 . it's not what i'd normally listen to , but it was enjoyable and helped me to ... these are pretty darn good ! thank you ! i've added quite a few of them ! =) hot cocoa with whipped cream for certain . jump 2000 years into the future or 2000 years into the past ? some beautiful music from an absolutely beautiful game . enjoy =) 494034 i took this screenshot in a beautiful game called firewatch . =) i've actually taken it off of the collaborative feature briefly while i edit it down a little bit . if you or anyone have any requests of songs i should remove ( or add ) please continue to let me know ... this is actually really awesome ! thank you for posting . =) 488386 ^ 6/10 . in terms of whether or not i personally enjoyed it , i have to admit that it's not really the type of music i listen to on the regular . however , it's not a * bad * song .  ...  gay guy here ! currently just starting out in a relationship ... sort of ... we've been dating for like ... 2 months ? but we're both infp so it's kind of not going anywhere fast . xd which might be good ? ... milkystar i really really liked that . thank you for sharing it ! 388258 you must all play life is strange ! ! it's the most infp video game i have ever played in my entire life . the game will rip your heart out and leave you begging for more . i'm so anxious waiting for the ... i love how if anyone looked at my music , they'd think i'm into parties and bangers but honestly ... nope . i just like music with a lot of energy . ... i used to get in trouble a ton for talking to my friend and passing notes back and forth instead of actually paying attention . we would role-play that were were aliens visiting earth and we would ... 6/10 i'm not sure ... it didn't click with me so i'm not giving it a very high mark . but there's also nothing really wrong with it , so i don't want to go too low either . as a song , it is adequate , ... i know / like this song ! 8/ 10 . it's very pleasant to listen to . good taste . =) it also gives me a vague sense of nostalgia for some reason . 6/10 : it's smooth and i did enjoy it somewhat , however it is not the type of music that i would listen to very often . wasn't really a fan of the vocals . i did like the beat though . ... i've been listening to this soundtrack on repeat since i first watched the movie yesterday . how did i ... you are very welcome . i enjoy doing it . =) you say you'd like disturbed on there ? any particular songs ? same question for the other bands as well . i will listen to them as i get time and make ... i love the idea of this . = 3 1 . favorite plant , tree , or flower : 363010 2 . favorite food : 363018 pifanjr oh my god . i've needed this . thank you ! reluctanine i use an app called zombies , 5k and zombies , run ( start with 5k because it trains you ) and it basically turns exercising into a game with a really good story to boot . =) i also ... axwell rhubarb is an absolutely beautiful song . inspires thought and introspection . thank you for sharing . i think it would also go well paired up with old home movies ... although that might make ... combines two of my loves . oh wonder and some deep beats . =) '