' - anna family and friends see : people at work see : at social ... - anna ac1pecahduuygtu7p07x1ls - anna no , not necessarily . any relationship can become problematic , s or n . i have dated two istjs , and communication wasn't a problem . both times i just lost interest . i think its better to have someone ... oh christ , that explains a lot . - anna  ... - anna - anna i barfed a little in my mouth when i saw the thread title . - anna 2 - anna i appreciate the compliment , thank you :) . and i have to agree with you ... balance is essential , especially for people who are more prone to acting on emotions . being around really strong feelers can ... - anna i too have a istj brother , and he went through a similar phase . i had to approach him in a calm manner and act relaxed about everything he was doing . at first he tried to get a reaction of some sort , ... i am sandwiched between f and t . i'm able to rationalize my emotions . not all feelers are airheads ;) - anna thats just poor manners . yeesh . and really it comes down to the feeler's ability to look at the facts presented to them as just that : facts . there is no hidden message behind them ! i am friends with ... - that a man was swallowed by a great fish and survived the ordeal . - the strong ocean current near the bridges would slice me up into little pieces . - gremlins lived in large potted plants . - anna magistrate . - anna 1.blue 2.green 3.gold 4.orange - anna 62977 turned my cat into a meme . :P - anna i'm on skype right now if anyone wants to talk . :-) - anna you will do fine :) . i took martial art lessons for a couple of years , it really builds your endurance and confidence . - anna - anna everyone is different . it would be nice to put us in categories , at times . for me i am sandwiched between intj and infj ... no one is going to be a perfect score for any type ! if there were only ... - anna verbal affirmation : good . no verbal affirmation : bad . - anna you are very brave . :) i am so happy you are on the road to recovery . - anna i would set up a time to hang out every other week . if they have a date to fall back on , that should lessen their constant badgering . my friend [ enfj ] was just as confused , and started feeling hurt ... its quite possible , especially if she is going through something difficult , or the people surrounding her fail to keep up their end of the friendship . both of those things will make me edgy over ... yup . people die . - anna nearly every inch of us on the line plucking on the string of everything that could have been such unrest future just factors of our lives tham ja murh ja naseeb . [ minds without fear ] [ - the ... i love that this thread is all about analyzing the my little pony mbtis , roflmao ! - anna - anna i'm puzzled . the two infps i met in person were not the most stable individuals [ so , really , typing them is probably moot . ] they did initially give me pause as to whether or not i should try ... i think the being used part is common in anyone afflicted with what i call the , nice disease . it happens , and it hurts , but it has made us who we are as individuals . never forget that . - anna abmsnw - 52ksvxvm5xthr0 - c - anna - anna to address the first two reasons : thats why i would prefer to elope or have a wedding with only the immediate family present . is any of that other stuff really necessary ? it would make me incredibly ... - anna dear isfp , are you really as nice as you seem to be ? its a bit unnerving . stop making me like you . regards , anna mood summed up : - anna i am far from being all-knowing . i like to think i am very good at educated guesses ;) . there have been times i have been completely wrong , everyone has been there . makes you cringe thinking back ... i don't really have a type . everyone has something to bring to the table . my best friend is a intj , and i get along with them best . enfjs are hilarious , at times annoying , but they grow on you ... - anna i don't hang out on any of those sites , except for twitter . short , sweet , to the point . - anna - what are 3 things that annoy you ? disrespectful / rowdy children , smacking , walking behind someone who is smoking , and the smoke engulfs your face . bleh . - do you exercise regularly ? four to five ... - anna i want to suspend a harness from the ceiling and paint walls . bounce back and forth . - anna  ... - anna '