' hey fellow infps , got a quick question . can someone's love cure a loved one's depression ? your thoughts , please and thanks . i'm a cancer moon , does that count ? ... i'll go search crabby and see what my shell and i can crawl into today . my ethos tells me sanders , my pathos tells me trump , my logos tells me clinton . i'm still undecided and will be until election day . oneness which i found through experiences eating mushrooms as a teenager . great times . our imaginations are our strongest muscle in our weak bodies . we're metaphoric juice heads ( people who use steroids ) historical tyrant in my nightmares , great man theory guy in my dreams i'll admit he's interesting , im studying an analysis of henry kissinger who was influenced by kant's noumena and phenomena as well as moral and hypothetical imperatives . pretty interesting yet hard ... any infps here a fan of his thoughts ? well of course we do lol . our psychological shadow thats domineering and dogmatic lol . ive never been to that part of my mind but heres an example of my dark side . i went to a priest yesterday ... fawnliest , an infp in ap english , go figure lol . as for gpas , mine was handicapped in the negative throughout my high school days and im not embellishing one bit . i dont even know i graduated ( i ... well my mind never stops churning . i dont have a . d . d and was tested as a kid . i recently talked to a priest and he told me to slow down my thought process but i've got a healthy does of stuborn self ... can any infps here relate to me on this ? i've always been a naturally apathetic person but in a jolly way . underachivement in school , lack of motivation at work ( if the task didn't interest me ) , ... i enjoy necessary evil , did i answer your question ? some do and some don't . im not talking about prisoners or citizens of authoritive nations but here in your normal life . think about the people who determine their lives by the views of others . their ... i asked myself what the meaning of life was as a teenager and the answer i got was in the question . its up to you to make meaning in your life , that was the best conclusion i could get . here's ... because deep down us infps are sociopaths . seriously though , i'm not sure but compassion for animals ive had my whole life . carnivores on nat geo docs disturb me more than gory movies and the few ... let us idealists be realistic for a moment . we're pretty self absorbed and considered very subjective with strong altruistic and empathetic qualities too . hence my id theory . id doesnt have to be ... than why is fi considered the least understood just as psychology still hasnt grasped the unconscious ? granted morals and values can be abstract but you can still grasp them . fi in my opinion is ... but we're introverts , we have a hard time acting at all . should i rephrase my question as is introverted feeling the child of the id and or oceanic feeling ? fuck no so would our untamable and beastly imaginations be ruled more by the ego or super ego in your opinion ? are we ruled by it relatively more than the ego and super ego ? maybe not logical as its conventional definition but i can frame a very reasonable argument in a sarcastic manner and school others on other forums i visit . i keep my dark side out of this light ... i honestly love it . it's the most wondeful time of the year but el nino's putting a damper on the weather aspect . i can't blame the nino though , it must be the birthday boy and his father's will that ... great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds . - einstein . i've always liked this quote and believes it applies to this subject . does your imagination beat popular fiction ? for instance , recently my friends reccomended that new nazi alternate history show on netflix because im a history buff and as much as i thought that it ... my good sense of humor , i was a big wise ass as a kid and did upset some with my humor . deep down i'd never want to hurt someone's feeling and to me it was all tounge in cheek but its also a stange ... i took the similar minds ' mbti test in 2006 , between then and now i've retaken other mbti tests and have always gotten infp . i tested intp once last year and i was either lying to myself or i as an ... try to accept them and if i can't i repress them to the point of neurosis . thesonderer's human nature infps , what's your opinion of human nature ? its on permanent crutches with a black eye , knocked out piano key teeth and a disheveled hand bandage . ever read any ray kurzweil ? i can relate , its totally internal . real nice too so ive heard in the past that infps and intjs have a strange affinity for eachother , would any infps be willing to explain this peculiarity ? now before you naysay , i'll ask you to use your creative ... thanks for the response happy snowman , i don't want to get off topic but when you mentioned language i thought about another philosopher , giambattista vico , have you ever read him ? if not i would ... for infps familiar with nietzsche , whats your opinion of him ? ive always been interested in his ideas ( kind of reminds me of infps supposed good relations with intjs ) and would like to know your ... walter mitty and doug funnie on the fictional side , stephen colbert on the non fictional side . i've never came off as an emo male , very few people see my emotions . i just went alittle sensitive with that so i guess i lied . * * puts forehead in hand * * i've read up on schizoid personality disorder and could relate on the autonomy and loner aspects but schizoids are devoid of feeling where infps as introverted as our feelings may be , are and will ... yup , my mind never shuts off including trying to fall asleep . i overthink trying to fall asleep and i envy people who can fall asleep in an instance . is it hard for you to ? infp's have the empathy thing going for us but i mean connecting on an individual level where you actually feel understood by another human being . it's rare for me , how about ... to show the self unaware's irony i'm starting at 25 ( i was in the military ) and have my doubts still . i have a serious problem studying subjects that have no interest to me . i plan on majoring in history or international relations ... in my world i enjoy it but in the real world its not as easy , i think us infps are walter mittys come to life . i don't besides for this forum and a few others . i had a myspace for about six months and got bored of it back in 2006 . i finally made a facebook a few years later and after about a year i deleted ... best : english , my mind flows . worst : math , my left brain is on a set on permanent crutches . favorite : history , its a subject i still enjoy studying today and will probably always . daydream , accept others , come up with creative and original ideas from the first verb i listed . i'd like a 7 footer , i'm a straight male coming in at 5 ' 9 and a half . heat of the moment - asia ... too lazy to post the video but a good 80s song none the less '