' out of all names ... argie ? ! ( i actually really dig it . well welcome . i guess . eww . : sad : just kidding . : tongue : kind of . your chin may be up but the ocean tides will rise one day and the water will soon creep down the very chords of your neck until you drown . call out to a lifeguard . scream at the top of your lungs ... i'm glad this is what you enjoy doing in your spare time . anyways i really appreciated the op's post . my best friend is an infj and she feels guilty because entps always give infjs so much love ... make me # 2 ! i don't think i'm shallow or morally bankrupt for watching reality television . i think elimination reality shows are very exciting . take a pool of 20 , dwindle it down to 1 . i love ... i am sorry you are bitter about your experiences with isfjs but you cannot let your scorn cloud your judgment . this is a necessary step you plan to continue pursuing your studies in mbti . unless ... the only reason you guys are defending her is because you're afraid of being backtraced and reported to the cyberpolice ! ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha : tongue : : happy : i can't even begin to tell you how happy i am that somebody else feels this strongly about that conviction . it's weird because i look at others and i realize that i would never want to be anyone else but myself . i feel like i just care more , matters not pertaining to materialism . but then i look at myself ... i know i'm an infp , but i have honestly never related to the idea that people have to walk on eggshells around infps to not offend their ethical standpoints and what not . on a lot of descriptions ... aww , well i like you ! : tongue : you pose the most interesting topics on this forum imo , so thank you ! i wasn't suggesting anybody was competing for thanks ... i was saying that the general atmosphere on the site as a result of public thanks makes it feel competitive . the system is , not the people . ... while it's nice to be thanked , it's extremely annoying for people to be like ugh my post count sucks ! when there is an immense number of people on this site that don't have the 1:2 , 1:1 ratio that ... hmm , i really like all of these suggestions . i used to do cross country and i do notice that my mind was a lot calmer back then . : crazy : i love music , i just need to find the right kind ... completely spot on ! i'll call her and she'll be like ahh i'm so stressed and i'll be like yeah i'm freaking out and it will be about how we did on a test . but then she will go into detail about ... and i figured maybe another infp could understand my struggle ? so i'm the type of person that's always has too many thoughts jumbled in his heads . it makes me anxious when i wake up in the morning ... thank you ! i thought i was alone ! all the infps seem so ... meek on the outside . but i get soo peeved . my biggest pet peeves are when people ignore me , call me a liar , but most of all , tell me ... hi . my friend is an enfj and she is also the child of a really messy divorce . she is being forced to live with her mom who terrifies her so much that she had to sleep at a friend's house last night ... you have a crush on x and absolutely refuse to talk to x because you want to seem cool and hard to get . then you find out a month later from a friend that x thought you were a creep all along ... i would expect any ixtx to have a fervency for video games , along with some instinctual talent . the first type that comes to my mind is istp . i know that when i was a bit younger i played halo ... welcome henry ! ... : happy : thank you nyx ... that was very insightful ! and thank you too rowing . i know that when i'm tired , stressed out , or overwhelmed i will usually retreat . i may go on a bike ride or dance by myself ... because i am 100 % positive i'm an intuitive feeler ... but i am unsure about the e / i j / p dichotomies ... i will try to make this short . when i was in eighth grade i remember taking this test and ... uhh wuuut i know like 10 infj's really we ; l ( confirmed by the official test ) ... one of them is my best friend on the entire universe ( not to mention she stalks some of my perc posts : crazy :) ... hmm , interesting point . thank you ! : laughing : but i have a close i / e score ... : sad : : sad : two things irk me about enfps ( from the ones i have seen ... please don't get upset at people who vent in this thread . you came here knowing broad , possibly false generalizations would be made ... this ... gorgeous ! but yeah the johnny depp pictures was eerily congruent to my every day face . everyone thinks i'm in another world or something happened . i'm usually pretty happy , but when i try to ... you really can't be acting defensive about wicked queen's opinion ... i mean you came on to this thread knowing that gross generalizations were going to be made in the first place , correct ? i find ... well firstly , i can include the outfit in his type analysis . they make it a point in the show to articulate spongebob's morning routine and to illustrate his satisfaction when he slips into the same ... ok so i know nobody cares but i felt this had to be said : ne and fe are also functions of the isfj , esfj , and intp , but most prevalent in the esfj and entp . spongebob realistically seems much ... lol these descriptions are harsh ... but totally true . . too common ! : tongue : sloan is very accurate ! i work with kids from a really affluent neighborhood on the weekend and i admit ... i've had some pretty disturbing images of what i'd like to do to them . the water's disgusting ! it comes from the ... isfj is my favorite type ! i really feel most natural with isfjs . i also really feel i can give back a lot of advice and myself to help the isfj out , as they have the uncanny ability to make me feel ... spongebob - enfj . he is way too anal retentive to be a p ... he has panic attacks if he arrives a minute late to work and enjoys the tedium of his structured job . he wears the same clothes , uses the ... i might have been a loner but the other five people in my family are extroverts , four of these extroverts being extroverted judgers . when i was in middle school i would spend hours alone wandering ... no , keep it ! i wasn't reading carefully enough to pick up on that . i gush over generosity . i say thank you till i'm yelled at to stop . little things do it for me ... yes , replace one of the haphazardly's . but other than that , i love the bitter tone of this piece . i think it truly shuttles the reader back into the minds of a real warrior with an inner moral ... i'd rely on my adorableness ( which i dislike doing but is necessary for me to feel comfortable around strangers ) and be like hi , i'm drew ! i'd love to be your friend ! : blushed : * cheesy smile * ... i can't even begin to tell you how un-infp he sounds ... are you sure he is not kidding ? well if he is an infp , try to avoid telling him directly to stop . that can injure his feelings and make him ... lol i really want this thread deleted i don't know how please ignore this ... since like nobody answered . hate to jump on the bandwagon but : your political compass economic left / right : -7.00 social libertarian / authoritarian : -8.26 though i think that there was a poll put up a little while ago ... he screams istp to me . a thrill-loving competitive poker player who values honesty and dedication to loved ones ? a quiet , brute , but stubborn force that nobody would dare mess with ( or with his ... i don't understand how anybody could act critical towards this . but anywho , i really enjoyed analyzing these results for myself , very thought-provoking and thorough ! thank you so much for the ... congratulations skycloud ! haha : blushed : i love this thread ... my thoughts are as follows : mario - enfp luigi – isfp peach – infj bowser – entj toad – enfj toadette - enfj yoshi - esfj wario – estp '