' my heart yearns for one so far as distant , it seems , as a far-off star i have a heart , so filled with love she's always the one , i'm thinking of i look at her life and i see much pain i would ... [ deleted ] it depends on what you mean by mask . i don't have a desire to appear to be something i'm not , and i actively avoid situations and circumstances where i would feel pressured to do such a thing , but i ... the only one who could put up with me . can be a bit hard-headed at times , but still my soulmate : when walking past a couple who are walking side by side , and they'd rather run me off the sidewalk or make me have to scrunch to the side of the aisle rather than one of them walking behind the other ... i'm unhappy , and when i imagine what it would take to be happy , it always ends up being things that are external . things that , invariably , have to come from other people in one way or another . i ... an example of the kind of thing i find really funny is people put into unusual / unconventional / absurd circumstances where you can see their reactions , like in the following videos ; the more ... i don't / won't / can't smile on command . for me , smiling is an involuntary emotional response to something ; usually amusement , pleasure , happiness , euphoria , etc . i see smiling as being akin to ...  humor is a funny thing for me . funny as in peculiar , not funny as in humorous since that would be obvious and redundant , kind of like this sentence . it seems that when i usually try to be funny , it ...  i wonder , what would it be like to not know what time of day it is ? or the day of the week ? the month , or even the year ? imagine being locked away inside a building such that these pieces of ... my answer to this would vary somewhat depending on my mood which consequently changes my outlook . in my current mood , i would say that i recognize that there are some good individuals in the world ... hunk of shit . i wish life had a quick save / quick load system like video games do . i think i would be so much more open to do and try different things if the risks were mitigated . if something didn't turn out ... underbellies .  my emotional state is so precarious , an insult from some random stranger on the internet makes me want to engage in indulgent yet self-destructive behavior . i wish i wasn't so weak . i wish i had a ... orgasms .  when i walk into a restaurant , i want to smell food ; delicious , glorious food . i want my mouth watering before i even see a menu ( a clean one , please ! ) . i like tangy barbecue sauce ; i want it to ... idyllic intimacy incorporating incredibly impassioned indulgence . fe , fi , fo , fum . no , i've never tried a bacon shake but i've heard of them and i want to try one . i love peanut butter . i like to eat it just plain ; out of the jar ; with a knife ; and i lick the knife clean each ... i like to dip my french fries in my milkshake . i've also been known to dip sausage links in chocolate pudding . also , after previously using a bowl to eat ice cream , i enjoy eating something else , ... i was given an iq test by a psychiatrist when i was a teenager and i recall scoring 90 - something . i r dum .  euphoria . i seem to often question the meaning of things . i don't mean meaning in a deep sense , but for example if someone asks me something like are you good at math ? i find myself reluctant to answer ... i'm filled with self-pity , which consequently makes me feel shame knowing how much worse many people have it than i do . i wish i could somehow live the lives of people much worse off than me for a ... if i'm watching tv and adjust the volume on a tv set that has numbers associated with the volume , i have a compulsion to only leave the volume on numbers that are prime . omg , the volume is on 12 ! ? ... cats . no ...  my verbosity has been a focus of my introspection on many occasions . i've often maintained that it takes me a paragraph to say what others typically say with a sentence , and a page to say what ... i've never taken the actual official mbti test , but i've mistyped as most of the 8 introverted types at one time or another on various online tests . this is primarily because i used to have ... sometimes i have the general feeling that my life is some kind of experiment whereby unseen people above are subjecting me to various stimuli to see how i react . i'm not delusional enough to really ... i wish i somehow had the ability to completely remove any memory from my mind about anything , for example a favorite song , so that i could listen to it again as if for the first time . why do things seem to come easiest to those who already have them ? those most eligible for loans , have enough money that they don't need to borrow any . the most hire-able people aren't the ... i feel perpetually disappointed in just about everything . i feel let down by life , family , friends , society , situations , circumstances , and most of all , myself . i happened upon this graphic ...  '