' stargazing :) hello , nice to meet you :) is it from ikea ? i'll need to know that . jesus , us intp's can be ridiculous . despite the fact that he's an intp , he's also a man . and it seems like he has no balls . so damn right you should start seeing other people , why the hell did you ... i guess that's me too . lol , but i just describe it as caribbean , sounds more exotic :) yes , hello . hi magma :) maaaybe personality type come into play a little bit . i personally love hugs , the real proper ones . or absolutely no hug at all . i don't like fake or half hearted hugs . yeh i figured but i couldn't find any for some reason . you can just link any here if see find any . ingredients rice ( i used basmati easy cook ) 1 egg handful of baby spinach leaves 3 baby tomatoes tuna quarter of one yellow pepper black pepper sea salt squeeze of lemon yes , or that ;p i don't know , you haven't said much else about her other than she's intp . just find out what she's into and stuff . you know what ? maybe * gasp * maybe , just tell her you like her ... how about that ! ... wow that was awesome . i don't think i can help you but i just wanted to say , those two last paragraphs were beautiful , poetic to me . i want to start this thread for my fellow intp's to post what they are reading , or what they would recommend others to read . so i'll start ! looking forward : ... a guy to take care of me and have fun with and make me healthy meals and green juice :) it's surprising how people do that ... just make up the rest of someone's name . i wonder if they're crazy or something lol haha , i sometimes dream about being called sherlock ... would be nice once in a while :) i just finished reading this , it's awesome . read it if you like , it's only 121 pages it would be nice if everyone stopped trying to fixing things for just one day . everyone has their idea of how the world should be or what the world needs or ' if everyone just behaved like this , then ... uuugh , tell me about it . i had an interview the other day at some company . it's one of those companies that no matter how much they describe what they do you still don't know what the fcku they do ... i like intj's : happy : how do you feel about your name ? do you like it ? have you changed it or altered it in any way ? does your name suit you ? does it have sentimental meaning to you ? does it describe you ? do you even care ... awsome sci-fi films , electronic music . ... and the fact that i can't go and live on the moon for a bit . ... i may be a robot ? ok , i did cry watching ' my friend totoro ' and ' barbie swan lake ' ... when i find the right kind of guy , i'm awesome to date . its only happened once before in my life . i'm just kind of stuck now really , i've been too busy being a recluse for a long time and i have no ... 25th december because obviously we're more important than jesus and all that stuff ! ... einsteins birthday is a good idea as well . aaagh . i'm living in the worst place possible for someone like me . ok i'm exaggerating slightly . but i just can't take it sometimes . the city i live in is just ... not really , writing isn't my thing . i love reading though . i think i will try writing something one day though , if it turns out to be rubbish at least i can say i tried . hehe , that sounds nice . you should go for it ... if you feel like it . like arcaeus said i definitely felt like that . i did my enneagram . it was type 8 i think . but when i read it , i didn't really care to be honest . reminded me of horoscopes . i do feel like this often times . but i have accepted that people may not understand me . and i've stopped expecting them too . i just be myself , and actually , now and again someone comes along that ... hi , i had a pc account before , but that was a while ago and i wasn't that active actually . anyway , coping with life has been hard in the meanwhile . i thought it would be nice to join this site again ... my cousin just went away to uni yesterday , and she has no idea that she is one of the best things in my life and that i am going to miss her so much . the last few years since she has been in college ... hi , welcome . we live in the same city :) i was hoping to make friends on this website but i haven't . i was hoping to make friends on a number of online websites but i haven't . maybe it's me , maybe i need to do something different or try ... me the same , the last time i had friends ( for real ) was when i was a child . i just can't find anyone to hang out with now . and a lot of people talk to me because of how i look but i don't want people ... hi , welcome :) when you skip over stories of girls talking about their boyfriends . ha ! i can't even begin . this question will bring back my existential depression , don't even get me started ! ... omg i wouldn't know what the hell to do with a girl either ! ! lol yeah i agree with you , i'm not decided , i don't care for drawing conclusions . and i didn't even bother to watch through any of the films . i mainly just like the idea of working towards something that ... by the way fellow intps , have you heard of the venus project . i heard of it a while ago now and strayed from it for a while but listening to jacque fresco on youtube recently , he actually points out ... congrats , i'm intp too , and i am not opposed to having babies , if it ever happens , i would love it ! yeh , i find sports games annoying . i play wii sports with my cousin though cos we have fun doing that , and the fact that it's interactive makes it a bit less pointless . do you play video games ? which ones do you like best ? or do you play any type of other games , board , computer , brain training games ... ? i quit like video games , now and again , to take my mind off ... 1 ) how frequent is this type of depression in your life ? it's always there . it has been bothering me an insane amount especially the past few months . 2 ) how do you resist this type of depression ? ... i say b * * * i wanted strawberries ! ! ! good food , winter , thunder storms , people that get sciency jokes , having good friends that just care . i do it but this question just made me realise how stupid it is . i just do because i have been conditioned to . it probably came from some old superstitious beliefs that are clearly not relevant in ... < a href = target = _blank > < img src = border = 0 ... '