' i think we better discuss i with stupid types . we have to help them understand how their stupidity ruins a logical discussion . i'm wondrin how old are u intruders the system makes us less spontaneous . and in my case , it led to my obesity . when i procrastinate , i stay in my bed the entire day . intp is a malady . in my case , i don't conclude easily . in fact , i tend to second guess my self . analysis-paralysis most of the time . we're not judgmental . lol i think you should change the title from the most intelligent to most assuming types . i just can't get it , why some people are very eager to air out their so-called iq , online . anxiety as a disease that has to be eradicated . can you recommend a pdf file that has something to do with anxiety disorders ? i have the innate propensity for a 100 % isolation . but i think your suggestion will help . i was clumsy in my work . there is huge consequence / s if found guilty of misconduct . i am anxious all day . seeing negative possibilities wherever i look . i tried to be calm , cool and collected , but it ... how are you , son goku ? i wonder how thin your skin is . where's freedom of speech in america ? feels like china is everywhere . the one below me is smeagol . i feel insecure when stopping the rational side of everything . whoever posts last , wins . i can't stop my brain neurons from dispensing too much calories even during sleeping hours . it intensifies during reading sessions and listening to whatever kind of discourses . i am very prone to ... i don't have the appetite to argue with anyone below 115 . i can waive the crime against the grammar police . is he smartass ! additional thought : there is something called operational art . it is a cluster of tactics , clearly , not a form of strategy . the us , being the only dominant superpower , is boasting its ultra modern ... read my sig . we're helpless . strategy ( greek στρατηγίαx 97stratēgia , art of troop leader ; office of general , command , generalship [ 1 ] ) is a high level plan to achieve one or more goals under conditions of uncertainty . from ... 98 % of statistics are made up on the spot . of course i can read that . intps are no weaker than intjs are you trying to bully me ? i'll report you to prometheus i know , and he sounds convincing , though i'm half embarrassed . why do i have this feeling that intps are gays . i felt like mind fucked . seriously and personally , i am surprised with this . because i am the calloused intp type . no problem for intps . you lack sex . intps share same issues . what i usually do is artificial stimulation of my dorsal appendage using my bare hands . dude , it works . these things makes my life colorful . well , in my poor analysis of your high quality explaination regarding the topic , you seem to imply that you give everything at your disposal just to get things done , no matter how dirty it could get ... or maybe you're entp you don't get my point . but we share the same hatred towards mediocrity . the only thing that intjs are good at is in dress code . intps dress like cons and retards . to simplify your extremely wordy deductions : intps are outside the box thinkers while intjs are the conventional fellas . you mean by hook or by crook ? intjs are full of humility ? is this consistent among the intjs ? don't harbor grudge in your heart . i am a friend . that's not science . just random numbers . science please . i want to understand the science behind intp outsmarting intj . if you want to educate an intp who's not realizing his / her full potentials yet , you can do it here . seems like i've got a fan . you are mean . you're a girl right ? the coolest intjs i know are thugs . exactly . but pouring in so much time with mbti is on a different league . i can read your mind . it would be unfair if you're thinking of pressing that ban button . '