' i know i've seen this asked before but it seems buried and i am unable to find it or any potential answers . basically i've been getting in more arguments lately ( yay ! ) , not bad ones but more like ... these look great , thanks guys ! though as much as i love sandwiches they mess me up a bit for some reason , i think it's the bread . same thing with peanut butter or nutella with honey or jelly ( though ... i'd like to hear some very simple to make meals , simple in my terms doesn't have to mean quick , such as soups which cook for a long time but require little tending . preferably cheap and somewhat ... never could get addicted to cigs , i smoked for about a year , about 5 max a day then quit cold turkey . if i smoked any more than 5 in a day i would just get sick . i do enjoy it though , except the ... the main reason i watch anime is because it seems to be the best way to clean out the ol ' tear ducts and let the man tears flow . while i have no problem admitting it , even irl , i would never show ... not concerned , and this is coming from a guy who doesn't like to hang around the microwave as silly as that is . if there is any cause for concern it's to those who talk on their cell phone all the ... anime : legend of galactic hero's live action : predator ? so many great movies , i never saw the original but i loved the new the day the earth stood still . heroic age ( anime ) is also a really ... promontory - the last of the mohicans wow ... as a teenager i thought i was about 30ish , now that i am almost 30 , i think i am a teenager that needs more maturing . all time favorite is still old man's war by john scalzi ... more space opera i am into are the culture series by ian m . banks , and the honor harrington series by david weber . another great that is ... star wars fans + carbon fiber enthusiasts = carbon fiber stormtroopers | carbon fiber gear i can think of a few more styles they could have done instead of the stormtrooper , but they sure did it ... i curious who's been to one , and how you were while at the concert . did you really get into it like the rest of the crowd for example ? i've only been to one , and i just sat there while everyone ... just another in a long line of potential enemies . fantasize ? not really , but i think of how i'd like to meet that perfect someone , or even near perfect enough for a lasting relationship . alas , i just don't believe that person exists for me . same here ... my mood usually doesn't matter as i am indeed lethargic most of the time . but when the mood kicks in , i notice i make irrational decisions based on the then idea of it being perfectly ... in truth i find that i'll do well with math if it's explained to me well ... my highest math class was in high school and i all but failed that but then again the teacher wanted us to work out each ... out of curiosity is it that you have trouble showing your empathy rather than actually having empathy ? in general of course , obviously to me someone doesn't need my empathy if it's their own fault ; ... if they try to tear down my ideas and are not making sense in the process yes . but if they make me rethink my idea , or add finishing touches , then i'll love them . i tend to do that with someone on ... i can add single digits like a boss . sometimes . i'm also in the try to watch a show or movie to bring out an emotional reaction boat ... :P i've cried like a baby , and i enjoyed it . i'll admit to it like a man , but i'll never do it in front of ... a decent paying job , don't need crazy amounts of money but if i did i'd invest in worthy things not expecting much profit . travel . no debt . a good woman that cooks and cleans but gives me a hard ... i don't pay attention to what people call me ... i don't think anyone has called me a bad person before . in fact i am unsure what people think of me , though i think the majority like me enough to at ... i wish i could be like that , my verbal language is something new entirely . the words are mostly english and make sense to me , but most people end up with a weird look on their face . sometimes ... you look a lot like paul bettany the only good money tricks i know of is getting a job , and getting a second job . preferably easy ones . i wish i had time for a second job . you could freelance , contract , consult , etc ... depends ... this . as much as others grow and age so do you , so if you're the mature one in your age group now and continue to grow and learn into the future then you will probably continue being an outsider . i ... i really don't think i show any signs ... not good with that crap . how do you choose the right pair if you cannot see ? i mean i can now wear my contacts when i go in , but the other problem is what you look like in the mirror to yourself is different from how you ... every now and then i like to play this guys playlist , one day my guitar skills will surpass his ! there must be some place where i can upload a photo and see how different sets of glasses look on me . after getting my current set i couldn't help but feel that i have the pedo look and it creeps ... 10 more years to pay off my loans ... and i'll never have set foot in the job market i went for . before going to college i was told i promised the school would get me practically any job with just ... i'm trying to remember this bad ass musician ( or was bad ass from what i recall ) , he could play the hell out of the piano and guitar and in his music videos would do self inflicted wounds and crap . ... good question ... i wonder if she just needed to get something off her shoulders and didn't feel comfortable telling joe directly ? i dunno , i see people do things like this a lot and the others will ... only one class : cisco 1 - networking fundamentals i generally see ron paul as someone who doesn't put his personal opinions into federal law . for example , he doesn't like drugs ... but he doesn't want them enforced on the federal level but rather ... this has been a noble thread hi-jacking . : wink : i don't have any sleeping habits , that would require some kind of schedule . sometimes i work overnights , others i work afternoons , and now i have classes ... i'm tired of being tired . the best answer i could ever get was that the particle that gets ejected leaves with extra gravitational information to put it simply . but matter or antimatter , they are still made of energy and ... never fully understood the idea of loosing mass via virtual particles ... if two virtual particles pop into existence just outside the even horizon and one gets sucked in before the two eliminate each ... i lol'd ... i really hope this is a troll thread . edit : i just asked my co-worker if he thinks the planets mass would increase if the human population increased , he also assumed it would ... guess ... i think once politicians get their hands on something it's impossible to tell your own head from your ass afterwards . i've seen so much bullshit on either side of this story to just flat out be ... nujabes - mystline and his discography , kinda like elevator music done right : wink : ^ this . working at a helpdesk i have plenty of free time there too ( i try to put in my 15 minutes of actual work though outside the phones ) . right now i am spending 90 % of my freetime in rosetta ... still apathetically waiting ... age 28 : tongue : it's not a big deal to me , though it is getting to the point where if it does happen i'd probably be a bit wary and have a loss of confidence . but ... kenichi : the mightiest disciple is my favorite of all time , the only anime i can just pick up and watch when i have nothing else to do to pass time ... i just finished gurren lagann though , and it was ... in regards to what ? but i guess it depends on what i am thinking of , and doing . i notice in quick or heated arguments or debate i tend to react much slower and with more error , catching myself ... this ... i myself have been wondering if i may be an istp ... or maybe an infp . dawww ! if only kittens can stay kitten foireva ! here are pics of some kittens my cat had last year . i sure miss them . : frustrating : 20734 20735 20736 20737 netflix and reading are the major 2 ... i probably avg 9 hrs of either per day or a combo , if not more because i sometimes have plenty of free time at work . i also browse a lot of articles and ... moments ago i finished the iron druid chronicles by kevin hearne ... can't wait for the rest of the series to be published . short , fun , easy to read and probably my first foray into vampires , druids , ... '