' is she romantically interested in you ? an enfp that i met a few months ago recently told me that i'm her ideal guy ! ... i have a boyfriend ... is there any sense to be made of that ? people and their silly emotions make me laugh . car accidents kill far more people than any nuclear accident ( not including a nuclear war ) could possibly manage . no one thinks twice about jumping in ... really guys ? you think that osama being dead for several years is plausible ? ___ quick analysis : ( 1 ) several years ago , republicans had the presidency , and thus were the face of ... people can certainly change , but you can't change them . that said , there are many amazing people in the world . are you in high school or something ? all of you friends sound really immature . this thing utterly failed on me . i've been attempting to visualize a 4d + space-time-other coordinate system for too long . my conceptual visualization of higher ( > 3 ) dimensions is now an utterly ... 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte 4 harry potter series - jk rowling 5 to kill a mockingbird - harper lee 6 the bible 7 ... yes , i could have worded it differently , but why should i ? she took offense to my statement because she chose to . there was nothing in my statement that was an inherent value judgement upon her . ... people always call me arrogant , and i have never understood why . i do much better academically , and i know that ( though i don't brag about it ) . does that make me a better person overall ? no . ... ah , but you missed my point ( as any sane person would considering how badly my paragraph was worded ) . i'll try to phrase it more clearly . all the vocal atheists you know may be asses , but that is ... there is such an obvious sample bias here that i'm shocked you haven't noticed it . you consider argumentative atheists to be asses . however , atheists that don't speak out are almost certainly not ... well , i'm pretty much the next newton , but since not everyone can be that amazing , i don't like to brag too much . my interpretation of the responses . hey ! exactly what are you implying ? : tongue : i know i am not an expert , as i have repeatedly said . there is very little reliable information available to anyone , so i am not posting except to temper the more panicked responses . there is not ... this is why i dislike your posts . you provide a link showing the radiation dispersion across the united states . people go to the link , and see a graph that appears to show lots of radiation in ... are you invisible to all wavelengths of em radiation ? if you were , you couldn't be tracked by infrared , and you would be invulnerable to the radiation in space . that would be far more useful unfortunately , nothing is really reliable because even the experts are just guessing . the thing that stands out most to me in that report is that they estimate that the water level in the reactor ... chernobyl spread a lot of radiation to the surrounding area , yes , but it did not affect the united states because it is too far away . however , even the worst accident in nuclear history was only ... everything you eat contains radiation , in the form of a certain isotope of carbon . why aren't you freaking out about that ? the word that matters is harmful . i think you need to learn more about what ... for those of you who are scared , 1 microsievert is 10,000 times less than 10 millisieverts . there is absolutely nothing to worry about ( except for people who are really close to the reactors ) . i ... whoa ? two enfp atheists ? i thought that was like a once-in-the-lifetime-of-the-universe thing anyway , yea . atheists aren't persecuted in any of the places of the country that i have visited . the ... so i take it you dislike all the close minded believers as well ? or are you deluded to believe that anyone who disagrees with any idea is close-minded ? open-minded does not mean that you accept ... oh god , that sounds like a nightmare . a few dozen ? ! i am going to shoot the messenger , because you are polluting this thread with absolute trash . first , there have been no nuclear explosions as a result of this reactor crisis . please don't post ... 2 million times worse than chernobyl ? what ? i call bullshit , unless you explain that better . also , for some more conflicting information : iaea : no indication of nuclear reactor meltdown in japan | ... indeed . the cause is probably that the gov itself doesn't actually know what is happening . they are only making guesses . however , stratfor is the most reputable of the sources i've seen so far , so i ... i think there has been a bit of a misunderstanding in some of the responses . i don't often change what i say or stammer or anything similar . instead , as jbking mentioned , i choose a specific , ... this sounds very much like the concept of flow studied by mihaly csikszentmihalyi . basically , a state where you are wholly focused on the task at hand . you lose your concept of self and submerge ... i recently noticed that i tend to redefine words as i speak , as there is often no word for precisely what i wish to say . people then interpret based on the usual meaning and there is a ... i partially agree , but i must interject one thought . it is entirely possible that a thought train can become detached from reality , so doses of experience are required to confirm that your thoughts ... oh noes ! i finished every book on my list . does anyone have some other great books to suggest ? i read mostly nonfiction psychology , business , and performance-type books , such as : flow : the ... major : engineering mechanics minors : physics , math / generic i'm not saying that agnosticism is irrational . i'm saying that it is incoherent when agnostics say that atheism is just as irrational as theism . i don't see why agnostic seems to sit on the throne of rationality . there is no decent reason to suggest that , just because we probably can't know for sure , we can't form an opinion . you make ... haha wow . i completely forgot about the ceiling thing , but i used to do it too . it was extra fun because my house had interesting architecture and prickly ceilings : crazy : actually , this was one of my major problems with my mother . i do not want a cheerleader . i won't question their love , but instead their sanity / intelligence . even more important to me than feeling ... you can't be an engineer without a degree , so it's worth it for me . if a degree is required for what you really want to do , then it doesn't matter too much about the earnings difference . in my ... i am a very high intuitive ( ~ 90 % ) . my dad is a pretty solid sensor while my mom is a moderate intuitive . my dad , though he would never come up with my random thoughts on his own , immediately ... same . i figure that will change once i actually become interested in someone , but , this far into college , no one has really caught my attention . : mellow : i love thinking about sex though . i have ... built to last . business strategy gives me a hard on . i'm also looking for notes on the synthesis of form , as i've been told it is a must-read . has anyone heard of the latter ? i'm a pretty calm , nice person . i rarely voice criticisms of other people , and even when i notice something i dislike , i assume the best possible reason for the action . however , it does seem that , ... those conversations are fucking boring . no conversation at all is much better than a conversation about my day . also , intj's tend to hate talking about emotions , and i hate saying how i'm doing ... work with me is a pretty sure way to catch my notice . i also party , but act very non-intj . apparently , intjs are overrepresented among gym goers . maybe try there ? haha : tongue : intermediate dynamics modern physics computational methods operational methods intro to materials science entrepreneurship for engineers / scientists undergrad research it's going to be a fun ... your first clue . your second clue . etc . this is the textbook case of how to win a friend . sorry . gender norms are overrated . science and playing sports ( couldn't care less about watching ) are the only traditionally male activities that i really like . does that make less of a man ? meh edit - ... fixed . i don't know any intjs that dislike it . most love it . guaranteed success is ftw . while i don't make a spectator sport out of it ( yes , ceembee , i'm looking at you ) , i don't participate . i see no reason to limit my resolutions to a single time of year or make them because of an ... i act exactly the same as normal , which is generally fairly laid back ( a learned behavioral default ) . of the two other intj's i know , one becomes extremely silly and the other extremely quiet . ... '