' that we know of ... the problem with match questions on iq tests is you have to know the math first . iq should never be based on knowledge , and the best iq tests get rid of anything they possibly can which needs to be ... i like how they murdered nietzsche . its funny because this is actually what some people believe existentialism means . i do hear and understand what everybody is saying . deep down i always knew , but debating can b fun ( when the other party is following proper debate procedures ) and if i can enlighten an individual ... i have actually helped out a lot of people . i want to join in , but once i start nostalgia'ing i have a hard time stopping myself ... 90 % of the time when i lose a match in pokemon its due to critical hits or other random chance elements in the game . bars that are filled with young people not knowing how to enjoy their drink and making spectacles of themselves . and i'm an intp who found an intj girl ! seriously though to any fellow intp's , get yourself an intj . it will be very fun . we only tell others were smarter then them because we aren't 100 % sure about it ourselves and need somebody else to agree with the statement to feel secure in our intelligence . am i really that ... i have been debating a lot of people on youtube recently ( we all know how it goes ) and i am flabbergasted by the severe lack of knowledge most of those i try correcting are plagued with . its as if ... as long as a person is constructive and relevant with their criticisms , nothing will phase me . if people try to make things personal , or are clearly trying to ridicule me , i will get upset . what ... sorry to hear that . i would go with brain damage . otherwise your video will get tons of down votes and negative comments . especially with how everybody is so sensitive to online bullying nowadays . watching / hearing inspirational stories related to scientific breakthroughs or discoveries . or reading about philosophical advancement and understanding . makes me feel like i need to catch up or ... i like puns ... like , a lot . but no matter how many times i propose , they always reject me . i don't understand what you are saying . the problem is , none of it is coincidence . cosmologists , evolutionists , and abiogenesis never assert that it is all coincidence . saying look how complex this all is and our bodies functions , if the ... i am great at lying . as for detecting lies , i either need to know the person in question who is trying to lie , or have them lie in an obvious manner ( hobo claiming they own a jetpack ) but even ... open these three things in your browser , smoke a cigar / cig ( ew ) / or an e-cig . maybe sip some wine or nice whiskey , and just procrastinate . rainymood.com : rain makes everything better . environment ... i'm in the same boat as you with family troubles and being an infant to the world . its hard not to be jealous of my fiance , just over the last year she has been on 3 college trips to various ... twilight sparkle and rarity for me ! i feel your pain . my mother is always crying over stupid crap , and she is highly emotional too . the only times i make people upset with me is i am talking about a sensitive subject , or they take ... you don't wanna hear my plans ... well , alright . stuck at home with broken family trying to not off myself while getting my license ( at 20 , i know , a little late , plus my family is too poor to ... what is this sleep you speak of ? slightly bi-polar . i love physical affection ( from a few select individuals ) i know a lot about emotions , but only because its my main area of study . same boat as you . but until i can make a device to have people feel emotions ( one of my main drives for studying the brain ) us intp's will have to fuel or drive for things with extreme curiosity and ... some people literally cannot help but take things personally . sometimes emotions can be helpful and used as motivations for further action or understanding ! emotions evolved as a means to have ... teenagers are the bane of my existence , even when i was a teenager i could never understand why all the rest of them acted so stupidly . heck , most of my life i have felt this way towards my peers , ... the book looks very intriguing , but i'm sure there wouldn't be much written down that i already don't have knowledge about . my field of interests are neuroscience and psychology , and i know all to ... the funny thing is us intp's aren't supposed to be able to detect others emotions or sarcasm . however , my main interests are in psychology and neuroscience , so i naturally studied human emotion and ... i'm sorry , but i can't follow the train of logic coming from any enfj i have ever known or heard about . at least with estj ( the second most confusing to me ) i can tell they are trying to be logical , ... most people are worthless animals . yes , i know that sounds like an intj viewpoint , but i have yet to see or hear anything different to change my mind . i am good at all videogames . no , seriously . i'm not saying i'm the best , but im certainly in the top 15 % of game players ( excluding the casuals ) just because somebody can get their finding published in a journal as an oh look at this interesting scientific conjecture ! doesn't mean the whole field of study should be discredited , or that ... people don't seem to understand there are strengths and weaknesses to all types . no single type is worse then another ( except estj's ) and being an intp doesn't automatically mean you are smart it ... the only times i ever lie are when somebody or myself would be wrongfully hurt or punished based on bias or misinformation because of it . i may not always offer information , but i never withhold ... if you think you are fat then go get on a treadmill . if you are an ugly man get rich and it wont matter . if you are an ugly woman there will always been some man who isn't quite as ugly that will ... you should do some studying on evolutionary psychology . knowing the reasons why common people behave the way they do makes it easier to mimic . it will also make you realize how much more we are ... i have read everything ever posted on this board . that is a flame , not a troll . well , i am not just talking about people becoming offended , i am specifically talking about the phenomena where a listener perceives you to be speaking more aggressively or louder then you actually ... age : 20 gender : male current relationship status : engaged number of gf / bf's you've had officially : 3 , each for maybe a week and nothing serious i am not completely sure what you are saying , could you give an example ? i'm very interested to understand , maybe this has never happened to me and that is why i cannot understand . i have noticed a tendency for people to assume a person is speaking in loud or aggressive manners when speaking of information and idea the listening party finds offensive . my hypothesis is that ... she would always say weird stuff to her family like they were all against her in arguments . she is not a healthy person in the slightest . i was forced to do this with my estj mother in law who yelled at another driver at a stop light for honking at her . she hates me and has no logical excuse for it , she just doesn't like me and i ... i have yet to see nicotine or caffeine ? anywho ... caffeine - caffeine by itself does not affect me in the traditional way . for some reason i feel sleepy and relaxed while influenced by ... '