' agree . certainly , if antagonized sufficiently , i could do something like this but i can't really think of a situation where it would be useful to willfully do this . sadly it is not actually me that owns it . my frontman bought it while his solo project ( chicago is burning ) was ( briefly ) signed to an indie label.pfft ... dreams are awesome because they never ... that's called an ellipsis . i also ... overuse ... them . ellipsis - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia the gear that created my band's ep ... a good deal of which is crap , a couple pieces are not : m-audio fast track pro ( amusingly , i actually have a roland octa-capture being delivered today to ... thank ya , thank ya . if you saw the gear we were working with , you would never believe we were able to turn out a recording this good . i am still pretty shocked every time i hear some of these ... i dunno , i think a lot of intjs like to teach ... it's just a question of whether or not the student survives the experience . :D well , i guess now that it's out i should spam this somewhere on perc . this is my band . live , i play bass and sing some backup vocals . during the writing process i had a finger in many other pies , ... thank you for ... contributing ? i've never really understood the impulse to post in threads just to say i'm not gonna post in this thread . seems remarkably counter intuitive to me . i was just reading a post from an old thread started by antiant in which she mentions ( it's in an unattributed quote , so not sure if it's his / her own words ) but it said : i'm not sure how indicative ... ok , so i've finally decided to start a thread . here's my question ... ( something i may very well soon regret asking ) . is it possible / common / strange to switch off your n and utilize s in it's place ... yeah ... i cried when david tennant was like i don't wanna go . i seriously , genuinely cried . and then matt smith showed up ... and were it not for karen gillan being so improbably pretty i probably ... the part that gets me about f's is that it almost always seems like it's expected of we non-f's to figure out how to talk to them and how they need to be treated . this isn't true of all f's , ... why ? that's one of those theoretical situations that only happen in romantic comedies or something . i always hope that some day , should i find myself in a similar situation , the girl will just be ... maybe it would be more useful or ( at least ) more interesting to have two intjs get on skype and record the video conversation . maybe an intj and a different type ? intjs by ourselves sitting in ... yeah ... i think i need to get out of this thread now ... before i say something that's gonna get me banned . * unsub * lol that's damn funny . an ex of mine ( who ( now that i am learning about mbti ) i strongly suspect was / is an enfp ) has a degree in particle physics . i'm pretty sure she would have enjoyed that joke ... are there times when we're not ? meh ... i know , it was the low-hanging-fruit joke ... i'm tired . * shrug * ugh ... yeah , and i know better than to get into these debates , too . i've done it a million different times in my life and i swear ... this is one lesson i just can't seem to convince myself of . ... that's my point , skritter ! lol that's it right there . this thread is full of lolz . :D i wouldn't know ... we didn't actually do them in my school district . at least , not while i was still attending schools in it , anyhow . who knows what they have going on now . i expect i would not ... seriously ? seriously ? in * this * thread ... you say that phrase ? well , glad to assist in your american culture studies . :) also , a ^ 5 to both of you for googling some random thing that some random person said in some random thread on some random forum . ... it certainly didn't say anything about bigots or idiots . it did , however , state that it brings out the best in mankind . this is where the train leaves the tracks for me . anyone acting from a ... 1 ) write music , play video games , troll pc . 2 ) my house , my studio , any place that is a requirement for the band ( various venues , social events ( gah ! ) , etc ) 3 ) i'd be a bird of some kind , i think . ... of all the lame-ass , weird , or just disturbing things produced by american culture ... this is the one that gets you ? lol kansas evolution hearings - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i disagree . westboro baptist church - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i strongly disagree . ummm ... i'll ... * braces self * ... volunteer ... i was gonna comment on the forgiveness business , but it seems the what's your name thing has hijacked the thread now . :) i have got to find more time to get on the boards . lol as for my name , ... yeah . you should totally be an author . ( <--- in earnest . ) that's probably good advice , regardless of the situation . if you're waiting for that mysterious intj to hit on you ... you're probably going to be waiting a long time . chances are very good he ... the fact that you are not attached to the type and are open to go wherever the facts of the matter take you sounds very intj . * shrug * then again , what the hell do i know ? i'm pretty new to mbti . ... not really . while i find a few flaws ( minor ones ) in skritter's explanation of why , i think he's got it mostly right . it might very well appear to be a grudge when , in fact , it is simply an ... = = intj nuff said . :) oh geez ... i forgot doctor who and torchwood . ( the new torchwood series just started up on starz , too ! ) emotional situations . the person you describe sounds like a pretty awesome dude . i hope i'm still stirring up trouble just for the sake of it when i'm in my 60s . :D hell yeah . ^ 5 to that guy . you aren't alone . lots of intjs don't really see the point of human interaction . that's all this is ... just one teeny tiny step closer to bona fide human interaction over the internet . ... just a warning ... i'm gonna get all classical intj on ya here ... so don't freak out or anything . i mean exactly what the following says ... but i'm not trying to hurt your feelings or anything , ok ? ... disclaimer : <--- not female . in television ... i would recommend firefly . period . it has got to be one of the best we-only-got-one-season shows in the history of mankind . also include ... on the conversation about intjs in leadership roles : in my experience ( almost entirely surrounded by f's - almost all of the time ) you will want to take a leadership ( or even command ) role ... absolutely 100 % agree . that is , in fact , an awesome suggestion ... and i think i just might . :) i don't think that's a great reason , honestly . it isn't the same for authors as it is for other celebrities . sure , they get recognized in public occasionally but they're authors ... for the most ... coincidentally , my band is releasing an ep on the 30th . pretty sure my guitar player is an enfp , too . i haven't had him take the test or anything ... but i'm really thinking enfp fits the bill . ... i have never , in my whole life , considered posting or ( for that matter ) even creating a video of this sort . in this context , i just might . the question i find i have is the same question that ... i find i have many voices . the default is very intj-ish but , depending on the environment and ( certainly ) my mood i can take on the meter and tone of an enfp but i doubt i would ever get to that ... :( <-- sad face . shhh ! dude , wtf ? don't tell them that ! lol ... i'm in a pretty silly mood right now . i should probably get away from here before i start posting tremendously absurd ... i approve . keep up the good work . 300 quotes ? that's what you're bringin to the party ? lol i'd be interested in a read , as well . separately , loyalgirl . your avatar is obnoxiously adorable . that your kitten or just something you found on the intarwebs ? i don't care what my type is ... when ... it doesn't annoy me at all . i dunno , seems like a lot of the intjs on perc really just want to be surly or something . i seem to be able to tell when someone is trying to be mean or nice , even if the ... '