hi , i don't actually recall the details of what ' keylontic science ' is about now ! ( bad memory ) but i remember quite alot of it resonanting with my beliefs but i cant remeber what exactly ! the main ... i still feel like this and i'm 28 . i've never had a proper relationship at least in part because of this . i've had ' friends with benefits ' situations but having someone find you attractive enough to ... keylontic science is essentially bullshit . know someone who is intelligent but for some reason totally believes in this mumbo-jumbo . i hate that i'm thinking of it as such as i think i am usually ... miss u bobsie . n all the other fluffybears . see u on the otherside and we'll all snuggle together and be warm and cosy forever . and there will be kittyzyme and coshida sticks in never ending supply ... i think my main problem , from which all the other little problems arise , is i don't know what i want . in life and in love . no idea . or in actual fact too many conflicting ideas of possibilities but ... hehe ! i have a huge problem calling myself an artist i usually say ' i'm sort of an art and craftist ' or i just say ' i make stuff ' which sort of emphasises it's something i do rather than something i ... i love this thread ! ! so inspiring ! ! ooh ! and ' moon ' sorry it's probably really annoying that i'm doing my list in lots of posts , its just when i saw the thread i was so excited i answered before reading what others had said and now ... also stardust wristcutters ... the truman show ... return to oz ! ! ! amelie eternal sunshine the science of sleep inception the fisher king baron munchausen time bandits labyrinth pans labyrinth rushmoore why do compliments make me feel so uncomfortable ? what could be some reasons for this ? does anyone else feel like this ? if so why don't you like compliments and how do they make you feel ? you sound like me , and i'm infp ... ah ha . this explains alot . i am ambivert . not finished amelie eternal sunshine of the spotless mind the science of sleep the adventures of baron munchausen the fisher king inception the matrix twelve monkeys rushmoor labyrinth i'm sure there was a chat feature when you were on your profile before the upgrade but now i can't find it ? ! am lost . don't know what i'm doing with my life . yes i have always had major unrequited crushes ... but am wondering now if the person has to be unattainable in the first place for me to like them so much ? it seems that if someone likes me back i ... i'd like to become vegan really but i find the thought of never eating cheese again very upsetting . cheese is my meat . but i know about the cruelty in it's production now so every time i eat some i ... yes . its ruining my life . am stuck . totally not the sort of thing you meant but the most motivational thing i've ever seen ... surely complaining about something you think is wrong is the first step toward changing it ? i'm an infp and i was both bullied and a bully as a child . i would be really shockingly nasty to those i perceived as weaker and then feel horribly guilty and ashamed afterwards . is it possible i was ... i don't like it when meat-eaters disassociate what they eat with animals though ... if they get squeemish if you refer to beef as cow , meat as flesh , dead body etc ... i also don't like how some ... i've been a vegetarian all my life . will never eat meat . in my experience , all the judgement and aggression comes from meat eaters on this subject . i have never told someone it is wrong to eat ... extreme irritability and frustration . want to scream and / or hit something . my personal opinion . i know alcoholics to be aggressive , abusive , stupid and unpleasant to be around . i know heroin users to be generally inoffensive and easier to be around when high ( on account of ... alcohol is vile . i'd much rather be around a heroin addict than an alcoholic . mushrooms are fun though ! in the right environment with the right people . and in smaller doses . to get out of yourself for a little while ... it's always tempting . it's never as good as the first time though . and the come downs get worse and worse . you need more to feel good each time and ... theres a book called ' drawing on the right side of the brain ' that's really good . find out if there are any life drawing classes near you ? or if not just learn by yourself . i dont think education ... i like the squirell with laser eyes . and bob dylan . some drawing tips : drawing trees - i'd recommend going for a walk with a sketchbook and drawing from nature to get some practice observing . pay attention to the ' negative space ' so you draw the ... negative thought habits - cbt is what you need ! i cannot describe how highly i recommend ' the feeling good handbook ' , which u can download here for free the feeling good handbook ( revised ... there's a great book called ' drawing on the right side of the brain ' for developing your drawing skills ... highly recommend it . i've not been spanked with a paddle but i'd give it a go ! : wink : socrates i like a good arse smacking ( we say arse in england ) and i prefer the word spank ... i love a good spanking ! axangad look back a couple of pages , i had the same problem ! that was for u socrates ! did you notice my signature ? i love bill to bits . really actually love him . i'm gonna get ' it's just a ride ' tattood on me somewhere ( probably not my arse ... or should it ... yayayayayay ! thanks glisten ! ok ... try again ! sorry about this ... aaarggghh ! ! ! [ img ] [ img ] what am i ... ok ... thanks guys :) i did it i did it i did it ! ! but not like u did ... grrr ... 