' i totally analyzed you a figured out who you are in my last post . sit down intj . watson : isfj sherlock : such an intp it is ridiculous . i have so many similarities with his personality that it has been pointed out by many people . mycroft : intj . this explains the major sibling ... by the obvious arrogance and the delusion of superiority over the f types , i think i smell an intj . please , go organize your bookshelf . the last time an intp got involved in a major conflict 14000 people died in the blink of an eye . then , three days later 8000 more . maybe i should stay out of this ... the f dominant types will be ... i know your wavelength .. gargoyles slay demons and scare them away from cathedrals . thank you . go cry yourself to sleep because you didn't get your way little entj . you are no better than a lap dog with little man's syndrome . : exterminate : welcome , i just recently joined too . : tongue : the best thing to do is to leave him alone and let him think for a long time until he wants to talk to you . when he starts to talk to you again let him know you are there if he ever wants to loosen ... post-apocalyptic : shocked : when everyone is crying at a funeral but you are in the back giggling at something funny you just thought of .. or when you have a sibling who is also an intp and she yells for you to show you a ... heart my little sister is an intp and she is very hygienic and beautiful . the stereotype of the ugly nerd doesn't apply to us all . i've been told i was handsome too much . i think it has gotten to my head . wait , im an intp . everything goes to my head and bounces around for a little . sometimes .. agent 47 is an intp for sure . i know your wavelength .. holy crap ! i just remembered that there is a world besides those things . well , damn ... besides those things i guess i feel an obsession with emergency medicine and learning a new language coming on ... there is literally no planning stage of any mission on hitman . he is the greatest improvisor in video games , nothing tells you he is organized , everything he has is pre organized by the agency and ... hello ! thank you ! i love this place already . daaawww thank you ! ! :p roud : i have scoped this place out for a while before i made this account . i have looked at various threads and commented on a few just recently before introducing myself to see if i can spark a little ... stand up by in the valley below '