' 8110981110 8111 gary larson makes me laugh . articles : installing linux on a dead badger : user's notes , by lucy a . snyder so i watched jack reacher last night , and in spite of it not being a great movie , the scene where a dumb blonde tries to pick him up in a bar had me howling . a hooker would have gotten the ... sometimes , even you don't know if you're joking . i find the trick is to push a tiny edge so far that a trained player will get confused . my brother is far better than me at chess , but last time we played i beat him simply because i had marginally ... i suppose you can look at it that way if you like . i have decided that i don't need to give jarjar abrams any benefit of the doubt when it comes to what he's doing to startrek . it would be one ... whether it was intended or not does not affect whether it exists or not . sure , we see a lot of spock-uhura interaction during the series , but we never see spock show romantic interest in anyone , ... so much of abrams-trek is so bad it's difficult to even locate the worst of it . the whole spock-uhura relationship is the biggest alteration to a beloved character since george lucas re-engineered ... no ... i can just tell the difference between star trek and someone who just got lost on the way to the bank . really ? you liked that ? how ? oh . it suddenly makes sense . yeah . i mean , why make him khan ? all that does for the plot is forces the super-weapons to be fueled with frozen people , meaning the enterprise was bound to tumble to marcus ' treachery when they ... star trek into darkness . so bad ... so bad . it was a borderline traumatic experience . sam lowry from brazil . or maybe brenda from six feet under . perhaps lindsay from freaks and geeks . topher grace from dollhouse ? i identify very strongly with all of these characters . 60 ' s : the white album ( beatles ) sgt peppers ( beatles ) let it bleed ( rolling stones ) in the court of the crimson king ( king crimson ) led zeppelin ii ( duh ) 70 ' s * dark side of the moon ( pink ... i thought the visuals were great , but that the script was so lazy and manipulative that i felt like my intelligence was being insulted for the last two thirds of the film . pointless plot ... i don't think this is uncommon . as we get older , our interests change . also , the nature of the subjects tend to change . in high school / prep school , humanities classes tend to be almost entirely ... bladerunner in a narrow race with 2001 . this of course assumes the later editions of bladerunner , not the theatrical one which is badly spoiled by the narration . i have two more episodes of the last season to watch , and have read the first four books ( waiting for paperback ) . my general observation : they are fairly faithful , and well executed . in recent ... i'm pretty certain my type is correct , but there is an argument to be made for at least one other ... i'll play along . i agree . we intps would also be relatively good at surviving , as we're not overly dependent on social interactions and don't have a terribly difficult time terminating relationships suddenly . these ... prometheus ... it was better than phantom menace . i'm not nearly that cool , suave , good looking , or likely to contract lung cancer . actually , i'm one of the guys who figured out we could sell mortgages to people who didn't need them when ... as someone who once made a great deal of money in marketing , i second this . in the end , the only way i could live with what i was doing to people was to pour a more or less constant stream of ... there are a few reasons , one being that we don't necessarily play well irl with the more common personality types . we also tend to structure our reality around ideas rather than real world ... i once had a high school teacher , on reading an essay i wrote about cat's cradle , tell me i had the soul of a poet . i watched , on a suggestion from a friend , for about 15 seconds . by the time they went to the laugh track the third time in that span , i knew i'd hate it . don't hold it against the kids you saw as incongruously loud and happy . grief affects different people in different ways . when i was 13 , the space shuttle challenger exploded , killing all seven ... i am not a lawyer , and moderately offended at the allegation ! that is to say , your allegation that i am sane . ... when you deliver a deadpan one liner only to have the person who set you up look at you like you just offered to pimp out their mother . lots of things , most particularly : the final moments of the film brazil . bill hicks richard pryor ironic occurrences in everyday life ( this sometimes convinces people i am cruel and uncaring ) ... mine has two versions - abridged and unabridged . the abridged version lists everything , but only details those jobs which are relevant to the current prospective employment and lists the other jobs ... : i'm sorry if you were offended by my assertion about whether or not your post was in any way an attempt to appear intelligent ; i certainly am somewhat guilty of making an assumption on that ... because i don't see the example you cite as irony . perhaps i just view the world differently , but it is the practice of ranking people , not the method by which those rankings are derived , which ... why do people feel like i've attacked them personally when all i've done is demonstrate faulty logic within an argument they've made ? i generally thank people when they do this for me . ( although ... i agree with this as a worthy addition to the list . as much as i love wild strawberries and the seventh seal ( particularly the latter ) , through a glass darkly spoke to me in a way that few films ... to my thinking , this statement is , in and of itself , ironic . i would actually be 100 % behind the guy who turned his dead cat into a rc helicopter on two conditions : 1 - a bird problem and , 2 - the roto-kitty was actually controllable enough to use it as a ... not sure if it was me , but i know i saw a great doc on ellsberg a few years back . the reason i'm not sure it was me is that i can't recall the title to save my life ! fog of war is a must see for ... fog of war ; eleven lessons from the life of robert mcnamara directed by errol morris with a great soundtrack from philip glass . actually , anything directed by errol morris is a pretty good bet for ... have you considered euler's identity ? i write . mainly i write science fiction , but i also occasionally dabble in essays and erotica . you find your pet cat to be too socially demanding . i never had much problem with this . i rarely went to class anyway . i read very well though , and learn well from reading , so i usually broke the curve when a prof pulled that move . from talking to ... i'd sell my plan , but i wouldn't want to live in that world unless i was in charge . i never really watched that show , so i couldn't say for certain . was the brain an ambition blinded schemer , and pinky the one who molded the schemes into something that actually might work ? for the most part , we lack the kind of ambition necessary for world domination . understanding , not power is our goal . i'm convinced we'd make fairly effective advisors to persons with great power . ... that is the golden rule . depends on the quality of your legal representation . '