isfp : this one doesn't doesn't bother me . and intp as i have 55 % f and 45 % t , which is way more problematic for me . it is really , really hard to take day to day decisions even sometimes career ... i tend to think self-centeredness , selfish preoccupations , are enhanced in overly urbanized cities . i planned to move to countryside this year.don ' t have this impression when going there . when i'm ... i don't want to be this fatalist ! even if there is no doubt that she will access to second tour . you made me curious to see a picture of you ! to be honest , i hesitate too because of really badbad stalking experiences ( that are still accurate ) . but soon will come the day of adding my ... i am so afraid of it but still have hope . what frightens me is that she's the most plebiscited by the youngest voters ( 18-25 ) . saw some iranian an lebanese people commenting favorably about marine ... hi vtype came totally randomly . so tell me , i'd be really curious to know : - how can you be so sure , that you know everything life has to offer ( which appears to be nothing , apparently from ... hell or lesser hell ? i'll choose the grocery . could be a fun human experience at least . dry mandarin or rotten banana ? more please ! ... find amazing traits of isfp when observing bird and picturing landscapes i've seen earlier . and intp in me when theorising , and doing humor . i cherish the idea that our personality is complex . enfp are quite that big dope making this world go round , sane and fantastic and showing the way ! you are so charming that it is nearly insane . i am pretty sure you guys are hiding a big something ... ah and if you like bastille , you'll maybe like asgeir :  trip hop's finest . and if you want something more abstract / indie / buddhist / rnb / soul / nature crazy jam , this mix is perfect to chill out : ... i see your point and can totally relate . thought it has to do with experience a little bit . i have a theory : i think that infp friendship experience is based on the memory of feelings . we ... i am eating tartiflette and it feels damned good ! crash bared let's see what we've got there ... - a holga camera - a lipbalm - an amazing drawing from a 3 year-old - an empty notebook - an earset - a simple black pencil - a brush comb - a book : the ... hey lyna yoga and writing ... that rings a bell to me ! looking forward to read you through the forum and the infp threads :) wow , sorry for you man , this guy seems to be a huge dick . i think he must have a pretty shitty life , having the need to act like this towards you . when i have hard times like that , i just make ... depends of periods . for a long time , i could remember my dreams every single morning . then , for a couple of years , because of invasive issues , i wasn't able to remember a single of them . a few ... greetings , infp mate ! haha interesting thread ... regarding my childhood memories , i used to think for a long time that i was a rebellious kid . as i asked my parents , they told me that i was the more normal child in ... good job done here . what's your next move ? hey alesis read your update . i have never experienced this girl's situation myself , , not in this exact way , but i can totally relate to it and what she could possibly feel . she just seems ... yeah ! it is definitely poland . colombian girls aex aequo ! don't agree with france ... maybe it is because french girls represent no mystery to me . ( for the boys , i'd say england . but ... i am a big can of black paint . i am in a white room and i pour myself all over the floor . then i'm empty . now that i am empty , i can only dream about my next use . i know i'll be recycling ... hey daiz ! nice to read you . jumped on your thread as i saw this , as i have had the same questions as you for a long and hard time . i am not sure that it has anything to do with type , even if ... i'm not sur if fully understanding the sense of your question . are you talking about being more commited than ever to your relationship with someone , like , giving anything to someone before ... when you make a brand new playlist for your own pleasure . but it can't just be some random songs you like . it has to : - make perfect sense , - represent the atmosphere you want to be in - ... random workmate : i'm going to south korea this week ! infp : oh , great ! * thinks about south korea , how great it would be to go there , thinking about great lansdcapes , thinking about seoul , ... doing a landscape puzzle while cuddling a trusty pet . amazonian forest or great lakes of canada ? cookie . tons of cookies . photographing landscapes and objects , or photgraphing daily life and people ? music lessons ! attempting to save your hometown from a future bacteriological disaster , with the risk not achieving your mission successfully , or taking away every one you love and care for and ... haha ! love your enthusiasm ! crottin de chavignol is the . best . thing . on . earth . - not smelly at all , very solid one , but strong and really salty condensed taste . - consistency allows you to ... - no sense of orientation - born and raised by the sea - always lost in thoughts - born 91 - and , a grammar nazi wow , you just described me as well . new here too . warm welcome to you from a ... that we are forgetful . many other types lose as much thing as us . but only because we always seem to be in our thoughts , because we often look spacey , and we lose things from time to time , like ... well , just read in some post , about what esfjs think about infps . i read things like , the fact that they look unhappy most of the time , spacey , and that it's interesting discussing with them , but ... short term / at a very first sight / in a social event : i only attract extroverted people , as introverted pals has problem starting a conversation with me . reason : my appearance , clothing ... just watched coherence , a psycho thtriller movie . it's all about a comet , and a group of grown-up close friends dining in their house . as the night ( and the comet ) passes by , weird things happens ... escaping quicksand - no chance to survive . then facing the rogue rhino and hoping to discover that i'm a rhino with big guts too . taking a shower only once a week , or brushing teeth only once a ... hey for this particular example of practicing sport , you have to ask yourself , what are you searching for ? seems that your main goal at the moment is to stay in shape , not so much running , right ... common days off as an infp : it's 10.00 am , you read a bit , think a bit , take a brief shower , you sit a minute and think again about random things ( but only things that matters ) ... an then ... tunts . when it's 6.00 pm and you haven't drunk a single ounce of water yet . dangerous life we're living ! infp , 58/80 such gaps between people of the same type ... surprising and interesting at the same time . by the way , can cognitive factors be used as a measure for empathy ? just wondering ... hi , and first of all , loads of love on all of you . i'm a 26 , bleach headed , french infp , nature wanderer , enjoying creation , writing , reading , playing indie games , composing , running , surfing ...