' even the loner gets lonely . i feel like it's hard to have both . it's hard to have relationships to an extent for the simple fact of sometimes i just want to be alone , do things on my own . sometimes i ... smile and shake my head a lot like i don't know their language . lol i'm like a ghost or batman , or ghostman , or batghost . seriously i can enter a room without being noticed . use to crack me up when sister would tell me to stop skulking around lol . and i ... people asking me questions we both know they already know the answer to . it's an assault on my intelligence . just because i play the fool , don't take me for one . this pisses me off . i feel we limit ourselves with the idea of not dating multiple people because it's this or that . now by dating i don't mean sex , i mean actually going to public places with the intentions of ... so the other day i'm leaving the gas station , and i see this girl i use to work with . i liked her , and she knew it . now she wouldn't give me the time of day until it was something i could do for her , ... maybe , if i see a person actively trying to make it up . in your case no . you can forgive the act but you know the type of person he really is , and it apparently is in direct opposition to your values ... i think if more infps put themselves out there more they would be shocked to find that they can be exceptionally well at things they might have never imagined being good at . a confident self aware ... i find that some women my age are starting to find my softness ? or laid back attitude to be endearing at the least , when a back bone is shown . now i feel i could get a women's attention , but keeping ... i feel like fear lives in the pit of my stomach rent free , and anytime i'm around other people he starts doing jazzercises to some 80 ' s work out tapes . not cool . like i walk into a store with my head ... when someone is flirting with you and you don't pick up on it until your pulling into the drive way , and seriously consider going back . meals i have been told to grow up lol i'm playful , and called little boy when i'm a grown man as a slight because of my interest in comic books , but whatever lol . i still love comics . never been called ... this . i failed speech twice cause i was always to worried about what the class thought to focus on the task at hand . i mean here am giving a speech on something none of us really care about , and ... beats i think i could totally change a persons perspective and outlook , so for me that's enough . maybe they could change the world . it's something relaxing about standing in the middle of a blizzard at night . the quite , the fact that nobody is around , just makes me want to fall down and make snow angels . it's snowing right ... i hate standing in line , but crowds i tend not to think about to much , and focus on where i'm trying to go . haven't always been that way . maybe you draw so much attention because you are uniquely ... i feel you . i don't pay that stuff no mind tho . i have 2 sisters way lighter than me , one being my twin , and they never made me focus much on that , nor did anyone else really it was always love , but ... young ice cube . anybody excited for mkx ? i've been listening to to pimp a butterfly since it came out . that album is just something else . some of my favorite tracks are wesley's theory , institutionalized , these walls , for sell ? hood ... 1 . how do you feel about this or that type questions ? ( ex : coke or pepsi ? ) gives me a chance to talk or type . so that's cool with me . 2 . do you like animals ? sure , i want a dog . i don't like ... falling in love ? i'd call it infatuation and i would use to do it a lot , now not so much . but a women could be on my mind for a few days without her knowing . you can only be bad if you kill a person ? cause i'm pretty bad . sounds like flirting to me . i lied to an intp once and he fucked my ex girlfriend . cold world . i'm one of those people that use that why make the bed if i'm just going to mess it up logic . i don't like people in my room anyway . don't need you judging my organized mess . my collection of ... what house are you ? i like house tyrell . i'm not a tough guy , i can't be saying stuff like hear me roar or we don't sow so growing strong it is lol . who's your favorite character ? jon stark ... i can nerd out to a certain degree . game of thrones nerd all day tho . i don't want to live in your world because in your world , to many values get in the way of true confidence and true success . the point of winning is getting what you want . you don't see the point ... indeed . i am now enlightened . see how that works ? none taken . but here's my opinion . truth is overrated , not confidence . if your not lying , your not trying to win . real world experience . nope . lie if you have to . never cared to understand enough to get into it honestly . i'm a sinner just not into gambling and strip clubs . waste of time if you ask me . yep , and it tends to happen often , or has been happening often . being me in my world is dangerous so i kind of have to hide in order not to be eaten alive . one smell of weakness and it's a rap . i don't know . i think one must first ask themselves what is love ? so to my self i will ask , and the answer i find is proably very cliche but to me it is the only conclusion i have come to . love is ... by being me . that's about all . any of you infps happen to be a saggitarius ? hows life for you ? you always on the move ? and when i say that i mean physically and emotionally ? exploring the world as well as your own self . i see god as being both man and woman . not in physical form , but having both masculine and feminine energies , spiritually . i wouldnt call myself a non conformist , i just do what i want how i want . can't help it either . i was just talking to my friend a couple days ago and he told me that people who are different from ... they can't comprenhend they even come close to understanding him i guess if i was borin they would love me more guess if i was simple in the mind everything would be fine maybe if i was jerk to ... a girl that i went to grammar school with as a child when i lived in arkansas ( moved to chicago when i 12 ) have recently reconnected and we have been talking for a while . lately it's been becoming ... some days i feel like i'm slipping , but i continue to maintain . it's not easy and every moment ain't sugar and roses but i get thru and when i see the flip side it makes those negative moments so ... so at work somehow my supervisor thought it to be a good idea to make me a team leader . in all honesty i think i'm in over my head . i'm no leader and i really don't like being responsible for other ... single but i think i need to find one soon . i dont like being single when its cold out . :( '