' koch brothers paid romney a lot of money to put his name through for vp . welcome ! i too have received both intp and infp results from tests . i lean towards infp inwardly and intp outwardly . seems to happen a lot with males . hope you enjoy your time here ! i would have to say estj . take a look at what he did during his college years and then compare to what he ended up doing to protect and advance his position in politics . not to mention how well he ... questions 11 and 14 both had two possible options . 11 because the pattern did not have enough progression and 14 because they introduced a change to the pattern on the last image . not sure if these ... hmm , i am quite good at visual problem solving : congratulations , you obtained a very high score and you love indie rock . your overall percentile is 87 % which means you scored higher than 87 % of ... hmm , i am quite good at visual problem solving : congratulations , you obtained a very high score and you love indie rock . your overall percentile is 87 % which means you scored higher than 87 % of ... that they didn't need to flood everything with adverbs related to luck anymore for fortune was upon them ! sadly , they had to start using adverbs related to sorrow because the water had been turned to ... ravenclaw here ! yay ! i wish it was on youtube but it isn't . here is a grooveshark link instead . soledad ( featuring mc bob nielsen ) by mc lars on indie rocket science - free music streaming , online music , videos - ... 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and write about your impression of it . 43423 a beautiful sunset over the mountain tops ... i'm not sure what style of music this is , but i like it : youtube - alice and youtube - upular i fit the stereotype , and i fit # 2 and # 3 at times . sounds like an enfp to me . i missed the best song ! a better version of palladio imo mine , is small , not too neat , and sometimes illegible ( because its small ) do you have an advanced vocabulary ? walking dictionary is my nickname by some , ' nuff said . lol where did you gain your lexicon ? i think i just pick them up during research , but i'm not really ...  any hudmo song really . edit : maybe this : in a comparison between intj and intp look at it like this . p - procrastinate j - just do it indeed , people always think i'm stoned . never have done drugs though , ever . lol i thought it was funny when the guy walked across the stage and the green screen showed though his pants ... other than that , not much really , its stupid . i have no problem with math , and in fact can do stuff that is two years ahead of my grade level . i think i just have extremely good rote , no need to do things more than twice to understand them . i ... i ... don't lie that often , like maybe once a year ? i'm always 5-10 minutes early for classes . never missed a class before . i never break rules and i've never been to the office and rarely get in ... if he is telling the truth about the light he could have sensory integration dysfunction . i have it and can't go out even on overcast days without sunglasses . sounds like he has npd ( narcissistic personality disorder ) , sid ( sensory integration dysfunction ) , and apd ( avoidant personality disorder ) but i can't really say for sure . i doubt he would ever ... t3 internet ! high speed ? as if that would be any good . : wink : hmm , i'll have to do better . parody time ! wake up in the mornin feelin like hawking got my glasses all taped up gonna hit the pc before i log , grab a bottle of mountain dew cause when i ... i don't think so , i believe the system acts more like a point system rather than percentile . by that i mean , it takes your evil points and subtracts them from whats left of your good or vica-versa ... poor . that's why i do all of my assignments on the computer . i'm not too good with painting or anything else either . you are 83.3 % good . you are 76.9 % lawful . alignment : lawful good as a lawful good person , you tend to act as you are expected to . you tell the truth , keep your word , help those in need , ... lets measure it up . we are supposed to be entering the age of aquarius soon . there will be a solar storm with power equal to or greater than 100 million hydrogen bombs . massive solar storm to hit ... its not wow its dungeons and dragons . lol still have to do the test . i'm such a geek that i don't go outside unless i am forced to and would rather sit down , watch big bang theory , and think about how much i am like sheldon and leonard while at the same time learning ... the ideas make perfect sense in my head so i feel others should too . well , as it turns out they don't . i have to reword myself multiple times , usually ending with having to make a horrible ... i'm terrible in social situations . i'm not sure if i have as or some other psychological disorder but i just can't fit in , nor do i really want to that badly . the only thing i feel comfortable ... i don't troll , nor would i ever wish to be part of that group . i see no reason to annoy others for the lulz . those were the first episodes but i realize they don't really show why nts would enjoy it . here are some clips that bring out the nt in them . warning spoilers youtube - l's deduction - ... i personally don't even make a plan and let it go with the flow . like ad lib but for writing . i always get top marks on them too . in your face teachers who say good stories have to be planned ... death note code geass youtube - the day a new demon was born ( eng dub ) well , they only need one bag , that is already stated . if they don't go by the sea again , they don't need any more sand . they already touched the sea on the first day of the tenth month . messed ... i have a lot of anxiety about stupid things and i am definitely not calm in social situations . maybe i'm calm when i'm doing something i love alone but not to often otherwise . you are correct , there is no way of knowing because the two calendars overlap each other during the time of the roman republic . :/ actually there is a good possibility it is before the julian ... well , i guess imo sane would be where your mind runs smoothly without any odd thoughts blocking it from working properly . i also found this , not exactly giftedness but another study into the relativity of iq and mbti full article here : liberty corner : iq and personality wordnetweb.princeton.edu/perl/webwn mentally healthy ; free from mental disorder ; appears to be completely sane reasonable : marked by sound judgment ; sane nuclear policy ... so close ! you have the times correct but you need to add the fractional values for the seconds ! which i'm really not sure how they came up with but hey its correct . lol wrong . it's way more accurate than that . it goes to fractions . hint : what is the rate in which the hour hand , minute hand move with the second hand ? that is part of the answer , you must remember ... i am and i am proud of it . : laughing :  ha , that is funny . my friends always say i ruin everything because i make logical explanations for any metaphorical thoughts . in the bible the exact value of numbers did not matter , what did was the meaning of the numbers . 1 - oneness , holy , unity 2 - division from god 3 - completion 4 - creation 5 - grace 6 - man 7 ... since no one is responding anymore i'll bring out one from my book : 50 . when did the dancing begin ? the guests at that ball the other night , said dora at the breakfast table , thought that ... '