' the zeitgeist movement is not affiliated with the zeitgeist movies , although i heavily support those as well . this is the movement's position on conspiracy theories : source : ... i think people feel easy around me , as i make fun of myself and entertain them . it depends though , some people i am serious around . it really depends if i feel comfortable around them . don't ... hey guys , i don't know if anyone here remembers me , but i used to post here quite a bit . i have moved to the zeitgeist movement forums and as a result , have become much more calm and stable . i don't ... haha , i'm pretty static nowadays . : happy : it has been a long time since i was last into mbti . the interest just died for me . judging from my recent posts , do you think i am an intp or something else ? i go with the bmi , although it isn't perfect . i consider overweight or greater to be the equivalent of fat . my bmi is 24.1 and i consider myself fat , so i guess it is subjective . :P ... i don't see how people could get addicted to weed . : confused : i'm not saying that people don't get addicted as my sister has bong parties every weekend ( and today ! what the fuck ? people are over ... i've done it twice with my friends . the strange thing is ... the feeling was already familiar to me the first time i smoked . that is the only non-medical drug i have ever consumed . : mellow : ... or you can do what grish did . :p roud : i updated the op with that link example . guys , the hot-link pictures ( the girl in the door and the woman on the piano ) keeps reappearing . my first link works . i'm not sure why yours don't . aerorobyn , for some reason when you actually post pictures from that site it always shows that girl in the door . i have no idea why . : mellow : just post the link . : tongue : edit : your post just ... hah . post it . : tongue : post the photograph on the chart that most closely resembles your own height and weight . ... to be completely honest , i am trying to stop coming here . i don't understand why i keep coming back . nostalgia , i suppose . : frustrating : intp naturalistic pantheist this is false . atheism is simply lack of a belief in gods and goddesses . the term says absolutely nothing about other supernatural phenomena . the term that is used ... i have been suicidal for much more life as well . i only have one piece of advice : fuck what others think you should do . what is the most important thing ...  zday2010.org thezeitgeistmovement.com ... guten morgen ! wie geht's ? ich bin sehr gut warum heute ist zday ! : laughing : zday2010.org ich bin in new york ! : happy : neither . liberal / conservative is a false dichotomy .  haha wanna , you made it too easy to know who you are talking about . : crazy : ( i agree with you that the person is ignorant , but no one has made me be ashamed to be the same as them , not even ...  videos made by myself . : happy : i would declare the earth the common heritage of all the world's people in a global resource based economy , applying the scientific method for social concern .  ... i beg to disagree with that statement , but i won't . you know what i mean . : happy : as for me , yeah , i had a pet rock once , but i got angry at it and threw it into the forrest . yep . that was the end ... not enough people post in this thread . : crying : i wouldn't take the mark / implantable chip and i would not follow him . my reason has absolutely nothing to do with the bible as it is fiction , but more with skepticism of leaders in general . planning to major in design for sustainability ( eco design ) and minor in environmental science . i want to be an independent activist documentary filmmaker on the side , in other words : not for profit . beware of quantum mysticism . what the bleep do we know ? is a steaming pile of shit , to put it lightly . : happy : youtube - explosions in the sky - your hand in mine youtube - iamx - kiss & swallow closed mouth . open mouth seems extremely unnatural to me . : confused : i used to listen to this band and i didn't even know they were a religious band . oh well . : crazy : youtube - relient k - when i go down and why i am an apersonalityist . :p posted via mobile device it depends on the evidence of the particular theory . i used to repress my emotions . i'm pretty sure that if i held them in a bit longer i would kill someone . yeah , whether or not you like it , we are emotional creatures and we need to find ways to ... my current muse - youtube - the never-ending why-placebo lyrics also , there are many music recommendations at this thread . i'm not sure what genres of music you are into , but : last.fm - listen to free music with internet radio and the largest music catalogue online pandora radio - listen to free internet radio , find ... if someone wants to make a signature for me , go ahead . please don't make this request a priority though . : happy : behavior is emergent , it is based on the current environment that the organism , you , are in . there is no static self that has a static personality . yes , i am on personality cafe and i don't ... tbh , all i usually check is critical thinking and philosophy . : mellow : i do not hate , i love all , but obama is severely misguided . i'm not cold or insensitive , i just have trouble proving otherwise . : 3 congrats k ! :p roud :   '