' op , do you use psychotropic medication , like antidepressants for example ? they sometimes have a very hard effect on your libido . this would explain that . if not , do you take in other kind of ... i'm fantasmagorically attracted to what i see as the estp archetype , but i think it would be extremely difficult to have a healthy and durable relationship ( even a simple friendship ) with an estp ... i'm done talking with drmiller 100 ; i don't have so much time to lose . have fun trolling other people . sorry for poluting your thread , philosopherspidy . are you really trying to understand what i mean ? i think you're just trying to upset me . if you're not , you're extremely disrespectful to me anyway . and you feel proud , really ? .. anyway , you're ... aren't entp famous for being great scientists , too ? i wasn't talking about a law as in you shouldn't do that , it's wrong . it was a law as in at most one line can be drawn through any point not on ... just to clarify , i didn't mean that the shadow functions don't exist , i just meant that ti and te cannot be both in the main set of four major functions . therefore , i think we mostly agree :) ... philosopherspidy honestly , i don't know , buddy :/ good luck , though ! so much fail just because of small arms :/ 193426 what about dinosaurs ? and what about dinosaurs in space ? ! 193418 these aren't my laws . these are fundamental laws of the mbti theory . of course , you are free to reject this theory , but since this forum is about it , i'll assume you don't . yes , in theory these ... that's pretty simple . the cognitive structure follows laws which are the same for every type . two of them are that each function has an introverted or extraverted type , and that each is of the ... firstly , you must mean developed functions , not dominant functions . there is only one dominant function for each person , and which one is a question of cognitive structure , not of function ... i will not read the entire thread , so i may say something useless which was already said , but here it is anyway : it seems to me that there is a big misconception in your first message . you confuse ... when i was a child , i always made pranks to everyone , as soon as i had an opportunity . sometimes i still do , for example by putting my empty plastic bottle on the top of a door . but i'm not a good ... infjs don't like when you think you know what they think :) they very often have a special opinion , so be careful about details and shades , try to understand what is really different in them . if you ... i never talked about forcing people to act in any way . i just said that i dislike competition , and that i still can be productive without it ( which means that nothing makes competition necessary ) . i would try everything except murder for them . simply because i strive for the best . i have to want good , that's good's definition , that's my most sacred duty . i don't want good for something else , i want it for itself . always becoming better is ... i would rather die than kill . i'm absolutely sure about that . there is no philosophical debate here . this is a psychology forum . i talked about what i feel , not about what i think . however , i can still answer that greatness can arise without competition , ... i'm not competitive at all . i like to win and shine and everything , but i don't struggle just to do better than the others . i feel like competition is destructive in nature . i always do the best that ... i hate the military . not only am i pacifist , but i also think that soldiers are completely brainwashed ( sadly ) . sorry if you find this offensive ( i don't intend to hurt anyone by my words ) , but ... it is possible that you're hsp because you're infj and 4 , but isn't it enough to talk only about one of them , then ? basically , what you're saying is i'm infj , 4 , and hsp , so i must be hsp ! your ... everyone has a little ugliness in them . most of the time , nobody else see it ; however , seeing your own ugliness can be enough to entirely stop loving yourself . love your own ugliness , or you'll ... you need lots of pain , maturity , luck , and maybe a bit of internet . that's one example of why i prefer the mbti to socionics . as said zibziby , i would be happy if i had 1 billion dollars . i don't need anything else . i wouldn't have to work anymore ; i could just use my entire days to think , meditate and dream in perfect ... don't think you know what we think . ( yea , i'm talking to you , intjs ! ) 1 . spinozian or leibnizian pantheism . 2 . extremely close to hinduism , according to which each living being is a small part of the brahman , the absolute self . more optimist than spinoza and leibniz ... you're right , his question reminded me of the more common question what is a vegetable ( which doesn't have a clear answer , as everyone knows ) , and since in my language there isn't anything like a ... umop 3pisdn and eudaimonia : i think that uxdork meant vegetables . counselor . i'm serious . yes . i have a bad relationship with her , though ; it might be a difference . i totally infj-slam-doored her , several years ago . and i agree about your answer to uxdork :p my mother ( isfj ) is exactly like this too . she's awefully dramatic , always seeking conflict and harassing and complaing and repeating herself ... sometimes , she acts like she's antigone . she's also ... the real dramatic type is isfj . infjs dislike conflict too much . if you follow the mbti theory , it is absolutely impossible to change your type . your dominant function will stay dominant , even if you develop another function more . a function isn't dominant because ... very good questions everyone . now , i want intp answers . as uxdork said , there are some really cool multiplayer games , and i'm not only thinking about popular games like league of legends , but more about cooperative games . here are some titles : ibb & obb , ... seeing yourself as a child doesn't mean you're immature . i separate both totally . i don't think i'm immature . i always felt like i'm at the same time extremely old and an eternal child , particularly since i was twelve or something like that . here's an smbc picture that might partly explain what i feel : ... first of all , welcome ! i hope you'll find what you seek :p now , to give some interesting answer ... i find it difficult to talk when there isn't a specific topic or question ! especially in a public ... thanks to my developped ti , i very strongly dislike conspiracy theories . it doesn't mean i don't question my beliefs ; in the contrary , that's my main activity , since i'm a philosophy student . infjs may be the most craving for thanks type , too . i dunno if it's good enough to be considered a poem , but here's a bad translation of a random thought i had some days ago , originally posted in the infj random thought thread . bad translation of a random thought i had some days ago . i think it's pretty infj ... this is how are lived my skin , my fingers , my eyes : everything is always new , nothing is ever known . a ... valkyria - it's not necessarily related to being infj . thanks , cyamitide ! however , this is extremely general , as it doesn't take into account infjs ' specificities ; that's why i opened this thread :p why would you say that you're virgin ? he doesn't need to know , at least for now . only tell him when you'll know his reaction will have no consequence ( probably when you'll be not a virgin anymore ... being ourselves infjs , we could think that we already know everything about this topic . however , it seems to me that it's more complicated than that ; after all , aren't sometimes infjs unable to ... romantic commitment may be an exception for me too , however i'm open to polyamory . '