' i'm coursing calculus for the second time ... got 1,8 / 10 in the last semester . the minimum to move on to calculus ii is 6/10 . i'm starting to question if engineering was the right choice :P oh my bad ... this is what studying calculus does to people : laughing : infj -> ni fe ti se our dominant function , introverted intuition , is what we call a perceiving function and having a strong one causes the j / p axis move towards the p in those online personality ... my first step was the book the art of speedreading people : how to size people up and speak their language . it's an excellent starting point for learning how to read and interact with all the 16 ... i'm happy . my new apartment mate is an infj and he is also studying engineering ! what are the odds : laughing : ? he is the second infj i met in real life ( and the first male one ) . this is exactly why i love intjs : laughing : what if i had just kept my mouth shut ? let's just say that it's worth it :P oh boy , i can see my relationship with my intp ex-girlfriend in that post : tongue : ni ( infj's dominant function ) is a perceiving function and tends to pull the j / p axis towards the p . i'm an infj and i always test as an infp on those online tests . check the scores for each ... that's exactly how i feel . intps are awesome ! : crazy : i have only one intp friend ( male ) , but my ex-girlfriend was also an intp so i guess i have some experience dealing with them . what i love the most about intps is ... i'm an infj , my mother is an enfp and my father is an istj . i'm not 100 % sure about my little sister's type , but she's definitely a feeler . it's really hard to determine if she's introverted or ... i had this thought the other day : what if the universe just happens to be and there is no secret to it at all . what if mathematics , physics , chemestry , biology and everything else we know is just ... i'm an infj . my mother is an enfp and my father is an istj i've had a really hard time dealing with my mom's extroversion and my father's traditionalism , especially when i was younger , but i guess ... oh that's so nice , thank you . if you're interested , i got the three questions from the book the art of reading people : how to seize people up and speak their language . it's definitely worth reading ... would your rather be overwear or underwear ? i enjoy wearing underwear overdone or underdone ? overdone overdue or underdue ? what does that mean ? overies or underies ? what does that mean ? ... understanding that life has it's ups and downs . when i'm facing my darker days i just try to remember myself about all the good times i've been through . what keeps me motivated is knowing that ... i didn't mean to be rude , sorry . i think we all need to know ourselves better . just be careful not to go down the rabbit role believing that you are what your mbti type says you are supposed to be ... i used to ... but then i realized i can do both . now you need to get to know yourself better . everyone uses all the cognitive functions . if you're primarily fe , then that's probably the f in your main four functions . this rules out 8 ... i know right ! sometimes i feel bad for not having a special skill that i'm good at and is meaningful for me , like most of my friends do . i feel like i don't have a personality . i have the same problem . i think it's very close related to the fact that i can't seem to finish anything . i would ask my ex why she broke up with me or my best friend what she truly feels . hard decision :P i miss her i don't think so mate ... it really is just a fraction of who you are . when i'm on those days ( no homo ) i just lay on my bed and dwell on my mind . in my dark days i can't even do stuff that i usually enjoy doing , like drawing / reading / watching tv . well , i'm an infj and i'm fascinated by the business world . i love reading about people who made it to the top and built their empires from scratch . the mbti deals with how we perceive information , ... i'd probably go live somewhere in holland or belgium . i'm from brazil and i'd love to live in europe for a while . i misspell a lot of words because english is not my mother's language and neither did i take any classes :P i pay close attention to misspelling when i'm writing on my first language . and yeah , ... i'm in the middle of my second spirituality crisis and i'm only 17 : laughing : the first one was when i was 12-13 and that's when i realized how messed up religions are . i thought ( still do ) it was ... oh that's a cool personality : laughing : what do you mean ? my point is that you can do whatever you want , don't be biased by the right career for your mbti type thing . where did you meet myself ? : laughing : naval engineering to be specific . strong ti + i want to be able to travel a lot + 15 day on / 15 days off job offshore = perfect for me . i see life as an rpg game where the main goal is to ... do not make the mistake of choosing your career based on your mbti type or on other people experiences . what have not worked out for them may work just fine for you . if you feel that studying ... that's not the same . he said he never wanted to hear from you again because he needs some time for himself . after you told him how you felt he told you the same thing as before , but with gentle ... sometimes when i close my eyes i see myself in the future having achieved everything i currently desire and still being unhappy . this kind of thought takes all my motivation to produce something away ... how did you start to develop your writting skills ? should i write only when i feel inspired or should i make a commitment to myself to write x hours every day ? it is ... but then you realize that being an infj is actually a gift . we get to be both introverted and extroverted , artistic and logical , dreamer and intelectual at the same time :) you should ... i just realized i do this a lot : laughing : is it really that annoying ? i've never met another infj in real life ... the suicidal thoughts are comming back ... i don't know who am i anymore . i was a mad child . i used not to avoid conflicts , but search for it . i used to get into my rage mode often . i don't know to explain what i felt , all i knew is that i had to break something and beat ... someone probably mentioned this already , but you should not trust the online tests . if you want to be 100 % sure about your type , you have to figure it out on your own . i highly recommend that you ... a lot people seem not to care about their integrity like i care about mine . i considered myself an atheist from ages 12-17 . i was ( and still am ) highly skeptical and i did not believe any of this either . i don't know why , but recently i've been getting more in touch with my ... i don't understand much about astrology ( neither do i believe it ) , all i know is that i'm scorpio . two years ago there was no way someone could mistake me for an extrovert . i did not know how to use my fe at all . people considered me highly ti ish . i used not to leave my bedroom if i didn't have ... are you sure that your infj does not have feelings for you ? i have a female enfp best friend and i think we secretly love each other . in the beginning of our friendship people used to say that we ... i got two stupid tattoos when i was 16 . i can't say i regret it , as they've definitely made me a better person , but i don't enjoy them anymore . they're no longer an expression of myself : confused : ... '