' according to my estp boyfriend , yes , estps are pretty common . i wouldn't say they are really tactful , because they are less think and more do . they're very action-oriented people , and that's what ... is it an istj thing to notice that the grammar is wrong in the poll ? and to have it bug me ? sigh . all in all , the year has been great thus far ( still a day and a half left ! ) , with the minor ... that's so true . i like the logic in how you think . also , what if you had a pillow pet ? like one of those stuffed animals that flatten out in the midsection into a very comfy pillow ? those were ... organized ? ( you seldom lose important items such as papers , keys , and you make it to your appointments / classes / work on time . ) i'm somewhat organized . i've got an appointment calendar for most ... oh sela , you sound like me . i have to do cpr / first aid again too ! but in regards to your post , jacon , i definitely have problems remembering things . i find i'm not an auditory learner so much ... i wouldn't say you're too much . different , yes , but i can handle you guys ! at least , i can handle my estp boyfriend , and he likes my j traits , so we work well together . some of the things you ... haha ... my boyfriend did the same thing ... he did something to his ankle , but refused to go to a doctor because he said it would cost him too much money . and then it was swelling up , and he said it ... it might help to do something you like doing . so if you're super energetic , then do something that works with that ( e . g . rock climbing , a sport , etc . ) . doing something you like just takes part of ... what are your religious beliefs ? catholic what is your political party ? liberal ( similar to democrat in the states ) do you have any siblings ? one sister what was / is your major in college ? i agree , that's an awesome show ! i have yet to meet an istj . well , at least to identify that someone i know is an istj . i still don't know the types of the majority of the people i know , and ... that's actually some pretty good advice . i didn't know it at the time , but when i was younger , my mom and sister used to always tell me to join clubs and stuff at school . i sorta felt like ... uhh ... that's the point . that's the best expression ever ! i use it a lot ... i want a brother . does that count ? your type is enfp strength of the preferences % extraverted 100 intuitive 12 feeling 62 perceiving 78 i heard my name . why're you talkin ' ' bout me ? better not be anything bad ! oh , yup . in ' loo too ! pewpew ! not sure if i'm necessarily reading for the information access , as you put it . i'd usually choose a big fictional novel over news , although i'll pick up a newspaper if there's nothing else lying ... hrm ... that may be true . learning a language also has it's technicalities ( i . e . conjugating verbs and whatnot ) , which seems like a left-brained sorta thing to do . oh dear , every time i'm asked to ... but isn't it more of an opposites attract thing ? always having someone who is almost exactly the same as me ( being istj and istj ) may be good initially , but i think i would be driven insane if i ... there's a fine line between relaxing and monotone ; i'm sure you're not monotonous ! but yeah , it's great to have someone who's a bit more mellow and reasonable to talk to . :) i agree with you both . sometimes , i forget that not everyone uses the same brand of logic as me , and so when i expect them to get some part of a project done , or to have finished something , i'm ... hey , if everyone else is doing it , doesn't it make it not creepy and just normal ? so really , we're all normal . despite this , and its prevalence , if i was told someone was stalking me , i definitely ... really ? i did well in french in high school ; although i'm currently not doing as well as i could , or at least as well as i expected . are we actually left-brained ? i didn't know that . maybe it's ... yeah , i get that vibe too sometimes . or even between other people ; like a more extroverted or feely-type person , where they just talk so easily with each other that i assume they know each other ... being passive may be something we revert back to , a general personality trait , but i'm sure we can all stand out when we want to . it just depends on the situation , and what we are called on to do . ... i totally know what you mean about p . e . i was so glad they only made us take it once . not that i don't like sports ; don't get me wrong - - i love sports . i just hate getting graded on them , and ... that goes alongside that saying , whatever it actually is ; the one that basically says jokes are funny only because they're partly true ... hahaha ... it's funny that an istj keeps the excitement in your life . but yes , don't get us pissed . you won't like us when we're not happy with you . it's weird . i think it has something to do with being a girl , but i love flowers . getting a flower would be nice on v-day . nothing flashy like a huge bouquet , but a single rose just melts me . ... seems like we're all going through the same thing here , and everyone's felt this in one way or another . for the most part , speaking up in a group ( although it takes me way out of my comfort zone ) , ... i'm sorry you didn't have the best experience with us ; hopefully you'll meet more istjs that are nicer . but i do think that we tend to act differently with the people we know , than to strangers . ... not sure if istjs really could dish it out all day as you say , lilsnowy . we're not exactly the super-talkative bunch ( maybe so around the people we know well ) . i'd think we usually know when to ... reading about pokemon in the morning sure beats studying . welcome to the forum ! not sure what to say about this . on the one hand , an intelligent hell would still be hell . that implies that despite the advancements in technology , or societal benefits , life would essentially ... - pay off university loans - give some to family ( immediate & aunts / uncles / cousins ) - buy a house ( actual city tbd ; depends where i end up working ) - save some to furnish the house - get a car ... i'm sure a lot of people open up on the internet . there's something to be said about the anonymity of it all ... hello and welcome ! ooh ! another istj ! yay ! ( okay , yes , i'm feeling childish today . ) who , me ? o_o and you know this because ... ? this made my day . yes , very early in the day , in fact . * ahem * istj's are the best ! glad to know i'm not alone ! especially since i hang around a lot of other extroverted types , it seems as if i'm the only one that feels like this ! that's so true . i've never been good with ... then you must not have very high expectations of us ! : tongue : anyway , dating can just start with hanging out and just doing something both of you enjoy ; it doesn't have to be the traditional dinner & ... dating . =) there's always a reason ... however small it may be , that stops us from communicating with you . it could be something you did , or just something totally unrelated to you ( like something that happened ... for someone who is less familiar with the whole cognitive theory ( like me ) , i think the j / p thing is just a good rule of thumb to know right away which function dominates . yes , it's understood that ... ahh ... that's true . i definitely need to read more about the types and cognitive functions to understand people , and how their brains work . it always amazes me when someone else comes up with ... from the first way you put it , i seem like a P; i don't know if i really like making decisions myself . i like it when other people make them for me ( for the most part ) , but then would that fall ... err ... i thought that's what i said . in any case , that's what i meant . talking to strangers is one thing , talking to friends / family / etc . is something completely different . hahaha ... you could ... who does ? surely not me ... ? yeah , well , why share something if they aren't interested in knowing it about you ? i'd rather not waste my time or breath . and if they are honestly interested , well , they'd ask . in general , i don't ... ahh okay ; i get what you mean . yeah , sometimes i don't even really realize that it's taken the wrong way until i think about it more , or someone points it out to me . although many of my friends are ... '