' the more i think of something , the more i realize i don't care . i think i care until i think . procrastination , or the fact that everything is complicated enough in our heads i wanted to make airplanes and spaceships and travel to space . but then i grew up ... lol . and now i'm pursuing a career in architecture . i'm not the best at typing , but there ya go eric : isfp red : istj hyde : istp orrr entp fez : enfp jackie : isfj laurie : estp kitty : enfj ? i can't type kelso or donna bright , energetic and fearless . i changed a lot in high school though . i became really quiet , dull and slow until i could no longer catch up with the world around me . are you satisfied with your everyday life ? no how confident are you in decisions you make ? however big or small . i'm not very decisive . i tend to avoid making decisions , keeping my options ... i'd seek recognition . not fame . i'm not sure i have a preference ? sometimes though i like to make sure music isn't too loud that everyone else will hear what i'm listening to . as for tv , i don't like it loud . i don't even like tv . she was free to waste away alone . intp let us discuss and type georges melies what was he really like ? please try to use some reference i need this information for a research you know you're an intp when you can't shut down your laptop . you . just . can't . i always ask myself the same question . as for my friends , they think i'm different but i'm sick of it . i don't like hearing that anymore . it's starting to become an insult in my head . they also ... if it's stupid , i wouldn't do it . someone who is willing to be my friend at all times . i freaking hate these messages . so pointless and annoying . i can't believe people read them everyday seeking actual motivation or so . i can't help but think of how shallow ... and don't even get me ... when your friend describes you as not friendly but nice i can totally relate , i really hate going to the salon so i do everything at home instead , except when i wanna get a haircut . ugh . i like greeting people . i don't necessarily stop and talk , i just smile and say hi while i'm walking to class or work . i absolutely enjoy it . close enough 221682 being an intp is a curse . i wish i could stop analyzing and questioning the purpose of every damn thing i do or come across . everyone i know is pursuing a degree in things they don't even like ... cds . always . george zinavoy at some point , i was a lot like him back in high school . i'm interested in everything . i repeat , u200beverything . rarely . i mostly don't remember or even care to . type : manifesting generator profile : 2/4 definition : single definition inner authority : emotional - solar plexus strategy : to respond theme : frustration incarnation cross : right angle cross of ... i know that's totally off topic , but in my area it is considered rude not to dance in occasions , especially weddings . it's like you're not happy to be there or for the couple . unfortunately , i don't ... you probably need to get hurt in return real bad for you to stop it , or to simply take responsibility for your actions . i agree with noelle on that . even if you wrapped this thread up , i'm still gonna throw this out there . everybody on this thread put a lot of effort into discussing your issue with you and suggesting plenty of solutions that can ... anything outdoors . college will be a great experience for you , especially that you mentioned you were homeschooled . just make sure you surround yourself with good friends and positive vibes , and no matter how ... i enjoy discussing certain subjects and issues , but not just with anybody . most people take debating way too personal , that they feel the need to turn it into a war , shove their opinions down your ... sitting on a couch regretting the amount of food i've had today . 179770 yes . all the time . i help people whenever i'm asked . i also enjoy giving out tons of advice to people , it makes me sound like a smartass . the functions really help you determine your type . i took a different test every once in a while and i always got intp . it fit me perfectly but i still had doubts , so i started learning about the ... exxp i'm going to school next month for architecture ( freshman year ) my dream would be to pursue higher education to teach at college , maybe even become a professor if i could . i don't know ... but yeah . it's a curse for the most part , but i wouldn't wanna change . intp july cancer entps , hands down . you wondering who created god is like me wondering how does this entire world even exist ? when i say i believe in god , i believe that he is the creator of all things and therefore he is not created ... hi ... .. welcome to your new home ! by the way , entps rule ! i wanna marry one of you guys . coming from an intp , i actually believe in god . it makes sense to me . i can't comprehend the fact that this whole world isn't created by something bigger . it can't be just .. there ? whenever there's ... i love people it's 2014 , people with no college education really struggle let alone no diploma ! getting a diploma is the least you can do for your own justice ! at least spare it for your older self , you'll need ... don't ever quit school . you'll regret it your whole life . i'm 5 ' 2 and 18 . i don't know when did i stop growing . my growth was always slow and gradual - barely noticeable , but i believe i kept growing until like 16-17 ( ? ) i'm 18 now though , and i hope ... '