i'm always for inflating my ego - energy drinks . hallucinations . rurouni kenshin the space shuttle endeavor odyssey magazine back to the future skies of arcadia my car topic title . i am very curious about intps and dating . so i am left with this question for the intp women . assuming we were to go out on a date - 1 . where would we go ? 2 . who is driving ? 3 . any ... body language , facial expression , tone and pitch of voice , expressed or implied intent , words communicated , reaction to my person . all indicators of the person's current frame of mind , how they feel ... go here - bookmark the scriptlet on the website . the next time you see an ad , username , or something you don't like on the internet , load this up . arrow keys to move , ... i'll just start with the goods - i'm a very tolerant individual . i've had to learn how to not tolerate certain behaviors . my emotions took me close to two decades to get under control . i ... put down the pipe dude , let's walk . angry ? time to walk like a cock . and here i thought honesty was a dead trait . # 1 . there's a divide on this forum of istps that believe in keeping to themselves , and those that are of service to others . do you look after the happiness of others or your own happiness ? and if so , ... thank you for your responses , this puts an end to a mystery i've been wondering about . it seems i am capable of displaying empathy after all , but i refuse to do it if it remains untrue to myself or ... first off , i do not experience empathy , nor do i show it to others . i believe there was a time i did , but it was a long time ago . i do not remember the exact reasoning why i stopped , but it was ... i'd like to know what the average is for other types ? okay , i can pick up my bags and leave if that will make you feel better . i was kind of you know , wanting to toot the estp horn a bit , but hey , if you don't like that kind of thing ... - sniffle - i heard you guys were completely and bodaciously awesome compared to other types . any truth to this or should i be asking the entps ? what can you tell me about your personal experience in people that are miserable , low self-esteem , and dragging other people down into that rut ? i'd like to know why people do this in the first ... when an enfp takes a romp through wonderland , it gets weird . when an infj takes a trip through wonderland - youtube - dr . no ( 1962 ) - theatrical trailer - © united artists youtube - top 10 of drugs not to do while driving a car . ambience being out of bounds or other worldly . i may be off base on this , but that's what isfp strikes me as . the cure to your istp problems is to club him upside the head a few times . provided you get his attention tell him he's fucked up . that should do it . the answer at least from my realm is a big fat no . [ edit ] there is creative , and then there is tasteful . stuff like picasso , sure , he was creative , i'll give you that . but half of his art looks ... can i tie you down ? i don't take too much maintenance , honest . i don't get in the way much , and i'm full of chocolate and [ snip ] . hey super , i'll show an interest in a cult if you worship me ^ _ ~ dev , look , we feel for you in what little fi we have . but your sick perversions are not ours . it's to my understanding a conversation took place and you now have an identity crisis . you use selective reasoning and you base it around other people . you go so far as to base your identity ( ego ) ... sorry , but that really doesn't make any sense . do you always try to rip on people when you are rejected ? i'm beginning to wonder why the istps on this forum have self-esteem issues . 1 . grab your favorite drink . 2 . open this in a new tab 3 . open this in a second tab 4 . open this in a third tab 5 . enjoy ! no , i don't know at all . i can't understand your half-baked and flawed reasoning . istps have a very high tolerance of whom plays in our sandbox . we don't openly shun them like other types at their ... i've lost any and all interest in speaking with you . goodday . heh . you have an identity crisis and you feel the need for attention eh ? you can quit pissing and moaning any time . you're not fooling anyone , least of all me . big smelly cow . actually in my intj awesomness , i have grinded the gears accordingly . i have observed , i have weighed and i have passed judgement . you specifically as a self contained human are a dumbass . alas , ... quit acting like a dumbass . says the woman that won't leave her coffin ! bs ! it's just more fun to goof off ! one second . i'm going to play that scene in reverse . dismissed ! * plays scene again * muahaha . wow , i'm surrounded by people with jobs i don't understand . ... i work at mcd's bahhahaha . guilty ! release the hounds ! welcome brother . will you help maintain the peace of the board from those that would defile it ? the battle awaits , come . * zc dons judge wig * order , order , order in the gym . the prosecutor , me , the judge myself , and the defendant i , begin the proceedings . judge zc : judge , hand me the evidence . * the bailiff ... there is a difference between evolving and devolving . [ edit ] narrator = extrovert the dude = introvert ... ... ... ... funny you mention iq . i was thinking that a person's intelligence can be seen on their face , and many use that as well as other factors about body language , speech style , whatever , to rank someone ... so what happens when you use your ti to press ... all of their buttons ? ! only one way to find out . i already tried that bit . and it worked for awhile . now ... people don't care . it's like ... ' durrr , let's durrr , and durrr , and durrr . ' maybe because summer is coming to a close xd [ edit ] i ...