' somehow , i feel that most infjs fall in love pretty easily . others may not really believe that we are actually in love , but we infjs know that we take love seriously , that is why others are even ... chemical engineer , turned mainframe programmer , the most boring job ever . dear pgg , i hate to say goodbye , but i guess i have to . thanks for the happy memories . sincerely , darkstar 13 dear weh , dear weh , i don't know how to start this , but i guess i am just melancholic today . i don't know how long would it take you to find an answer to the simple question of still wanting to ... somehow i think it's not a case of ' right love at the wrong time ' , it's plain not-meant-to-be type . o well , life is strange in infinite ways . i guess that is possible . i had a guy friend who loved my other girl friend for like 2 years , dedicatingly courted her for that time period , and for some reasons , my girl friend fell in love with ... bathing in the rain ;) 1 . chemical engineering ( though now , i am a mainframe programme ) 2 . i don't think my infj-ness has helped me . but it kinda suits my job , as i am always just sitting in front of the pc . 3 ... lol ;) so we can all be someone else . i am a christian , ( inc , church of christ ) , but lately , well , for the past few years , i have been having lots of ' faith ' questions , but i don't think i will ever be an atheist . ( yeah i'm an infj , ... dear goaty's wisdom tooth , farewell ! i hope you don't leave lasting pain . xd . sincerely , me . holding tight on someone so dear to you not only chokes that person , but makes them desperately try to get out dear used-to-be-close-friend , i don't know , i just feel paranoid as each day pass and you don't talk to me . you see , we had some issues , and instead of talking it out , you just stopped talking ... i think i am generally picky , but in a weird way . the first time i chat with someone , i sort of automatically know that i like this person to be my friend , and even consider him / her as a prospect ... dear you-that-i-wanted-to-be-best-friends-with , i just realised that you did not notice that we grew apart ( even if i terribly felt it ) because all these times , you never wanted me . you want the ... me too . i believe i am in this endless rollercoaster . i always feel i am giving too much , because i feel that's the only way to show you care for someone . unfortunately , my ' friends ' and i have ... dear someone-i-want-to-be-best-friends-with , do i look like him ? do i sound like him ? if not , why do you have to call me by someone else's name ? am i just a substitute friend when he is not ... dear goaty , you made my day unimaginably happy with your witty posts . xd sincerely , happy darkstar dear job , i love a challenge . sincerely , bored me . ps : i am being polite . well . reality bites . ;( thanks . actually , it crossed my mind that i maybe in love , but after lots of thinking , i concluded i am not . it's just that i have always wanted to have a guy best friend , and it so happens i ... thanks . and yes , it was terrible . considering i filed a leave from work just to accommodate him ( he visited the city near my place for his korean visa processing ) , and felt like he wishes someone ... hi seastallion ! ( i don't see a thank button , so i am saying my thanks here ) i have been gone and now back . pc is just a comfort place . it feels like when i am here , i am with people who really ... you are very right . however , i rarely meet people like that nowadays . i am like that - - distant , know a few people and make deep friendships with them . i am aloof as well , and very shy . and i guess ... have you met someone like this ? how do you deal with the situation when you are so attached to this person then all of a sudden you found out he is like that to almost everyone , and that feeling of ... hey everyone ! it's been a while since i last logged on here at pc . most of my old infj friends have been busy i guess , as i am , and have not logged on for a while as well . anyway . recently , i ... you sound exactly like me , especially hating clubs and thinking the real places to meet is school or conventions . what i did - - joined an org joined a volunteer group talked to a friend who ... 1 . i am a chemical engineer who ended up being a mainframe programmer 2 . i am hopeless romantic 3 . i love alternative rock and classical music 4 . saying ' no ' to people when they ask favors from me ... i am not sure if i have been completely honest with myself yet . i mean , i have been trying to divert my attention into really talking to myself for the past years . it knocks oftentimes , but i just ... it feels a little weird that you described exactly what i have thought of in my day dreams . it feels very depressing to have all these dreams crashed . sunsets ever since have been filled with lots ... i share the feelings . it may sound corny but i really loved seventh heaven ( the tv show ) , and i have always imagined myself having my own family like them . but being like us , i do not know how to go ... i think , contrary to what many think , soulmates are not just one person . and soulmates do not necessarily mean you are or you should be in a romantic relationship with them . i have two friends i ... i quoted only to reference you .. i loved your story . and i adore how good you are in music . it was like reading a teenage love story , it was so cute . i could imagine the situation as you ... i am . happy ? not really , but i am not sad . proud ? not really , but i am not ashamed . if given the choice , i want to be straight . i like this thread .. as for me , i'd usually dance to the beat of a rock music , or pretend i'm having my concert in front of thousands of people . sometimes , i lay on the grass pretending i'm in an ... really ? ? ? 6 ' 7 ? damn .. you're sooo tall . i'm a foot less than you . why do we have to be popular , i mean our thread ? the thing i like about infj threads ( well , at least before ) is that they are so pure and true - - well thought of and are actually very relevant to my ... recurring dreams ... i have three , for more than 15 years now . thanks for this thread . one week seems too long , as i used to think about this , except that i only have one day to live . well , with one week : day 1 . i will write letters to all the people that have been part of my life ... i feel for you . deeply . i also tried to speak up but it does not seem to work in the long run . i am asking myself the same question ... hello , i hope you find what you are looking for here in pc : crazy : lost chuck desperate housewives house amazing race psych kyle xy . : laughing : ( though it's already dead ) agree . i agree . but i think this more of not being able to say no than not being straight forward to people because we don't want to hurt their feelings when we say no . that's all . but for ... coward for me is someone who does things for convenience , even if not right anymore , or it is already hurting someone else . first and foremost , i stay away from doing this that i know would hurt other people , especially people i care about . but for cases where i have done so , i would not be able to face that person . my ... hi masterdood , you are not alone . and apparently , this seems common for infx guys . i also think you are boy-next-door type ( based on your avatar ) guy that is easily viewed as possibly gay by ... there is a local song ( i'm from the philippines ) entitled warrior is a child : lately i've been winning battles left and right but even winners can get wounded in the fight people say that ... everything may have been closed between you and your girl , but there's one thing that has been said that i just want to point out again ( since i wanted so say so many things , yet infjs here are ... for me , serious relationship = commitment = monogamy . '