' not a preppy kid , but i had my little group of friends that i hung out with all time . that was good enough for me righty , here infj pencil , pen and ink yup boiling anger , increased heartrate , heavy breathing , scattered thoughts sharp pain , sad withdrawal , internal reflection fuck you bitch , get the fuck out of my way ! rawr ! : angry : chilli : 1lb ground hamburger / turkey pepper onion garlic can of tomato paste / spag sauce can of black beans can of crushed tomatoes salsa , taco sauce , chili powder , cyanne pepper .. rawr its like being tough mooshball sent the isfp child article off to my mother and asked if she saw more of me in that in contrast to the istj and istp ones . her reply : im very good with following rules and am known for ... since leat said they see a lot of fi in my posts , and niss said i might be more of a feeler than i realized , i began looking up types that were fi dominant or secondary and welp ... it felt like a ... a difference between me and my brother ( who tests as an enfp ) the question was posed , why to you like pizza ? by bro went into this long monologue about how a perfectly crafted pizza is an art ... anyone ? broke into two parts so its easier to deal with i bolded what fit me : that's helpful ... : rolleyes : :P well , looking into the cognitive function stuff i read these two articles : ... how so ? any specifics ? what particularly gave you the fi vibe ? so ... we have votes for istj , isfj , intp , entp ? , and fi-dominant . yup . still confused ! : confused : so getting vibes is an fi trait ? dunno ' bout being a 9 . im pretty reactive and dont back down easily ... why not ne ? why fi over ti ? i dont know socionics , so that alpha-delta stuff made no sense ! : confused : what precisely made me sound intp ? you thanked my post about the type me thread , so thats why i included you . ' aww , thanks ( hug ) niss , daisychain , and 981wa_istj , do you have thoughts ? my thoughts are very fast , ya . could you go into detail about what specifically stood out as a pe , or fi ? ive made a type-me thread : all a y'alls opinions are welcome ! holy cow that was long ! i live in a fantasy world in my head . i dress plainly ( tshirts and jeans ) , dont wear makeup or do my hair ( down or ponytail , thats it ! ) . when bored i fidget , doodle mess with things--keep my hands ... - - - i zone out easily when bored ; lie is so much more exciting inside my head . im spatially skilled and find it easy to build things and rearrange things to fit . im the one that is called ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes ... oh geeze . i did this and got enfj . does that mean i must be istp ? i got a marginal or no preference for perceiving vs judging boat youre such an easy person to be around youre one of the most interesting people ive met one thing girls your age have too much of is drama . but you ? there is never drama i seem to be enchanted by sp's someone said my name : tongue : paper smell oh , thanks ! :) these are some of my latest ... evil minions heh , ive heard that joke before but its a cowboy , an indian and a muslim ... i take it as means i want instant closure . a mark of te , if i am not mistaken . im actually hesitant on changing or declaring a new type right now ; im still researching . but from what ive been ... im leaning towards istp , if i am any other type ... hmmm , i have a habit of going all word-dump when im in a conversation with people . like , i wont initiate a conversation but if someone else starts one with me i go blahblahblahblahblah firing off ... well , shoot from going back over the functions , i think i use se over si ... in this chart , i definitely id more with the se items : also in this ... heh , that reminds me . i used to refuse to wear skirts and , if forced , would compromise with skorts . the looked like a skirt , but since they were half shorts i could , and i quote , still climb trees ... what called out se over si ? '