' i see your time travel and raise you a hououin kyouma ! buahahahaha ! i watched the anime ( subbed ) and loved it . ooh , i'm glad this thread came back to life . i've migrated over to the witcher 2 ( replaying in prep for witcher 3 ) , back to tes v : skyrim ( got a bunch of new mods ) , saints row the third ( so amazing for ... a bunch of people already in here , huh ? spends 10 minutes desperately looking for my wallet which i just had , but i put it down somewhere . then i look down at my right hand . it is holding my wallet . sometimes someone will say ... harrison ford . : crazy : it was the best way to send lucas and spielberg a message after shoehorning ancient aliens into the indiana jones franchise . i think i know where this is heading . i am interneting correctly , right ? what ? civ v hasn't been and probably won't be released to any consoles . anyways , this kind of dumbing down is largely the result of people in high positions on the corporate ladder making ... mostly for the experience , with a small amount of curiosity and family pressure mixed in . i know i probably should have posted in this thread sooner , but i was too busy suplexing a shark wearing a bolo tie . you may ask , who was wearing the bolo tie ? you or the shark ? answer ; yes . ... to be honest i haven't seen any examples of this outside of the simpsons or anything by seth macfarlane . for the lulz , clearly . : ninja : i enjoyed it . the fight scenes really are top notch , and the while the rest of the movie kind of forgettable , it wasn't bad . if you like great visuals then you'll have a good time . one of the ... oh dang , 34/36 . i'm kind of surprised to be honest , although i do tend to look at people's eyes when i talk to them . 1 . yeah , with the variety of social media nowadays it would be easy to stay in touch . besides , it's not like we'd never be able to visit them . 2 . i wouldn't shoot either of us . i'd escape or ... original : and so , my fellow americans , ask not what your country can do for you , ask what you can do for your country . translated : yes , i would like to ask what . original : so , ta , you fine ... this site is good for a few laughs to see how online translators can completely skew the meaning of a quote . basically , you give it a quote and it has bing or google translate it several times , then ... snip you make some good points regarding linearity and player choice , but in response to these ... ... ah yes , board games ! i enjoy playing red dragon inn , cosmic encounters , munchkin , and battlestar galactica with my friends . 21 here , going on 22 in august . on the subject of feeling old , anyone ever go back to your hometown / wherever you grew up , see how it has changed , how kids are now teens , etc . and feel like this ? ... occasionally i sit down and wonder how is this even a thing ? people shouldn't be discriminated against based on what gender they're attracted to . end of story . a real no-brainer . i honestly don't think the graphics need to go anywhere . there are much more important things to improve . they need not stop simplifying everything ( stop using focus groups composed of 5 frat boys ... a bunch of games . the main ones right now are civilization v , the witcher , and deus ex human revolution .  keep it tight . yeah , i struggled through that one by blowing through all of my thermal detonators and frag grenades , as well as a few arkanian and mandalorian shields . if i recall correctly i've managed to get ... i've been pretty careful over the years , the worst pain i've been in is when my mom used tweezers to take out an inch long splinter / wood chip out from under the skin on the bottom of my foot .  ... my thought process here : she's played one of the kotor games . a-ha ! : kitteh : i second this . i would also dual wield , though my colors would be purple and cyan . also , why wasn't this thread ( or any thread really ) about hot twi'lek jedi from the start ? not sure if someone has already posted this , but , happiness : a good bank account , a good cook , and a good digestion . - jean jacques rousseau seems pretty accurate to me . this . balls , y u no have protective coating ? then there are those times when you're trying to pee and the stream splits in two or is otherwise deflected from the toilet bowl . and more ... pfft . as if i'd actually post in such a whimsical thread . i fart in your general direction ! wait , i thought it was 42 . carsomyr is a legendary claymore from the forgotten realms ( d & d ) , i imagine that's what inspired it . that . is . awesome ! ! ! : kitteh :: crazy : ( regains composure ) many , many thanks , dear sir . wazzaaap ? anyways , i got 18 % sx , 58 % so , and 42 % sp . the label social climber is terribly inaccurate for me , but the rest of the description seems to fit pretty well . although i could never ... hey , could you make one of these totally cool shields for me ? if you can make my plain color a bluish-purple and the metallic color a golden yellow , that would be great ! wrong again ? curses ! i'm sure this has been said at least 15 times by now , but ... what is a signature ? i'll take trolling for 500 . if they're being pushy and inconsiderate towards you , speak up about it ( tactfully at first , then less so if they ignore you ) . they're probably not intentionally being obnoxious . i used to get that a lot back in high school when i would grow out my hair . after a while i just got tired of dealing with the upkeep ( kept getting in my eyes , took longer to wash , etc . ) so i keep it ...  oh wait , i almost forgot ... i always assumed the canadians are too nice thing was a joke spawned by south park or some other comedy show , not a serious opinion people have . anyways , as an american i don't think canadians are ... i think something to keep in mind is that the god you describe isn't necessarily a being , supernatural or otherwise . i recently found this video series from another section of the perc forums , and i ... 1 . collect 5,000 non-spiral seashells . 2 . solve the np-complete problem . 3 . defeat noam chomsky in a staring contest . 4 . spend way too much time proofreading a list to change personality ... my signature gets me every time . here's the video i stole it from , if you've ever watched dbz then you will bust out laughing at this . also , this . ... i disagree , leaving the atmosphere means going into space . my dream life would be to explore space and prospect different planets / solar systems . basically , to be a crew member of the starship ... yeah , i hear you . i do think raw onions are worse than cooked onions , but i can't eat either . for me , it's like saying one dog turd smells worse than another one . i wouldn't complain as much if ... '