' i've been feeling a major void in my life for a while now , constantly feel like i'm searching . i love to learn new things and delve into them hardcore . started with nutrition and fitness and became a ... personally , although i'm always kind to anyone , i reserve my disgustingly seeet side for those closest to me . it takes too much energy for me to do all the things you mentioned for everyone . i make ... i'm in love with one - we actually moved to co together on a bit of a whim . he loves my gentle , sweet nature and i love his optimistic spazziness . he adds excitement to my life , and i ground him ... thanks for the suggestion ! i actually signed up in meetup , but somehow can't get myself to go . i've reached a pretty deep depression with not listening to my si ( and instead going straight ne ) by not ... i think you've caught yourself a sweet isfj . i was / am like this with my entp bf . answers above . but it sounds like he could also be infp ... what do i know ... anyway , isfjs are your dual , so it ... what would be the perfect gift from your partner ? i'm assuming something involving quality time and adventure , or perhaps something practical to nurture your si (; ) ) ... but am curious for a larger ... isfjs ? as a side , i love you guys and admire your use of se / ti ... it's quite attractive . and a more serious version of this isfj ... likely minus coffee . ;p after getting coffee in me ... it really makes most things better ! ;) just moved to boulder , co and want to make new friends . i always get along with estps . where can i find you guys outside of this forum . anyone here ? ;) to boulder , co ... away from friends and family . i've got my entp boyfriend , which is great ... but my fe is craving some brief social interactions and maybe 1-3 deeper friendships . how do you handle ... dear esfj , you da ' best mamma ever . i wish you weren't so insecure . everyone loves you , i wish you'd see that . sorry for any hurt i've provided you with , i wish i could take it all back . i love ... dear intp , i was being a typical fe user and thought you weren't the nicest person when i first met you in high school . now we're best friends after over a decade and i can't imagine a better one ... dear entp , your love is the best . you make me laugh 24/7 ; i admire your hilarious wit - you see what's not there . i love how you see positive opportunity in everything , exploring every little ... wow ... can you tell i have a boner for entps ? ahhh that sounded obsessive . 1 . unfortunately i can relate to this one . 2 . ... and this one ... but maybe it's just a me being lazy person thing and not an isfj thing . 3 . i relate to this , but have a hard time being okay ... thanks ! i find you istps and estps to be sooper sexy ... pretty sure it's that ti / se combo . love the confidence ti brings along with the fluidity and assertiveness of se real world facts , emersing ... you guys can get away with saying potentially offensive things that , if others said , they'd likely be scorned for . it's likely filtering your ne / ti through fe in which ( hopefully most ) people can see ... 2 weeks was enough for my si to clean up and reflect on ( still in the midst of doing so ) ... ne in burts is where it's at for me . but i admire it and enjoy observing it in action , especially the ... your modesty is what i love most . <3 yep ! :D just strolling in to thank you for opening my world to ne crazy . if it weren't for your enticing ( reversed ) stacking , i likely wouldn't have moved across the states to colorado on a whim , be homeless ... how do you deal with indecision when there are so many options ? i'm assuming it's an inferior ne problem . i feel like i can never get enough information to make the right big life decisions ... and ... van lady , personally i've seen a mix of female / male relationships mixed between the male and female being i / e . i can say from experience , i prefer an extrovert in my relationships ( i being the ... like teddy 564339 , my best friend of over a decade is also an intp . when i first met her i was an immature , underdeveloped 15 year old , and was offended by her and how straight-forward / outspoken she ... sexy entps - what are your thoughts on your inverted type , isfjs ? romantically ? friendships ? generally ? do you find intrigue ? annoyance ? attraction ? my mother is an esfj . between knowing here so well , and knowing what i do know of myself - this doesn't ring true for me . i internalize way too much prior to making a move or speaking . i'm actually ... thanks , wolvent 42 ! your videos are incredible - someday i'll let loose like you . ;) you , m'dear , are just lovely ! :D rebecca . m in regards to infj's making videos to help others - i truly want to do this , however , feel the need to pinpoint my exact type before i can help anyone else . similar to the idea of being ... mistakenforastranger copy and past the link - i think he accidentally linked to the wrong page . ;) agree with you on this - i'm much much more warm , almost slightly flamboyant when around others - i definitely need others ' presence to turn on this switch . when i'm alone , it really isn't there . hey sexy perc goers ! thought i'd broaden my range of input . peg my type ? information and videos within this thread : thanks ! ... also , posting this video to comb through the ixfj idea of the inferior and dominant . :P sifan had a chance to look at all the infj descriptions . i find parts of both isfj and infj descriptions fit . definitely the human-side of the descriptions . i understand we all use every function ... thanks for the feedback ! i'm sooo psyched about colorado and skiing is definitely on the list ! :D i would say all of this is dependent . i speak quickly and in more detailed when i feel knowledgeable on the subject . other times i need more time to process . definitely focused on my external ... sifan awh shucks ! thanks for putting me in the best presenters category ( even though i don't see it , i'll take it ) ! ;) here are my results : 529218 interesting , if you actually order my ... thanks , always nice to find common ground ! :) thanks for the feedback ! i took this particular test and came with isfj , next in line infj . :) to clarify on the stagnant statement , i meant i tend to get so inside my head that i don't make progress on the things in which i need to be doing in the external physical world to progress in life ... vunar thanks for taking the time to look at my previous posts . i posted a general reply to everyone within this thread via video , and but to reiterate , it's unlike me to put myself out there in ... video capturing a few pieces of what some of you guys commented on . also forgot to mention in regards to a couple comments mentioning infjs aren't the ... and confusedasheck we iz so sexy ! ;) ... that was insightful ! considering your response , likely another direct no response , but care to share the reasoning behind your response ? hey lovely infjs ! i'm trying to figure out where i belong within mbti . originally posted this in the isfj introduction thread , but thought it may be helpful to get some infj thoughts . care to provide ... appreciate the feedback . interesting to get an outsiders view . after reading drunk parrot's guess , i think he's onto something . i do find i relate more to fe versus fi , and perhaps the idea in which ... ^ . ^ just taken with crazy lion hair . 524506 but i'm on the is / nfj and maybe even infp cusp . rawr . who am i ? ! :P being a rebel and made a video introduction instead . : cool : feedback welcomed . be gentle ? ;) * edit : sorry for the durp face of the video thumbnail ... that sounds exhausting ... yet entertaining . ;) '