' as an infj , accepting others comes naturally through empathy , but that creates more problems sometimes . you get the realization that people change , but they change slowly and iteratively . as a ... estj and istj are the worst fucking types an infj could have for parents ... estj mom , so fucking controlling , trying to get involved in everything in my life . i'm not like my esfp sister , i may ... estps won't mature in our sense for a looong time , and quite honestly , i'm astounded by the few estps who are actually in committed relationships before 30 . it really sucks for infjs ... i'd get bored people after awhile if everybody was an infj , especially if the world is lacking in te and se the infj , with other introverted intuitives , are that special somebody you have in your ... lol what , $ 100 for all your classes ? impressive =] i think for the plus loan your parents have to start paying that off almost immediately , it's almost like a monthly payment plan . interest is ... also , if you haven't done this already , you can reduce your total cost of tuition by these methods : 1 ) living in an on-campus apartment or dormitory and having a campus meal plan is usually more ... sounds like your state / school are skimping out on the grants , if you need to apply for them . and they give financial aid based on your parent's reported income . if your parents are making way too ... haha yeah , i did consider the possibility that your post was a vent as well =] on that note , why the hell can't i just meet my infj girl soul-mate right now and be happy for the rest of my life ... you are here : the venting thread for infjs it all depends on your people skills , your skill / willingness to work in a technical setting , and if you are very ambitious in terms of career / wealth . also for the last one , be aware of the ... spanish teacher / tutor pros : you like it job market seems relatively stable and easy to find a new job , although not too large 55k is good pay straight out of college , especially considering it's ... as for business , you can either go the accounting route ( less potential income but still high , less competitive work environment , stable , but math based ) or something like finance for investment ... what are your strengths in terms of subject matter and people skills ? also , what do you / have you enjoyed doing ? btw , if you think computer engineering or comp sci is math driven , stay away from ... what's your parent's household income on their 1040 ? what's your annual cost for room / board / tuition ? private / out-of-state or in-state school ? if i recall correctly , max limits for the stafford ... 1 . what is more important to you ? the ends or the means ? ends 2 . in your opinion , what is your biggest flaw ? inability to live in the moment at will . key word : at will 3 . what do you secretly ... estj and estp , then i could get jiggy with those infp and infj girls , yaknow ? if you are going to ask for advice , make it easy for us to glance at your question and understand what you are saying , not make us do more work . yeah i do this too . people correct my metaphors alot because they aren't accustomed to metaphors used in verbal speech . i sometimes wonder if they think i'm an idiot : mellow : of course , the ... i'm organized , but in my own way . an exxj might think my shit is disorganized ( they usually do ) but i know exactly where everything is . with nonmaterial things ( not being late , planning my ... you are correct in that gre is required by any good engineering graduate / doctoral program in the us . are you aware of the sat ? the gre is strikingly similar to the sat in exam format , point ... blue , because i'm a guy , i have to like blue or green , or otherwise i'm a homo . for the high school job you had : managers / employers don't care about high school-level jobs ( cashier , stockperson , whatever ) . only ones that they kind of like are ones that show you developed / have ... + 1 all you need baby if ~ $ 150 each month is what you can afford in your budget for helping them , then i suggest doing this . don't give them the ~ 150 to help with their ' smaller ' expenses . instead , save it up yourself ... ni - possibilities in my mind's eye as opposed to whats right here and now or what i'm familiar with fe - picking up on other's feelings through eye contact , facial expressions , tone , diction , ... it's not quite clear who you want to help ( your brother / brother's dad with the moving-out issue , or your mother with the grandmother issue ) , but from context it sounds like you want to help your ... it's a great feeling because it's just a different experience from my normal ni mindset . i usually get it when i'm playing guitar or piano and i have to focus on getting the right chords or notes ... one thing that i've realized lately is that as an infj i feel like i'm better in a 1 - on - 1 setting , but that's just my own perspective . in a group setting , others are fine with the way i interact , ... i personally haven't tried any of these drugs , but i want to clarify that your characteristics seen with n's has more to do with j vs p than it does n vs s . p's ' live in the moment ' while j's ... about 2 years ago , i've been thinking to myself i'm not like anybody else i know , is something wrong with me ? maybe some sort of personality test online will explain myself to me . so i found mbti ... not only this , but the fi-te and ti-fe in terms of function order are 1st - 4th , not 2nd - 3rd . much easier to distinguish . because of this , infps and intps are worlds apart . when you are alone , how ... i learned how to type before taking those proper typing classes in grade school . as a result , i was used to my own way of typing . what about you guys ? having a general goal ( short term , long term , stupid , meaningful ) and meeting it . the satisfaction of meeting a goal is how i ' feel ' successful . personal goals for me would be continuing to make ... i don't ' approach ' people first usually . i let them approach , and then if i like them and they like me , we become friends . good shit , quick thinking you know you're an infj when ... after you go through a big experience ( new boyfriend / girlfriend , lost your virginity , etc ) you tell fellow infjs on perc before family and friends . i have one , on my left deltoid , just high enough to be covered by short sleeves . it's a nice tribalized dolphin in black ink . question about enneagram , if i take the test and get highest choices for type 9 , then type 1 , etc . etc . and then get so / sx / sp , does that make me 9w1 ? i don't quite understand the format , i see ... nothing is really a ' bad ' major , because unless your specifically studying for medical / law / vet / dental school , you will probably not end up with your first position being completely related to your ... one thing , the banks are more lenient about not having a cosigner , but you can always apply to sallie mae and see if will give you a loan . no cosigner ? how old are you ? if you are like most other college students financially ( not much credit history besides other student loans and a credit card or two ) it will be very tough to get a ... hmm not husband , but i have been told many times i'd be a great father an aa is practically useless . in this economy it's even hard for a bs to get a job that corresponds exactly to his / her major . 1 ) if you know how to drive well and can drive stick , be a hotel valet ... no mbti basis , huh ? estj relationships being young and being immature have little to do with each other . on the other hand , type / function determine the way people think and perceive , on a core ... how unperceptive =/ my mom is a healthy estj in her 50 ' s . despite the fact that she is my one and only mom , that i love her and we understand each other great ( albiet i understand her more than ... did he seem to ' get out of his way to do things ' around you , things that seemed like they were meant to impress you ? this stuff is more of a natural psychological interaction between esfjs and ... i think your boyfriend was ' horrible ' because of his main te , which dominated the style of his conversations , more than si . i wouldn't date an estj girl either , too cold and controlling . should ... '