' hi quang , you are great . : kitteh : hey y'all :p erc 2 : 9w8 here . i'm 952 ( 9w8 5w4 2w1 ) . am i too late ? please say it isn't so ... 263010 when you often have this kind of conversation : so : you're not right all the time , y'know me : but i am ... * smirks while gently patting his back * just accept it . it'll make your life easier so : i ... 255994 when you're coming up with creative concepts , you just study related data and just ... wait . it'll undoubtedly come when it's ready . sent from my ipad using tapatalk when you shudder at the memory of accidently saying ' irregardless ' while having a conversation with your ex-boss 3 years ago . * facepalms again * - starry night sky - new baby smell - walking into a bookstore ! - wearing something new - listening to my dad's childhood stories , yet again . not so much the stories , but that he enjoys telling ... hey , twin ! :D * long bear embrace * i'm glad we've moved on and made peace . my istj sister never forgave my mom and they're not on speaking terms . it grates her and she's full of resentment but she ... hmm ... never thought about it from that point of view before . i started reading stephen king quite young . fascinated by the occult , supernatural and all things morbid . serial killers are intriguing , ... yeah , i only remember bits of my childhood , though not most of it , too . i pretty much retreated into books and ignored whatever was happening around me . the bits i remember , though , are either ... 247882 when you give away a zebra patterned umbrella your sister gave you cause it attracts too much attention stultum tapatalk sucks when posting images . can't figure out how to delete either . sorry to stress your eyesight ! :) sent from my ipad using tapatalk . 245778 i don't think so , either ... but this is fun ... another capricorn infj ! ! january 11th - infj is your mom estp , btw ? she sounds so like my mom . she was a housewife , went out socializing all the time and only returned in the late afternoon before my dad came home from work . hot tempered , quick ... when i see that little pop-up notification on my pc that my torrent file has finished downloading . : happy : when my colleague gives me some biscuits she baked the day before . heck , i smile even ... my mom took me to a movie , invasion of the giant spiders , when i was 6 resulting in an irrational fear of spiders from there on . also took me to see alien when i was 10 . everytime i was ... 244786 the hobbit : the battle of the five armies when you still feel the shame finding out postmortem that you pronounced paradi-gem during a presentation 17 years ago ... i was afraid of war . probably about 8 yo then . i would imagine soldiers shooting their way in and killing everyone , grabbing my sister and i and rape us . i didn't really understand what rape was , but ... oh . that's why . heh . hi there ! i fell for that , too ... very clever ... :p roud : hi taconui , wecome to perc ! and here's some junk food ... 94707 i'm sort of new here , too . everyone are super nice ( so far ... ) and definitely very helpful . hope you find what you're seeking ... when all those faith in humanity restored photos make you cry ... even thinking about those photos make you cry . god dammit . sent from my ipad using tapatalk that would be jrr tolkien , alwaysadorkable . :) it's a line from a poem in the lord of the rings . my cliché infj quote : my feeling dark quote : my lazy quote : ... 1 . inevitable disaster . will it hit nearby ( 5000 lives lost ) or in a larger distant country ( 5300 lives lost ) ? nearby . less lives lost , less guilt . though the guilt would ultimately kill me 2 ... you know you're an ifnj when you're still beating yourself up for jokingly calling your best friend pimply monkey when you were 12 and she said you're mean ( that happened more than 20 years ago ) . ... yeah , read somewhere that george rr martin is too busy playing golf and enjoying life . some fans went crazy and started bugging him to continue writing . and he said everyone had better stop or he's ... both , too ! tyrion is my favourite character ( of course ) and arya . yours is obviously sansa , huh ? can't wait for the next book ... hi princessofthenight ! nice meeting you ! i'm infj btw . also new . everyone is really great here ! hi magicalgoldfish ! i'm an infj . i call my brother goldfish because of his forgetfulness . but since you're magical perhaps this isn't like you , no ? hi story ! the 221b got my eye , too ! i love bbc sherlock . oh , i'm infj btw . also a noob . welcome ! hi kc ! i'm an infj who loves naruto . haven't watched others yet , just lotsa studio ghibli stuff ( are those considered anime , nway ? ) favourite character is the ero senin ... hi shadrala ! it's really great knowing there are others like us infjs . hi joshu ! i'm an infj also pretty new here . hi fancy intj ! i'm weird infj 9w8 i'm also a newbie and enjoying myself quite a bit here . hi sansa ! i'm an infj and i like game of thrones , too . like you , i'm also a newbie , spent some time lurking . so did you read or watch got ? both right ? thanks , joyflow ! yeah , we infj's really appreciate good friends and stick to them forever ! say hi to your friend , yeah ? from a fellow infj . i truly am quite glad to have found this forum . i feel ... oh yeah , the sex / drug ( just weed ) addiction is totally spot on , too . i'm not complaining , though . ☺ spot on . totally describes my husband . when he tested as enfp , i didn't believe it . but then i thought about how he's the one who initiates conversations with total strangers , anyone at all ... infj 9w8 . daily weed smoker . nothing else . thank you insert username . i'm looking forward to getting to know everyone and their quirks . you guys are funny . 😄 thank you everyone . i feel so welcomed ! 😄 i normally just lurk on tumblr because they are kind of scary ? everyone here is so nice i'm really glad to have found you . ♡ '