' i don't know what the f * * k is up with all these guidance councilors recommending people quit school . i'm sorry hunny but it is a really bad idea . take it slow if you have to and stay for a fifth year ... i think the esfjs are usually too busy partying . welcome , nice to have another one of you around . : welcome : gutentag ! actually i think infps are pretty good about taking a loss , i mean as much as anyone can be . :p roud : distant . rainy . awkward . hiyaa : welcome : enfp with an intj ? i imagine that can be difficult ? keep up the good work hun , : hugs : katy perry's hot and cold for infp , and probably enfp as well . my observation has been that infps are very suceptible to depresion . suxs cuz wer really awsome . this is one hell of an intro , hello new enfp : welcome : this is so poetic for an intj it depends on what you mean by commitment . exclusive relationship ? sexual relationship ? married ? i just googled faction / alignment . i had no idea what it was before . i think the line crossed , is when living in your own head and avoiding others begins to have negative consequences on your or people around you . living in your own head , can mean loosing touch ... so , i guess you are a fan of hp ? : cool : a couple of my friends decided to take a fifth year in high school to improve their gpa . i dont know if that is an option for you . : happy : i misspoke . i should have said ostracism not isolation . choosing to remove yourself from society and being thrown out are not the same thing . i would not equate no possessions with no ... this has reminded me of the story of diogenes and alexander the great . a beggar who insulted a monarch . and supposedly alexander replied if i was were not alexander , i would choose to be ... do i have a wright to set unreasonable terms ? this would give the supplier quite a lot of power ? now i have to decide who is deserving of such a drug ? what does that mean , on their own terms , like free from coercion into providing a service ? i think you need to make some sort of romantic gesture . don't tell then why you are worth it , show them . would you be happier , if you were of no service to anyone ? i suppose there are a lot of people who are greedy and entitled and will take advantage where they can get it . but then there are those ... its difficult to help here since i don't know the specifics , and i guess you don't want to reveal too much . you believe that there is some benefit to going through this uncomfortable experience ... i get the feeling that this is more about your lashing out then it is about the parents issue ( whatever that is ) . so you need to let them know that you are on his / her side . i don't think it would be ... salut les francais ! j'adore les croissants ! ! tv . i cant quit . are you sure your not pregnant ? my first instinct when faced with the question was voldy . hands down . however , voldemorts weakness is that he does not give a shit about other people and therefore cannot understand their motivation ... without knowing whats really bugging him its difficult to give good advice . i think maybe give him some space until hes ready to face whatever this is . i think you are just trying to be a good ... i do not believe that he gave a shit its true . he might have died very happy . however , it took too long for anyone to realize he was dead . i don't believe he had any family but , all of us as his ... this is so typical infp . this does not sound like a routine more just habits you do when ever u want . there was a man in my neighborhood whose body was not found for a week after he died alone in his house . that was f & @ * ing sad . ... excuse me i have to call my mom . ignore the ads , gurl . theirs is a good way to get to know the theories a bit better , its simpler than the traditional myers brigs . come on ladies , post some pics ! pretty please . distance learning takes a lot of discipline . its all up to you because you do not get the support of a classroom . forgot to say good luck :p roud : venting is good . so you are already doing great . the thing that really helped me get through boring classes 1 . studying with a friend ( someone in the same class who is doing the same ... welcome . im also pretty good at fucking shit up . here is a link if you want to find out your imbd type . could help you sort some things out or just fun . 711690 its something about the shoulders for me . hes so prettyyy ! ! ! yes . if some one close to be becomes ill , i start planning how to go on without them . in secret of course . people are animals too . : happy : nop , i don't get offended or angry or disappointed . but sexism needs to be dealt with . in this type of situation i would prob say something cheeky and humorous , no doll , you are as good as any ... public library may have an online version . one of us . isfj's i find have very steady characters , very reliable , have their shit together sort of people . i find this very reassuring especially since i can be very chaotic or indecisive . my isfj is my role ... that link was supper helpful . thanks for posting . : happy : you only met him 3 weeks ago ? how can you even be sure he is an estj ? do you even know if he is even thinking about remarriage ? you may be moving too fast . affair ? yep rent is a problem . there are no perfect options . i am making rent work by have more roommates then can actually fit in this apt . did you ever think of moving ? to a place where the job markets is at least slightly better ? even if its just for a short time , a change of scenery and some new faces could do you good . ps . we all ... '