' oh yes i have read these descriptions , i just used these two words because they seemed to express better what i meant with optimism and pessimism . thank you . you have an amazing way to be patient ... i'm not sure if i'm an intp anymore but this question is interesting , hope you don't mind if i answer : have you ever considered it ? nope , i'm obstinate . i always try to think in a solution to ... the gazette - pledge hi , so i was happily reading the description of lii ( intp ) and ile ( entp ) in socionics , and thinking : aha ! these two are so much like me ! then i took 2 questionnaire in 2 different forum and my ... interesting , do you like archaeology ? i know of an brazilian skeleton that has to do with the theory of human migrations : an ancient skull challenges long-held theories - nytimes.com luzia woman ... i'm very recluse now , and i have 18 years too , i'll follow your advice and try to go out more.well ... now i perceive that i have probably mistyped myself because of my actual seclusion . double post , sorry . polexiasmallpox , tom soy sauce , drmiller 100 i was comparing myself to one intp friend i have , for me it's much more easy to talk to someone if the person start the conversation , while he does ... i need you by my side , helping me flourish my constant flow of emotions ... even to write it's painful . i'll man , thanks , i can relate to most things you wrote ( except , of course being outgoing ) when i'm not talking to people i don't feel happy , nor sad , just neutral.when talking to others i feel happy ... i'm like that too , another interesting thing is that some people said that i can talk about anything , this happen to you too ? anyways talking about feelings , or showing empathy is the hardest thing ... hard question , polexiasmallpox . usually when i find something interesting i have to show it to someone , but i don't like to talk about daily things ( work , family , these things ) noz i don't ... thank you drmiller 100 ! interesting , sometimes i have an desire to be more social , but i rarely try , i also have read that entps can step in the other shoes , i do it since i was a child . theology lol , your photo is sooo cool , omg i'll download it . thanks for your opinion , have you ever read quiet ? in the book the author say something similar , she says that extroverted can be shy , ... lackofmopsman , are you trying to beat the record for the fastest thread response ? hmm understood , i'll think about it , thanks . hi there ! i was doubting if i'm intp or infp , this problem is solved , but now i have a new problem , if i'm intp or entp =) when i read about the cognitive functions my first thought was ... ooow you're so cute hi , i'm invading infp forum again , it's cool here . i don't have friends too , i lost mine one year ago , in the beginning i was sad , i value friendship , specially because of the book it ( stephen king , ... now that you explained i agree ( i would continue the discussion , saying that i do not totally agree , but i created a counter argument to my argument that just proves that you are correct ) . you end up ... yippy , valkyrie_feathers , orangeappled , whateverlolawants , ellicat , telepariah , deceived i would like to mention everyone who responded , but i think it's enough , i'll try to make an ... i understand you , i just can't stop reading and searching and learning things , information is food for me . my problem is that sometimes i stop learning something if i get bored . about clothes and ... splendorous . difficulty to eat chocolate because of the form , infps are surprising , i liked your photo , and your hair ( if it's really you in the photo ) . marvelous . yeah , we can't truly believe in these site descriptions , i hate when i read an intp description saying things like one of the most intelligent types or can detect a error of logic ... superb . i need to know more about descartes . yeah , but i still have fear of things like black holes ( yes , sometimes i try to imagine how would be to get near of one ) . i knew that it was not this translation ! but hey , the two is very similar ! the two have the word mirror somewhere in the phrase . use whatever you want no one you notice the little differences . i ... splendid . naming things seem to be cool . but please define animals as moral superiors in your opinion . do you think that a dolphin who play with their hunt , or some species of birds that while still ... perfect . it should be hard to expect that others show this same kind of respect , it's common to humanize things a little ( e . g damn ! why this dumb chair is here ? ) but infps seem to exceed the ... i understood your point , but you wrote that sometimes you feel bad when you have to kill an insect , because you don't want to harden yourself , or to turn yourself in a cold person , what i meant is ... wondrous . sometimes i talk with my computer too , usually i have some kind of superstition about electronics . example : if c happen more than 2 times to a and i observe a b pattern i'll start to ... i have a cousin intj ( he didn't even needed to take any test , i showed the intj description and said here : it's you ) . i don't know , when he is dating with someone he make jokes about their ... do you like wicca ? i think it's a interesting religion , the problem is the feminism , i think that because most religions believe that the man is the most active or the most important many feminists ... i think i misunderstood what humanize means , sorry , yes i had a max steel , a random soldier , and a spider-man , i liked to create crazy stories with they , my favorite was the soldier , one day i tried ... world domination ? maybe next time , i'll sleep a little . amazing . i don't remember well but i think that i had never humanized any toy , but i had an imaginary friend , then i started to analyze and perceived that it was just me , talking to myself , i still ... my fear only begin when i start to think if spirits exists , and if someone is near , observing . the movie is snow white . fantastic . like i said before , when i watched toy story 3 i started to have some kind of apreciation ... i don't know what i feel about toys , i just like they . incredible . hahaha avoid walking in the floors ? yes , it's irrational , like fear of the dark , i have fear of the dark ( when i wrote this the iron maiden music started to play in my head ) so i ... wonderful . apologize to electronics ? cool , years ago when i still have a videogame ( not psp , i didn't remenber if it was the first version of ps3 or the elder ps2 ) i started to kick it when some bug ... that's why i like infps , you are weird , and i'm weird too but in the intp way , i think i have no more doubts if i'm an intp or an infp . awesome . i don't care too much about toys , but i like ... hi ! so i found this link : infp appearance | oddly developed types then i started to think : is that true ? infps do really try to find some meaning in how they wear ? ok , that's normal with ... that's pretty normal for me , but i learned to don't show my distraction , when i perceive it , i try to pay attention for some seconds to say something , but sometimes i say things like yeah , umm ... maybe the reason for being indecisive is an strongly developed fe . i haven't considered this yet , mostly because it's was unconscious , i just figured it out now , when i was trying to know why i'm so indecisive . but now that i know it , i'll try to control . yes , that's my problem , i see so many possibilities that i freeze and start analyzing everyone , and i can't satisfy myself while i don't find the perfect choice . i usually don't care too much for the others feelings , i just try to not hurt anyone , but my main difficulties are not because of the feelings , but because i have fear of choosing something wrong , i ... depends on her mood , the only thing i don't like in my mom is that she speaks too loud when angry . but my mom always try to understand me , that is cool . i think it's because your extroverted feeling ( fe ) is poorly developed . :( cool , my mom is esfj too ! 1 ) knew that sleeping with your belly down to bed increases the chances of you having an erotic dream ? about your question , i believe if someone wake me up in a hurry i get very moody , only that ... '