' the martian by andy weir so good . so istp . i got makeup today . i think i'm gonna look ba with lipstick . like i'll crush your throat with my heel ba . rip i am sorry for your loss this is me at a party smoking an electronic cig : ( him ): is that tobacco ? ( me ): no , just nicotine .. ( him ): i don't think i can be friends with you . ( me ): good ... bye . she talks to me everyday almost constantly , we skype almost every night . she has invited to spend a week with her at her school and said that i could crash however long i want . she said we could ... i loved that game as for my talent here is a a link to my soundcloud if any of you are interested in hearing my music :) i don't know if someone likes me or not . people are confusing . i have a hard time trusting people . i find myself observing others and seeing their behavior and decision making process before i decide i want to be friends with them . don't look so much into it . just because some of the type does what the description says doesn't mean all the type does . you don't have to fit into the whole picture to be us what's the difference between in laws and outlaws ? outlaws are wanted . ' hell ... i can do that ! i respectfully disagree . here's my thing , if you are one of those people that send me a text or a message and i don't respond in ten minutes and you start sending me text , after text , after text , i will not want to respond ... wanna give me this recipe sir ? constructive criticism is fine . however , being a dick to me is not fine . hmm .. yup i guess i'm weird . she was my favorite character in skins . so funny . the blues lost in ot :( i don't care ... <--- classic ( i'm gonna ignore the other responses and tell you what i think of that response personally * the other responses are still valid * ) if you are with someone who acts / does things that do not fit your ... as a homo myself i would be delighted . tell him what behaviors are bothering you . maybe give him an example of how he can improve himself . no one can change unless they want to change . if he wants to change for you , he will . if he ... sounds like you're trying to change them by giving them an ultimatum . probably wont work . father estj , mother istj everything needed to be clean and orderly in my house . i hated it . diagnosed with bp ii . i'm on meds now to help me out . i'm glad i went to go see a medical professional because i didn't feel right and i had no idea why . well ... i would make sure the people i cared about were safe obviously . buuuttt if i had the opportunity to do anything i wanted for 12 hours ... man ... i would have so many options . i have more than one friend who is an infj . i like them . they can be guarded and reserved but i'm okay with that . i think they enjoy my company but sometimes it's hard to read them . dear infj i had a blast this weekend . i hope you did too . sincerely , istp ... well fight club ? ? ... i don't like beyonce . ... at least you have alcohol ? ? i kept to myself and had almost no friends . istp i'm also istp . can confirm this gif is accurate . i went camping for the past couple days and it was so nice . i fell in the creek though ... twice in a row ... and it was about 40 degrees outside :/ but my headlamp survived and my cellphone . it was a ... it's crazy how putin is an istp . but it's also awesome ? i would probably just give her some time to think about it then . if she wants you , she'll let you know . do you know if she's into girls ? lmfao i stopped at 5 . anyone who has a brain knows that if they ever want a successful relationship they should not follow those rules . vyvanse helps me stay productive . my thoughts are less muddled . things are easier to understand . done and done . nope . sorry . i like making music though . it would only be one liners . uhh i usually am vocal when i want to be / or am in a relationship . there really won't be a question about it . ... hard liquor . i like dogs but i'm really such a cat person . i just like cats more . flying . it would be so much fun . has anyone watched the purge ? ? ? that's my solution to poverty and homelessness ... just kill them ... problem solved ! it sounds terrible but it would work ! '