' sometimes i feel that it is easier emotionally to be an outsider ... isolation is comforting for a while but ultimately it is always debilitating to the point of utter chaos for me , so i force myself ... i am yearning for a companion . 1st sex when i was in my late teens , first great sex was 36 . people really do get better with age . though i don't have double digit notches in the bed post . but i find casual sex largely unfulfilling . lots of fun ! back when musicians performed fucked up on god knows what joe cocker w / leon russel . you're funny ! i've travelled to a double digit number of countries , i'm an avid outdoorsman and i think that an infp may have made you feel insecure somewhere along the way . i think that you'll find ... it's not whether you win or lose , it's how you lay the blame . - unknown best jazz-fusion band of all time  i am capable of being very manipulative , when i was younger i was really about manipulating people which always led to a sense of extreme guilt . these days i try to always check my motives because i ... sometimes laughter comes out as a sort of veil . for example sometimes people laugh uncontrollably at funerals when they are confused emotionally or overwhelmed . this laughter may not of had anything ... merry christmas everyone ! i can't figure out how to get the photo vertical and yeah , i'm cross eyed ... feeling kinda blue . my younger and only brother is 27 and people ask me if he is my older brother , i'm 37 . if anyone ever asks my age and i tell them they usually seem pretty surprised . good luck ! also , someone once told me that the definition of a non-clinically depressed bottom is when things get bad faster than one can lower there standards and asking and / or accepting help was the best way ... 1 . have you ever considered suicide ? yes 2 . have you ever attempted to kill yourself ? no 3 . what kept you from killing yourself ? the realization that suicide is a permanent solution to my ... absolutely amazing , it's like classical guitar / flamenco / coolness it sounds like 4 guitars at one point . i love interesting people that can converse well and are genuine , but on the other hand i get really nervous especiallyaround people that i don't know ... the kicker for me is , when i've had my fill of ... 1 . have someone to love and adore who loves and adores me . 2.spend more time with my son 3.to be able to travel with my son and / or wish # 1 . i have a hard time wrapping myself around the idea of the permanent nature of a tattoo or branding or whatever especially as i get a tad bit older and realize how the stuff that appealed to me in my ... i'm probably going to sound like a jerk , but if i'm hoping things go in an intimate direction , and i perceive the friend zone is eminent i almost always jump ship . love my job ! ! ! have you considered changing your perspective ? i think you might be comparing your insides to her outsides . one way people shoot themselves in the foot relationship wise ( no matter what personality ... i'd like to be a peasant please . oh and can we make it a democracy , i'll vote for refugee to be king , he seems fit ! i just turned 37 a few days ago , and i feel better today than probably ever ! ! ! when i was younger ( i'm not old ) i used to want things like girlfriends , sex etc ... but a mentor of mine told me that ... dignity is the only solution to this problem . in world leaders and romantic interest intelligence is pretty important , but i take good friends in whatever form i find them ... there is more to being a good friend than iq .. also there is a big ... will be awesome ! glad it's over ... cool ! but remember , sometimes life just happens while you are making all those plans . what are your interests and hobbies ? sailing , hiking , painting , sculpting what kind of food do you eat ? slow foods primarily are you vegan , meet eater , healthy , not healthy ? i am mostly ... yes i did ! jerry garcia doing a bob dylan cover willie nelson with ray charles - seven spanish angels - youtube ray charles has so much power in this song .  i just want to be the type of person that i can approve of . infp was the pair of shoes that i was given and i've walked far enough in them that they are starting to get pretty comfortable . all aboard ! ha ha ha ha ha ha haaa ! ay , ay , ay , ay , ay , ay , ay crazy , but that's how it goes millions of people living as foes maybe it's ... fun sagittarius , but i'm not sure i agree with the description . i just wanted to wish everyone a nice thanksgiving ! content at this very moment , and savoring it . '