' it's one of my daily ' music doodles ' , one minute compositions basically . hello everyone ! sorry for the long break , it wasn't really a break since i pretty much spent half the day everyday practicing my compositional skills . those of you that still remember my first ... hello everyone , sorry for not posting or keeping you updated on my music and all . i've had tons of books i had to read . i'm not done yet but i just wanted to say hi : 3 and gonna start making some ... how to not piss off an infp by cthulu . 1 ) pretend you just payed attention to what they said 2 ) nod and smile 3 ) ? ? ? 4 ) profit ! ! ! hotspur ahh i've been away from this forum for so long . i can say that i've improved a lot and i'm working on a new song for some time now :) i finally figured out how to program subtractive synths and frequency modulated ( fm ) synths , as well as make badass synth riffs ( that are also simple and memorable ) that goes well with vocals ! eh , ... i live in a supercaliflageristic world , and i use words other infps cannot comprehend . jokes aside , cool poem bro + 1 riiight . nothing much . you ? i suggest you turn the volume down a bit at the start or r . i . p headphone users . ( note : this is just to keep you guys happy until i finish the serious song i'm working on :P ) ... umm ... what i don't like pop , reggae , country , hip hop , rap , yada yada , and i'm pretty immature . ur friend mad ? you're most probably an enfp . being silent while the teacher is talkin is necessary anyway , plus you don't seem as annoying and rude as us infps . you could be an ambivert .. can you tell us about your tendencies ( i . e to talk more or listen more ) qq i've been spending quite a lot of time working on a new one , also trying to get some miku vocals in it . reason why i'm taking long is work , and the difficulty of writing lyrics , last but not ... gestalt yeah satanic . riiight . i'd say just untalented . what happens to people who are french or japanese and cant speak english but like that crap ? oh wait its a conspiracy and they know which ... it sounds a little lq and it could use some white noise + reverse crash , melody or pad at the part where the bass and drums is just there . i like the part at 1:32 a lot though . well , see if you like my own shitty track i made a few days ago . oh really ? , , / , here is my horrible , disgusting , narrow taste in music .   atheist apostate infidel here my ring finger is longer , it annoyed me at times on piano since i accidentally touched an extra note for a split second when playing chords , went away with practice . giving me coffee may cause me to fall asleep right after . whenever i listen to metalcore , i feel more relaxed instead of angry . this is the kind of good shiz i'm talking about : ... by your definition , almost every vocalist , keyboardist , electric bassist , electric guitarist's music as lifeless . don't get me wrong though , most of the people are kind ^ ^ dont go there i consider pop to be , pop , unless you want to define something else like rock as a lifeless material lying around . you all know what i mean but you're just being douches , i am disappointed . i consider myself fairly lucky : childhood spent most of it in africa ( my parents are brazilian [ private ] ) in kenya : almost got kidnapped . twice . i was four . in ghana : got malaria for a week ... ah , i can relate to that . my girlfriend dumped me , ( yay for me , she was seeing some guy and she was starting to piss me off ) and suddenly all the 2-6 hour conversations with my best friend ( who ... awesome : awesome w e s o m e i thought i described pop music pretty well on my first post ... misleading reply well , metal is metal , the ones i consider to be crap is the ones where they spam one chord and one drum beat . otherwise , it's cool personally , i think it's sh * t . not just sh * t , but it's like some artists went to a sh * t factory , stole all the sh * t , put it in a blender and called it pop . god i hope that thing dies before i do . i ... infp male and entj female this i have to see souled in that was random souled in what's up ? having trouble writing lyrics for my song ? ^ ^ get on their good side in any way ( no , not that way you perv ) possible . worked for me so far . good luck ... it's my latest one so far ( i started music in general about two months ago ) i make instrumental music for now .. i suck at lyrics . melody , rhythm , djing , blah blah is all me . i'll rap battle you back ! just wait . one day . soon . also , that's not me , it's a song by mindless self indulgence can you write lyrics for me plz ty pm me anyone badass okay ... date # 1 : rejected date # 2 : rejected date # 3 : rejected ... date #9001 : rejected man am i lucky or what no , thank you ^ ^ i think my heart stopped for a second there's not much i want to do besides continue playing music . i'm an atheist but ... mindless self indulgence - thank god in the twilight of my life i don't need no grammys rock my gay acceptance speech most of all i'd like to .. thank god for ... '