'  this is one chilling horror movie lol , i thought i posted the original version better call saul is an excellent show that ended its third season last week . the show is very emotionally complex , and the acting is awesome . i really cared about the characters , and they're not ... i've never bought at lot of physical copies of albums , as streaming music became more popular when i started getting into exploring music . in my room , i have more blu-rays and dvd's in my shelf than ...  in 2011 i discovered jackson browne through the movie taxi driver . a month later i would get very depressed , as i was both tired of school and felt alienated from my friends . i felt really lonely at ... you have a brilliant mind . politically active ? 1 . donnie darko 2 . 2001 : a space odyssey 3 . goodfellas 4 . the godfather 5 . paris , texas 7.5 / 10 . cool music   yo johnny , since you're talking about my favorite movie and we obviously have oddly similar-looking avatars , i thought i should remind you of and recommend the new 4k remaster by arrow video . it's ...  when i was younger , my anger could easily lead to slapping or pushing , but now i usually have it under control . however , when someone tries to rile me or when it's obvious that they have bad ...  season 2 of the leftovers . an emotional , captivating show with many great characters . still reading it by stephen king , a large book indeed ( 1300 pages ) . it's very well written and has some great moments . plus , the mysterious overhanging evil makes it easier to get invested in the ... couldn't find the whole song on youtube i feel like this song is plucked out of a dream . wild tales . highly recommended movie from argentina . six stories in one movie . the third one , my favorite , is intense ! i just revised my list . 1 . donnie darko 2 . the godfather 3 . goodfellas 4 . 2001 : a space odyssey 5 . taxi driver 6 . paris , texas 7 . a clockwork orange 8 . blade runner i can't remember any particular scene i cried the most , but when i watched the station agent for the first time , i cried many times throughout the movie . it touched my heart because of its message ...  wow . the music video gave a new meaning to this beautiful and sad song . i recommend the gift ( 2015 ) if you like good dramas with several layers . it manages to be a well-made thriller while also dealing with an important subject matter . as an infp , another movie that i ... the babadook inspired by 10cc ' s i'm not in love ? great song . having read about stephen king after seeing an episode of the tv show adaption of 11.22 . 63 , i became interested in his work and began reading it . disturbing first chapter , but it has got me ... “ the minute i heard my first love story , i started looking for you , not knowing how blind that was . lovers don't finally meet somewhere . they're in each other all along . ” - - “ there is a ... i've begun reading the call of cthulhu by h . p . lovecraft , but i would like to hear suggestions for other great horror books . after finishing reading dracula by bram stoker , i watched francis ford coppola's adaptation . what i hoped for was a movie faithful to the novel , and respectful to stoker's legacy and work . someone ... trait score percentile yeah , i liked how the story in the leftovers was vague in the first episode , foreshadowing things to come . hidden character stories and the different groupings . based on what you said , it seems like ... yeah , i feel you . there's a lot of great shows , and it's hard to pick out the best ones . i wouldn't say you'd waste your time watching better call saul . great acting , interesting story and ... great , i hope you find use of what you find . and as a christian , i certainly hope that you'll be a christian eventually as well ;) jesus answered , i am the way , the truth , and the life . no one comes ... superpowers . anything that can increase my self-confidence , so that i don't have to worry about failing and getting hurt . i'm so sick of procrastinating and wasting time . motivation to do ... '