' gives me the esfp vibes , tho . oh , and the crab mentality you brought up . that's very good , should be brought up more often as we know by research already how very saturated , unhealthy social environments makes certain societies ... 20:51 convo starts . on the neurograph copy of a real personality from 2014 how it perceives life as booted up in the os of a robot diver suit in the future of 21xx something . very philosophical , ... 7:21 bc the scariest thing for me is dying and a slow death bc if i die instantly , sorry if this is morbid we talk about these things , infps talk about these things , okay ? xddd xddd i laughed ... i don't understand portugese but i believe this topic is very much worth talking about . a fascinating ramification is forced child labor in the factories and as chimney sweeps . there was a lot of ... tempos mores . the good times when ads were allowed in the authenticity forum . xddd xdd all is done under the sun . well done , very complex , detailed summary . liked the fine detail on security of a concept . true , especially the still more vague parts of mbti , enneagram . i'm both 4 and 6 , it's living hell , ...  life is full of shit ! ( so / sp 4w5 with 2w1 ? ) life is full of honesty ! ( e3w4 ) i've been to a point more than once where it all seemed that wanting to live is but a suspension of disbelief , part of you connivingly submitting to conditioning ( lacan's real ? ) . a point from where ... i have some thoughts on your input , quernus . i don't like the word darkness . i'm coming from the neurosis angle , e6 ( instead of e5 ) and i value expansive viewpoints , instead of sourcing ... i happen to be a virgo and a virgin at the same time . :D dd then another institution / state apparatus has to be set up , parallel to the medical system , the official grim reaper & co . , haha , jk . there's always this horrifying mental stretching going on when it ... a better citation for the campbell text : campbell , joseph . the hero with a thousand faces . princeton , n . j . : princeton university press , 2004 . pg . 1 . confession of the day : i'll never grow up . that globe shrouded by clouds ... now that's unconventional ... ain't that the representation of the physical planet underneath the non-physical belief system territories ( astral planes ) where souls ... this sounds sx-dom . i've seen more of these long-winded demisexual definitions around ... as if they acted as an ad hoc vow , a verbalized , loud but public pledge to oneself against the mere thought of having just a ... well , fudge , ain't that just about the old enneagram 2 mantra , the exact reversal that i only go beyond regular with those who believe they know me and who need me to care about them ? a lot ? haha , lol . mwhahahaha , speak about inferior functions they turn it all off for that pure angel helper image ... :P hahahaha , xddd , xddd , yea , sex is the road to enlightenment , couldn't have expressed it better . i think osho had identical views with that ... actions speak more sincere / direct than words . and then they remark you little pervert , you've been hiding all these fantasies all this time ? ? yea , who knows what else ( earthly ) they hide to enhance that mysterious / serene air of infjness . i've found this song very ... inspiring , in a strange way . damn , those infjs tend to find the weirdest , strangest songs ... wow ! ( i don't follow the lyrics , so for it had nothing to do w / sex or love ... very neat , i must say . smart stuff . just don't let the money kill the creativity ( ! ) :D but it's not more genuine than any of the pop artists were able to get at one point in their career . one moment of contemplation about why they've been selling their souls and the next they go on ... we all play along , then wonder at the news . perry does the same , probably hence her producer ordered for sthing bit more serious that she passed on to her director to make sthing up and her ... yooo , i dig that don corleone outfit . just don't waggle that kalashnikov too publicly ... my first reaction was : this infp means business ! but a schizophrenic granny shouldn't be barred from euthanasia just because doctors are paranoid that someone might be pushing her bc of her fortune . the elderly are especially victim to a lot of ... yea , you got that from the video but actually there was no self-sabotage and destruction portrayed . nothing has gone wrong with the props . people weren't forced out from the illusion . people ... that ending stare was the most subversive . the choice of the ' 80s post-modern jean baudrillard-kinda disneyland spectacle is a bit old school for katy perry , even as i remember some other ' 80s style ... 6 . opt . typo dignified * death * so . there're a couple of countries that have it a wee bit more liberal , than others . i think about sweden and belgium . but i did a bit research and it's still fairly burdensome , costy , connected to ... ... so i wanted to type a unique response , as long and detailed and thoughtful as the others ' but then it hit me out of the blue that i don't know the answer . have the faintest idea of any solution ... i second that ! it's hard to get there , to shed the image , self-consciousness , but when we're really there , man , there're no words to describe it , it's a diff . reality . ... so i wanted to type a unique response , as long and detailed and thoughtful as the others ' but then it hit me out of the blue that i don't know the answer . have the faintest idea of any solution ... how emotional can intp 4s be ? i'd say : fuck it ! ! ! fuck it , fuck it all ... , girl . isn't that something relative to boys ' interest ? as in beauty lies in the eye of the beholder ? make your tour , take turns at each guy in your ... maybe a cultural thing as well . it's like each culture / nation has their own standard / allowing for expression of sadness , melancholy , complaints . i think american culture sucks big time when it comes ... hahaha ... oldie but goodie another one for the quiet hour ... hidden gems out there ... i just like this song . i dunno , it somehow sounds funny when she gets jumpy and chastising . :D dd so you're saying the most sp / sx she is when she disintegrates into an 8 ? do you think , then , that she's more social ( ly aware ) ... cute fringe i dunno . i think , tho , ur a core gut type . ur like a gargantuan abomination trying to pose as a ballerina @ ' head in the hole ' cardboard . infps ... wake uuuppp ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! yea , partially resonates . there's this thing when i get caught up in my hobby horse , soap box , big topic , i tend to forget about possible others outside , raise my voice , etc . but i won't become a ... first bolded : can you give me examples ? second bolded : my example : naturally , i can be persuaded to get off a topic . as i mentioned earlier , my mom does this to keep the balance and peace . it's ... '