' if you have other questions that could help you figure out my type then feel free to ask barbara in my username is because i like barbie and her real name is barbara , and i like electronic music ... i wrote wrong , i act like it doesn ' t bother me , sorry my adobe flash player doesn ' t work 673314 6733 38 673346 6733 30 you are the kind of person who helps others without noticing it . thank you very much : ) it ' s really helpfull a ) i like harmony and notice immediately the dynamics in relationships between people . as an example , in my last job in a call center a girl smoked and had really bad teeth , i talked to people ... thank you i didn ' t know sorry strange test . my result was : 673154 why ? is it possible to know why ? i hope it wasn ' t because of the discussion about spamming and entj i always balanced with material things like smoking . as a smoker , i would study and smoke and so on . then , as i stopped smoking , i would eat comfort foods out of stress . i used also to have ... i stayed in my city instead of moving away and stopped smoking and my health improved , i wouldn ' t have stopped if i decided to move away i think sometimes funny coincidences happen to me , an ... i would not expect to hear : you really worked hard , you gave up all fun and relax in order to do this , it was hard but it brought great results , congrats people always told me to be more quiet while speaking , maybe because of misophonia because i like it , and because in italy the other subjects in my city aren ' t appealing to me , i would have had to move in another city and pay the rent if i had choosen translation . i would have ... in italy there are a lot of lawyers and most of them have relatives that can help them so no , you can ' t make a lot of money from that in italy , except you sacrifice everything to study it in a ... i like it , but i prefer other types of music . what are the things which you would not expect to hear said to you , things that would be extremely rare or just never are told to you ? i copied this from the infp forum : ... i think i ' m isfp but there ' s also the possibility i ' m infp . i had both results in online tests , among other results . anyways i would not expect to hear : you really worked hard , you ... i use to think about funny coincidences in language . example , on a diet forum the girls often write i think and i think about the word thin which is contained in i think lol . it ' s maybe ... thanks because of the grammar correction i meant you study mbti very good and seem at least emotionally involved in school and write a lot about it and mentioned your teachers in one post so i ... feel free to ask questions thank in advance entj because writing short posts is not spamming and you ' r acting like a policeman moderator without legitimacy . also because you like to study things and give people directions about what do to ... other isfp ' s or dreamers and creative people i think strong feelings and emotions . and calling more than once a day . even once a day is too much . lazyyy . i think by taking action and do things in time , not procrastinating and be more active . i just think sometimes it ' s also health related . the isfp type might let people stress them out to much without noticing it , and they should go for walks or take more care of their physical ... every day , we think our lives pass before our eyes without seeing how our thoughts influence our reality all the time . while thinking we don ' t live enough , we already live in the meanwhile . it ... i usually use this informing style when i don ' t know what to say , maybe he just wanted to talk or wanted you to tell him to buy the bread together , or he wanted you to tell him to buy the bread ... i like asking questions instead of answering them , and often small talk doesn ' t bother me . i like people who make me laugh . i don ' t draw much even if i think it ' s funny . i write sometimes . anyways i wanted to say there are real good artworks here . it ' s gorgeous i think some isfp ' s aren ' t artist in the conventional way , they might be creative in their thoughts without expressing themselves that much in real life i know what to avoid : call center , selling things , trying to convince people to buy something you don ' t like that much . anything independent is good . i answer generally that it changes during time , i was used to accept one night stands and relationships bored me , but then i stopped wanting physical contact years long i see people saw you as an intj in the mistyping game lol funny coincidence , it ' s similar to the type i mistyped enfp trying to change them by giving the good example , often without success ignoring them and their sounds what is difficult is to not show them you have a problem and being fake , i ' m not ... i personally think it ' s so mean that it ' s really good sarcasm . the path of symbols , as i thought was meant , could be the attitude the isfp has when dealing with other people and taking for ... i just found this : , i think this quote might apply to me : ... what ' s the type in your opinion ? thanks that ' s nice from you : ) thanks for typing me yes i ' m a little obsessed but now i stopped dangerous behaviours i had thanks to an online community about eating disorders and my weight is ... thank you that makes sense lol :D thanks that ' s really helpfull , i think both have aspects that are similar to the aspects of how i feel , it will be difficult to decide : d i had the isfp result and then infp in another test , the first one through 16personalities.com , the second one through keys to cognition , does anyone else had both results ? cool that ' s one subject i was not very good at in school . why not the sight ? cool that ' s one subject i was not very good at in school . why not the sight ? i had : summary analysis of profile by focusing on the strongest configuration of cognitive processes , your pattern of responses most closely matches individuals of this type : infp , lead ... the thing about seeing bigger picture is part of the default anyways i would like you to type me if you have questions , maybe i ' m not any of them but something else '