' i mean i get the whole safety thing , but i'd probably raid ulta and other beauty stores . imitation of life ( 1959 ) i have a strong dislike of all pseudosciences . i think it really depends on the individual . because to contrast , infps are often associated with being good writers , and language is generally associated with the left side of the brain . but i , ... this chille gone have a fun life i vote for the one that looks like ermergerd but isn't ( nickname emma ) infp 1 . marina and the diamonds 2 . azealia banks 3 . little boots 4 . two door cinema club 5 . moko 6 . laleh 7 . janelle monae 8 . yelle it would really depend on the details for me . like , does his remorse seem insincere ? can i save this drug for a loved one or myself ? how do i know he enjoyed killing people ? even then , i'm ... part 2 : ... this might be kind of long , but it's worth it ! ( star wars tales : extinction ) part 1 : ...  ... can not find the regular version on youtube or soundcloud ... so nightcore it is ! edit : can't listen to the other version now it sounds way ... like i should've gone to bed an hour ago ... my past therapist told me i was very empathetic ... so , no ? i think , sometimes , i can sort-of ignore the emotions of others , but not consistently . i personally have never thought about it . although , i have thought of running off to somewhere else before . americanized fried rice watership down wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the west at least imo edit : + mccarthy's the road i think i'm generally a two , but on under stress i quickly turn to something like a six . this seems a tad eccentric to me : rolleyes : the purpose of this thread is to post some songs that you deeply identify with . it could be the lyrics , the beat , or tone . whatever suits you . ( i wouldn't post all the links if you have 10 + ... * logs onto pcafe * oh , look . another self pity thread for infps . that's nice :d ry : . but really tho if i see one more thread about how inherently incompetent i am , i might just explode . i dislike characters that run away from their problems and don't face their emotions . * cough * ifemelu * cough * americanah * cough * i'm not normally not upset by callous characters because i , ... fleetfoot loved it . i've added this song to my main playlist and found it to be really enjoyable . the video itself was also really entertaining . ... your cognitive functions : extroverted feeling ( fe ) | | 12.14 introverted feeling ( fi ) | 11.85 extroverted intuition ( ne ) 9.65 ... agwood thanks for the abstract ! sorry if that came off as argumentative , i was just curious . criticism-esque ramblings : while this may not be a popular opinion , i feel like it's ... where are these studies ? and honestly , i feel like this would relate more to enneagram than mbti . do i fit these ? + for yes - for no supposed ' negative ' characteristics : emo - loner - lives in a fantasy world + pushover - writes sad things - soft-spoken - no . my triscuits are pepper flavored >:( well , as far as human evolution goes , the consumption of meat was needed to give our developing brains more protein and energy . but i admit that in modern times , for some , it would be possible ... i like to name my cats after plants and plant related things . like clover and rose , not things like atropa belladonna . scientific names are too long . i'm so fucking mad . this is bullshit and it better not be real . please excuse me while i go ... deviantcode hmmm i have mixed feelings about this song . i liked it more and more as it went on , but i feel like in order to form a definite opinion , i would need to listen to the song a ... i seem to have brief periods of grace , but i'm generally really clumsy . i hit walls and doors pretty often . well , without graphs , i think that would be around a 4000 word paper . ( probably much less with ) i would plan everything out and break up the paper into four even sections that you can finish on ... pagan astronaut i thought that was really cool . i love the penny whistle . interesting song , don't know that i've ever heard anything like that before .  ... goosepeelings during the intro i was like ... and then realized that this was , in fact , a song . makes me think of horror-esque films ... i haven't fact-checked this or anything , but i think it has some interesting points . keep in mind it's by college humor , in case you're sensitive to crude humor .  ... one time i skipped half a day of a school camp i ended up hiding in a parking lot with a friend 1 . how do you feel about this or that type questions ? ( ex : coke or pepsi ? ) i suppose they're ok ... i'm pretty indecisive , making most questions like that take quite a bit of time . 2 . do you ... meh china veni vidi vici . you know this means i am a loser right ? learnt it as a kid i think your reaction was very reasonable . i think people that behave that way are just trying to reinforce their identities and protect their insecurities . so , in this case , your professor is ... msmiracleglitter my ears are in pain . but thanks , hun : wink : for me , being rich isn't really my end goal . if i turn out to be very successful in my career of choice and i made a good amount of money , then i think that'd be great . but i'm not choosing my ... in my opinion , there's just a little too much reliance on stereotypes on personality-cafe ( myself included ) . i think this happens because stereotypes can be helpful in grasping the ' gist ' of a ... oraphel i loved this . i listened a couple of times . i really like the bridge ( ? ) at 2:02 , especially the ' forms in the hideaway ' part . edit : i was too slow . next song : metasentient not ... i liked it ! wasn't quite what i had expected from glancing at the cover , as i'd never listened to ' escape the fate ' before . really liked the lead vocalist .  ... natalie portman is an introvert ... i honestly think that it's just too difficult to correctly type someone that's still a child ... i think this is offensive and extremely close-minded . i honestly don't have the energy to rant about this . mbti types should be used to help us better understand ourselves and others , not deem ... '