' you , my father , and mother think so alike . your question appears in many forms such as : why would someone like him date a bitch like her ? or why she live me for him ? its the ancient question of ... esfjs , esfp , and estps . among the honor students intps ( for their intelligent humor ) , istjs ( for their hard work ) , intjs ( for being smart ) . enfjs and enfps are sga presidents , but that does not ... this movie saw it for the second time , but this time i actually watched it closely . i loved the movie , but now i love this movie , one of my favorite . the symbolism kills me like oh my god . its just ... i would print a tesseract . 75561 i like mai men wit huge cockz . it haz 2 b more than 10 inches . and i liek 6 packs . real men haz abs . only nerds dun't . hahaha . lulz . : tongue : not necessarily . i am well known for my ability to write and speak . i know entps who can't say a coherent sentence if they tried . when i was a kid i was first , entp , infp , hardcore unhealthy istj , currently intp aspiring to become more intj if each mbti personality type was to rule over a society , in which would you rather live in ? taken from intp forum . just out of curiosity . i believe that we already live in an xstj society , but if ... what were you in high school ? nerd , gamer , computer geek . idk . still in hs did you go to alot of social events ? no how were your grades ? okay , i don't try . so some classes are iffy did you ever ... i'm getting that feeling again . the one where you feel like your dreams are slowly dying . yesterday , an istj said i intimidated her , which was weird , because no one has ever voiced that i scare the shit out of them . i'm actually relatively short , at in comparison to her and my peers , so ... how is life now ? i am not eridan ampora . the rules are simple . type the people in the conversation or type the characters . so it's like this , the person above you posts their conversation and then the person below types the conversation ... cheerios commercial . i'm pissed at the responses . when i sleep on my back , i snore and have bad dreams . yeah sure . bring your family and friends . bring popcorns and a seat . bring a video recorder , because it's gonna be good . i don't think i know any enfj guys in real life , but the minute i meet one , we're getting married . high school . facebook . twitter . and saddest thing is i would probably kiss someone in public . like in a bathroom . or a locked room . idk . from elementary school to middle school , no person really liked me platonically or romantically . the minute of the summer 8th grade started , the boys and some girls kept coming in ( no pun intended ) ... some of you enfjs have a nice taste in music . keep it up . yeeahhh ... sorry for intruding . this is unfortunately me . this is what i put my family through . * sigh * dad - estj mom - istj , i think little bro - esfp little sis - entp dog - es-i'm kidding . i don't have a dog . food . if made it , i know it's good . when i try to flirt consciously , it's an utter disaster . i can't do it . i usually flirt with clever or smart remarks that might go over your head if you're not too bright . my smart flirting ends up ... i'll actually have to admit , i wouldn't be where i am today if it wasn't for the push of my nigerian parents . i have a lot of immigrant or first generation friends that agree that the one of the main ... i take sophomore honor classes as a freshman . my grades are decent . 3.6 gpa . i just don't try hard enough . i put as much effort i feel like putting which is minimal . this pisses off my teachers so ... this is a good question , because they're a lot stereotypes about istj and istp which makes it hard to type someone at times . i actually was so positive that my friend was an isfj , until today . i was ... this is too timely . today , i woke up at 5:45 to make my 1st period class crepes . i bought whipped cream , nutella and jam . i made the mix by hand and cooked them with the help of my mom . i lied to ... i because if you don't something to live for , i'd better find something to die for . intp : quality time touch i express my love through touch and aos . death . i cannot function and my fe explodes everywhere . an isfj i know one time lied about seeing a movie , looking me in the eyes , completely deadpan . of course , she didn't remember awhile back i ask her if she had seen that movie and she said no . i ... touch is weird . i have no problem in giving a hug and other touchy stuff . that's me initiating it . if you initiate it , we might have some problems . long story short , i like touch more than i'm ... dear infp , you are not the goddamn victim ! ! take responsibility dammit ! stop blaming to your screw ups on everyone , but yourself ! stop avoiding your problems and then lying about them ! stop being ... it's interesting . i started a post a few days ago about two people i know who i believe to be either isfps or isfjs . i'm pretty sure one of them is an isfj , thanks to teddy 564339 , but i'm still ... she's also not very quick on the uptake and can be very insensitive at times , for example , talking about something that would really bother a certain person right in front of their face . i don't know ... is she an unhealthy isfj ? i know these two kids and it's killing me . i have assumed up that they're both isfp , because i can't figure them out , but i keep on second guessing . can you guys please help ? the fist one is a good ... okay , when i was real young , daycare age , i was shopping with my mom and i remember prior to us going shopping , i saw my mom putting coins in a hole and money came out . so i thought , wow . that's ... intps god , i made it awkward . track kids ... it's always the track kids . i don't know if this works , i'm 90 % sure she's an isfp . but here it is . me : have any of you guys ever been electrocuted ? isfp : i electrocuted myself trying to get a piece of toast out . i was ... i love you ... please don't feel this way . even arrogant know-it-alls think we're an arrogant know-it-alls . all of humanity . it's just that time . dear istp , i love you . you're just love you . i remember when i first met you , i thought you were a huge prick , but now i just look back thinking haha ! huge miscalculation ! you are so brutally ... dear istj , i'm sorry . not that i did anything wrong , but for your suffering and what you have suffered through . you are one of the most unhealthy people i have ever met and i know it's not your ... '