' dad was a grouchy old estj . i've inherited his work ethic , his practicality and frugal nature . ( though i'm not as much of a curmudgeon as he was . ) and his love of sci fi and fantasy . my mom's been ... as missjordan pointed out , putting unlimited money out into the ( hypothetical ) economy would cause inflation on an epic scale . so i would ration my ( hypothetical ) spending over time . i would give ... financially conservative , socially liberal . independent voter . non-religious istj here . i do volunteering and such , but nothing with a religious orientation . pretty much anytime i'm working , particularly if it's something repetitive and mindless . ( which much of my job is . ) it's very zen . look for the person who seems really intent on his / her work , to the extent that he's either ignoring or annoyed by whatever else is going on around him / her . that might be one of us . ( of course , we ... all of them . ( ah , the joys of adulthood . ) atlanta - - driven through a few times . used to live in augusta , ga ( 2 hours away ) austin - - used to live in san antonio , an hour away . visited a couple of times . boston - - went to military ... when i'm talking about pain , i'm referring to physical pain , and not emotional pain . on others [ intentional ]: as a career choice ? i . e . doctor , dentist , surgeon , veterinarian , soldier , police ... it's the state capitol of texas ( i'm sure you've heard of texas ) . nice town . hot as hades in the summer though . 65 % atlanta 65 % washington , dc 60 % austin 55 % denver 55 % las vegas i have no idea how it came up with atl . i don't like atl at all . not the weather , the traffic , or the culture . dc is is too ... i don't have cable , so i end up watching things on netflix long after the season is over . dexter doctor who lost ( though the last few seasons weren't very good . i just kept watching to see what ... 1 . would you ever consider going bungee jumping / skydiving ? for recreational purposes , heck no . in the army i had to do some of this sort of thing ( rappelling ) . it was my job , so i did it . 2 ... [ quote = hello 317 ; 1530353 ] that's interesting ! never tried this . i meant that we usually ended up going to the mall ( which is what teenage girls with nothing to do and no car frequently did in the ... 1 . why do you always look so mad ? are you mad ? ( asked by your friend who's not that close to you ) huh ? what ? do i look mad ? i was thinking ... that must be my thinking face . 2 . lets hang out ... hm , some of it sounds like your subconscious throwing up occasional emotional grenades at you . some of it might be hormonal . ( i'm definitely gloomier and more easily annoyed at that time of the ... i think my mother is / was an infp . ( she's had a serious mental illness since i was 12 , so it's hard to say for sure . so when i talk about her personality , i'm talking about how she was pre-illness . ) ... i make decisions very fast . often too fast , in hindsight . i guess it's my strong j preference , but i can't stand open-endedness . i gather as much relevant data as i can within a fairly brief ... my weird thing when embarking on a new relationship is that i automatically memorize every conversation verbatim . if the object of my desire mentions some slight detail about his great-aunt tilly , ... these titles mean less as you get older , but i think it's safe to say i'm a nerd , with slight geekish tendancies . ( i always liked doctor who and the star trek series , but i'm not obsessed with ... i can be interested in almost anything in the short-term , but if i think the subject is silly ( astrology ) or too trivial ( what happened last night on american idol or whatever ) , i'll tune out ... maybe the random cupcakes are an enfp thing . you know , kind of the opposite of what we would do ? i suppose you're right . still ... an istj getting kicked out of the military ? it's hard to imagine . we normally fit right into the big machine like we were custom-made for it . you seem like an istj with a very balanced f / t . a kinder , gentler istj . ( i voted for you as an isfj at first ... but upon reflection , i would probably make that istj . ) i haven't noticed anything ... nicely put . if whatever's said isn't near the mark , i'll just shrug it off and think , geez , what a jerk , and go about my day . if i think there's some truth in it though ... oh , that just eats me ... 1 . he is probably not deliberately trying to hurt you . he doesn't know what he wants , which isn't that strange in a 21 year old whose life is suddenly in a state of flux . he may be trying to grab ... i'm 39 , and this sounds pretty much exactly not like me , so i don't think age is the determining factor . i only have so much give-a-damn to go around , and a lot of things just don't make the cut . so , ... i agree , the enneagram is kind of a pain in the butt compared to mbti . my scores were crazy the first time i took it . 9 , 3 , 6 , even 8 , i think . really all over the place . totally unlike the mbti , ... evil has meant a lot of different things at different times and places in history . let's look at some things we consider abhorrent , but which were perfectly normal , good and accepted in other times ... thanks , i think that carrie fisher quote is brilliant . i don't mean randomly predictive . i mean , i had dreams where i was in a room , with a certain group of people , and someone said or did ... i went back and read this whole thread just now , after i posted . what a great discussion . kudos for talking about something like this both sensibly and sensitively . that's extremely rare on the ... i'm not sure the op meant just physical abuse ... though in any case , some women will take advantage of the never hit a woman law ingrained in most men's heads , and will use physical violence ... for much of the time i was in college ( the first time ) i acted very different from the way i had before , or the way i have since . i was extremely needy of other people . i hated being alone . i was ... i don't believe in the supernatural . however , i'm open to the idea that there are natural phenomena we don't understand yet , and those could encompass things that other people call supernatural .  ... i'm not naturally talented at reading body language . i've had to teach myself as i've gotten older . i don't think it's something with which a lot of istjs are gifted , though maybe it's just me . depends on the type of risk for me . i'll do some things most people would consider risky , if i've planned for them in advance . i've traveled by myself across most of europe and a lot of the us , for ... nope . i make enough small talk to be pleasant and polite , but i don't feel the need to go any deeper with 99.9 % of the population . if i am genuinely interested in someone or something , i'll make the ... i'm 39 now , and i was probably about 30 when i took my first online mbti test . i've always tested as an istj , though i only started getting more interested in it ( and how istjs relate to other types ) ... i vaguely remember letting some other kids copy my latin homework . i never cheated on a test . i did , however , steal candy from a local grocery store on a few occasions when i was 12-13- ish , so i ... i've always felt like an outsider , except for a brief period when i was in college . ( not sure why that was different , unless it was because i was shadow-me , an enfp . ) i can feel like i belong with ... i can count the number of sick days i've taken in the last 18 years on two fingers , and i had perfect attendance every quarter when i went back to school for another degree a couple of years ago . ... i agree with the others that istjs have a deep obsessive streak . i get deeply into the minutia of things that pique my interest . once i feel like i've learned everything i can about something , ... sounds pretty normal for an older istj to me . we really like our time at home . it's our haven from the world . i think that quote a man's home is his castle was probably coined for an istj . do you carve out time for you to take care of you , emotionally and physically ? yes ... as an introvert who has the luxury ( or misfortune , depending on your perspective ) of living alone , i have ... indeed , but i've never seen anything like this on a mbti website . psychological type profiles pure mumbo-jumbo . edited to add : when i call it mumbo-jumbo , i'm referring to the physical ... i read an article recently talking about the roots of gossip in evolutionary psychology . how it would have been a useful survival strategy when we lived in small groups to know who was sleeping with ... for those who don't know , the socionics types are slightly different from the mbti types , so using your mbti type there might be misleading . i personally find socionics to be about as believable ... i'm in the keep your head down and do your job camp . and as my work persona is hard working , polite and innocuous - - vanilla , even - - i don't inspire strong feelings in most people one way or ... i started drinking coffee when i was twelve . i freely admit i am addicted to it . i've had to give it up before ( no caffeine allowed in military basic training ) . it was a long , long eight weeks . 1 ... i fantasize plenty . i have no problems making up stories , plots , conversations , alternative histories , etc . what i've never been able to do , and what it sounds like your istj couldn't do either , ... '