' lavender . chamomile lavender tea , lavender oil , lavender candle , lavender fucking bodywash . . . honestly just fresh lavender . or . advil pm / zzzquil / trazodone ? ? ? lots of wine ? ? ? me dad's a muggle . mum's a witch . bit of a nasty shock for him when he found out . jk ( get it ? j . k . ? ! ! ! lmao i'll shut up now ) . my mom is such a strong person ! she's always provided and ... suuup bitches ? ! [ was that a cool enough intro or what ? ? ? ] it's probably been two years since i've been on this site ( mostly bc life happens and also bc i forgot my password ) . and a lot has ... yes , he was my first love and sometimes i still like to think he was the one who got away . we were friends in high school and met through a mutual friend that he was dating and that happened to be ... your score was 70 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the high machs , people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated , people who ... narcissism 1.4 9 i'm sorry that happened to you ): i hope you have found a solution to your problem with your therapist . i kind of have a similar issue to yours and was wondering if i could go ahead and share it ... kismet is another word for destiny and that's my first name . kismet is usually already taken on most sites though so i added an ie to the end to get my username = kismetie , because online i go by ... aw , thanks (: my avatar kind of reminds me of how i feel most times . apathetic and not of this world . i like your tumblr btw i'd agree with this too ; that being said there are certain personality types who are more prone to things like depression and / or suicidal thoughts . it is commonly thought that infp's are usually more ... ever since i saw this one video comparing and contrasting between infp and infj , i've found i'm very fond of andrew garfield . here ' he video , if anyone is interested : ... yes to : chronic long term low level depression , two major depressive episodes , social anxiety , rejection sensitivity , suicidal ideation , meds and counseling fuck . i wrote a long piece to this . . . and then realized i was just ranting and probably not making much sense . but to answer your question on why i try and avoid making contact with my ... i wouldn't say i follow too much on existential philosophy or nihilism either . i however do get hit with frequent thoughts of both existential and nihilistic nature . i remember reading that ... all i know is if people are born intrinsically good , they don't stay good and are easily swayed down alternative paths . expressive facial features . non verbal communication . i resonate with earth * tru * i feel your pain . i just graduated a few weeks ago with my b . a . in psychology and now i feel like everybody is looking at me under a magnifying glass simultaneously watching to see what i plan to ... ohhh , as am i . i've always been drawn to magic and thought / wanted to be a witch when i was a little kid . i kind of grew out of it around middle school and just wrote it off as being super ... i hate sleeping on my back , because i almost always have a small run in with it that way . but it seems like it doesn't matter which way i sleep , if it happens , it happens . the likelihood is increased ... thank you everyone for taking the time out to give me some much needed advice . things rarely turn out the way we plan them , eh ? so , i managed to kind of fuck up everything but did what i wanted ...  um , i'm not sure on his mbti type , but i'm pretty sure his enneagram type is 8w7 . i don't live with him . he tries to see me at least once a month and we usually communicate over the phone twice a week or so . all the excuses i used to use are gone now . i just graduated college and ... i guess i'm most worried about a combination of things . i don't want to hurt his feelings , but i know that's unavoidable unfortunately . but i'm mostly worried about the drama that is going to be his ... hi guys . i'm here in need of some advice . how do i tell my father i want some time away from him ? he's just not that great of a person at the end of the day and i'm tired of him being around ... the artist : shy girls on my spotify playlist dreamer fits me to a t , haha . cool concept . very interesting . i really like the examples listed under dreamer even if there's nothing to really back it up . i think you should stop hanging out with these people ? and if they are in you work environment or somewhere where you have to be in the same area distance yourself from negative people . i mean i ... i totally agree with black lotus on the ' two halves make a whole ' thing . i think that's where i made one of my biggest mistakes , in thinking like that . i definitely saw a part of me in my friend that ... pulls on my heart strings every damn time . . . also ( more personal songs ): everything is embarrassing by sky ferreira savior by rise against ... i wrote a reply that i couldn't duplicate if i tried , but pcafe fucked up and didn't post it ): i'll try my best to reiterate what i wrote before . since romantic feelings are indeed involved , i'm ... god , i wish him and you the best of luck ! andd i really , really hope you don't get burned in the process of trying to help him out ): and as sangoire mentioned , things become even more messy when ... all my other weird experiences have to do with my dreams . when i was younger i would see what i call shadow creatures . they were just inky black outlines that crawled one all fours and had white ... i've always had a very active imagination . so since i was a child , i'd always just assume it was nothing special if something weird would happen . i've always been drawn or felt some kind of pull to ... pandora , spotify , the radio , or just whatever music is saved on my old ipod . i've always been a hummer , since i was a little kid . my friend always tells me i'm constantly humming a tune and asks what ... welp , i guess i fit the description you had in mind ! xd definitely agree . for an temporary escape from reality . to alter my mind and way of thinking . i don't have much interest in taking lsd like i used to when i was in school , but i'd still probably take it . i definitely ... born and raised in los angeles , california (: la pride i've only done it a couple of times and i can't say i really liked or disliked it . what's come to be apparent to me is that concerts have become a source of anxiety for me ): unfortunately . i used to ... sometimes i really think i might inadvertently end up turning into a druggie :/ i've never even done any drugs before , aside from weed . i mean i drink alcohol and caffeine is a steady part of my ... i also deal with bouts of existential depression . at first my only real problem was that i was socially anxious but then my anxiety triggered the onset of depression . not really being one to ... i was raised baptist ( a branch of christian , i guess ) and attended catholic school from 2nd grade all the way til graduating high school . i never thought much of being christian or god , but for 6 ... i'll be 23 in may . never been in a single romantic relationship and honestly haven't had any new successful platonic relationships in a few years now either . a lot of old classmates from my ... , well regardless of your age . try and not stress too much on this issue ( which may be easier said than done ) . you have the rest of your life to figure it out and become more sure and ... derp , i don't know how to tag people , sorry ! * * note : oh look , i tagged a person correctly ! * sigh * as i feared , this post has gotten out of hand and i'm too lazy to read through all the comments :/ ... sorry , i started out by saying i was going to share my own experience and then completely derailed ( i tend to do that a lot , sorry ) . dang it ! there just so much i wanna say and share here ! but i ... i'm sorry to hear that you are having this crisis ): truly i am . honestly , i think it is a process everyone must go through regardless of their racial background or ethnicity . you being a first ... things went well . i still have a long way to go but i am relieved i actually managed to say what was on my mind to her , i also took the other advice and printed out some of my thoughts and ... '