does it live on land ? what do you mean by that ? this has now been asked twice ! : laughing : it would be tremendously silly of me to answer this question , i'd return every two minutes to change my answer ! athena _ , ... estp tmlt not be able to focus on reading despite a desire to intj , infp tmlt never be able to relax infj tmlt buy things that they don't need intx , istj tmlt eat each type of food in a meal one by one , for instance , yorkshire pudding first , then peas , then sprouts , then stuffing , then potatoes , then beef etc . without any mixing ... intp tmlt be stuck in a rut , a continuous loop of every day repeating the last for years enfp ? tmlt be paranoid that everybody is against him / her , out to get him / her j . k . rowling is certainly aware of mbti . perhaps she used it as a basis or guide for enriching her character depth and then likewise based harry's appearance off of her perception of whatever that ... intj 100 % tmlt look like harry potter enfj tmlt disagree with feminism , egalitarianism , believing that man and woman are inherently different and are well-defined is it eaten after a breakup / loss of a loved one out of tradition ? enxp tmlt like enoch powell wine ? esfj tmlt be a chav infp female ( from what i've seen on here ) tmlt be attracted to enfps istj tmlt eat nothing but ramen entj historical perhaps , i used to act like that and still often do , my dominant mathematical / logical way of thinking has been weakened ever since my emotions have spiralled into turmoil tmlt ... isxj brought up that way infj out of themselves tmlt apply abstract mathematics to the simplest of things enfj tmlt by overwhelmed by facts and too much information , ' information overload ' whatever the type of this man . ' family mode ' . epitomizes your question . tmlt hate the idea of sex dolls / robots and want them banned inxx tmlt invade poland exfj tmlt be a racialist yes , but i am in too much of a muddle to recognize any of them within me in any order other than the inferior se . if you are referencing my ' intj ' decision it has now changed again . no person in their right mind retypes themselves as often as i do , i am completely consumed . isfp tmlt prefer the company of pensioners to their own youthful generation istp tmlt come up with ridiculous tmlt questions intj tmlt be assassinated entj tmlt most rule-following of the perceivers estp tmlt be oedipus infj tmlt be narcissus esfp tmlt hate ' artsy-fartsy ' type people , as i do ( not that i hate the arts , just the people that are pretentious or silly about it ) isfj tmlt turn to alcohol because they've given up with trying to type themselves * something i naturally intuited but i still fail in recognizing the strengths of all of these functions whilst also seeing nearly all of the functions present within me . enneagram confuses it even ... inxx , schizoids and avoidants tmlt never be certain of their own type to which extent does adolescence affect the self-typology of a teenager , i ask this because i am 18 ( late adolescence ) and struggle with the typing of myself , torn between intj and infp mainly , with ... enxp tmlt hate new age spirituality nf liberals tmlt be controversial yet still loved enfp tmlt hate multiculturalism is it technological ? is it a toiletry ? can it be held in one hand ? is it more likely to be found in a female's bedroom / belongings ? would you find it in an average household ? is it man-made ? istj tmlt think mathematics is much greater than physics infp tmlt be an intj esfx tmlt be the object of ridicule esxp tmlt be paranoid when home alone estp tmlt hate fighting ( physical )