' wow , what a great way to think of them ! that image will help me dislike them less . hugs for my feet ... uh ... doesn't the seam of the sock toe ever bug you by gouging into you toes ? which answer ? fear of mediocrity i understand only to well . what is the aversion to street sweepers about ? what do you mean ? why does not finding a fear scare you ? catch 22 ? well , i may not relate exactly to fear of socks but i definitely dislike them and they are so irritating in my shoes ... course my supposed understanding may built completely on a false ... here's what i wonder , and i might be wrong of course , do those people who are closer to the norm have the luxury of being more ' genuine ' only because the way they are is acceptable ? folks further ... just curious , do you ever get a chance to reflect back to judge which decisions did lead to happiness ? i forget to do this sometimes because i am always looking toward the future ... does it ever keep you from trying things , because you might fail ? any kind of failure , or failure to do specific things or in specific arenas ? wow . that's definitely big-picture . that's a mean trick . as far as babies go , keep in mind that even though you may have been plotting mischief at that age , the average child is sitting there thinking about how wet his diaper is . ok , i'll bite . why butterflies ? seriously ? i mean , i understand the socks , but butterflies ? i've been thinking about this since my girlfriend made the comment the other day , for the 100th time , that i am not afraid of anything . i know that's not true . everyone is afraid of something whether ... yeah i doubt a man would ever say something that sweet about a woman . all the guys would make fun of him ! don't have to cook to eat . i like sandwiches , soup , salads and juicing . i will eat pretty ... well that's probably good since there are so few of us . : snickers : well , it appears we are pretty rare as some personality analysts believe there is a link between the y chromosome and intj ( no mechanism provided ) , and estimate that intj men outnumber women 4 to 1 ... my aussie and little rat terrier stalk each other starting 200 feet apart . they glide through the grass , stepping quietly , carefully , closer , closer until they are nose to nose . they sniff each ... if people would just give me some space , i wouldn't have to push them away with my tongue . bad weather always looks worse through a window . - tom lehrer you guys are a blast ! thanks for being you ... i guess it's just a basic difficulty with social science . human behavior is so unpredictable that the reliability in any one equation to predict it is often as low as chance . so ... what are the ... i mean no offense when i say that the man appears to have a lot more pressing issues than just being intj . there are major trust problems there that , in my experience , are much more likely to be the ... i am have a difficult time applying ' objective ' rules to what appears to me a classification system of an illogical and inconsistent belief system . what is the point ? good grief , no offense taken ! just analyzing ... that's my conclusion . however , he's very cuddly and good in bed . you have expressed my curiosity , exactly . those are just labels made up by people . where is the value in that ? how is that applied to a larger system ? to display one's privatistic non-belief is not to assert its superiority . the two are not one in the same . be careful of your assumptions . thank you . the comment was so flabergasting who knew where to start ? of course , to which he responded it feels like you are probing me for negative traits , to which i responded above . not i was raised baptist , methodist , lutheran , episcopalian and presbyterian . i have a brief memory from when i was five years-old riding in the elevator of our huge methodist church by myself . i ... on the disclaimer , did you mention that your opinion is humble ? that's always a good one ... that's excellent . see , i knew an intuitive would be able to explain it in a meaningful way to another intuitive . a good example is analyzing the personality . he has no interest / patience and thinks i'm attacking him instead of just trying to understand . i tell him ' that's your problem you feel attacked . ' ... can someone explain to me in nt language how to figure out which of these is used ? thanks ! is that laziness , or just efficiency ? it's not that anything particular happened , it's the general inability to relate to each other's way of perceiving , i guess . i've only just been able to make any sense of this since joining this ... if i could only find that moment . i was thinking about how entps and infjs are supposed to compliment one another . it may be hard to believe but to me the thought of having a relationship with a protector is intriguing and appealing ... aaarrrggghhh ! a male infj ! always good to have a new ' recruit ' with the rarest of personality types ... don't expect us to be nice just so we don't pass you off . if we are are encouraging it's because there's a good reason to be . it's likely that the scores will be biased toward the higher end because those with lower iq are less likely to have been tested and have less motivation to share their answers if they are lower . what's the warranty ? you absolutely abhor hypocrisy and point out to others when they are being hypocritical , actually expecting them to see . phew , that's a relief . here's the game : you need to be able to time an activity in seconds , and you want to use something handy - your smartphone . so , look at apps and widgets that perform this function , and download one ... both , but even those i do know closely always type themselves differently from how i type them . could very well be i have no idea what i'm doing when typing ... '