' cigarettes are like hamsters . perfectly harmless , until you put one in your mouth and light it on fire . that being said , i smoked a pack a day for 6 months while travelling in bolivia . it was so ... here's my problem i'm a fairly decent looking guy . im confident and charming and all that shit . except when i like someone . then i get all quiet , self-conscious to the point of obsession , ... that we blank out a lot . that we aren't always engaging when around new people . that we need tons of alone time . also , we are always pensive , poised , composed and well adjusted every moment of ... teehee . =) maaan , i hope not . this world isnt losing any novelty yet , i want some more of it first . damn ... thats spot on . i dont ever remember not feeling like time is running out and there are things that i have to do before then . whenever then is . dump the clinger . no seriously . he's putting all his emotional needs on you , but they're not your responsibility . your needs are . apparently people with adhd are wired differently with caffeine . it makes most people focus because it makes you zone in on one thing in particular , and in adhd people it makes makes them drowsy ... when i really like a girl , and i actually know her , not just project my desires , and we open up to each other , i feel like i come to understand her . and i almost get a part of her to keep , i ... steve burrowin ' the beaver hunter < . < you sure you're not an esfp ? ;P ahah , well thank you . i did actually . =] but not a very consistent one either . it doesnt really matter though , because im travelling soon . but we must stay on task ! talk about silly faces . they're ... i dont think its a number of people , i think it's when you have sex because you're insecure rather than because you like someone . so i think most north americans have been whores at some point . but i ... nothing but my unintentional silly faces . 2 doses of nyquil and thought provoking music in a place i can safely pass out . fixed ittt if you define porn as something that stimulates you , satisfies you , and you're not sure why , but you're slightly ashamed of it ... adventure time . fine . ill focus my energy and achieve something . bitch but really , this is me . i can see that path , and im only 18 . you , sir , may have saved my life . sometimes , when i'm nervous about something , and i'm brainstorming all the possible outcomes , i just roll with it until it becomes banal , and then i get over it . like that creepy guy with the ... i did the same thing for a while at work . maybe this isnt you , but it wasnt my ideal job , i didnt plan on being an amazing employee , at bare minimum i didnt want to get fired . but orienting ... long story , but i'm fucked up romantically . but thats not why i'm here . because of my issues , i have a terrible habit . i date girls that are physically attractive but that i dont actually like ... maybe it's our modesty . oh wait . enfps should not rap . point and case : sure ! no wait . i still have dibs . but you can have seconds ? hey ! i totally have dibs . today i designed a t-shirt that reads i <3 asians maybe i'm the only one who thinks its funny though . i'm 6 ' 4 ' ' , but i looove pettit ( ? ) girls . especially when they're in clothes too big for them . and a mixture of coy shyness and extreme smartness . which is an issue because those are the only types ... mm , i moved several times throughout school , and i always ended up gathering the outcasts . i liked it in a way . i was a social butterfly that led the social pariahs . the ringleader of the outsiders ... today we had terrible service at a restaurant , and when we went to the counter , i said make sure the waiter gets his tip . and i left 2 cents . hmm . ok , i'm down . how d'you do this exactly then ... maybe we're actually the same person . actually i'm an ne infp . which is pretty much an enfp ' cept people make me tired after a few hours . =D you do sound like optimus prime its a good thing though . all heroic and masculine and shit . i saw dorian gray yesterday ... it was fascinating . a few things stuck with me . first , that we shouldn't be ashamed of our vices . that was probably her husband . yes , that's very sensible . people ... i dunno if anyone has actually done what you asked and described the whole process of fighting yourself . and i've never really tried to put the feeling into words before . i was once super naive ... hey , i need someone with direction and groundedness . i'll marry you . change what you can and accept what you can't . like your mom . i want the judge . judge me now . judge me hard . im begging to be judged . intj's are just jealous because they rarely get invited to exciting parties . ;P it wasn't just my pride . it's just , they battered him , they got me worse , and i didn't zone in fast enough to do anything about it . i didn't actually intend to kill him , but i wanted to knock him ... but i didn't . i was at a party an hour ago , my friend knocked over a table . he was getting kicked out , and he was just saying how funny it was . he was obviously way too drunk . and three guys were ... i'm the kinda guy who gets turned on by genuine closeness . i'm more likely to have sex in the morning after sleeping cuddled together than i am when we first get in the bed . i've spent an entire day ... all we know are 5 shitty senses , really . i think there's a lot more going on than just physics . if the laws of physics and chemistry were the only things to take into account , life would be ... infp's are unusual , as we know . but i've realized that while posessing many of the infp traits , i'm fairly unusual for an infp . i don't have a solid set of ethics . in fact , my ethics are fluid ... did you get trolled or are you trolling now ? because obvious troll is obvious . stranger : looking for a girl to show a bit of cleavage on cam , nothing more :-) you : oh baby .. you : what about a man with enough fat to appear as though he has shapely breasts ? your ... scientifically speaking ... i is much more introspective than e , obviously . n is more exploratory than s , more bound by possibilities than whats in front of us . f is more likely to spend time ... it's funny , infp's are probably the type most concerned with whole , natural spiritual growth , and one of the most reluctant to explore the aspects of themselves they dislike . it's taken me a ... the talented mr . ripley is the scariest movie i've ever seen . well , whatever you do , however terrible , however hurtful , it all makes sense , doesn't it , in your head . you never meet anybody that ... i met a girl when i was on a trip , and i had a ( sociopathic ) girlfirend , who i was trying to distance myself from . and this girl was literally the coolest person i'd ever met . and we connected ... a lot of people are concerned with morality here . i'm probably going to get scorned for this , but the sanctity of marriage is bullshit . marriage is a legal arrangement with some nice symbolism and ... '