' how should someone with low self esteem deal with an entj ? my entj is getting tired of my lack of confidence and tells me its because i'm not applying myself efficiently . i'm trying to get my life ... whenever i see something on this forum i don't relate to or care for , i wonder if i mistyped myself . : s isfps can do anything they want ... as long as they're invested in it . i think isfps have a hard time doing a job they don't care for . as far as the 3d stuff goes ... i think modeling is probably ... i never had issues with school ... i came from a pretty good public school system . then again , i was also so obsessed with how i'd look on a college application that it probably wouldn't have mattered ... sometimes i do things without thinking of the consequences more ... also , my voice is very high pitched but that's a personal thing . are we talking real , physical cheese or the sentimental corny kind ? but yes , i do like eating cheese mmm . i took a real mbti test once and i actually didn't find the questions all that different from the better online mbti tests out there ? ( then again , i don't remember the questions too well at the ... eating gummy bears ... i tend to bite them into separate parts so i can frankenstien them into new tricolor bears . yeah , i know ... its gross to play with your food . yes , its pretty involuntary too . : c i'd like to be able to pay attention to class instead of zoning out ... xd most of my daydreams are about whatever is happening at the current moment and ... i like pretty silly , somewhat innocent humor . i like sarcasm , but only when its done well . it can get pretty dumb if its a cheap shot ... then they look like they're trying too hard . i don't ... yeah ... especially if its a spur of the moment kind of thing , i am pretty intelligible . if its something i had awhile to think about , it might come out a little better but not much . don't have a ton of experience but i'll try to answer ... kind of . i'm really horrible at replying to texts or emails ... if its something that i can do later then ... i'll probably do it later . ... most isfps i know seem pretty healthy / happy to me ... i dunno . what do you mean by healthy ? like free from psychological disorders or like just generally happy with their lives ? or is it not being ... i can sympathize , my dorm is such an unholy mess . i usually end up cleaning it when i can't take it anymore ( i have a pretty high tolerance for mess ) or when someone sees it and comments on how ... not entirely sure if i get what you're saying ... are you talking about when someone says certain things that sounds accusatory ? like , why haven't you done this yet ? / what have you been doing all ... maybe it'd help if you filled out one of those questionnaires on the what's my type ? forum ? you're just listing a bunch of things about why you think you're an isfp but you haven't really said ... i don't like kids and don't trust myself to be responsible enough to take care of them . animals are cute but i have the tendency to oversmother them ... they tend not to like me . i don't really want to have anything to do with marriage right now . i'm still in college and i don't feel confident enough to make that kind of decision . that said , i do find the idea of weddings ... well , girls in general appreciate guys that are honest , confident and have a sense of humor . and maybe you're just really fun to talk to , i dunno ? the pessimistic view is that they're not that ... i just want to spend the rest of my life looking at puppies . something along the lines of being a failure . it doesn't bother me too much if someone calls me mean ... mostly because i feel like its some kind of misunderstanding and everything will be okay once ... no because i like the way the body looks without any tattoos . but i'd consider it if i had some sort of ugly scar that i wanted to cover up . did i take too many advils ( no ) xd i'm okay i guess ? i mean i work with computers a lot for my major but its more on the artistic side of things rather than technical . i know how to get about doing what i want , but if the software ... when i do my laundry and find out i didn't check all my pockets . so many blown up mints , oh man . xd i dunno , i don't actually get mad at anything / anyone unless they have really , personally done ... i'm definitely watching tamako market , that bird is hilarious . well , anime generally isn't the highest quality animation so i can see why it comes out so quickly . xd also , i imagine a lot ... do oujia boards count ? only if its sincere . sometimes i feel like people apologize because its good social protocol and not because they actually want to . i suggest you talk it over with your friend , it'll really show ... i get stressed out pretty easily by school , but that's because i care a lot about it . if its like , the current state of my closet , then no i don't really give a crap . xd if its really bad , i'll ... i prefer play-dough . i think its because i'd always lose my lego pieces and end up stepping on them later . :( i don't think there's anything wrong with childish hobbies . if you're an independent adult ( by this i mean a job and own place to live ) , then they shouldn't give a crap about what you do with your ... i didn't watch the video but i'd imagine a mean isfp would look like some sort of unhealthy isfp with an fi gone terrifyingly wrong . something along the lines of taking any kind of criticism really ... i wouldn't really ignore them , but i'd try to avoid them if i have to . that said , i don't really dislike a lot people . i feel like this could get really complex since i don't think there is really any surefire way to calculate intelligence . but that isn't actually the topic , haha . xd anyhow , yeah type doesn't cover ... haha , this getting too deep for me . i'm pretty sure i'm an isfp soo i guess i don't relate to this as much ... i don't believe everyone has to fit in mbti categories , it just happens that i do . xd ... give him a neck massage , he'll love it . ;) i have the opposite problem ... i don't feel different enough . xd ( when i mean different i don't mean , for the sake of being different , but rather being talented enough to stand out from the crowd ) ... i don't really think either would effect my respect from him because hey , its furniture . i guess it might affect my respect for his aesthetic taste in scenario a , if the furniture is particularly ... 974 the gentle spirit looking at that article gave me a headache . xd no , i think its because i watched it a lot with my parents when i was really young . all the movie did for me was instill a fear of riding cruise ships . ;( torchlight 1 because i'm cheap and don't want to buy torchlight 2 just yet . ; o ; i think miyazaki peaked at spirited away . howl and ponyo are amazing to look at but have really weird / hard to understand storylines , even by miyazaki standards . it's really frustrating since ... the new years show ... which ... i have no idea whats going on . you guys are so adorbs . happy new year everyone ! ! :) i enjoy it as an excuse to celebrate ! just enjoy the festivities ! i don't really think too deeply about the whole starting anew thing because you can pretty much do that anytime in the year if you ... spent it pretty much alone , but got a lot of nice phone calls . honestly i think its nicer than being in a room full of people screaming ! :) yeah , you really shouldn't be giving her boyfriend advice . it doesn't benefit you in any way and its better if she realizes sooner that he's an awful boyfriend . if he constantly needs advice about ... when i have a crush i usually tend to like replay my every interaction with them in my head . it's really quite silly . : blushed : fretterfet therese c when someone says friend crush i think of ... someone told me i'm an orange once . : 0 watching the new years eve show , who is this jenny mccarthy lady and why is she allowed on tv ? ! ? jeez she's annoying . '