' brazilian proverb : monkey that scratches ass does not bite finguer nails . you know that game where you must join the dots to make a picture ? that is kind of like how i make my lies , dont need all the details just the right ones at the right time , in the right way depending ... that really depends on what is implied in the leadership , as a inquisitive explorer ? no problem , follow me men ! into to the abyss and back to tell tales . as a role model ? ... well we'll see that ... fire away honey ! you know , i've been trying to answer that question for a long time . i don't have a full answer yet . witch one are you ( if any ) ? how do you tell them apart ? i visit different forums and i ` m getting the feeling that , for some reason , it became trendy to be a douche and an entp at the same ... i find amazing where my lack of work takes me . do the entp equation . ( time spent on last major school project [ hours ] ) - ( grade [ 0-10 ] ) < - 8 congrats youre an entp . if there ` s gonna be a chase , i like to control it and understand as much as i can it so that if i want to end it , corner her or just keep chasing ( least likely ) its a matter of mine choosing . i know ... i think this is only natural , since we evolved from a very physical society to a more intellectual one . if you can't hunt it lure it , it's in our code . women are smarter we need to hunt smarter ... my opinion is quite simple really ... 2 types of feminists , the ones that want respect and the ones that want equality . respect is understandable and quite worthy of earning , yes i agree that ... lol , whenever i engage any nt i think like the old times rpgs . play to you strengths , you have passive ne bonus unique to your class , chalenging an intp's ti is madness . word there is a great difference between cheating and cutting corners . im more prone to cut corners than cheating ( 70 % / 30 % ) imagine that for the duration of the highness your 3 major functions work in absolute syncrony . images speak better than words ... 55620 intj's have beaten us to it ... 54225 bullying forged my cold steel ti . it was brutal but necessary , i can honestly say that being bullied was a cornerstone in perfecting my personality ( its not perfect but pretty awesome already ) it ... i'm 23 now and honestly i think i don't know squat from anything yet , i know that now . i've had a depressive period in my live that lead me to allot of thinking and i've come to the conclusion that ... when will people understand that debating with an entp is like having a mud fight with a pig , after 30 minutes we begin to like it . nothing like the smell of jealousy in the morning . whenever i get fuzzy , warm and tingly inside i kill it with nicotine and alcohol . who knows , aliens are said to cause the same symptoms . the best skill i have is drawing , most fun / useful yet . giving away the intention is no fun at all , giving the person the benefit of doubt is much more fun because you learn 2 things . 1 see what the person thinks / feels with the little information ... typical intp thread = experimental word-shifting paradox theory . typical intj thread = don't you hate when people get surprised when your plans work ? typical entj thread = listen to me brag ... same here , music like this still makes me want to . - just flawless acid humor - quick small remarks that completely kill non entp members - a high tier entp tough one to explain ... okay i'll try . imagine a very high tech sonar system . ne / ti work all the time simultaneously , ne is sending sonar-waves constantly anxiously waiting for the return , but ... i have an esfj mom , dirty / unclean room is a death sentence . i have the habit of making sounds and mimic things allot while talking or explaining something and when i ` m joking it makes people laugh their asses-off . this applies to accent changing too . one ... thinking about life is overrated . my intj friend used to say that all the time , she's marrying an esfp friend of mine in 2 months . yes , that's something i've noticed too , old bonds from when i was a child are more strong even to this day . yes you may , but bring more exiting subjects . you've defined what others name ... all entp women deserve a sugary treat in the shape of a fluffy animal of your choice . in a world where women are expected to be either introverted and squishy or extroverted and dumb you all stand ... yes ! it's like i'm a shark , if i stop moving i don't breathe . yep 2 years is a good average for me too , the fact that i've moved around allot helped too . i have an istp friend that i can go ... so my suspicions were correct this applies to female entps too . it must be hard to be a woman entp so kudos to all my entp girls out there , you all deserve a sugary treat of your choice shaped in a ... right , ever since i was small leaving things behind after i used them was easy . i hardly made emotional connections to things after i got a new version of it . got a toy , play the hell out of i got ... manage ? ! procrastination ? ! ( & * ¨ $ ( ) & @ #gb ( ) fr @ # f & # @bvfv @ & ( ! ! v & ! v @vg ( b # g # ) g there is no fairy godmother ? ! the old lady from down the street has some explaining to do . - how do you display admiration to the members of the opposite gender ? in which ways ? that really depends on the other person but they get a bigger slice of my attention spam when we are together ... mbti is just like any other subject your know only how wrong your are , the rest is up to you . this is in my most sincere opinion the entp anthem . be around him , listen , comment , disagree , propose different points of view . i sense a well developed f in you which is great ! he's new around town right ? don't tour him around , ask him to join ... he that scratches ass should not bite fingernails . nice to entps is not a quality it's a characteristic so unless your're not nice naturally don't force it . interested on the other hand is a condition , while the reason of the interest it self ... prove that you're worthy of a phd , titles and diplomas are relative . i bet that when you graduated there were some people that had difficulty breathing and reading at the same time , even so they have ... it's a question of perspective my dear . mom : esfj 46651what did you say about my kids ? ! dad : enfj 46652dammit ! didn't i tell you not to get home late today ? brother : estp 46655what do you mean i get ultra macho man when i'm ... also a good option , but i think that meatloaf would go cold and only dogs eat cold food . ( grandpa quote ) first you get a big cake , then you eat the inside and substitute with as many strippers as possible . after this you tell someone to deliver the cake with a note . welcome neighbor ! we thought pie or ... '