' i used to play a bit of skyrim ( i found it appealing to be able to be evil as opposed to good like you're forced to be in just about every other game ) . i finished fallout 4 in a couple days and was ... hello , i am a former member of pc . i decided to create a new username because i no longer identify with the person i was five to six years ago when i used to frequent the forum . i wasn't in a good ... sincere sensations have left my body to aid other poets in rhyming words with door hinge . i told this to my shrink ; boy , did that whore cringe . explanation for this piece in my public ... i've been told i look like jackson rathbone ( the guy who plays jasper hale in twilight ) imo he's prettier this one is of me killing myself slowly with a cigarette ( i roll my own cause they tax the shit out of packaged cigarettes ) the second picture is a couple years old .. i was marking my territory ... the video is me and my band ( i'm the singer clinging to the mic , wearing a shirt with the word fuck on it ) covering the doors . the first pic is of my girlfriend and me . the second one is me with ... sudden movement crackling noises camp fire joy attire rope burn where's my urn no applause bloody gauze caked with piss cats that hiss trapped in his own skin he opened his eyes to see above him a figure paralyzed just as he the figure whispered there's no way out , ya see . then it disappeared into the motionless night ... when your cigarette smoke is inspiration enough to write a poem about life hello all , i'm in a band and we have to sell 500 $ worth of tickets by next month for our show . we always bomb at selling tickets , so i was wondering if anyone has been through the same thing and ... well , i think as infps ; we shouldn't even want the stick . if we want part of the stick then we , of course , will receive the short end of it . you have to blaze your own trail in life by completely ... this is my singing voice . enjoy . because one goodbye is never enough see you later individual love of my life one of many one and only's from heaven knows when to never again our minds created 11404my girlfriend ohh the horrendous apathy . the unhealthy random transitions between passionate idealist and depressed cynic ( with no gray areas ) . river phoenix heath ledger i'm convinced jim morrison was an infp although most people say enfp ... the clock ticked on in an apocalyptic manner everyone please be seated for all patterns and limitations of the mind are now being torn down and replaced with the boundless abyss of insanity . ... correct grammar : wink : i like the system in a way . it makes me unique , gives me purpose and something to fight against . you would not believe how many people aren't creative , they're just not comfortable with it or they ... i think i'm really a natural leader . i'm definitely the leader of my band now , and back in school i was the leader of my small group of friends . i think the only way infps will enjoy leadership is ... listening to joy division on surround sound is a religious experience . my calender is still on november ... 2009 ... but hey its a ramones calender , its good decoration ... well now i'm pretty healthy , i eat almost like an average person now . i wouldn't say i'm depressed anymore either , mentally i think i'm the healthiest i've ever been . you referred to me as girl ... i go back and forth from being a peace longing hippie to a chaotic cynical anarchist . both are reflected in my poetry . orangeappled thank you very much . i'm glad you like my voice , i'm alway second guessing myself on it . well i have several dumbass stories , but i'll only share one for now . it was around midnight on halloween , all the festivities and trick or treating was over with by that time . my esfp friend and i ... lad thanks for the honest opinion . i'm not going to change the way i sing , but its still nice to hear someone say something negative about our music instead of always getting compliments . i write ... he could easily like you . i tend to disappear randomly for no apparent reason . usually i'll be thinking about the person i like , and i'll be dying to talk to her but i won't . so whenever i fall ... hello all . i am in an alternative band and we recently recorded a demo . endorphin on myspace music - free streaming mp3s , pictures & music downloads i'd appreciate it if you all would give our ... the only way i could dislike a type is if i envied them for a trait i don't have . i think i envy intps the most . they just don't give a damn ( i mean that in a good way , honestly ) that makes sense . i do the same thing your sister does with songwriting . in fact if i come up with something on the guitar , it becomes impossible for me to write lyrics for it . its strange how our ... saviors do you believe in them existing in the flesh in aid of those distressed animals do you walk among them too everyday they ignore you unless you're something they would screw ... i find entj women to be sexy ... maybe .. too sexy : blushed : my best friend is an intp and one of the main differences between us is how we are with people . for example i love relationships , anticipating falling in love , and putting myself in situations ... i have a friend who is an entj i think if we would've gotten romantically involved with each other it would've worked out great , not perfect , but great nonetheless . avaadore ( i tagged myself cause i'm a narcissist ) why not ? we come and go from reality so why not come and go from pc ? * gives measly infp hug then shrugs * madly in love or slightly depressed which one is worse i'm sure you could guess i was just wondering , what's your relationship like with the parent that you don't / didn't live with ? i live with my mom and i get along with her just fine , she's basically one of my best friends ... children redirect your eyes examine your lives keep in mind their mindless lies i'd warn you daily but i'm usually busy going back and forth caught in cycles of life and death trapped in ... i see it this way everything tends towards chaos anyway , so why fight it ? yes , i like going to social events to observe people . usually i forget that i'm sitting in the room cause i'm too involved with watching the other people in the room . something i don't like about ... lyrics that could be read off of paper like poetry or lyrics that provoke thought . ideal you real you introversion | 70 % 73 % extroversion 23 % | 16 % intuitive 80 % | 66 % ... do you hurt ? do you feel pain ? i don't believe so , no there's no such thing i prepared you a room in my heart in my mind i danced there with you as lovers lose track of time . when i'm depressed it runs in a predictable cycle . the first stage - i wallow , lose sleep , cry randomly , isolate myself to see if anyone wants to pry and rescue me . the second stage - i work hard at ... i confess that i fucking hate people , because i'm so dependent on them . do you think iq tests favor one side over the other ? right brain vs . left brain i'd rather drown waiting for the hand of a rescuer than to cling to the nearest piece of driftwood . side note on this thread : this thread isn't meant to be egotistical , i just think that ... '