' nice idea . i'll start with three that are old favorites of mine from high school . they have always resonated strongly with me , and i think that ( depending on taste in music , of course ) they could do ... 1 . what are your feelings on regret ? i do have a few regrets , although they aren't something that i think about on a daily basis . i've learned from them ( hopefully ) and have moved on . but when i am ... intuition is not infallible . although you may have a strong hunch about something , it could still prove to be wrong . i have a fairly strong intuition and it is usually accurate . this has sometimes ... how easily do you trust people ? was there any event ( assuming you are weary of people ) that made you cautious ? i try to give people the benefit of the doubt unless given a reason not to , but i ... i am particularly bad at this . in fact , i pretty much don't open myself up to rejection ? i don't ask people out , i wait for them to ask me . ( i know , that's not really fair . ) the last time i was ... lol , this sounds like me . i find my own perspective so terribly limiting . i want to know what it is like to be everyone else , too ! i don't hate my type , necessarily ... there are certainly things ... i'm not a lesbian , but i am pansexual . i know what you mean about how difficult it is to connect with people when you feel so different from them . in my entire life , i've only felt a real connection ... yes . this has happened to me many times . many times . lol . although , once i find out that someone i am attracted to is currently in a relationship , i let it go . i may still be attracted to them , but i ... my vote went to knowledge . i agree with you only to an extent , walker 5881 . you are absolutely right that therapists are not perfect , and in fact often have it no more together than their patients . i also agree that there are ... when someone asks me how i am , my automatic response is something like , i'm fine , thanks , and you ? when i was much younger , i would always answer that question truthfully and be puzzled when the ... i usually remember my dreams when i wake up , but i will only typically remember them long-term if i write them down . ( which i only do if i find them interesting enough to remember ... i think i have ... it does bother me when people are intentionally rude , inconsiderate , or disrespectful . i suspect that most infjs would probably feel the same way , but perhaps not all . i try to not to let the trivial ... current favorites ... community dexter doctor who fringe grimm once upon a time person of interest psych that's true , soulshield . perhaps this is not the case with more outgoing infjs , but it is definitely a problem that the more reserved infjs encounter . i'm not sure i entirely understand what you mean with the emotion in their voice - how is that aggravating ? i don't notice that they speak in an overly emotional way , but that could be because i am ... that's kind of you to say , revan . intps are pretty amazing , as well . ;) i don't believe in numerology , but i still think it's fun , so ... :) birth force number : 7 philosophical , quiet , analytical , introspective , understanding , intuitive , inspirational , reclusive , ... all in twilight : it likely depends on the person we are conversing with whether you will hear us ask a lot of questions . if you tend to talk quite a bit to begin with , there isn't as much need for us ... like several others who have posted , i have some difficulties in interacting with other people , so this is one of my ways of getting around that . most people enjoy talking about themselves , and i ... no worries . ;) lol . linadami , i can't tell whether you are being facetious or not . :) in any case , i was referring to mind games and emotional manipulation rather than video games ( or any other sort of game ) . i ... no , this is not necessarily typical of female relationships . if this friendship is important to you , then i think you need to be upfront with her and ask her what is going on . you need to let her ... - always be honest and direct when there is a problem . - don't play games . i can't imagine that most infjs would appreciate that . - allow your infj space when needed . we need time to ourselves to ... in terms of how the types are described on personality pages and such , i view myself as somewhat a mix of infj and intj . i relate quite a bit to intjs , and in fact i was quite confused for a while as ... i was raised in a very active southern baptist household . we attended church every sunday morning , sunday evening , and wednesday . i was also very involved in church related activities for children ... i have also been in group therapy , and while i can't say i enjoyed it - i would agree that it was more helpful to talk to others who were experiencing similar problems ( if not , of course , for the ... i owe myself complete honesty , even when it is painful . i am not so deluded that i believe i never contradict myself or that i am never a hypocrite . but i am always in pursuit of the truth , both in a ... your in-depth results are : ravenclaw - 13 hufflepuff - 12 gryffindor - 12 slytherin - 7 i have typically ... it may just depend on the individual infj and intj . i have personally had very good experiences with intj friends , and in some ways have found them easier to relate to and get along with than my ... yes . i've sort of given up on trying to make friends , because it usually doesn't work that way for me . anytime that i've really connected with someone , it has happened in the way that you ... usually , when i'm being irrational , i need someone to make me recognize that i am being irrational . unfortunately , that is not always immediately apparent to me . after that , the best thing for me to ... i agree with this , as well . self-improvement is very important to the infj , and i think we generally have a great appreciation of the beauty that is found in nature . i don't feel like one of the guys , necessarily ... but i've never related much to other girls , either . when i was in high school , i was usually puzzled by their drama . for some reason , i was ... i agree with enigmadan ... we're often very quiet and reserved , so i think it's easier to find us online . offline , your best bet is probably some of the places he mentioned . bookstores , libraries , ... 1 . pre-teens : pop , mostly to fit in . also dream pop and celtic / new age music . ( obviously not to fit in . ) 2 . teens : classical , classical-crossover , soundtrack / instrumental , electronica , new age , ... my eyes do tend to look a different color depending on the light , color of clothing that i'm wearing , etc . my eyes are bluish-green - steel blue on the outside with yellow-green flecks around the ... i have seen a number of psychologists / psychiatrists . i saw two when i was eleven for pain management related to chronic illness ; i saw a few more in my teens for major depression ; and then three in ... alan , i am careful to say it seems to me because i want to be clear that this is how i am interpreting what you are writing . i am acknowledging that i could very well be reading it incorrectly , and ... most of that is true for me . i tend to be a bit less emotional / moody than described ( though i was quite depressed throughout my teenage years ); i'm pretty calm / stoic , generally . the lower energy part ... i don't think i've actually been told this , but i'm not terribly photogenic either . probably because i'm not overly fond of having my picture taken and i'm not especially great at posing . ( probably ... though everyday a struggle , beauty prevails . to clarify : i actually , honestly do not care if you are a feminist , alan . i have nothing emotionally invested in that . ;) i do think it is confusing when someone seems to be saying one thing in one ... soulshield , i assume that she means over the counter . i have used many prescription medications for insomnia in the past ; i am not on anything currently . i do sometimes take benadryl if i haven't ... ah , okay . thanks for explaining . i guess i just lucked out that the infj i happened to meet in person was very much like me . i'm also fond of intjs ( and intps ) . sometimes , i find them a bit easier ... alan , i am getting conflicting messages from you . in one post , you seem to have a positive attitude towards feminism . in other posts , it seems to be something that you look down upon . ( not that i ... alan , to me , feminism is about equality for both women and men because inequality actually has an impact on both sexes . so , perhaps you might consider seeing it as something that is valuable for ... that's interesting , faux , particularly since most of us seem to have such an intense connection with other infjs . what do you think prevents you from feeling a connection with the ones that you have ... veggie , i don't disagree that there are indeed women who fit that pattern of thinking . what rubbed me wrong about alan's post is that there seemed to be a strong implication that all women are a ... wow . think what you like , alan , but plenty of women know exactly what they want . it's pretty presumptuous of you to assume otherwise . for example , i have no interest in assholes and keep my ... '