' i feel like everyone in this thread just needs to calm down and take a chill pill that's absolutely true for me as well , i am always interested in ways of thinking , even if i ultimately find them repulsive , i want to know about them , what they are , who is believing in it , what ... that's really true what you said . i find that people often ask me why i'm doing something , and it's often framed in a way as if i can't just learn something for its own sake . i like learning things ... i don't know about inferior fe but i find auxiliary fe quite attractive . i just don't think that someone who gets exhausted by emotions and keeps it possibly repressed is really my romantic type to ... the infp mind works beautifully . sure i can chat with you , i guess i have some experience with infj's too . i took the test a while ago and got infp . and i took it again just today , just to see if it was different without remembering the previous answers ... and still infp . oh well , some things never change . my mother is entj , my father is intj you definitely sound like an isfp to me ! i was a happy and curious baby / toddler , definitely a lot less shy than i later was as a child . from watching videos of myself at the time i pretty much just liked to mess around all the time . i ... um ... hard to explain . i guess it'd be like having feelings with / for another person while simultaneously they having feelings back . it's hard to feel strongly about someone who doesn't feel it as ... if i understand the idea right , maybe it helps us reduce stress due to internal factors / remain focused in our own world more than se people who are more dependent on the world around them ? so perhaps ... story of every infp's life ever ? hahahaha , but seriously i've felt this way often in the past . now in terms of intimacy and deep conversations , i've kind of just given up on having deep conversations ... uh ... nothing pretty much . i'm a vegetarian and that's my personal choice but it's a good thing to really reflect on . what can you really do to make the world better ? not much in my opinion unless ... hi guys , so i have an isfj friend who started smoking recently . i don't think this is the healthiest way to manage things but she says it helps her because she has a lot of feelings , often negative ... i second this question a plan or agreement formulated , esp . in secret , by two or more persons to commit an unlawful , harmful , or treacherous act . refer to surreptitious or covert schemes to accomplish some end , most ... given that the scientific evidence is pretty much irrefutable , it's obvious that climate change is a huge threat to our health on the earth . i am always flabbergasted when i see people doubt this ... violence in video games , i mean , in the old days before that we had violence in movies . and the media was blaming that for violence among people . and before that we had uh ... world wars . i think ... oh man , i was literally wondering if someone would mention it here . i love that game so much , it's got to be one of the best i ever played . although i think it could be isfp actually . i like to play lots of video games . it's a bit stupid to type a game but with that in mind it's surely probably that some games , due to the makeup of the dev team , are geared towards certain people ... i'm from australia so we still have the queen and say mate , does that count ? hi . so without a doubt i don't really know how to become friends with an enfp . how ? where do you find these mysterious people ? i've had 2 enfp friends before , both of whom i've met through school but ... i would kill someone if they were evil and i knew they would take the lives of others and i was the only one who could stop them , though i guess it would depend on who it was and what they were ... from a guy's perspective it does indeed sound like he was into you and you disappointed him . but you shouldn't feel bad for doing that , no one can force you to want to go out with anyone . so you did ... i actually really liked it which wasn't that surprising since i loved silence of the lambs . i found this show to be really quite unique in the way that it was told , it was certainly a show that ... well no because carrying either of those would be illegal ( unless i was police . ) and anyway i wouldn't want to , they would actually make me feel less safe and more paranoid , having a weapon at the ... so i need to hire an intp to play all my video games and do all my assignments for me . thanks i think this is finally the solution i've been looking for . anyway , thanks everyone for your insights . the reason i ask is that my intj friend wins / beats me at almost everything that's competitive and most other things too , and i've almost never seen him fail at anything.so i assumed he didn't attempt ... is it ? and are you always successful ? building on another thread , here is a list i compiled myself , yeah not a really long one , of infp's in politics . there are probably lots of that i haven't even heard of yet . but these are the ones i ... ok . here's a scenario . someone through some unconventional means comes into power in a country . someone with absolute control over everything . they can do anything they like , make any law they like , ... i wish i could give you life tips or something but since i'm 20 too and worry about my future let alone getting a part time job i thiiink that some more mature infp should advise you instead . but i ... i felt like it was an ignored part of myself as as teenager , until a few years ago when i realised that at my heart i was a creative person and that's how i wanted to live my life , it starts for me ... both my dad and sister are intj , and my mum is entj , so that makes fun for me . i wonder if there's anyone here at all that's close in this way to me ? 5 : petyr baelish ( a song of ice and fire ) i like the manipulations he pulls and i like his backstory . basically petyr is a weak little boy who falls badly in love with catelyn who is his social ... often when talking about functions and how people can use them we come across a 1st - 3rd function loop , which depending on the person can range from unhealthy to annoying to irrational . so how does it ... yeah i agree with above , i think extroverts with fi have a tendency to do this more often since infp's are introverted at the end of the day and will probably only offer their opinion if they feel ... well you sound isfj to me ! i understood that reference do intp's like cooking , do you enjoy learning new ways to cook or just doing it for the sake of it , or do you prefer to just open some frozen thing and microwave it . i really have no idea but my gut ... reading this thread reminds me of vulcans from star trek or of computers talking in a super logical way about what it means to be human and emotions . it cracks me up seeing so much logical argument ... i find fe attractive , more than fi to me . i find fi to be relatable and give me a sense of deeper understanding with the other person , which is good in its own way , but fe is much better at making ... i relate to this so much but also in some way i can feel as if i think about how other people think more than other people do , and consequently , there's a little bit more of a barrier between me and ... i think there comes a point where something speaks for itself and doesn't need any further comment . really ? what does it look like to you ? well i can't say from your writing whether you are an infp or an enfp since the traits and values listed are actually common in both types since we're so similar but if you want a surefire way to ... maybe you can just flat out reject her . just say no to everything she suggests . i have no idea if this will make your work livable or whether she will blow up at you but my guess is , if you did this , ... well you did ok at the first one , maybe infp's just suck at statistics , which is technically a form of maths right ? that would explain it . i never tried anything related to business cause the whole ... there was a little button on each post to record your post so that other people could hear you say your thoughts as well as read them ? i think it would add another layer to the personality that ... '