' it's all about being humble , having no ego . being able to change to be a better person , not being stubborn . lets all live on a tropical island together . who's with me ? ! :) i'm here because i can be real and post whatever i want instead of filtering everything . i make sure that i'm nice though . reconnected with old neighborhood friends via facebook . was reading ; a new earth , it's a really good book . what i've learned from it is that you have to lose yourself to find yourself-which is in the bible . it's very true , if we listen to our conscience ... you're funny . you've guessed right , you aren't far off . im in my mid twenties . i'm still going to college , trade school graduate . nice to meet you as well . :) i can always use another friend , especially an infp one in chicago . you can never have too many friends . :) how old are you by the way ? hey keelinyeah we're from the same state ! :) hey , we both live in il and chicago , how cool is that . :) i'll believe it if i see it . lol :) i'm not boring . :P my dad told me to marry someone that is the same as me . opposites attract but don't go together . i've seen that it's true with my parents . my dad's an intj and my mom is a esfp . i'm a combo of them ... i think t's are closed minded , they try to fit the mold . f's think for themselves , out of the box . christian non-smoker doesn't drink nice all the time respectful likes me for who i am that's attractive to me that i attract outgoing affectionate i'v been so lazy lately , i need to do something before my life passes me by . i need motivation , determination , passion and drive . i don't have any of that . i want to be successful . does anyone feel like they just don't want to talk to anyone because it feels like no one cares or wants to hangout with you and you're mad at them because they never contact you . but they probably ... you need to open up to people to be intimate with them . i'm the same way , that's why i don't really have close relationships . i know it works though but am afraid to open up . i guess we're afraid of ... i was a lost soul before i came here . perc has transformed my life . yes i would . it's so hard to change . i feel paralyzed by my past . it's hard to move forward , to think and do things differently . i lack a lot with the relationships i have and am afraid of people judging me for ... it's so hard to change . i feel paralyzed by my past . it's hard to move forward , to think and do things differently . i lack a lot with the relationships i have and am afraid of people judging me for ... i was going to college then joined the military , i'm a infp and saw that the military didn't suit my personality . it's for i / estj's for sure , i've met some infp's along the way though . the experience ... you'll have more angst and heart ache if you don't be close to people at all . you need to let people in , be open . take chances to be intimate with people . you grow as a person with close relationships and find true happiness with others in your life . there's something that you don't like about the person , some will be willing to change for you but others will never change . i feel the same way about guys i date . i don't give them much of a chance ... soy vanilla mocha . teared up like 10 minutes ago because of my life in general . feel like i have no direction of how to live my life and where to go , with what i want really . what i do know is that i want to get ahead ... people make me feel emotions , when i'm by myself i don't really feel anything . you are who you are , someone out there will be better than you or may not be . just have to accept the fact , love yourself for what you are now . who cares what people think of you , honestly ! if people ... i'm done with playing games with guys , it's either they like me or not . i don't have time to play games . just read this post , we're both koala's . we can hangout and do koala things , strap to trees . haha hey guys ! today was so nice , warm ! check off everything from my list of what to get accomplished for the day . met a lot of new people , made some friends . awesome day ! sounds like me . i'm not a girl though . i don't like ego's . with people and there trendy clothes and hair , just not for me . i don't care what they're wearing or what hair style they have , what they look like . i wear what's comfortable and ... nevermore doesn't think so . i don't like istj's and estj's , they stress me out . the people i feel the most comfortable around are enfp's and infp's . good idea ! that would be an amazing date ! do it ! lol * what time of the day do you meet up . mid day to evening in the summer . * what would your first ' event ? ' - - do you guys go for a bite to eat immediately ( where would you eat ? ) picnic on the grass ... the same as always , boring and a little productive . a friend dropped off his cat off at my place , his name is quincy . i've watched him before , i'm glad i'm watching him again . hung out with my ... it's ok to feel that way , i feel the same way . it's human to think this way , not everyone will admit it though . they're too proud to say that they think like we do . dad is a insj and my mom is a etfp . total opposites , what i've seen opposites don't attract . i think with having so many failed relationships you never have trust with anyone , that someone will always be your friend . to have trust in a relationship is really important to me . when i was ... i can see the j a little , i just find that i relate to him a lot though with him being himself with interviews and such . i can sense what he's thinking . i think johnny depp is one . he seems like he could be one . fruit basket ! :) thanks for the suggestions , i really appreciate it . i've heard of art therapy before but have never heard of music or dance therapy . i'll definitely have to check all of out . i'm not really good at ... lol good one conformist . i knew right off the bat . knew since i was 12 , my personality hasn't changed . i've read quite a few books about personality types . i think i have a low score of being introverted and over the years ... i think i'm pretty influential and to represent . i don't externalize what's on my mind to people so i actually change my answer to enfp because they learn more about people and life i think . they are ... i want a career that have psychology , music and art , wrapped into one . i'm into psychology but i have had a history of depression . i don't think being a counselor would be a good idea if i'm on meds ... '