' i don't know about her , but i wouldn't appreciate it one bit being called a pity friend . the thing about us is , we don't get angry much . she's probably not angry over this . but we do get ... i've started watching this series recently , i'm nearing the end of season 1 ( so no spoilers xd ) , and i hold your opinion of the series , i'm absolutely amazed . as for reinhard , he's never occurred ... if you also sing it like you're cheering on a sports match , this mbti stuff is about to get real creepy .. xd i can't get lost , i might not know which way to go to find something , but i always know the way back ! i prefer to be that person who advises the leader and can get him to do whatever , but to still stay in the shadows . i talk to everyone and am good with everyone and everyone trusts me too much . i ... intj the mastermind you scored 50 i versus e , 0 n versus s , 80 f versus t , and 60 j versus p ! your ideal romantic partner is known as the mastermind . as a romantic partner , ... warmth 3.2 have a steam account , although i mostly use it for dota . i have a few games friends bought me , but i don't play them very often , since i mostly play what others wanna play , since i find it as a way ... based on your cognitive functions , your type is most likely : most likely : entp or second possibility : intp or third possibility : entj your cognitive functions are , ... he missed being able to finish something you've started . in that case , i'd get angry , but because i'm out of control of the situation . i have to spend the money , no matter what i do , because of somebody else not being competent . but i wouldn't hate them ... i very much like the idea of revolution , but i don't bet it's as fun and amazing as it seems . things often seem pretty and poetic when we look at them , but when real people start dying we kind of ... tell her you're the author of this blog : the voice of reason and proceed to use that kind of logic to argue your viewpoints . but seriously , it's nearly impossible to piss us off . see , when ... i don't know who would wean but entp / intj army would definitely be more fun , so i'm signing up ! kind of pointless , since i'm an entp , but meh . really , we'd either mess you up in such a way that ... i am having a feeling everyone will be proposing epic challenges and minority will be actually doing them . xd edit : maybe we should have the rule of only being able to propose a new challenge ... eleventhheart as if doing it the first time wasn't crazy and time-consuming enough . xd that aside , we should make a thread with a list of entps by gender , age etc . perhaps just the active ones or ... the worst part of this idea is that no one is actually doing it . we should make thread on how to work on an idea , except by making other types work for you . xd what the holy duck happened in here ? i don't know for killing , but i'd save either alexander the great or satoshi kon . the difference in these choices amazes me too . xd i feel like celebrity gossip is one of the stupidest things ever . i frankly do not care . i don't know anything about those people , i might love them for their work , i might conclude i would probably ... i never played laser tag . my stupid city . * cries * anyway , i like the battle royale idea and i think kids would get it , but the main issue here is that it's kind of difficult to keep an eye on them ... i have an istp friend who loves to read . she does that , too , but she also reads novels . know 2 intjs , known them since we were kids , and one intp , knew her for a year . now , that's hardly enough to say for the whole group , but i'll give my opinion . intj they appear reserved at first , ... nt , agnostic , like to say neither atheist nor theist , although i admit it to be completely nonsensical . fatar error : te is missing . attempting system reboot . i really liked the game , honestly . first of all , the whole steampunkish setting really got to me . * manly tear , been waiting for that * i usually like the story in a game the best , but the way the ... exactly ! i never felt like the point was that robin was the one for ted , i even felt a bit sorry for both of them , knowing ted will never feel the same . but love is love and love is never the same ... yes , exactly that ! i'm enthusiastic about it for a while , excited to explore it etc , but after a while it just burns out . i still like it , there's just no will to do it so much . people or activities ... i get bored of my friends , but i never love them any less for that . if i felt for them while we hung out every day , i will still feel as strongly at a random moment when i haven't seen them for a ... i voted entp believing religion is a problem , because religion , to me , is an organization of people with the same belief concerning god , meaning of life etc . and the part that bothers me about it ... i love how intps put socializing under quotation marks . : 3 and i think it's perfectly normal , and not se thing . perhaps , yet , there is s and n type of flirting , but i think it'd be hard to ... ouch . i thought it would pass after a while ... but we , nts , were never good with letting feelings go until we decide they truly aren't logical , despite what most of us claim . if we still hope , ... are you sure somebody hasn't just made that to harass some of their friends ? i mean , i can't believe they would just let him get away with something like that ... as for the woman in the post ... not an intj , but would surely enjoy that . i wish there was just that pause button and you spent whichever amount of time doing exactly what you described , and then you just came back , no time passed , ... i embrace it as who i am , but do not use it as an excuse ( to anybody , including myself ) . i accept that it's what i am like and use it to understand my behavior , so i could influence it next time , or ... entp 7 here who's very fond of commitment , am i kicked out ? xd kidding , but really , i find it more ... how to phrase this ... interesting and new and un-routinish to be with one person constantly ... well , some of them are kind of learning how to speak their own language and / or trick people into thinking they learned something ... you're lucky , people here stop learning before they graduate from highschool . i'm very good at talking to myself and pretending they're listening me , if i have nothing else to do . if what i'm saying is important to me , tho , i can get really annoyed because we don't connect , ... if you call overly enthusiastically doing things for certain period of time and then abruptly stopping an addiction , yeah , i get addicted quite a lot . i used to , quit quite recently due to not having time or will to anymore . there's that point in chess when you rock among your peers cuz you're good at it and that moment in chess when it's all about ... not really , although it could be one of the titles , it seems kind of too shallow to describe us . it addresses only communication and only one aspect of it . the visionaries is just perfect ... what if i creepily ask people to do the test all the time ? xp ___ intp > entp > intj > entj > infj > enfj > infp > istp ... heh , i usually do plan time and place and sometimes how long will i stay , but what will i do .. meh .. sometimes vaguely . * sigh * ... i knew it was a thing ! xd you don't have to be a nice guy not to be an asshole . and i'm not sure what a nice guy is , either . well .. most young female intjs i know do brag in a way . but about maturity , not intelligence in iq sense . male ones don't ( should state that the only ones i know are ennea 6s , tho ) , at all , until ... there you have it . woman fantasize of being that one person for whom he won't be like that or for whom he'll change . they keep trying to convince me they're his only hope etc . _ _ they want to play ... i don't know . i find it pointless to yell at your screen . '