' i specifically dislike any kind of verbal communication where i cannot see the other person , especially in more formal settings . i don't mind social phone calls ( if they are scheduled for my and my ... i've had this account for ages but i've never quite become a regular . it seems like a few times a year i go through phases where i spend a ton of time lurking on this site and then i wonder why i ... ah . in that case , i am not the person to ask . i don't have anything more to contribute , but what the people above me said seems right . i am currently doing that . if there is a decent college close to where you live , it shouldn't be a big deal . what do you want to know ? here's 2 cents from someone who's been on both sides of the coin : i used to think being an english major would be easy because i am gifted in language . then i actually became one . i started ... i graduated early , but then i ended up taking a year off school to write and pretty much do whatever i wanted so i started college with my peers . and i was indecisive about what i wanted to study so ... i think it's both , really . it depends on the student , and i'm sure the particular school too . most of the younger students are still just kids but where i go there are also a great deal of older ... intp barty crouch jr . - i thought he was the most compelling villain in the series , as i found him both more cunning than voldemort , and more fascinating in his motivations . i liked that despite ... i almost always test intp or istp and those are the two types i flip between . the most different result i ever got was estj , but that was only once out of many . hydrogen and fluorine . hydrogen because it is in its own category ; it doesn't really fit into any group . fluorine because it has the highest electronegativity . it just will not give up its electrons . 79/100 shutter island , you mean ? in which case , definitely . i knew what the twist ending to that would be from the preview . being correct too often is definitely a problem . it makes me not want to ... really ? that sounds interesting ... i used to skate every once in a while but was always too afraid to jump . now i kind of want to try it . 11 . i gained 4 points since the last time i took the test . lol i have a handful of close acquaintances and one close friend . she's an esfj , and been friends for 14 years . as different as we are on the surface , we really understand each other most of the time ... i have something like that ... it's kind of automatic to me , really , but i'm not sure how to describe it . there are a lot of different branches and rooms in it but i think the best example might be ... i wanted to find out what other intps were like so i started lurking on this forum , and then after a week or so just thought what the hell , why not ? and made an account . i stay because i learn ... i've been told i was a good singer , but this typically comes from family members or friends , so i tend to think they're sugar-coating it a bit . i don't think i'm a bad singer or anything , but i'd ... at least one of my friends is esfp , and while she's fun to be around and motivates me to do a lot of cool things , it's always been really obvious to me that we are just different . like some others ... my best friend is an esfj , and while i can't speak for all of them i can tell you what she likes . what kind of careers are they drawn to ? she is a baker , and is also interested in restaurant ... major depression : slight dysthymia : slight-moderate bipolar disorder : moderate cyclothymia : extremely high seasonal affective disorder : slight postpartum depression : n / a linguistic 83 % logical-mathematical 81 % visual-spatial 58 % interpersonal 44 % musical 44 % intrapersonal 38 % bodily-kinesthetic 25 % naturalistic 8 % almost definitely right . i am extremely boredom prone , probably unhealthily so , but lacking a laptop , or book or anything doesn't bother me . i mean , staying on the computer all day is boring too . anything can be boring . it's ... the years in which i had an arch-nemesis were the most productive years of my life . we would compete in everything from writing , to science , to chess simply for the pleasure of saying i won . i'm ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? the sensing and intuition functions have got me confused . i'm reasonably sure i am ti dominant , but i am not sure where i am ... i also live near the suburbs of chicago . agent blackout : 5w6 / 7w6 , 9w1 , 4w5 , ( sx / so / sp ) bazinga 187 : 3w2 , 7w6 , 9w1 , sp / so / sx promethea : cp6w7sw5w6 - 8w9sw9w1 - 4w5sw3w4 sx / sp ... alt . wing : 6w7 - 8w3 - 4w2 wormwood : 5w6 - 4w5 - 1w9 sp / so / sx qingdom : ... i'm an intp type 5w6 - have been sorted into ravenclaw and slytherin . my wand - length : 13 in wood : fir ( my august grandfather , gerbold octavius ollivander , always called wands of this wood ‘ the ... the blanched soldier and the lion's mane , are from holmes ' pov , so there is some amount of his interpretation of his own thought process . of the two , i've only read the blanched soldier so far ... your aspie score : 120 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 75 of 200 you are very likely an aspie . ... intp , sorted twice - ravenclaw / slytherin . usually . i just turned something in over a week late , though , so it definitely happens occasionally . this is my current obsession , too , and it started the same way . i am about halfway through the complete sherlock holmes book at the moment . this had led to me being pretty obsessed with victorian ... i didn't know what i wanted my username to be , but i was watching doctor who when i made my account so i took starship uk from the episode because i liked the name . it kind of works for me ... your score was 82 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the high machs , people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because of that it must be manipulated , people who ... it was more-so when i was slightly younger that people would pester me with what's wrong ? , you need to smile more , and the like . i still get it occasionally ( for some reason mostly from ... i don't remember not knowing how to read , but i'm told i taught myself by following along with the text when people read to me and just sort of figuring it out how it worked . i was ~ 2 . i do know ... i've typed as every variation of nt , istp , and estp . i'm relatively sure i'm at least ixtp , though . i scored 31 . i've been meaning to , myself but chose not to since i didn't have anything else to post . ^ _ ^ love it . also , this , 1,000 times over ! i used to think i was afraid to die but then i realised it was ... the agile thinker you scored 23 artist , 30 philosopher , 48 scientist ! your thinking style is such that you vaccilate between building and creating things ; pondering their purpose and value . the ... pi pie i have one , maybe two close friends and 8 friends total . that's the most i've ever had in my life and yes , i would consider that a lot . going off this ; when i tell people i need silence so i can think and they continue to talk to me anyway , so i tell them again , and when i finally snap at them and leave the room they get offended ... paranoid 30 % 49 % schizoid 74 % 53 % schizotypal | | 58 % 53 % antisocial | 66 % 47 % borderline 26 % 47 % histrionic 22 % 43 % ... this reminded me : once someone asked me to do them a favour an i said ' thank you , ' multiple times actually . to this day i have no idea what brought that on ... itp . i've always been pretty much the same . i've played piano since before i can clearly remember , i dabble in guitar , but i'm no dedicated enough to practising it to become any good . i have been wanting a violin for pretty much my entire ... i wear essentially the same thing every day : black pants , black , grey , or white long sleeved t-shirt , black vest , a scarf , a trench coat , usually black . if it's too hot outside i remove the ... i get this feeling , too . if i'm in a relatively sizeable group of friends ( > 3 ) , it's often like i'm only there to amuse them with my eccentricities rather than to be actually listened to . it's as if ... '