' i'm finding the lack of me in these posts very alarming . sex can be boring if it's in the same position often . for example me and my girlfriend are currently in an environment where we have to creatively use cowgirl and missionary . there isn't enough ... giving new meaning to ' game ' theory . hello * entp grin * that's all it takes . than we converse and they do most of the flirting while i acknowledge their presence and return their words with smooth wordplay and more cheeky grins . this + lack of balance and hand eye coordination . real iq test i score 127 . internet iq tests are funny . i score 140s or higher . now , like the former responses of this thread i will mention that i don't believe in the iq test . before you banish ... you know you're an entp when you vanish from a site for a year and a half , return , and find people are still commenting on your posts and liking your ideas / thoughts . you know you're an entp when you ...  i over think things sometimes . i go by the old sherlock holmes quote . perhaps , when a man has special knowledge and special powers like my own , it rather encourages him to seek a complex ... cheshirewolf.tumblr.com so is i :D 400,000+ post not really ; i've never thought of e / i or j / p as real functions . i judge myself on what i use . i use ne and ti as my dominates . fe for emotions and rarely si . i also use ni due to me strength ... you know though . that was ingenious . after saying it i really want to try it and see what happens with me playing a first person shooter in the back while we drive around . i want to see the look on ... out of all of them the rock paper one is the best . it makes me lol . you guys are lucky :D i'm really high up on the tumblr system . so did you hear about that new first person shooter game ? i've been rocking the hell out of the soundtrack on my auto sound equipment that will shake the heavens . we managed to put a couple ps3 ' s in ... no ; the way he connected things was very ne . ne dominates are just as aware of their environments as se dominates . example : shawn spencer or patrick jane ; both entps . well charlie i will be the first to admit i do get jealous like you do . i chalk it up to my 4w3 heart mixed with my dominate 7w8 . 7s and 8s both like to be noticed . 4 ' s like to be known ( not the same ... ;D i'll upload the same clip with the mic away from my mouth . than you won't hear anything . ninja assassin style but with splatter . tik tok is a really great song . as long as you can mental block out the singer . i love the beat it makes me bounce . drop.io v1swck0 :D mic really close to my mouth and smokin aces : assassins ball playing in the background . sociable =/ = extrovert ; i'm an extrovert and i'm not sociable . :) sherlock in the movie was an entp . normally he's played as a extj . in the books he's an estj . as i said . the movie looked good except for it being called sherlock holmes . oh , i never had fear of kissing a guy . i will kiss an animal too . so there was nothing to vanish . just personal taste and me not liking it . the guy i kissed didn't know me . it was one of those ... sounds pretty much like my area and what i'm going through right now trying to figure out which way i want to take my life . i want to do so many things . the biggest problem is that i know if i don't ... ;D i was operating under the impression that you were female . i never looked at your boxy . okay , i help out my gay friends all the time and one of them has developed a little crush on me . i get red ... t_t you just described me and i'm living the worst nightmare . i'm trapped in one place with one one around . only dull woods . if i was a serial killer this would be the perfect place but sadly i'm ... tbh , and biased , sounds like a shadowed infp . i think maybe he was hurt and turned estj . i can tell because he has some of the typical infp traits left over . * checks list * i'm sorry . it seems that you have came at a bad time . we've already reached our quota of infjs . however , being you're female and i like females i will make you a deal . i will kick one ... i'm antp ( leaning toward e ) . i'm easy for both entps and intps to identify with . :) i also imagine entp's interrogations would go a little bit like jack's from 24 except more mechanical . rigging up shock treatment equipment in an abandoned building out of an old car batty , jumper ... it was a compliment :) trust me . i'm just as psychopathic :D except i have emoticons . they're just weird ones . like laughing when i get hurt or at people running themselves over with their lawn mower ...  no . it's like a theme for where i live and that is why i know it by heart . and i usual don't leave until the thing ends . but in the mean time . in between times . you work your thing . i'll work mine :D ;D i'm the mbp ; pleasure to meet you . damn , need to trust my instincts more i would have been closer i was going to say infp . exfp ? leaning toward s with the way she responded . :D my friends , even my gay and lesbian ones , always come to me for advice . i bow to my entp masters entps are so great . if it wasn't for entps i wouldn't have been able to build what i'm building duck duck duck shotgun what ? me ? i never do that > . > < . < because its hard to be sad about losing someone you like when you knew you were right and give yourself a big pat on the back because you're awesome and always correct . oh , you don't have to tell me that most of them are stupid . i know this . that is why i play with them and it makes me laugh . :D as i'm going to take neuropsychology and i have a few psychologist ... :D i'm a nightowl . i wake up between 6-7 pm and stay awake till 10-11 : 30am . personal opinion backed by theory would suggest that intps are the most socially difficult . while intjs can be socially indifferent but they will also use social situations if the the need arises ... personal stocks that i have on my desktop that i've downloaded from random stock sites and stock photobuckets . i'll tell you when i open photoshop . :) glad you like it static . :D thanks .  made for a friend . several hours of work . i constructed every line by ... :) static : i'll have to get to your avatar later if one of my fellow teammates doesn't . psychologist don't keep me around long enough to diagnosis me . i like to toy with them . what i have diagnosis myself with and had a few psychologist friends ( + a few other friends ) tell me i have is ... '