' duality : yer doin ' it rong . duality would technically be entp / isfj . they are ne / ti / fe / si ( entp ) and si / fe / ti / ne ( isfj ) , so they share every valued function in reverse order of strengths , and can ... the diamond age : or , a young lady's illustrated primer by neal stephenson . i can't tell if it's cyberpunk or steampunk , but it's good so far . :) infjs can use ne well , but we don't value it as much as say enxp or inxp types do and so we don't use it nearly as much . when my entp boyfriend comes up with all of these possibilities for things , i ... the socionics introvert types make more sense to me than the mbti ones . i felt off as an infj because i don't really have judging tendencies , but that's because infjs are really perceiving types ... hey , i've been dating an entp for a year now ; i think i have some insight into the entp mind and what makes it tick . :P socionics actually explains the intrigue of the entp-infj relationship ... i've been dating an entp for a year without pulling the push-pull stunt , and as far as i know , he's not bored of me yet . ;) it might be fun in the beginning stages , but judging by my guy , i think ... do you really want a relationship full of push-pull and over-analysis ? infp is closest , followed by entp and infj . don't thank me , thank the internet ! i don't really make the chopping motion much , but i gesture a lot when i speak ( see videos in sig ) . i blame my italian family . :P i am an infj 6w5 1w9 4w5 dating an entp , likely 7w6 3w4 8w7 . we drive each other crazy in all the best and worst possible ways . i generally like strong ne users ; they feed my ni with lots of tasty ... entp ? 10char . intelligent , witty , adventurous , artistic and passionate people . focus on successes and progress instead of failures and missteps . infjs would be the crazed prophets warning everyone about the impending doom while no one believes them , then preparing thoroughly and hiding away . self-love helps . my avatar is a picture of me wearing my friend's unicorn hoodie and playing the kings card game at a party . it shows how i'm focused on playing the hand i'm dealt and having fun while doing so . :) well , functions aren't really used alone , so i'm not sure it's possible to totally isolate your experience of using one vs . the others . however , from what i understand , ni mostly involves deductions ... i understand ; watching my entp boyfriend interact with his esfj mom can be painful . she talks to him like he's still a kid sometimes and i watch his rage meter filling , but that's more because she's ... all the entp hate on fe is cute , especially since you guys all use it and can be quite manipulative as well . :P my dad is a healthy estp , so i have plenty of experience with them . :P we get along pretty well , though his answer to me every single time i'm feeling down is go exercise , and he tried to push me ... 6w5 . in strong , fj weak . the only confirmed infj i've met is my ex . i thought he was absolutely adorable , somewhat awkward , and a bit mysterious . we had a ton of interests in common and were both excited about that . :D notifications infj entp sex & relationships cognitive functions enneagram type 6 then i wander off to some other corner of the internet . i'm pretty good at most games since i've been playing pretty much all my life , but fps give me trouble . i just started playing tf2 with my entp boyfriend who has been playing for years , and while ... tompster : omg those things were all over my college dorm room . abominations of nature . to add to the infj kidz collection : i didn't grow very quickly , so i was a pumpkin for a few halloweens in a row . my dad still ... i've never really been organized , but i've always been an infj . my first love was another infj . things started off wonderfully , and there was a child-like carefree aura around our relationship in its early stages . as we became more intimate and learned more ... as an infj who has been dating an entp for nine months now , these threads always amuse me . it's not that complicated ; things should just work . none of this seducing , scheming , game-playing , ... name : marlena age : 23 how were you treated as a young child ? were you supported by family or did you receive threats / critical remarks ? do you feel you received enough healthy affection ( both ... i majored in photojournalism in college and found it fulfilling but far too stressful to pursue as a long-term career , and after waffling around for a few years after graduation , i finally settled ... very dark chocolate , like 90 % . so good . i met my entp boyfriend on okcupid , and we're a great match . :D when you find someone interesting , i think you should meet in person asap , after a thorough vibe appraisal of course . the longer you ... i used to be that way until i found a stylist who started talking about grindhouse movies , zombies and punk rock with me while making me look pretty . now i love getting my hair cut . :D a lot of the time , i'm so stuck in my own head that i don't even notice that anything has changed , at least not consciously . you just got a new haircut ? i'll probably compliment you on it sometime ... i'm not sure if that's happened to me before , but i do wake up with a completely random song playing in my head on a regular basis , usually something embarrassing like an old britney spears hit . sounds like you know what you're doing and have a good plan of action . most entps really appreciate straightforwardness - go for it ! well , i've been dating an entp i met online for about 8 months now . his depth is hard to see because he masks it with humor and he is somewhat immature , but when i first met him i knew there was a ... she could very well stay with her current interest , as some entps seem to prefer trying out any relationship that has even a glimmer of potential , and they see possibilities everywhere . those entps ... have you let her know that you've realized your mistake , and that you'd like to try again if her current dating situation doesn't pan out ? if your match is as stellar as you've painted it to be , ... i think a lifetime in prison may be a far worse punishment for some criminals than the death penalty ever could be , but their execution would minimize the suffering of those whose lives they ... try living with an isfj mother ; it's not just perceiving types that communicate this way . i politely ask people with this communication style to spell out the details if they're unclear , even if i ... the chimera is a mythical creature composed of a mish-mash of parts from different animals . infjs are sometimes called social chameleons , ... i kind of enjoy forcing myself to drastically change my perspective by examining uncomfortable truths and figuring out how to integrate them comfortably into my existing world-view . sounds a lot like my infp friend . i love spicy food , especially thai curries with basil , but usually end up doing time in the bathroom a few hours after i eat it . :/ '