' are you saying that your love for someone is still unrequited or have you already rationalized the feelings away as you've found someone else who you now tell yourself you love but sometimes fight ... 5 ' 7 . 168 pounds . i am nowhere near being an ectomorph and i am a kapha without a car so i'm not inclined to ever being fat even though i do store it easily because i walk , rollerblade , and run when ... i really just want to get out of here . i want someone to get me out of here so i know what the destination will be and i won't be alone . the hard part is agreeing to it because that's the person ... i think estjs are hot , it's just difficult to find a single and fitting u200bone . it's not that simple . you better make sure you find the right one . we all have unique fingerprints for a reason i bet . i think it depends on many factors . remember that there are subtypes . si estjs are softer than te estjs . you may think it's as easy as hanging out with an estj who asks you out , but there is so much ... we're the most passive people , we're optimistic dreamers but when we're sad we can sulk and feel guilty and be poor at most , but never are infps suicidal . i think ij and ej types are suicidal but ... infps are not suicidal , yo . i know i'm not as cute as i used to be but i'm good at figuring out what's cute and what really isn't . most things just aren't that cute anymore , they're sad , missed , lonely , and regrettable ... i don't think you're that deep . everything just fades into a photograph , darling . i recently tried to ask out an estj online and playing along in a multiple-message conversation which didn't seem to end until he just downright ignored my asking him out on an actual date , he'd ... i've dreamt of aurora borealis , but i have yet to actually see it in the sky . i will have to agree with you on the moon . it . unbeknown drum how can i count on the terror itself which binds us to this mercurial fencing and feeds us of short-spanned brine how can i dream and think of my blood surge when it is being ... what ? i think i have fallen in love with an estj . but he's married ( there was a ring on his finger when he introduced himself to me ) and there's nothing i could do about what had unfortunately ... clearly it's based on good to know . otherwise , it's her internal system of introverted feeelings . infp - a gaze marked off with a one-eyed sneer followed by 180 turn of the back . i love esfjs . they're hilarious , warm , giving , kind , somewhat intimidating at times , and it's hard not to worry about them ... they can take their love to the battlefield ? yeah it is complicated , especially since i would need a director-type partner who would be able to practically implement these ideas into life . i have plenty of ideas . that's the problem . no i'm talking about a multi-faceted way of trading in recyclable , specific materials and old items which contain those materials for actual , needed , possibly more innovative items from a collection ... how about instead of pawn shops : trading goods stores ? an actual , materialistic store that profits from selling wholesale items by consumers coming in and recycling ? recycling and trading ... ohmigod yes basic haircut ; nothing ever wild or over-the-top or edgy so fit that athletic doesn't even begin to describe the obsession this person has with staying in shape and healthy ocd about money and ... people of the perc-interested community : this is what a real boyfriend should act like . huge kudos and positive energy to men who are capable of being ideal role models for upcoming generations . entp-possible sociopathics infps don't seek revenge . they seek clarity of reason for attack . if anything , they just shield themselves from those they may accidentally offend who are the revenge seekers . your sarcasm is delightful , i just couldn't help myself . it's useless to argue with you when you don't even understand when a woman feels as though she is being undermined in any way by a man . i'm not blindly discriminating , either . i am calling you a ... stop using that phrase , you villain . what couples therapy is there to do if the girl just started dating the guy ? you clearly don't listen , nor have you ever outgrown your demeaning and elementary ... and please , candycane 75 , do it soon . saying that you're going to take something with a grain of salt means that you'll take a while before you actually do something about the fact that you have ... first of all . don't spread your usage of improper , misleading , and insulting language on the internet like a terrorist . second of all . i wasn't quite basing my argument on typology ... which is what i am always waiting for in a conversation with people . typology is shallow , my dear . everyone who labels oneself as a certain type has got to be a little bit splishy poolwater , indeed ; ... i really hate to break it to you , but you don't trust your boyfriend because he is an istp . according to the entire system of typology , you should be dating almost any type but the istp if you're ... incredibly right you are . i personally don't understand that thing in socionics descriptions about the masculine male estj having short hair as a rule ... i just can't imagine all masculine men ... i'm sure i can catch myself a salmon , if need be . vegetarianism / pescatarianism / lacto-ovo ( you get it ) is quite rewarding and the longevity of my consistent bowel passages outweighs , as well . right , yes ! predator ! yeah , rabbit meat is much more naturally aromatic and doesn't require as much marination at all . gyros ' aftereffect now make me want to re-read those klutz books on knots . oh and you seem like a ... that's definitely a generality . oh , and snowball is a diva . aww she does look addicting . a bit analytical too , by the way especially in your pro picture . oh and i would relate to either the mountain goat or the elephant and last but not least the camel because it is much more unlikely . i'd probably have to be taller and thinner . i don't have enough of ... that's nice and necessary i suppose . your cat is gorgeous ! lol yes , cats can be quite nice indeed . especially long-hairs . poor ? i was always jealous of those models . they always get the dreamy tall men in search for deodorant-stick models of the nineties and early millennium . humans share 50 % dna with bananas : the fascinating facts about the scientific world around us - mirror online that's funny , so have i ... perhaps we're onto something here . yeah . besides , human dna is closest similar to that of the banana fruit . whenever i take socionics tests out of boredom or desperation in those weird gaps of nothing-to-do at work , i get fe subtype . on the other hand when i'm off of work and i take the tests i almost ... perhaps the society in which one lives is more affected by short-term relationships : mbti on the contrary a society which values community and family relations rather than escapist individualist ... that does not answer my question . relationship-wise , how does having opposite functions not benefit both individuals equally ? '