' journaling , art , dance , gardening would help . it would release the emotions in a constructive way . she can express her thoughts through a journal . gardening is amazing in that you take care of ... brought supplies to my parents yesterday . food , a grill , lights , power banks and a battery operated fan - . i am not too sure what they or others were thinking . florida has hurricane preparedness ... still have power , but my neighbors across the street and my parents in another section of town dont . i have no internet . i am using a wifi hotspot some branches down , but no damage . one missed a ... wtf we have a curfew . forget it , i am going fishin . now to find a store thats open to get beer . almost . florida does have hurricane windstorm insurance , both public and private here is a link to the specifics if you are really interested . what page 2 ? ? who is buying . i live in south florida . cant say that its not a breezy evening . things are picking up and fast . hope to have a roof over my head come monday . dear istp dad i asked you back in february , if you wanted wingnuts for the hurricane shutters , since i was ordering them . you replied no , cause if there is a hurricane you would just leave . ... boy am i late on this parade yea i did it ; a specialized 2 year degree . i had a blast . i found the younger students a joy to be around . dont isolate yourself , join in on group study sessions and ... ok , i am home . what did i miss ?  siggy is drunk 77 % likely to perceived as toxic . ( guess i am in the 23 % ) indeed she is . congrats to the personality resources king hail to the king , hail to the king i would wait until the flies and insects are out , so you can accurately determine what type of insects are around and if they are a problem . when or if the time comes , there are cheaper options ... ax in case some members are not aware . there is a lgbt group so what about speed limits , arent they just suggestions ? :p enguin :: penguin :: rockon : ok its prime day and i have only one objective . kcups organic decaf ... check organic bold roast ... waiting i would have said something directly to them like what are you laughing at ? . it would have caught them off guard , putting them in the awkward situation . its 5:18 here , close enough i live almost in the tropics and near a beach . super boring , cant wait to move . plus there arent any seasons so its the same old , same old . so i'll take the trendy hip area in a major city ... short answer as a former green mod / global mod and admin on this forum ; they can , perhaps not immediate but persistent trolls can end up with the ban hammer . best to report the posts or talk to the ... now this was a sight tow truck pulls out of the neighbors driveway with repossessed car in tow . the neighbor who was walking his dog sees truck , and runs trying to flag it down . neighbors pants ... dear special snowflake you walk into a forum dedicated to a specific chronic illness , ask a bunch of stupid questions , and post threads for the sake of posting threads . i get that you are looking ... smirnoff ice makes a great fly catcher . drink half the bottle , leave the other half and watch em drunk drown . hey braided pain c'mon over . lifetime supply of gin ? ladies and gentlemen this is going to work out very well a toast to the intj embassy . :p erc 3 : so the pain radiating down your arm is just nerve irritation , says the pt . goes back to ortho and says pt is making things worse . ortho says pain radiating down your arm is not a shoulder problem ... i have the same issue with visitor messages ; additionally pm notifications are showing up in my email , but not on my home page . back in the early days of the forum , thanks were allowed . 4 . no advertising advertising bots , propaganda accounts , accounts used for evangelizing , and persons who register with the intention of using this forum for seo or link-dropping will be banned ... ok rebecca , how about washing the lettuce with vodka , or gin instead of water . and when its poured over , have a bowl ready so the vodka / gin can be recycled into a drink . use water from a water bottle or container . the leaves can be rinsed easily enough . i am in the grocery store looking for a head of lettuce . and low and behold a plastic container of lettuce leafs conveniently pulled apart from its core ... cause its sooo easy to just take a leaf ... high of 95 , with red flag warnings ( conditions are ideal for the start and spread of wildfires ) so i guess i wont be firing up the grill today small tears in tendons and frozen shoulder . how fun tequila is on sale , might as well stock up . do we need anything else ? whaaat ? oh ' come on . the audience would have loved a public execution . some passive / aggressive crap going on with that one oh dear this is one of the milder clips . there are others which are far worse , to the point where tlc put a dont try this at home disclaimer  commander okra , i got okra . two pods on each plant about 1/2 long . tomatoes ; got them too , still green though '