' if you're confused as to whether you're an infp or an infj , you should watch this video ! let us know if you have any other questions , and we'll make sure to include it in our next video ! ... there are different types of intelligences , and i think that each personality type has one intelligence in particular that makes them unique . for example , i think that istjs are most likely ... yup . this is exactly what everyone thinks of infps . no doubt about it ... lol i'm still laughing ! : laughing : oh , gosh ... what are some infp stereotypes ? i want to know how others view an infp ... he's too smart to be an f , * * grammar : use it . furthermore , it seems like he's an enfp . he's very much an extrovert , and he is able to see the big picture a lot better than most presidents . ... the feeling of not being good enough . i am 100 % sure that the perspectives of both of these movies are of infps that have lost hope at one point . first : nick carraway from great gatsby nick was the neighbor and only friend to the ... i'm very happy that you came to that conclusion (: i have a very serious question . do you think most gay infps aren't here because they're the most likely to commit suicide at a young age ? i know i struggled with this my whole life . anytime ! <3 i'm happy for you , and don't let yourself get down if things don't work out for a bit . be happy that you're alive and feeling things at all (: feelings are gifts , not things to regret . let me know how everything works out (: do you have a link to some studies ? do you think that you're going to change your behavior soon ? you should look up a video by brene brown , titled the power of vulnerability , on youtube . i think that may help . let me know what ... from an gay infp dude . you're not gay . you're just emotionally aware , and girls don't understand that all too well . especially at an earlier age . most girls that tell me about boys tend to ignore ... me (: + 1 queer ( norms ? ! what are those ? ) + 1 pan sexual ( i love everyone equally ) question : is it possible to be asexual and infp ? ! i'm really enjoying this thread :p 69889 this is me . i like taking pictures that somewhat bring my dreams to life . i dared in the form of a polite request ... : kitteh : i've always wondered if a person's personality type determines their musical preference , so in this thread may you please post your personality type and the 3 songs you are currently most drawn to . ... what happened to make you think that you were apathetic ? and do you really think that you were apathetic ? where do you live ? and i personally think that when an infp begins to mature , ... san francisco , ca i think there is a larger amount of introverts and ambiverts in the world than most believe , but in a dominant extroverted culture , the statistics are skewed . it also depends on where you live and ... how often have you taken on the role of the leader ? which of your parents is the istj ? what was your major ? how long do your cyber-relationships last ? have you had non cyber-relationships ? story of my life ... lol i think that the description is very general , and most are probably written by non-infps that don't understand the complexity of an infp . the usual perception may simply be interpreted as a whiney , ... you're very sweet ! ! ! thanks for that ! (: the reason i identify with infp most is because , from my understanding , it makes sense . i have a very adaptable nature . i adapt to situations and people and let their experiences mold me . ... why did you think you were mistyped ? and what process did you go through to decide an end result ? and correction : 7 types * * i listed 6 and forgot infj . i actually don't think i've been mistyped . i agree that my qualities align well with the qualities that describe infp . i also see my qualities align with 5 of the other personality types ( enfp , ... hi y'all ! my name is angel , and i live in san francisco . i love learning , especially about people , so feel free to message me ! : kitteh : if you have any questions , feel free to ask them . ... when i took the brigg's test for the first time , my results had very low percentages ( except for n - i was at 34 % ) . i don't truly know what this means , but i'm assuming that it means that it's means ... '