' ah . that all seems a bit vague to be honest ; all of those things could mean anything , unrelated to specific functions . his thinking is detached from himself , it's about external frameworks , facts , ... here's a good thread on his type : richard dawkins is it just me who thinks it's rather obvious ? he's external framework mad ... why do you think ti ? deja vu is generally when a new memory is created of the event you're currently still experiencing , and it slips into the long-term instead of short-term compartments , so it feels like it happened a ... te , yes . people point out typos and grammatical errors when they have nothing better to contribute . it means they can't find a more substantial hole in what you've said , but they still need to feel good about ... when you can't form a coherent logical thought and then you cry about it . : wink : that's called normal child development . it's not down to se . children seek experiences to gather data on the world to form a map for navigating through life . go to the doctor if it's overly abnormal . you could be undergoing a long developmental stage right now . or you might just be extremely fickle , but who knows . re : the title , people aren't that simple ... well , he's certainly not nt ... : wink : why is it so negative ? doesn't he have any good points ? can't type him based on this , it's basically just a list of behaviors common to the disorders listed ... fun ... is not the word . we really are scraping the bottom of the barrel for mbti-randomshit correlations , aren't we ? it's a well-known fact that both autism and the entp type have an above-average correlation with enjoying my little pony and magic the gathering conventions . owls are ironically rather unintelligent ( even for a bird ) ! the wise cliche is a myth . enfp . good , it's mostly nonsense anyway . you don't learn how your mind actually works through it . that's probably a sign that you are neither n or s dom . one would be favoured the highest , and the other suppressed completely , making it obvious how you're orientated . yet you clearly prefer f over ... wow , it's like you deliberately gave answers according to the thinker stereotype . how unbiased a picture of yourself does that description give ? i find it sexually arousing . how about mbti and potato chip flavor preference ? or perhaps mbti and favorite cloud formation ? lol , it's so petty and melodramatic when people get bothered about being discriminated against over a typology theory . a six-armed dragon from a while ago that i could never be arsed to finish . don't complete a lot of drawings these days , usually i say etc and leave it . absolutely . in fact , i have a well-known habit of saying things like ... uh , never mind ... or actually , it doesn't matter straight after asking a question if i see that the person won't react ... i'm a little confused about what it actually entails , especially in sx dominance . because i read about it , and sometimes it says sx is about needing one on one relationships or that special ... . i do pixel art when i'm bored ... here's some pokemon fan art : diancie sprite mega alakazam is ... it's easy to blame all your problems on a stereotype . then you don't have to think - just get straight to the moaning and self-pity . i am a social introvert , so i'm attracted similarly introverted people anyway . social extroverts seem to have a habit of finding the introverts awkward , boring , and stuck-up , mistakenly of course ... if something requires creativity of some sort , or is intellectually stimulating , then yes i can concentrate for a while . but i much prefer multitasking to keep the interest on all the activities up ... i'm interested in how the thought processes of dominant ne or ni would present itself in an individuals visual art . in what ways does ne art differ from that of ni ? if possible , it would be nice to ... probably entp . i do that a lot too , i think it's actually ne . other people can help to type you because they don't see every part of you , like you do . an individual may see all the little details and parts of themselves so that they just don't know which of the ... i related to a lot of this . probably an enfp , yeah . when you think up many brilliant plans and projects that you are going to accomplish in the future , and you get all excited about the idea of them , but when it comes down to actually doing them , you ... definitely isxj's . they are the types most likely to live a stable life without frequent change that could be detrimental to their health . as long as they hadn't picked up any long-term bad habits , ... hmm , i'm still not convinced because i don't think i use ti enough to be the primary function . swordsman of mana - thanks for adding the e-types . : happy : jessie gives more of a te vibe to me . plus she is usually the one who comes up with the plans and without her the other two would ... intx : infp : no-one ? it's okay even if it's just a quick estimate , i just want an idea of what other people think . : happy : as a starting point , i think nt is probably me my temperament . i think entp and intj ... because i want to convey ideas and information in an abstract , subjective way , free from the prison that is my mind . usually it isn't about feelings for me though . 1 . you discover your wonderful one-year-old child is , because of a mix up at the hospital , not yours . would you want to exchange the child to try to correct the mistake ? no , it wouldn't matter ... i started re-watching it just for the sake of it , and because it's awesome . i didn't see a thread and it would be interesting to know their types . here's a few guesses : ash - enfj misty - esfj ... you've just eaten a yogurt or similar food and are about to throw it away , and proceed to do so by chucking your spoon in the bin , and leaving the pot on the side . happened to me just today ! you ... hi everyone ! i thought i ’ d better collect outside opinions on what my type might be , because it has come to the point where i ’ ve analyzed so much that there are too many details for me to recognise ... whichever the most common types are , simply because there are more of them . the mainstream is going to be built around them . if we go by online statistics ( probably quite unreliable , but this isn't ... certainly an ixtp . it's difficult to decide which way it should go , but i'm going to say istp . i think many of the funny little insights that pop up sometimes come from tertiary-ni , because while ... hello and welcome to my thread , you must be new here . : wink : ( see what i did there ... ) hi , i enjoy music , writing fiction and reading various physics-related books . for about a year and a half now ... absolutely none of those are exclusive to introverts . an extrovert could also have all of these traits . i agree that he is in fact an introvert though . also , you can't type people merely on outward ... hi , new intj coming through . ( not another ! ) i came about mbti and jung around a year ago . as someone with an interest in psychology in human behavior in general , it was only natural that i would ... 90s britpop music has always been one of my favourite eras . help me type these 3 musicians , i have provided videos too . noel gallagher ( oasis , high flying birds ) ... '