' i apparently look a bit intimidating and defensive , how the two mix is beyond me ... i do tend to furrow my brow . other than that , just blank stare regardless of what i'm thinking . those are as ... sometimes your team members request you make a design that looks just like the bad logo of the non profit you are working with ... why did i put that looking similar to as to work with bug in their ... ... i love driving through a small town on my way to my ( much smaller ) home town and seeing sonic's drive in slots filled with trucks . ... or seeing trucks , for that matter . it's always odd being in ... ... midol is a beautiful thing . without it i ted to just curl up on the floor in a fetal position , no matter where i am . ... partly for dramatic effect and to make friends laugh , partly because those ... some days i just want to throw this erlkonig lieder in the air and storm out of the music lab , kick over the music stand that holds my ten page french aria , burn my public relations textbook , shred ... i normally just have cereal or oatmeal as it is all i have time for , but breakfast food is one of my favorite things to eat ... ever . when at home i literally eat two fried eggs a day . i crack them ... ... ... bra fittings . i . e , a size a is fitted and finds a c fits her best while a c may be fitted and finds an a fits her best . i don't understand ! i have a very , very expressive face . the sort of expressive face talked about half a year after a musical i was in every scene of yet never said a word / scarcely sang in and used as an example to ... ... ah , well , i did do that once . went to a sherlockian friend's house before they got back form work , got her housemate to let me in , and sat on her couch in a sheet ( with shorts and a tank top , ... daylight savings time : when my watch , the clock on my wall , and my microwave finally displays the correct time . ... it's raining outside . ' nuff said . no , but it's a possibility when i'm wearing basketball shorts . : blushed : sometimes i go through half a day before finally realizing my pockets / team logos are facing the wrong direction . at the risk of seeming like an absurd geek , me after a full day at the wizarding world of harry potter ... 64420 ... mischief managed .  ... and because that's not nerdy enough , hobbit premiere ... english setters : so loyal that even when you take them visiting and are sleeping on the floor of a friend / relative's living room , giving them free range of the entire house at night minus the ... ha , the hail after a hot day can be common , and is generally followed by a tornado thanks to the mixing hot / cool fronts . those are fun days . we never find them unusual , but it must be different ... no , i didn't . found it on the internet , thought it wonderful , and saved it to my computer :) weather here has always been chaotic here . a few weeks ago it was 60 degrees the day before we got a foot of snow . unless you say it will be hot in the summer there are no guarantees .  ... then ... ha ! i'm in the midwest . it was also 70 well into december , it just could be below freezing the days before and after it was 70 degrees . encouraging questions and discovery is not solely a practice found in judaism , my pastor from back home did the very same thing and indeed everyone should question their religion . if it doesn't snake ... ... despite people from grade school through high school telling me to become a scientist because my curiosity and logic would serve me and science well , i didn't have the attention span to even ... no matter how awake one feels throughout the year , spring always causes you to wonder at how you didn't notice how dead you were before it came .  ... great scot , tea by an open window on the first ... 64358 ... as i was viewing the what pisses off intps ? thread an advertisement with gun control in large red text appeared directly beneath it .  ... make of it what you will . i've always found the idea fascinating , yet the idea of remembering a location that thoroughly seems to me a rather daunting task . however i suppose it's just like at home you know exactly where that ... ... i feel for me it would be easier to ask how many times do people understand you ? ... sometimes i use five words at once , sometimes i change what i'm saying midway , too many metaphors even ... yee gads ! the amount of lip-biting / inside of mouth chewing people is absurd ... ... so let me add to it . - chewing the inside of my mouth / cheeks - biting my lip ( though not to a bad extent ) - ... when you think oh , indesign is loading . i'll just check the internet while it's ... and then 45 minutes later you finally remember what you were doing before getting on the internet .  ... just ... so . my homework load at the moment . aaaggghhh ! ! ! * hyperventilates * ... okay , i'm good now . for some reason i tend to be a mentor for friends that are younger than i , people my own age never really ask me for any advice , yet somehow younger friends feel they can come to me with issues . this ... ... no . i can sense attraction within a few moments , but passion ? great scot no . i've never really experienced that at all . ... the only people i've met i would even have the faintest thought of ... better than a non-opaque wall , these are generally known as windows . or extroverts . i did cross country and track for years , my collapsed rib cage made it too difficult to be very impressive in either despite being on varsity in xc , yet i worked through the issues and ran until i ... movies 1 ) the king's speech 2 ) lotr / hobbit 3 ) bbc's pride and prejudice 4 ) inception or the prestige 5 ) ... i'm really quite terrible at naming movies ... i really enjoyed star trek and the dark ... acting skills are nice . treat them civilly and no different than any other , with the exception of not encouraging them in anything ... hopefully they won't know anything is amiss . if they're ... does anyone else find that people consider you a very difficult person to read ? this seems a constant in my life , either they can't make out my thoughts at all or they're dense enough to think they ... ... whenever this happens i just think then what is real intelligence like ? ! ... i dance . theater combined with the sort of groove you get when you're a bassist has ruined me . * hangs head in shame * ... except all of the guys around here are terrible at leading , so ... ...  ... ... yes , however it would depend upon the reasoning behind their views ... ... i'm paying an arm and a leg for school , why skip ? well , i did skip once ... and only because i had to finish a project that was due that day . then again two years later when i completely forgot ... ... language pertaining to a certain field and / or section of interest that one uses when talking about said field and / or section of interest ? or perhaps the definition line between jargon and lingo ... anything that isn't rap . from adele to bluegrass , from classical to ska , from alternative rock to showtunes , and country when it isn't whiny .  ... are not genre titles in of themselves lingo ? ... when i see several lols , multiple exclamation points where they do not belong , and text slang i somewhat judge the person as being an extrovert and a possibly f user ... today i apparently personally slighted someone that i was having an argument with . except i wasn't actually having an argument , i just stated an opinion on something . then someone disagreed and ... 63221 ... pardon me ardent objectivists , but ahahahahahaha ! 63202 63203 while i endured many things that were thrown at me , i was overly sensitive when things i did not do were pinned on me . i couldn't make the people see the plain facts of what happened , and even if i ... ha , no worries . the post honestly could have swung either way and you were simply expanding upon your point . so , any votes for noting what feelings , whether sparse or constant , you have and processing them logically ? no ? none ? ... alrighty then ... ... then again , if i ever do this i often have complete ... i've become so dismissal and nonchalant about my past and ideas that there's not much i have to not tell if someone wants to know or if it fits the situation . if it fits the situation . as opposed to ... '