' ... i believe him to definitely be an ixfx type but i am on the edge of what his exact type is . the argument for isfp is pretty convincing . i think his tradition breaking and liberal attitude may make ... actually matt could be an enfp and steve an enfj . aquaman - entj green lantern ( hal jordan ) - esfp wonderwoman - enfj superman - isfj batman - intj the flash ( barry allen ) - enfp cyborg - estp visored types : shinji hirako : intp love aikawa : enfp rōjūrō ōtoribashi : infp mashiro kuna : esfp hiyori sarugaki : istp lisa yadōmaru : intj hachigen ushōda : infj kensei muguruma : estj brady is probably not an entp . he is really emotional and gives off a strong feeler vibe . niednagel himself has stated brady as an enfp . he is definitely an ne dom and i am pretty sure he is an enfp . yeah ireland might be too si to be enfp but cuba is probably the most enfp place . yeah but the people have such an interesting amount of imagination and they have some sort of si due to their religious views . at least ne-si right ? maybe estj is correct but entp could also be ... joey : infp paola : esfp devin : estp brittany : isfj amber : isfj jocasta : esfj hayden : esfp zach : enfp or entp but definitely an ne dom . he seems like he uses fi though . cody : esfj caleb : estp ? i am going to say you can't get a more enfp country than ireland . i made an argument for uae being enfp based on functions but uae is not a perfect example of an enfp country . uae could easily be ... toad is actually an enfp . he does not use any se . plus he has the ne sense of humor . maybe vietnam is actually infp . why ti over fi for deidara . your argument for an ne dom was impeccable and i couldn't give a better argument myself but i think his obsession of wanting his art to be respected by sasuke and itachi ... i am going back and forth in my head . towards the end he seems esfp again . i am just going to go with esfp . isn't it obvious ? itachi is an infj and sasuke is an intj . people here already argued for it so i don't think i need to elaborate . peter - infp harry osborn - enfp it is so clear that he is an nfp . gwen - enfj electro - infp rhino - esfp lizard - intp che guevara was surely an nf . he risked his life in a cause he believed in his cause . he wanted to help others even though he knew he could die . what is so istp about that ? he was a master ... nobody who has read a lot about che would say he is an istp . he went to congo just to freaking (: laughing :) help people fight of the ruthless evil leader . he killed people because they were working ... after re watching her there is nothing i about her . i just typed her that because she was following orders from fury ( stereotypical istj just follows the rules ) but she is more than that she is ... entp could be possible but in his diaries and biography the fi is just so clear . he is more te as opposed to ti . even the way his friends described him . fi wants to help people as well . just in ... that is the most ridiculous thing i have read . i lived in canada and i can promise you it is not sensory dominate . it is also a joke that people think india in reality is enfp . india is most likely ... seems like an enfp . i would say enfp 3w4 . where is the se in him . in his interviews i see 0 se it is funny how only stps are saying he is an stp . he is a clear entp . he is a clear ne dom and his ti is also obviously there . yeah dubai seems ne to me . i think it is too te to be entp . doha seems very entp though . imo : doha = entp dubai = enfp or entj seems either te or ne dominate . the crazy architecture shows signs ... vietnam = exfj sorry . it has to be fe dom . i have never been but based on more info it doesn't seem as enfp as i thought . edit : uae seems to be ne-te . the way my friend describes dubai ( he lives there ) it sounds very enfp . abu dhabi sounds a bit entj . uae sounds like a place with an enfp ( ne ) persona mixed with an ... l - intp clear as day . light - entj could be an i but he is definitely an ntj . mello - enfp honestly the ne-fi in him is clear . he is the only enfp in the show . near - intj i am pretty positive ... i always though he was an esfp but you could make a good argument for enfp . i'm gonna go with esfp though . lol jordan is not an enfp . enfps would never screw people the way he does . we have to many morals . no real enfp would agree he is an enfp . where is the ne-fi combination in him ? jordan - estp clear ... andrew - infp matt - enfj steve - enfp this movie is awesome . it is one of my favorite movies of all time . all the characters struck me as ns . loki is not an estp . that is one of the most off typings i have seen . since when is se his dominate function ? he uses ni to the max . he is either infj or intj . he way too big picture to be a sensor . edit * sunspot is not an enfp . i was writing very quickly . he is probably an entj . sabertooth is more likely estp . im a enfp competitive soccer player . i play striker or right wing . i think soccer is a very ne like game . i know just as many ns who do competitive athletics as ss . the whole sps are the best at ... t * or f venom is a clear enfp gone bad . :/ im in high school now but when i was a child i was in the gifted program and even now i am . i also play soccer for my highschool and i played soccer as a child . enfp children are the nice ones who ... sadly you are definitely wrong on charlize therons type . she an almost definite entj . michael fassbender seems like an fi user to me . he also exhibits some sort of te to a lesser extent . i also see a ... great post . i am an enfp and i play competitive soccer . i would say the most important thing for success as an n in athletics would be motor skills . i know a lot of people on my soccer team are n . i ... che is my favorite enfp of all time . i have read the motorcycle diaries and che guevara : a revolutionary life . he is so inspirational and everything he says screams enfp . i agree with about ... zoe as an enfp ? ! ? ! are you crazy ? zoe is not an enfp at all . her behavior exhibits pure ti . i agree with some of your other typings but zoe as an enfp is just false . franck : entj claire : intj zoe : istp russo : esfp stamper : istp remy : ixtp ? tusk : estj walker : enfj adam : enfp rachel : estp lol @ the people who think enfp are amity ! we are totally dauntless . i guess only true enfps would understand but no real enfp would be amity . vietnam is very enfp so i guess reactive is xnfp . korea is probably infj . oh ok :) vietnam is very enfp . my vietnamese said i act like your average vietnamese person . he is an entj . i think the revolution in vietnam shows how nfp it is . ho chi minh was probably an infp but he could ... france is sooo not enfp ... i am an enfp who lived in france and i can tell you that france is in no way enfp ! you would only understand if you lived in france but i am telling you if ... star lord - esfp ( obvious ) rocket - entp groot - ixfj gamora - istp drax - isxj ronan - estj thanos - entj nfp for sure . where do people get isfp from ? he is for sure either enfp or infp ... definitely enfp . i dont understand how someone could see him as an estp ... he is surely not an estp . if he isn't enfp he is infp but i am fairly sure he is enfp . '