' the flight of the phoenix meets where the wild things are ? but honestly , the last type id trust as a pilot is an infp - h'ed have his head in the wrong clouds o . o no wonder its a likely scenario x ) sullenstare : im going through a similar situation . even though the girl seems to be understanding , nice , and all-my expectations are a little farfetched , considered ive admitted and poured my heart ... imagine if the stars appeared every one thousand years , how we would wonder and stare - ralph waldo emerson life can only be understood backwards , but it must be lived forwards what is a ... sometimes people will recite my name in a cutesy tone .. what's going on in that little busy mind of yours me : ( knowing it is ) not busy at all * smile * sometimes ( mostly girls ) just run ... this , i can relate to alot ! welcome to the forum , don't be afraid to daydream and let your imagination run :) infp guys , where are you ? i'm always here , yet my mind is often elsewhere .. thinking of an ideal world , connecting dots all over . i seem to attract people with different problems of sorts , ... * yawn * o . o where am i ? * looks around , unicorn crosses path * well , the magic is still here ! heads into infp-ville to explore .. ¡ hola ! , ¿ cómo estás ? to be honest i'd say my spanish is more towards spanglish , i need to perfect it before it fades away um .. hello people ! been away for almost 3 yrs , but feel like a newbie . hope to meet many from this new generation :) stanley kubrik films a clockwork orange full metal jacket 2001 : a space odyssey foreign films blazblue soundtrack...rock/techno/opera...o.o kinda out there , but addicted to it at the moment  all colors side by side , like through a prism individually green , teal , burgundy , even royal complimentary , black / white , blue / sepia i'm not too selective though , as long as it's not neon ... brilliant composition of everyday moments . thnx leiroz 349 on deviantart here's mine . i'm not an artist at heart but i enjoy browsing through the professionals ' galleries yeah , i noticed .. i just think they were an interesting capture . maybe i'm unconciously gravitated to them . : confused :: happy : well , i hav a an associates in liberal arts , which really doesn't land you a job right after college . i'm currently attempting to get my b . f . a in graphic design and plan to work for a charitable ...  ... referring to crazy ideas but not in a creative sense ... i used to work at a movie theatre as a projeccionist . the place was old and one of the projectors had an problem with the coolant inside . we ... i dont know if the energies that infp's emit are mostly sensual . well , from my experience , my ability to connect on a deeper level of understanding can unlock a heart . in all honestly , most women ... finding infps is hard .. because many often mask their true identity . an ex co-worker of mine gave me the suspicion that she was one . generally calm and quiet , she had a disoriented walk , not really ... i've been lately wondering why i can't cry when need be . at one point , i was just afraid that my mind had been numbed to a point of no return . i blamed my sleeping problems and stress and i don't ... i'm currently going through the phase of letting go . ( it's been about a month now ) . trust me , it's extremely difficult for me to withstand impact . it almost drains all of my energy to the point of ... i dont really know what this chart means .. but i think it deals with ease of communication between all 16 types under the mbti . perseus might know more ( ... the admirer is simply knocking on a stranger's door , and waiting for an answer . but we can not always open the door when opportunity knocks . curiosity or innocence alone may lead a charming salesman ... kudos i can't help to sympathize with everyone who finds themselves in the same frequency ( as well as those who don't ) . i know , that being nice and defending the values behind it , is part of who ... a wonderful post beloved , if the forums allowed it , i would've given multiple thanks . nice guys who stick to their ideals do society a favor that's often underrated . yes life's rewards like ... yes i agree . over the years , life has gradually cornered me into recognizing value in anything . well , i enjoy listening to the individual stories people have to share . connecting with others ... welcome :) reading an infp description for the first time was renewing for me as well . i've changed my major about .. 3 times now , hoping to find the best suited career . graphic design major ... to connect with all kinds of people , from different walks of life ; this forum being one of many ways to do so . but honestly i'd rather not have a concrete purpose , the way i overanalyze these things ... nah , but thinking back to a beach trip i made recently i could see how the words correlate . i did snorkel though .. not as daring as scuba .. dive dawn dusk drive a mix between feeling and intuition . darn im so easily manipulated when it comes to love .. dont believe in love @ first sight though , never have same here .. maybe the cute harmless ones.and easily domesticated . who spend more time in their cave ... reflecting on life . they're considered mystical creatures like infps maybe ? an enfp possibly . well , it would probably be like having an identical twin , an odd experience to say the least . i would recognize his faults and blame me for it , but because of the shift of perspective , i might ... nicely put , there must be balance to understand how both modes of mind interact to bring out the best of each . staying too emotional for long is just as wrong as being to practical . but it's more of ... yes , this mainly tends to happen when i'm around people who are getting to know me and to which i have not exposed myself and my my values , enough to . i too , defend my values above anything else , ... yes i've been told come a little closer , i can't hear you or speak up before . pretty often . but if there is no noise in the background i can raise my tone of voice loud enough to get the ... books on topics in theology-religion , a holy bible , side by side with volumes of zen teachings and readings on principles of buddhism coincide with my open approach to spirituality . the frequent ... i naturally have a sense of detachment to the world and even something as simple as starting a conversation becomes a burden and something that must be practice . i find it hard to articulate from the ... im 22 and currently in one . the first true relationship to be honest as i avoided dating up till now , just never fit into my value system and i'm very shy . but she's a friend of a friend , of a close ... yes my interest mainly stems from the curiosity to understand those who have addictions to drugs and alcohol and learn to be indifferent to the vices of the world , as i tend to , for some reason , ... yes , i seem to give ppl an impression of traditional child-like characteristics . i've been called a good-boy , an angel and such labels even before many get to know me . it's curious to notice how ... another infp here , referred from infpglobechatter , my username green 3 . i think this a very well designed forum especially the pets system and all . hmm , i wish there was a cafe like this in my town , ... '