' time , actions , and actually listening to ( and retaining ) stuff they tell me . i'm seeing someone new now , who i really really like a great deal .. and i'm finding myself planning meals , shopping , ... yup . / 10char i always say that i'm about three years behind on everything . i never , ever pay attention to new trends , popular styles , internet fads , none of it ... it isn't that i eschew pop culture , it's that ... i liked the first season or two of the office , but once the running jokes wore out on me , i was pretty much done . now office space .. . that's a hilarious movie :) i adore dexter , got showtime ... liquor , concert tickets , or an album on my restore my old vinyl collection list . those are the only things i can think of that would really make me happy . anything else i either already own , ... i don't like clubs ... they're loud and the pulsing / flashing lights really bother me . i usually end up with my drink , in a corner somewhere , waiting for my friends ... or just leaving without saying ... maybe i'm unusually tolerant ... i don't resort to actually * insulting * people who are , usually innocently , asking me how i'm doing . 1 ) it's something society has taught us to do ... right or wrong , ... maker / survivor . nope . this is pretty much my everyday writing . love going to games in real life . i'll watch games with friends at bars , but meh ... i don't pay attention . i can watch college basketball on tv , that's about the only sport i can sit through a ... i don't care how many groceries i have in the car ; i'll try to get them in the house in one trip . even if i have to injure myself to do it . i hate making multiple trips to the car . that's probably ... hahaha ... it's the worst when you realize the pause in the conversation is because they're looking at you expectantly , waiting for a response . oh ... right , because the ... okay , don't hate me , but ... natural birth , breast fed for only two weeks because i was intolerant and had to be put on some special formula . i am not close to my family at all , but there are extenuating circumstances that ... hahaha - i have always noticed handedness before almost any other feature , and that fact will get filed away along with hair color , ( sometimes ) eye color , rough height ( i'm always off by at least 3 ... i just had to quote this , because it sorta got lost up there , and it's awesome . i am exactly the same way . it takes me several meetings to be able to commit a face to memory , even though i'm keenly aware of their face while i'm with them ... as soon as i walk away , it's gone . i ... ^ hahaha , darner , that's the kind of project i'd take on : laughing : most of my ' ingenuity ' comes on the fly , when i'm shooting a gig . i've rigged up some pretty fantastic lighting fixes using ... i'm not sure if i'm in the right thread to tell about this , but fuck it , i like this thread . so last night i went out with my platonic guy friend , we got dinner and drinks . about two hours into ... ohhh , sorry , i was stuck in romantic things land . from others ? shit . i want to hear that i've done a stellar job ; that my methods are innovative , that i'm quick and precise . i like hearing ... i don't mind compliments given by the right person at the right moment , and not all focused on how hot or sexy i am , please , because ... please . i * do * have a slight surface weakness for hearing ... hahaha ... oh functi ... : blushed : i saw the hit me over the head ( or however you phrased it ) in the email notification early this morning and i was like shut up , she did not just say that ! ! ! we are simpatico . it gives me ... i concur . if i'm interested in someone , i'm focused on them . very few things would interrupt plans with that person ; and in fact , even if some emergency came up , i'd ask the person if they want to ... ^ erbse , you're adorable . i often feel like i'm lacking the ability to fill in the blanks ... i'm not terribly imaginative , and i can't necessarily leap to conclusions before i have all the facts ... ha ! so true ... i am downright oblivious . last friday night i met a really great guy , we had a fantastic conversation , during which he ( a ) gave me his business card ; ( b ) asked me to come visit him ... i missed this earlier ! : happy : you're much higher than me in empathy , what say you stand in for me when my friends need a shoulder to cry on , and i'll take care of the paperwork : cool : ^ i don't think hobbies and interests are the best way to determine type anyway . if you think about why a lot of istps are into the things they like , it makes more sense ... ti-se , right ? mechanical ... lol ! yeah , if she lived less than 1,000 miles from me i'd totally be wondering why she was so adamant about him being an evil , evil man . i think she's just a man-hater , really . peh . * extremely * sensitive . it's my strongest sense , and it can be pretty annoying . especially at weddings ( you can imagine all the different colognes , perfumes , foods , drinks , etc ) . it takes me a while to appreciate a song . nothing ever grabs me at first listen , not even new stuff from bands i love . i have to warm up . for me , and it's been said by others , it's a combination ... jesus ! / 10char i'm just like you , clarified . in fact , when i volunteered to scrape linoleum at a friend's house , her fiance started pitching in and it really irritated me . a ) he wasn't doing it right ; b ) he was ... like madhatter , i have a basic daily schedule . ish . i'm not really all that good at keeping up with that , either , but it's a helluvalot easier than managing things in the distance . the only things ... when i got married , in 1998 , it was the first live broadcast internet wedding . i didn't plan it that way ; we got married in the line of sight of a webcam , and a co-worker of mine knew the people ... hahaha , that's hysterical . i guess we'll always be the ones suspected of being stoned . i've been told many times that my voice and manner of speaking is trippy and calming . okey doke . wtf with the slow-motion lane changes ? ! ? ! ? ! drives me out of my freaking mind . of course , people who have ridden in my car say that i change lines like nascar , so ... whatever . something between ... no boos from me : happy : . i agree with this statement . it's a lot of the reason i ended up here in the first place ... i like kids one-on-one . groups of kids make me nervous ; too much noise and chaos . kids seem to be drawn to me ; if i'm in the right mood i enjoy their company , but i'm not really a kid person . i do ... i can't stand going to the gym . i love lifting , but i hate cardio without a purpose ( treadmill , stationary bike , etc ) - it's just boring and pointless . i lift at home , and now that the weather has ... what just happened here ? : happy : did i submit to a psych eval without knowing it ? eeeep ! ^ maybe , dj , but seeing and knowing are two different things . i know a lot of people . i don't know a lot of istps . and i live in a surfing town with a big university with a nice engineering ... ^ interesting . i * am * an istp , and i have only known maybe two others in my adult life . you must live in istpland , where we all come out to play and cheat on our partners . i wanna find this place ... it sure does feel that way , hey ? ? ? ? if infidelity was part of my divorce , i probably wouldn't be so steadfast in my assertions that your generalizations are unfair and biased . and your giant generalization is based on ... ? i was married to an istp for 7 years , with him for ten , and i am an istp . i'm curious where you're getting your information . everyone looks when ... ^ ^ i kind of completely love your plan . meh . girls are prettier than guys ; i can't help but look at a beautiful girl now and then . it's human nature ; you can't turn that off . i don't understand why , when in a relationship , men are ... once in my entire life did i maintain a flirtation outside of my primary relationship , and i won't go into details , but it was almost a survival mechanism more than it was anything else . i'm ... ^ i wonder if you took a cross section of ( confirmed ) istps and had a really well defined questionnaire prepared , if you would find that the majority of them find their spirituality in nature and the ... ^ hahaha , i love your description :) i took my daughter to the county fair yesterday . it was almost impossible for me to pay attention to her expressions while we were on the ferris wheel and the ... '