' get busy living or get busy dying . - andy dufresne shawshank redemption shouldn't u be happy ? ur consistent results mean ur a bona fide isfj :p roud : you should've replied : floors aren't for sleeping on either ... hehe also , why didnt you sleep w / your brother ? you are both males so .. no malice .. well , his job won't be so slow-paced when an actual abnormality shows up ... ... which reminds me ... sir , tripwire_desire what do you do if something happens out of the ordinary ? do you beat ' em up ... that looks nifty . what are those ? springs ? hmm ... idk but the description - - - it seemed more istp to me ... could this be considered as enfj ? [ / quote ] not sure . basing from the description , it seems the patron acts more sj-ish than nf , since they tend to be conservative and stick to the tried and true ... i do many things alone . unless it's a school activity , most of my endeavors and trips involve only myself as company . i find it lonesome though ... i got rcoan with primary type : reserved description ( s ): not spontaneous , unadventurous , uncompetitive , not relationship obsessed , toned down , not physically affectionate with most people , not ... yep , it sure quite is .. if you'd ask me , it's either commit or well , forget it ... man , i'm quite guilty of that . seeing things in extremes . fortunately , i've learned to be a bit more balanced . - - - - regarding silent treatments , i use to do that when i was younger . now , i ... this thread is probably like a half decade old ... but i'd wanna ressurect it since this is quite an interesting topic ( well at least for me ) i did get into some situations that would have led to ... hey there ... - - - i'm not sure if this is much of a success story , but what i'm sure of is that i was able to become more assertive . i did that by developing my character , ... shea i checked the link you posted ... seems the petition's closed somehow ... - - - double post - - - / / / sorry slow net - - - glad you liked it : happy : well , by definition , a type 6 is supposed to act like that . you can't blame them . : idunno : well , i believe that no person is absolutely one type . it's usually a mix of different types , with some mixes more common than others . and it seems your mix is one of the more unique ones . these are my results btw ... - - - keeper ( rdi-s ) nature : 64 % realistic tactics : 72 % diligent energy : 60 % introverted identity : ... yo everyone : happy : found an interesting personality test while exploring the deep lands of the infp forums ( hehe ) i also discovered that the intjs , entjs , and recently the infjs are trying ... er ... not that it's bad .. but isn't it quite unusual to post in a thread which was started like 3 yrs ago ? ? dude , i cant believe it took you almost a year to actually realize that ... hehehe .. peace man : crazy : - - - but , actually , seems like a good discussion ... what i'm i listening to ? .. .. .. .. .. i'm listening to musik ... - - - haha .. okay , ... i'm not infp , but i'll share my results ... - - - keeper ( rdi-s ) nature : ... i can relate . oftentimes , when i hear a story , narrative etc . , i just wanna hear the bottom-line and really like it if it's brief yet complete in thought . but like what some people here said , it ... i like math . . . . . if it's arithmetic ... hmm .. good for you . you seemed to have achieved most of the things i wanna achieve . ( except for the extremely active sex life hehe , i dont wanna explicitly say that i wanna achieve that ... okay w8 , ... i think those isfjs got low self-esteem . if not checked , this could make an isfj envious of others thus may want to do things to make them feel better about themselves , like gossiping or being ... yeah . i agree with you . i have been known to be passive when i was in high school , in fact a classmate of mine told me that ( though indirectly like via a written assessment report ) . i also think ... i'm not gonna post a stereotype ... . . . . but rather a list of them . but it seems someone already attacked these stereotypes for us .. - if you're an intj ... hehe ... kidding 2x here are my real answers ... : - if you hurt someone without remorse or regret . - if you feel unmoved knowing that you're the cause of some particular ... yeah . this is what i've been learning to adapt to . i used to be overly trusting and naive but now , because of some experiences , i've decided to be less feeling and decided to become more ... nostalgic person ? so you mean , you like to reminisce often ? hehe , i kinda like doing that too :) . i'm no mbti expert but i'm very sure thats a common infx trait hehe ... oh , then you should relate them more . with your closest people . by the way , what do you talk about often ? philosophy , politics ? sports ? video games ? science ? i knew it you were asian . i always had that feeling . : tongue : i feel you bruh . this kind of situation happens to me very often . i often have to assert myself to get some respect . most men i know love competition and being edgy . well , i like competition too ... man , this thread's got a lot of commotion . ... honestly , i'm quite ignorant of isfjs being bashed and actually hated by other types . guess i need to be more observant ... i however , do observe ... yo ! welcome to the forum ... :) i am wondering though ... why you're having struggles finding meaningful and long-lasting connections since from what you said that some of your close friends have ... hmmm ... this is what i did when faced with multiple options . it worked for me somehow . i like roleplaying ... but i can only act based on my character , hehe . eh , i tend to focus my energies in developing my actual irl character . though i like playing some rpg games , i somehow refuse ... haha . never thought someone would actually answer , that ... black bear pwowq thanks for your inputs . i learned some pieces of your type . :) hey , a random isfj here . i just recently saw a video on youtube [ link : ] which talks about you guys and guyettes ( whats a female version of guy ? ) , that in ... lol , i just noticed that this thread is old .. too bad , i thought this would be a good topic ... about isfjs opinions about other fellow isfjs ... never was able to identify an isfj irl , unfortunately . i can imagine potential isfj females irl , but couldn't relate to them , though they have pleasant attitudes towards me . i was hoping though to ... strange , i am more assertive and outspoken towards people i'm familiar with . towards strangers , i may be assertive but in a very cautious way as i fear to make mistakes or appear awkward . hmmm , so you're saying that entp men are more playful ? i am not good at identifying types though so i cant say whether if i met an entp irl . but just assuming from what you said , i'll say that most ... yep , nice good for you . now go out there and say your jokes with no mercy . bwahaha btw , dora ... nice avatar ... : cool : yo man , i've noticed that it's the other types that responded to you , though it is very logical to get advice from other n-types obviously ... especially from other intjs . but i wanted to share to ... '