' you have the sexiest morton's toe i've ever seen said the woman in my dreams . when my penis enters a vagina , it feels good . is this inferior se or is it possible i'm not an intj ? bug . 4/5 vancome lady , antonia and lorraine . also anytime sasso played randy newman . when i have a crush i accuse her mother of being a hamster and then fart in her general direction . thank you notes and handshakes . dr . arden from american horror story . 52907 : wink : i breathe through my urethra , which is why i don't wear underwear . as long as you're not wearing skinny jeans and ironic t-shirts , you're not a hipster . well , at least not of the douchebag sort anyway . i'm very right-schwing 51172 i scoop them ( memories ) out with a spoon and feed them to my dogs if i could . my epic list of director types : kubrick - intj 5w4 woody allen - intp 6w7 tarantino - entp 7w8 ken russell - enfp 7w6 tarkovsky - infj 5w4 scorsese - enfj 6w5 brian de palma - istp 7w8 there's no need to tell if you always wear this shirt : ruth leavitt from the andromenda strain . one of the most robotic , unfunny and uber-serious people i've ever known was an ( admittedly depressed ) enfp . just thought i'd throw that out there ... underground bunker ... lol ... misogyny . sorry , intjs would never cry over pitiful emotional pablum such as ' love ' . which means your friend is most likely an isfj . sometimes , i * read * the book while * listening * to it's audiobook . tends to keep me more focused while drowning out unwanted noise . your score : 24 i honestly thought my score would be higher . i've always thought of myself as a fairly ' emotionally intelligent ' intj . guess i've just been deluding myself . oh , well ... wouldn't ... enfp - cuz they fun and sexy infp - cuz they quiet and sexy entp - cuz they mean and sexy bonus : infj - cuz they creepy ... and sexy i thought intjs were supposed to be freaks in the sack ? real demented sickos . i'm getting a vision of intj foreplay ... zerkalo days of heaven 2001 : aso stroszek stalker samuel beckett - the entire story is a rambling monologue given by bella as she covers topics ranging from her chaotic consciousness and unconscious impulses to her constipation and immobility . she ... i'm surprised you get along with intjs . whenever i attempt to converse with istjs , it usually goes something like this : someone in distress : me : ... there's probably a reason why this show was forgotten ... i walk out the door and i'm immediately depressed . something about seeing people in sunlight ... disturbs me . all i heard while reading this : i so totally love your username . wanna spoon ? box here : box now gone : hunter s . thompson there's an enfp out there and i have a toe tag with her name on it . as a child , when people would say oh , he's so cute ! , i would typically respond with don't look at me ! or i would simply wave my index finger in front of their face and say no is this about thinking out loud to yourself ( alone ) or just thinking out loud to anyone who will listen ? obviously an extravert would do the latter , but i wouldn't think it unnatural for an ... i got myself a custom made fleshlight - it looks like one of the sandworms from dune . i had a tumblr for awhile , mainly to keep tabs on an old special ladyfriend , disturbed maladjusted guy that i am . it all sort of fell apart when i mocked her accusations of 9/11 being a vast ...  if you go into a tarkovsky film looking for ' plot ' , that's your fault . i guess there's ... jess : enfx nick : istp schmidt : esfj winston : isfp cece : estp in elton john's crocodile rock , i always thought he sang i had an oblong chevy and a dress of my own the actual lyrics : had an old gold chevy and a place of my own . intj i find nancy grace hilarious .  diary of a country priest , last year at marienbad and pretty much anything by jean pierre melville . '