' entj women are lies . noting makes me feel anymore . how about you and i stand back to back and kick the shit out of the rest ? functions of an isfp , the behavior of an infp - so like your handsome got jacked infp crack . stoicism , learn it live by it . i fail to see how you contribute to our bottom line . not at all . roundhouse to the face . none . your dating life is supply and demand , figure it out . less of a dick , more of a machiavellian . carry books . google prelude character analysis . i'd advise him to move the fuck on . not giving you free info . what you want . hot hot or cold cold , case closed . appreciative though ? lowest common denominator . grovel more please . ever considered enfj or ejnp for her ? you forgot : this is a demanding client - please bend over this barrel . your area of expert competence is required - we have no fucking idea what is going on . this is going to be a ... wow , this post has gone down hill from the alcohol only days . yeah , it kind of means you do . marketers will always suffer from the fact that marketing is business education for those who hate logic and mathematics . factory workers will always suffer from the risk of being traded for robots . soft skills are temporary , once they realize that logical programmers make more sense once physical workers are replaced . there is a reason why the soft skills of hr have been outsourced for a ... no it won't , as always it will replace the non thinking jobs , but not the thinking jobs . until we have ai jobs that require thinking and problem-solving will be hard to replace . i feel like i'm repeating myself , but feelings are emotional instincts leftover from the time where we did not have reason in fear of repeating myself , feelings are animal instincts . personal feelings is an animal instinct . fuck culture and fuck subjectivity . feeling is an animal instinct , animals feel love , they feel hate and they feel anger , homo sapiens sapiens have intellect , well some of us do . most of homo sapiens ... no , feeling is central to starting a crusade . the more we evolve feeling out of it the better . i see 3 threads that could be combined to one now . debate only exists when facts do not leave one part crying in the shower . awww so , basically , you skip the work aspect of actually being informed of the shit you spout . good to know . not if you actually read the fucking studies . or at least take 10 minutes out of your day to read the god damn abstracts . does not mean we are less probable or more probably to call people on logical errors . standing at between 6.3 and 6.4 and 220 lbs , i'd go with brute force close range and sniper long range . i just quoted you on the basis that the next person who calls me a cisgender white male , who needs to check my privilege is getting socked in the fucking face . every moment of life is that inevitable balance beam of more information vs make a decision yes go ahead , facts and logic are apparently ranked under feelings ... , by the way here is the rope you will end up hanging yourself with ... when you realize that you just need party a and b to enter into a joint venture agreement , then party c has to enter into a contractual agreement with person a after person a incorporates , then ... no i'm not . i'm stating outright , that in a conflict situation , empathy is a weakness and morality is a weakness . now , you can argue that i confuse the feeling functions with empathy , however , there ... cheap shot . im more of a bernid sanders guy . trump is amerkca personified though '