' blowing up in your face seems like a bit of an overreaction , but i can definitely see where he is coming from . i'm more introverted than most introverts i know , and it gets very irritating when ... it took me a while to figure out how to word it myself . mostly , he was mad at me for whining at him incessantly . i was anxious , though , i could hardly control what was happening to me , and all i ... i mostly said i'll see how he reacts , because when i promised him i would step it up and do better in school , he didn't believe me , and the only way he will is if i actually do it . but doing well ... i was being extremely whiny . that's why i understand him getting upset at me . it's just that another time we got in an argument and stopped talking ( about a year ago ? ) he told me that his life was ... at first i felt this way , but then i made a mistake and stopped thinking rationally and could not get over how mean he was being . i think the thing that hit me the hardest was when he said he doesn't ... spot on . he tried to tell me to get over it and step it up in school , but he was so disappointed in me which made it hard for me to feel better . so i kept being needy , and begging him to not be mad ... wow ... i didn't know this was a common thing for intjs to do , but it makes perfect sense when i think about it . i actually started a thread about it a couple hours ago , and was too dumb to notice this ... he knows about them , its just that today it went too far - i got very emotional . sobbing and all . and he can't deal with me when i'm like that , which i understand . my problem was how mean he was being ... so this was interesting . i'm an intp with a history and depression and high anxiety , and also likely some form of adhd . i got treatment for the depression , which worked for a while , but with school ... intp here , but nope nope nope nope nope nope . irrationality , stupidity . whether it's myself or someone else . whenever i do make a stupid mistake , or become very emotional for some reason , or make myself look bad in front of somebody who i have ... i don't think it has to do with how emotional you are . there are thinkers who have a lot of emotions , and there are probably feelers who are not very emotional . i always thought it just referred to ... oh , also any sort of pseudo-activism . it started with the facebook and the if 1000 people click like , we'll cure this little girl's cancer ! pages . then there was the kony thing . and now ... god , this . this this this . know where you are walking . set a path and move on with it . - people who can't have a conversation that doesn't involve their love life . as if all you have to offer about ... honestly , i still don't know if i am an intp or not . i am interested in philosophy and theories , i'm extremely lazy , i hate nature , and i always tended to relate more to the intp threads . and every ... you know you're an introvert when you're hanging out with friends one night and they're all having fun and all you can think about is leaving to go to the gas station before it closes and getting a ... i thought that too ... brittany matthews - entj mackenzie zales - esfj shay van buren - istp saison marguerite - infp ... ? i tend to be a very stressed out person , and usually i have to eventually vent . first i'll list and try all the options i can to solve the problem in the most simple and preferable way possible ... i'm curious as to why some of you think naota is an infp ? he seems to just be a very depressed intp ... i would say haruko - entp mamimi - ixfp ninamori - intj kamon - esfp people who can't have a conversation that doesn't involve their social / love life . no1curr , yo . enfj friend who will not stop talking to me about his new girlfriend . whoopdee-damn-doo , yes it's nice ... this . i wouldn't necessarily think that the gender difference between the t / f is really that significant . maybe a bit of it is innate , but i think it is mostly because of social constructs - most ... okay so ive seen an invader zim thread around before , but i've never actually seen somebody type jhonen himself , and very rarely have i seen typings of his other characters . so personally , i think ... aside from bridesmaids , mean girls , and easy a , i don't care for them . at all . especially romantic comedies - ick . intp , atheist . just because i see no real evidence of a god , and therefore , i don't want to spend the one life i have being afraid of a powerful divine being that probably doesn't exist anyway . some ... do you think you're super underground and alternative because you don't label yourself with a type ? huh ? ! haha no , but really , how come you unknowns are unknown ? do you know your type , but just ... not sure if that's an infp thing really , i'm an intp and i felt like that back when i was depressed ( although i guess i wasn't an intp then , since you can't type somebody while they have a mental ... lol . these are so conniving and brilliant . i like it . that said , i can maybe understand the infp's motives too . i mean , it depends . if you guys aren't that close , and he's / she's just an attention ... i guess i'm kind of a people-pleaser . but only because i hate interacting with people , and i don't want to create any conflict , because then there's a chance i'd have to deal with them bitching , ... what do you guys do in a situation where you have any sort of emotional energy that needs to be released ? does that even happen to other intps ? or do most of you just brush it off ? curious because i ... i thought it seemed like the girl is running away from something , towards something else . the storm doesn't necessarily have to be a bad thing . maybe like somebody leaving a tedious life , for greater ... yeah , i'm usually almost undoubtedly an intp , but i became more like an extremely unstable infp back when i had depression . ive just concluded that you can't really type a person accurately when they ... hahaha . my mom is an istj , and she freaks if i'm ever absent from school , even if im sick . i always tell her that seniors skip all the time , and i've really only missed a few days of the year , and i ... i feel like these are the photos that best portray me . the second is super recent . 7227072271 does anybody else refuse to wear dresses or skirts because what if something weird happens such as a freakish animal attack like in the birds or something , or zombies on bath salts , aliens , whatever , ... edit : huehuehue my drone-y post last night was filled with grammatical errors and a couple parts where the logic just goes around in a circle , etc . , and i assume it's because i was falling asleep at ... i would agree with the people saying infps . not saying that all of them are , but i just think they're the most likely to be ! i was talking to my infp friend and she was saying how she could never ... yep , mine's thursday . happy birthday though ! :D go celebrate by reading a book and raising two middle fingers to everyone who asks why you're not throwing a huge , awesome party . you know you're an introvert when your birthday is coming up and people keep asking you what you're doing because eighteen is a biiig birthday ! ! ! and you respond with uh .. nothing , actually ... i don't quite understand , and it could be that i'm new here , and to mbti and behavioral psychology in general , but is that to say that this is a way of somewhat determining somebody's type ? according ... the intp / js aren't unfeeling , per se . we have emotions , some of us are even very passionate , but we just don't like to express emotions to anyone except maybe those really close . the only people who ... i agree with everyone saying that it has to do with society deeming it okay for women to show emotion , but not men . i have my emotional moments , and they can be intense , but it's very occasional , ... i usually wear black shorts or high-waisted skinny jeans and soft blouses - and i pretty much only wear neutral colors like black , grey , white , tan - and i never wear dresses . i like wearing sheer ... l is an intp ! and others from dn are light-intj , ryuk-entp , misa-enfp ? , near-intj , and mello-enfx ? . also , i think haruko haruhara from flcl is maybe entp ? edit : actually maybe light could be a ... i'm a pescetarian and i used to be vegetarian for like a year ( then i decided i really missed sushi ) . i didn't necessarily become one out of compassion for animals , to be honest . i just don't care ... really ? to me he comes off as entj ... especially because ( well , from what i've seen of his vids ) he seems to voice his arguments with absolute certainty , which apparently is a j quality ? but eh , i'm ... this is the reason why i suck at studying fffu i'm a perceiver and i do this all the time . other perceivers always bug me about it , but i only do it so i don't have to possibly deal with some sassy driver who won't let me into their lane at the ... oh , ha , i just meant more the fact that i was purposefully trying to make my feelings seem more intense because i felt like that would be normal , which i've heard is a kind of intp thing to do ... you would be correct with that assumption . i'm pretty new to learning about mbti , and while i've read some into these , i'm still trying to fully understand them , which i guess just comes in time ... '