' i can't tell if you're the most clever person ever or if that was just a very convenient typo . either way . props . myself , i definitely have perfectionist tendencies but only when it's ... i question my extroversion frequently . when i'm with good friends , sure , i'm a pretty clear extrovert . but a lot of the time when people i'm not really good friends with try to talk to me i just sort ... sounds to me like you need to move out . i had a lot of family problems last year which climaxed in my dad declaring that he never wanted to see me and kicking me out . it sucked at first , sure . but ... i set very loud , varied alarms all over the fucking place i can only turn them off once i finish whatever i need to do ( or if i haven't finished and they go off i set them to go off again in 20mn or ... tim minchin . always tim minchin . for a very long time , it was violin . and then i went out into the real world . so mostly now i draw , i occasionally write stories , and i'm pretty damn good at tetris . you sound bitter . i've been at the point where i just give up on a person . and while that means i stop wanting to be around the person , that doesn't mean that i forget them all together . i don't ... i can't hold grudges . and it really ticks me off sometimes . but i just can't do it . and i suppose that's ultimately for the better . though , when i do get really angry , i tend to let it all out in a ... i dunno . i just had this giant wtf moment . i was telling my boyfriend about how i was super excited about this new violin piece i finally got today . and he told me that my interest binging ... i think that people should always strive to learn more . that does not necessarily mean that intps should become more extroverted . just that they ought to seek an understanding of how the extroverted ... well i can understand why you think that everything to be invented has been invented , as the sheer number of inventions out there is overwhelming , but that's simply not true . there is always a way ... b ten char . well i know you said not to get into this but i do harm people just for kicks sometimes . but in that sense harm just means i make their lives a little bit more difficult--hiding their homework ... family is just a random group of people that you are forced to put up with . you sound like an entp to me . we're often classified as the most introverted of the extroverts if that makes you feel a little bit more sure . y'know , i hate to say it , and maybe ( hopefully ) i'm alone in this , but over the years i've developed a huge distaste of people . i get sick of their lies , false pretenses , and generally selfish ... let's just say that i keep a fairly organized version of my bucket list on ms word . it's 4 pages long :) my parents are moving from the us to canada in the middle of my senior year . they're letting me pick whether or not i go . but they keep giving me shit about how i'm irresponsible and unfit to live ... great post ! i've also learned that one of the best ways to do well in a class is to stop stressing about what grade you get and simply learn because you want to . not only do i know more now , i ... i took an emotional iq test or something like that once . it called me a neanderthal . i got an 18 . not too bad i guess . i definitely get an enfp vibe from obama maybe enfj . not so much entp . he wants to help people feel better about things way too much to be a t . the title of this thread makes me grimace every time . plus i figure that in the last 8 months this guy has probably worked something out . can we please stop bumping it ? do you consider yourself a masochist or are you just lying about being an entp ? i come up with stuff . finishing that stuff is where the intjs come in . there are quite a few on netflix iirc . ... yes . interesting plot so far--it's quite interesting . definitely a bit confusing at times , but interesting . but your phrasing and sentence structure is a little bit awkward at times . not improper , mind ... i watch physics lectures on youtube . it might be nerdy but walking in to class knowing random tidbits that my prof . doesn't even know makes me feel fantastic . that and it's pretty interesting . so much awesome jammed in one piece of furniture . am i finally in heaven ? i'm too hipster for facebook statuses . two reasons : 1 . i don't like being controlled by anything that isn't me . that means addictions don't sit too well with me . 2 . there are so many drugs that are so much more fun . i'm not a hypochondriac i just think i have 10 very serious illnesses at any given time . seriously . but to the point , i agree with businessman . it's a very n condition . lol is a moba (: not mmo . nice try , though . drop the lame mmos . it's all about starcraft and lol . i watch a lot of doctor who , ncis , bones , leverage , suits , and the first few seasons of house . i also agree with sheppard on black adder . and a lot of people tell me big bang theory is fantastic ... i don't like folding enough to be good at poker . what , like , running your legs through a taffy puller or something ? i just can't see any entps springing for height enhancement surgery .. to answer your question : 5 ' 8 and height is generally ... i've noticed that the smartest kids in all of my ap classes tend to be nts specifically , the kids who really don't care enough to study but still manage to slaughter every curve . it led me to ... i like looking at clothes and i like having new things what i do not like is giving other people money make sense ? i have no idea how i come off to people simply because i honestly do not give a flying rat's ass what they think . they either like me for me or they don't . tplume my dad's actually a chemist (: but a good friend of his was a recruiter who dabbled in mbti & weaknesses for me were controlling my ego ( which never really existed , but i put on the act ) , ... i , myself , kind of bridge the two which kind of makes me think it might be ennegram related as , depending on my mood , i either test as a 3w2 or a 7w8 ( when i'm feeling either studious or just want to ... well when i was young ( about 8 or so ) my dad introduced it to me . he pegged me as a pretty solid entp even before i took the test . i forgot about it for a few years , and then thought of it again ... ' sup 3w2 as well . i think we like romance , we just prefer it in our heads rather than our hearts . maybe i'm wrong . long , philosophical discussions is more my kind of thing than expensive dinner dates and flowers . i always thought entps like the grey area . this seems kind of ... binary ? wait ... you wont let him hold your hand after a couple of dates ? he probably thinks he's getting friendzoned so hard . just explain it to him . but seriously ... not letting him hold your hand ? ? ? for guys , infj women seem to be pretty commonly accepted as the natural partner but i've heard of many entp women preferring intjs . it's all about preference . generally infjs will be found in ... google sounds good . it's about 1.5 more libertarian than the last time i took it a few years ago . perhaps i have become more cynical about ... '