' yes yoda , it took a while to understand but think i do . i tell myself i'm waiting for the right moment , for the right information to surface , for the right motivational boost .. maybe it must come ... i don't know what to do with myself . years have gone by , so many thoughts so little done about them .. is daily cannabis smoking to blame ? perhaps . i think that's shirking the blame a bit though .. for i ... i hate when there's a little bit of smoke left in my lungs after taking a toke ... i end up breathing out as much as i can which just looks and sounds strange but i can't help but do it . :( like i said , you're acquainted with cretins . mdma is a stimulant . mdma is then , by defintion of a stimulant , a drug . how can they be apples and oranges when by definition the apple is a type of ... prom you forgot to post the article about thc's effect on lung cancer in mice , that's always a good one for the anti's . ... they're beyond mine too if i'm honest , i only know bits and bobs - never been too concerned with the stuff . not sure why those articles were directed at me lol but yeah it has certainly taken ... this sounds pretty true , but not so much i don't think for the u . k . i think the fuel for drug prohibtion here is basically a combination of the remnants of anti-drug propaganda from the 70 ' s and ... i'm not quite sure i know what you mean : s i think i'm saying if you realise that objectively , there's a clear greater good to lifting prohibtion , then what's considered morally right or wrong for ... yeah this is the core problem and it's difficult to answer objectively without a shit load of stats . this might be an overly simplistic way of looking at it but i like to think of it as walking ... you mean , should it be legal for people to choose for themselves ? ;) yes , no organisation can / should dictate what we can and can't do to our own minds and bodies . to try and do so is a waste of ... this is fairly common , i know i daydream like you're describing - hypothetical conversations and situations . it's an inxx thing i think . so no advice , it's just part of you ;) i've been in a similar situation ... it's tricky , some people seem to think that if they're your mate , you owe them the time to have a conversation . tell her this isn't the case , that you like talking ... i've found distraction to be most effective . do things that feel important to you and eventually you'll forget why you were even depressed in the first place . i think you'll find many people who've taken ayahuasca will disagree with you there . you know psilocybin , ( active ingredient in magic mushrooms ) mdma and lsd were being tested as treatments for ... my sleep pattern is pretty fucked at the moment . i like to stay up until early hours of the morning like 5-6 am but i need to get up at 8-9 am on more than one day a week . the end result is me sleeping ... shame is subjective and thusly a weak , ineffective form of criticism . migraines are for the weak . yeah but there's no need to be a dick about it . lol . i honestly have no clue but googled and this might help : beverage sales and distribution : how to sell your new beverage to retailers . maybe try using the contact seciton and explaining your ... you should have responded quicker . :D it is their decision to conform to the requirements stated in the op . yeah you were right lol pity i turned off my pc before reading your reply else i could have saved myself an hour laying in bed . aw well cheers anyway . yeah the thing is i was a fair amount more awake the last time ... after googling there seems to be a lot of mixed opinions on the matter . what if 1.5 hours sleep would do me better than none ? i just ... i have to be up at 8am , i could probably sleep now ( 2 and a half hours sleep ) but i have a feeling i'll be very groggy after that and may end up just turning my alarm off and going back to sleep . i ... because being close to the truth is better than nothing . i'd rather have a vauge idea of what's going on than to turn a blind eye due to fear of doubt . you need to come out of your shell dancing .. more specifically clubbing . i see the philosophical implications but at the same time it seems so fucking absurd . it's horrible because i end up forcing myself to go out with people clubbing ... i'm not completely sure about it either . i think it's something along the lines of if you don't , you're not likely to meet nearly as many like minded as people as you could have simply given the ... awesome post , cheers . unfortunately i don't have an mp3 player lol and yeah i know the one , was the last good album they released before they turned to shit . ( imo ) very useful posts thanks a lot . would be good to hear how you guys dealt with this . i find the idea of becoming more social and putting myself out there more quite a refreshing one but at the same time i wonder if i'll be too ... exactly how i'd feel . 1 ) to be honest i can go a long time without real social contact without becoming depressed or agitated in any way , but i'd say i need a minimum of 2 or 3 days alone time if i've been out with mates ...  i was about to try and describe it to you ( something that's pretty hard to do well ) but this will be much simpler : erowid mdma vault : effects if there's one piece of advice i can give you , it's ... such a hard decision .. cannabis aside i'd go with shrooms , though when i get a hold of some mescaline that may change . i definitely prefer psychedelic trips and visuals to the physical effects of ... the brown / yellow bits are the bane of my life . smoke a bit of bud ( or hash ) and see how you react . smoke more until you've reached a comfortable high . if you can go the night without anxiety attacks , paranoia or any other mental health problem ... how can thy derail that which is underailable . someone must know the reference .. toasted , or not toasted : that is the question . super chilled . physics all the way . don't have much care to be teaching though , i'd like to get myself into research asap . games / series i've loved over the years : - battlefield ftw - warhammer 40k : dawn of war - dead space - mass effect - fallout - eve online - gta - halo this is so true ... take on a career in what you want , not what your mother wants . that seems like a rash decision . the only reason i made this thread was purely because i was curious about the statistics , if people are going to misinterpret that as spam then fine . but leaving over ... yeah i thought it was pretty cool ... a bit predictable , plot structure is a bit standard but i'd say it's definitely worth the watch . you stand up , put your arm behind you and wipe . my perceiving and intuitive have been very close to the borderline on other tests , the most recent as shown below still has a pretty low p . '