' so i am in college and i am just surrounded by these xntjs . dont get me wrong they are okay people , they are not the devil or anything ; i mean they are not esfjs at least . ( okay i am done covering my ... yeah science allows for some pretty cool stuff ... until matter comes in the equation and screw it all up . note zero kelvin . from a chemistry angle , that is really bizarre . from a physics angle , that is simple as f atom exposed to ionization energy and a electron is jettisoned from the atom . however the f + atom would ... whys the death got to be horrible . she could have had an aneurysm in her sleep . my money is on that it's a dude i feel so ... violated man they never should have made a new show . i think this thread title need spoilers when i talk to people i am a realist . theres no point in overreacting or underreacting . just accept it like it is . but at my core , there is an optimist that sees the good in everything . but i wont ... i am around enough intj or enfj that i understand how they think and operate . because of this i can put on a mask to use these obnoxious j powers . but i never do it because it makes me feel terrible ... do we got instructions on how to pop that cork cause mines cemented shut ? besides this never really went through that phase . knowing me that is probably gonna be my mid-life crisis ... and ill have it when i'm 33 , naturally those who could blend in with society , would become some kind of witch doctor like others said . those who couldn't probably be neglected for being so weird . these guys become big cat food . you see ' iron sky ' ? nough said thank you well its good i didn't go with my gut instinct . originally i was just gonna propose , but then im like no slow down and play it cool . ... we zone out for long periods of time . when we eventually come back , we wont say what we were thinking about cause it would take like 3 times longer to explain our stream of consciousness . you are my hero i think the op also said no previous knowledge . the feynman lectures get pretty complex when he gets into em and quantum theory also how is emperor's new mind , its been sitting on mt of to-read ... first off you should find that person and marry them . but anyways , yeah the whole self-depreciating humor thing . if my boss gives me a major compliment , ill unintentionally respond with 20mins of ... yeah on this forum , just assume everyone is being sarcastic regardless what they say . worst case scenario , the posts become even that funnier 1 . hitchhikers guide to the galaxy 2 . cats cradle ( maybe with slaughterhouse 5 ) 3.count of monte cristo 4 . scarlet letter ( maybe with house of the seven gables ) 5 . catch 22 6 . complete works of ... thanks for the advice . really need to work on the whole emotions thing . anytime my therapist asks me how i feel about something , i always say okay or fine . one day he was like , okay i'm banning the ... first off that guy diagnosed me from a paragraph of info . he said depression wasn't feasible given our personality test and his only advice was to change all my brain processes and how i think . ... im pretty sure i need to be drunk in order to talk to you . instead im just gonna go to bed . your j is showing how do your friends act with other people ? that just might be their personality . if it is you cant really expect them to change . if your faking a more friendly personality , they might be picking ... for a while now , i've been pretty depressed , with a fair amount of anxiety and loneliness mixed in . my internal spark , that burst of energy to live life and that internal curiosity that drives me ... this might be in the same train of thought ... whenever i have to time to kill , i rehearse conversations that i need to have with people . ill often practice a couple times over . but the ... how many dead husbands before people stop marrying margery i especially love what they did with the queen of thorns , in the book she didnt stand out so much . in the show , i wish she was my grandmother 1 ) is beast a good or bad thing 2 ) jamie did rape his twin sister in front of their dead son's body 3 ) he has to keep introducing new characters so that way he can kill someone off later . you got ... you're confusing me . in the first line you are god but then you assume the position of the tortoise . ... are you the ancient god ea , cause i can get behind that i go back and forth with melisandre . sometimes she does something that makes me get behind her . and then she just starts burning her allies alive . it's stannis's wife who has got the serious issues . i can see it now . dany dies of a stroke , and the dragons fly off , never to be seen again . the spoilers are just the book readers reaction , better safe than sorry book readers : ' are you % & * ^ * & ... since this is a controlled experimental environment , im gonna assume they are gonna hide the daily calendar . i agree that it makes no point regarding monday , only that they could use it as base ... this might be a traumatic experience for both of you , approach with caution . my head is kind of like this giant maze with each door covered in encryption . stuff like intense emotions are so hidden ... hey if you want to bring back throwing garbage out the windows , i can get behind that . modern day is overrated , we should bring back the renaissance too while were at it . polls like this our way of predicting who is most likely to die next . higher they up the more likely they are to die . for better or worse i'm just swimming in a pool of intjs . they are literally crazy . they can be nice cause we get each others jokes but out of no where they get really intense and uptight about ... i didn't even think about that * mind blown * he better not find her cause you know martin will impale her . she was just some school yard crush that he has come to idolize after every women in his life shows him either disgust or disinterest i think it will eventually be answered in some sappy wizard of oz sense , the whores were inside you this whole time baha well that wasnt dirty i feel like there is a huge gap between those who follow the book and those who follow the show , not in terms of someone dying in the future but someone just sitting on there butt for 2 books doing ... sorry i was referring to themorning's comment i cant even breathe ! ^ ^ hey sorry about that , im a noob . thanks for the link i got a couple finals later , so this seemed like something worthwhile gender : m hair color : medium brown hair style : medium length , usually makes people question if i just got out of bed eye ... i think complex variables is just good for the soul . who can look at that beautiful euler's formula and not feel 10 shades brighter oh and jon snow going the way of lady stoneheart , not to hard to imagine i can see liking stannis in the show , although anytime he comes on camera i feel like i need to take a shower . but in the books he does nothing but sit around . he does not inspire leadership or ... jon snow and ygritte , they had it all . but like the other greatest romances of history , romeo and juliet , the asian woman and irish man from greys anatomy , they were meant to have a cluster fuck ... '