' libraries or bookstores , particularly the technical sections . some of us like nature - - go hiking and keep an eye out for the rugged and handsome man perched atop a boulder overlooking a stunning ... repealing the 17th amendment would be a good start . ... and the income tax . ... and an originalist supreme court to put the teeth back in the 2nd , 4th , and 10th amendments . the word you're looking for is either sensitive or vulnerable . it often happens as intjs get a little more experienced in life . we keep our marshmallow fluff inside heavily guarded , so for us ... someone ought to sow the apple of discord into this discussion by pointing out that mud is more likely to be brown than white ... / wince > that reee ! for the stukas was a nice touch , being historically accurate . too bad for the pilots they couldn't maneuver , climb , or fly particularly fast : they were obsolete by , say , 1942 or so . or , the ever-popular he was just lifting it . / swoon > what you do after dinner , perhaps ? a tour de force . much to chew on ; you seem to have accurately parsed much that is missing in the manosphere's insufficiently distinguished categories . you forgot carpet bombing ! : shocked : : exterminate : author ! author ! ... what are the 3 types of ( nice guys ) and ( good men ) respectively ? which kind of nice guy can transition ? ... do alphas ever fall from their lofty perch ? ... and is it the ... look up pournelle charts ( rip jerry ! ) and get back to me . which one will prevail depends on several factors , most notably whether the gop-e ( gop-establishment ) swamp critters can be removed from ... they ought to use this graphic in sex education ... if he's intj , he likely wants one but is unsure of the reception he'll get . certain kinds of openness are welcome because they provide * clarity * . just don't expect them to be able to give raw ...   1984 and animal farm were warnings , not instruction manuals . that depends , on whether there were any legitimate dual-use civilian purposes for the hardware and / or the chemical feedstocks . that being said , mustard gas is banned in warfare ; its use goes back to ... yes , i am . because orwell saw the excesses within socialism , and warned about them . and just to play intellectual circle-jerk back on you , ... 1984 was a warning , not an instruction manual . ... i'm citing orwell , because he is the author of the quote . the quote came to mind because of the perspective used in the picture . take a slightly larger geopolitical perspective . were the facilities to manufacture the gas , sold by the us government , as part of its official policy ? or were the components sold by private ... it's funny how privileged the left are : or , as orwell said , a boot stamping on a human face forever .   you know , in an odd way , that last post kinda segues into this one ... intj : come for the lulz , stay for the pyromania ? n . b . - - the patient is a dog . i don't think there's much risk of the patient drinking , or driving , or operating heavy machinery . ... does this have anything to do with the fact that after you've eaten corn , you often see undigested kernels upon exit ? * ouch * . on behalf of the entire intj armoured regiment , let me extend fellow condolences . xnfps have a way of getting under the intj skin , don't they ? the best advice i can give - - and i know it ... apple pine completely ot but i might need to steal that . gif in your . sig file . ... you left out the orthodox ! : shocked : i suggest a slight emendation . sola scriptura rejects the necessity of extra-bibilcal knowledge or doctrine as necessary for salvation ( and in some adherents , as necessary for successfully living ... to pour oil on troubled water is an archaic metaphor . oil and water are imiscible , and oil floats on water , and can tend to dampen waves . it's a metaphor for your paragaph i'm often worrying ...  ... the claim was that the war was a pretext for imperialist expansion . except it wasn't . some of the wealthiest industrialists in the us were making $ $ $ * selling to * germany before the war . the us ... yes , that's right . the doctrine * drives and defines * the social relations . for you lurkers , here's a * fascinating * example , from mark steyn . it's called ( i'm not making this up ) the shagged ... openly laughing in your face ... your desperation is showing . think . if hawaii were part of the united states ' imperialism , then the imperialism already existed before the war . therefore , the war ... stop embarrassing yourself . fundamentalism isn't a matter of social interactions , but primarily of * doctrine * . stop projecting . you're describing marxists and revisionist history . you're completely incorrect . roosevelt got elected ( again ! ) on the pledge i won't send your boys to any foreign wars . he attempted to live up to that via lend-lease ( sending vast amounts of war ... if you are alleging that ww ii was an imperialist war , with that phrase being used as a slur against england and the united states in particular , you could not be more wrong . japan invaded china ... attempted ad hominem won't save you . the reason i called it word salad is that it is incorrect . the word salad is simply a form of circumlocution combined with supercilious fatuity , a form of ... ( hands shahada some dressing . you'll need it for your word salad . ) you cannot defeat a terrorist with raised eyebrows . hey , womyn's studies majors have to eat , too , you know . in fact , some of them like to have their cake and eat it , too . : laughing : well crud . i missed it . see , if she was asking for advice about following her own heart and all , then yes , the enfp forum is the right place . but if she's asking about why is my intj guy acting ... hi . this may seem intrusive , but you're an enfp and that type is supposed to be very open and welcoming . what in the * world * did you find you needed to edit about such a short post 22 minutes ... '