' that is interesting ! in a way though , i'm not too surprised : people are always different on an individual level , but the general archetype of the intp is not particularly in line with stereotypical ... hmmm ... i like the idea , but i wouldn't be too sure this quiz or thread really proves any sort of point . still fun and worth discussion , though . female intj you scored 50 out of 100 masculine ... i voted no , but not exactly because there is still tons of good in the world . i believe the world is , by nature and majority , bad - - but it doesn't need to be good to warrant my care . for all the ... thank you so much for the kind mention , clyme ; the feeling is mutual ! i apologise for my tendency to disappear unpredictably ; i should really pick up that pm conversation again . a belated happy ... oh , i'm very glad my description was helpful ! you don't have to ask permission , you're more than welcome . i hadn't thought about it much , but it'd make sense that ni may be experienced somewhat ... well said , i very much agree with this . i'm not sure why ni seems so commonly described as inexplicable knowing - - like insight from no discernible source - - when , at least in my experience , there is ... good point . i've noticed that there's an overall stereotype for feelers being more artistic than thinkers . it seems the basic idea is that art is more value-based while science is more logic-based , ... oh gosh . i'm sorry , but i couldn't help noticing your hair looks virtually the same as mine , it's almost scary . i've always joked about my hair perpetually exploding yet in a stylish fashion ( for the ... there is no type that is the most elitist . individual people are elitist . ah , good thread topic ; i've been wanting to say something about this . intj stereotypes are odd , because on the one hand we seem to be worshiped for being supremely clever and edgy , and on the other ... just the way that the strengths and weaknesses are listed makes it hard for me to take this seriously . i could be wrong , but at a glance this looks like it relies excessively on extrapolations of ... i'd like to welcome you , as well , and best wishes on building a bond with this person ! that said , i'm surprised everyone seems to be jumping to conclusions here on him liking you ; this seems to be ... hullo , great to have you here ! glad you've enjoyed your perusal so far , and best wishes on enjoying your participation even more . thank you ! always a pleasure to meet other intjs . : laughing : well , with my prominent bones and habit of wearing black coats , i've been likened to him my fair share of times . it's a comparison i ... amazing ! i'm so happy for you , and i'd describe my emotional experiences exactly the same way ! we really do have a fair amount in common . only - - i would make the distinction that my circumstances ... an artificial pumpkin , specifically the fun-kin brand . also buckram fabric coloured black to attach on the inside of the facial openings , and foam for the top of the interior to stabilise the head . i ... hullo ! i greatly appreciate the welcome and relating , thank you . i also noticed that you are a former user making a return , so welcome to you as well ! hullo ! thanks for commenting . it sounds like we have similar interests , then ! halloween has always appealed to me for the same general reasons ; i've just always had a love and gravitation towards ... pretty much my thoughts right here . my opinion on any broad group of people is that i can't have an opinion . a group is the same only on one core aspect ; other than that , people are all totally ... i definitely noticed his te orientation to efficiency as well ; it's a very distinct aspect of his character . also totally agree on his leaning towards s functions . honestly , i think that istj and ... there's an interesting tumblr blog that focuses primarily on typing fictional characters based on cognitive functions , and it has the twelfth doctor typed as intj : doctor who : twelve [ intj ] | funky ... this isn't just a feeler thing ; it sounds like you may be hanging out with the wrong kind of people to begin with . friends who do drugs , get drunk , and go to trashy parties aren't the kind of crowd i ... i actually thought the exact same thing the moment i read the op . : laughing : it's not exactly a waste if you can't convince the person you're debating with , though . i knew that would happen , so i ... great question . i'm an intj . for me , there isn't any pattern to who makes the first move , i simply come across people as i go about my life . but i get a subconscious draw to certain people - - a ... no problem , mate ; the apology is appreciated . it sounded a bit like you were making sweeping generalisations of the intj type , and they're similar to some stereotypes i imagine a good number of us ... welcome ! good to have you join us here in the forum , and i'm sure you'll find plenty of people to chat with and learn from . yeah germany ! i lived there for three years when i was younger - - in ... hey , no worries , i had my first forum experience ... last year , i think ? i've only been on one forum before joining this one , and i didn't even stay . but there's a first time for everything , right ? ... hey , welcome ! good to have you here . it just makes me really glad to know when other people feel greatly benefited from mbti , because it helped me a lot , too , and i love to see others finding that ... hey ! no worries about being confused . a lot of people start off that way , but ai.tran . 75 is right : the cognitive functions are the real core of mbti , and it's by understanding those that you can ... happy to see this thread ; one of my closest and longest lasting friends is an infp . based on types , i would identify our common ground this way : 1 . both introverts ; this can potentially be a big ... hey , welcome ! i'm new here , too ; i understand feeling anxious , but no need to be . great to know you're passionate about learning . i have a very good friend who is an infp , too . what do you like to ... what a lovely greeting ! although ... i was going to ask the same thing . it's not just because of the stereotypes , is it ? if not , i'm honestly very curious . have you had good experiences with ... i say but yeah often enough , but only for a sense of transition . i don't really say but um . i've got a fine selection of ah , ahm , well , and ( d ) uuuhhh . really though , i think ... i find that when i first learn how to tie something , i need to double-check how it's done on a few occasions , but after that it becomes memorised for me , even for something like ties , which i don't ... aw man yes thank you , the dancing pumpkin man is my favourite gif ever . have you ever seen the full video ? i need more posts before i can include links on the forum , so i just replaced the dots with ... wow , thank you ! i greatly appreciate the warm and thoughtful welcome . i came to this forum in part to find people i could relate with , as well , and it's wonderful to find that all ready . i'm glad you ... i agree that intjs are not master strategists ; mbti is only a framework of thought process , not a measure of intelligence or creativity , and so it ultimately depends on the individual , not the type , ... welcome , good to have you here ! exploring other people's types is one of my favourite aspects of mbti , as well . by the sound of it , you may really enjoy these two websites , if you don't all ready ... hullo , good to have you here ! i'm the same way about forums ; i've only been on one other forum before this , and i left after about a year . it's not exactly my preferred means of communication , but i ... hullo , and welcome ! i think it's easy to become confused or unsure going off of the tests , especially if they only provide generalised descriptions . it's possible to figure it out from testing alone , ... hey , welcome ! good to have you here . i can definitely relate to your position ; i was unsure about my type between intp and intj for a while , myself , but as rdaneel made a good point to mention , it's ... i was going to note the same thing , myself ! there seems to be far more n types here than s types in general , and if i'm remembering my observations correctly , the i's also make up the majority over ... ( yes , there's an intentional joke here . ) well , uh - - hullo ! admittedly , i'm nervous about being on a forum ( don't really use them ) , but i looked around and anticipate good things here . now to just ... '