' where would you live ? canada / us , somewhere with a view of stunning mountains what would you live in ? a beautiful house , not too big and the interior design would be really modern but cozy ... i'm passively attracted to certain attributes in guys . but thinking about the people i've been attracted to i'd say i'm definitely attracted to a sort of aura as a whole , i do tend to go for well ... i can be both impatient and stubborn which are not a great mix , i usually look for every opportunity whilst remaining aloof when a crush develops . if there are obvious signs and i have a gut feeling ... you're so cute wait ... you're not on drugs ? can i have whatever you're having stop being so positive stop being so negative i can't keep up with what you're trying to say can you repeat it ? i want to console and always be there for a guy i'm with as i know they've had a tough life but any time i try they shut me out ( pretty sure they're a e / intj ) . we've connected on so many levels but ... never posted in the enfp section before since my type seems to have changed ! my ultimate favourites are ... breaking bad scrubs the office ( us ) twin peaks that 70 ' s show parks and rec there must be something wrong with my personality because i've always had the same problem . a lot of the time i genuinely crave company but i still enjoy my alone time and have a lot of introvert ... really got to start posting videos here ! ! i am loving your music , some really good original songs there . jeff buckley ! he was such a beautiful human being in every infp way . also audrey hepburn and shakespeare without a doubt . twin peaks breaking bad californication supernatural that 70 ' s show frustration because i do not know what the person who i am growing to like romantically thinks about me . it won't just be just another fish in the sea if i loose him , i've truly met somebody who i ... i'm really looking forward to seeing the girl with the dragon tattoo , it's not out till the 21st of december but i love the books , the director david fincher is a favourite and the soundtrack created ... 36 sanguine , 50 melancholy , 0 choleric , 50 phlegmatic hail to you who is melancholy phlegmatic the stability and foresight to stay straight on the course . the eye for detail while others do ... i'm almost an enfp myself but i recently met this enfp who is extremely extroverted , i guess they would test 100 % extrovert . we got to be really close friends and i loved their enthusiasm even though ... i have naturally darkish brown hair and i've died it black a couple of times and at the moment its really dark with a purple tint i want to go more purple though ! but i don't want to go through the ... i'm not really fussed about getting married but maybe if i think it would be a good thing for the relationship and i've always known that i'll wait till i'm 30 to decide whether i want kids or not . jk rowling of course when i was little i would read the harry potter series over and over again maybe cs lewis and jacqueline wilson too for a short time can't wait for the new black keys album these new songs are so good ! & i love the video haha my responses are so un-infpish but ah well . 1 ) is your desk often messy ? uhmm ... 99.6 % of the time 2 ) are you having problems finding the energy to clean your house / apartment ? do you ... last time i cried was two days ago . i misinterpreted a situation drastically so started evaluating all my problems and got intensely depressed for a few hours , i later found out how i misinterpreted ... i often go to certain people when things drive me crazy but if that fails playing guitar , writing thoughts down hidden in vague poems and creating anything artistic always helps . i was feeling the exact same way and came here to vent it ... i go in a constant cycle of getting my hopes up , getting let down , then getting my hopes up for something else . very annoying .  listening to chris cornell's perfect voice , which i do a lot of these days . about a month ago when i was at an extreme low point that took me a while to get out of ... since then i haven't really felt the need or urge to cry . 1 . i enjoy doing new and fun things whenever i'm stuck in a rut which happens to be a lot of the time . i love to be in an artistic and open state of mind so i can have interesting conversations with ... 1 . ) you are given a test at school that has questions that teacher hasn't covered yet . in the middle of the test you notice that your friend next to you has a cheat-sheet . the teacher doesn't notice ... if you consider apocalyptic scenarios sci-fi i loved stephen king's the stand i'm not the biggest reader out there and i loved it . i'm on a cycle of 2/3 to 7 and then back again . i used to be comforted by being at stages 7 and 8 when i was shyer and more introverted but now i hate being in them and there doesn't seem to be ... if i could have one wish it would be to stop this constant cycle of descending into deep pessimistic depression and being happy in a euphoric optimistic way with my life . i don't know if i'm bipolar ... i got the slightest bit over 50 % extrovert so i got enfp ! but since i'm still an infp i got pnfi-totorro - this type knows that the possibility for dreamy cuddles is endless . just don't piss it ... i don't believe in any organised religion although i live with some zen buddhism beliefs and ultimately have faith in humankind . i respect that people of organised religions find it useful to use ... 1 . do you have a high level of distrust for authority figures ? ( i . e . police officers , upper management , etc . ) ? generally .. yes if they flaunt their power and especially if they abuse it , i've ... well i didn't know that when i was 5 years old did i and as i said it seems silly now i have more perspective everybody needs to do unnecessary things but i just don't believe in shaming other ... i have had many many disillusioning times in my life most of them i can't remember vividly the one moment i that always sticks out is quite minor really but it kinda showed the type of person i was ... what's your favourite three colors ? red , midnight blue and black . what kind of books do you like ? ? i must be one of the few infp's who aren't avid readers but my favourite books are 1984 ... great idea its an obvious one but i still needed to vent and get a response its very strange telling strangers on this forum any issues again ... wow but thank you very much :) well i haven't posted on this forum since 2010 and i've gotta say its probably because i've learnt how to deal with things as an infp well done me .. so i've now got to the end of the hellish years ... i'm feeling confused & waiting for everything to get better , trying to write music since my dad is nagging me to follow my dreams since he failed at his own . i don't know how to do it because ... i'd build a studio with every instrument and technological music device in it amongst the mountains in italy . by day i'd write music and by night i'd fly through the mountains and touch the stars ... completely over-thinking life right now or am i under-thinking it i have no idea i've had a habit of not relying on anybody for anything for a very long time now so i've not consoled in anybody , ... none of my lists are in any order 25 songs you wish you could have listed in the other thread to further flesh out your musical tastes . if you didn't participate in that one , just list 25 varied ... ideal you real you introversion 43 % 73 % extroversion | 70 % | 40 % intuitive 73 % | 63 % ... i abandoned my socially awkward self today and decided to be social and talk to anybody extrovert that i can switch to . i now feel drained and unhappy when i reflect on the day , i also feel ... autumn definitely ! i love the warm colours and the pace of life in autumn , to snuggle up in the warmth during a cold day makes me happier than any warm day in summer could . i can't be bothered to post a picture but my hand is definitely an idealistic hand :) oh i like the sound of this ! mine are in no order muse - dead star joy division - she's lost control muse - citizen erased queens of the stone age - the sky is fallin ' the black keys - ... ever feel like you are completely invisible and simply a decoration to half of your friends . thats me right now . oh no its okay its just that if i ever want to do anything that will help me have ... i'm so happy ' cause today i found my friends they're in my head i'm so ugly that's okay ' cause so are you broke our mirrors .. kurt cobain is speaking my thoughts of today i have a habit of shying away from people who give me more attention than i think i deserve before they know my dark side .. he's an amazing guy but i don't know what to even think of him and he ... '