' i really enjoyed your post , but unfortunately this point is inaccurate . it doesn't invalidate your interpretation and that certainly isn't my intention however , we have to acknowledge facts . the ... theres so much data for both possibilities , its hard to be sure whats valid and what has been refuted . the data i'm most familiar with does show a difference - however i firmly hold the belief that ... thank you all for so many great posts while i was gone . eryngo - you make some great counter points . i think the mistake i have made is perhaps viewing things through the lense of my home , which ... you are quite right , eryngo i misspoke - implying it was guaranteed that it would have been a barrier to entry for that position , rather than it was merely probable that her being female would ... another excellent post in a thread i am really enjoying . thank you . i agree . for me - racism , sexism , ableism are all intertwined with class . people are and have been discriminated against for ... excellent post . the points on the right / left divide especially resonated with me . i'm a social democrat by nature , so centre-left - the lack of pragmatis and nuance in the extremes on either side ... nashvols made my point excellently before i could . i'm not similarly effected because i recognise it's part of the political game . in daily life , such people are incredibly off-putting - but in a ... well then , why even weigh in at all on a discussion forum if you have no intention to discuss ? you certainly have time and energy to have a lazy , unimaginative pop at me rather than offer any ... say what you like about ' armchair philosophy ' but it's often wholly , or in part , responsible for many of the rights and safeguards you enjoy today . i admire your commitment to action and the fact ... there's something unsettling i find about trying to demonstrate it's wrong to kill people by killing people . it's not justice , it's revenge . it eliminates all opportunity for rehabilitation , it ... those scores would position you , depending on test - as exceptionally gifted . average is around 100 and 160 is the absolute ceiling . if those scores are from professionally administered tests - i ... i suspect most of us simply fake it - some more convincing than others . personally , i haven't cried since adolesence . i know i've personally held concerns that there was something wrong with me ... it's a complex and multi-faceted issue - difficult but ultimately one we need to have an open discussion on . ' isms ' and hatred are , in my experience , externalisations of fear . hate and anger are ... again , i can only speak for myself but i think there is some validity here . i have little trouble building characters , plots and worlds in my mind - my problem comes down to transferring them ... i don't feel particularly qualified to assess your relationship's viability . however , speaking from experience if you are 26 - 30 or younger , have only been together a year and do not have ... an interesting question . i think usually generations are titled by their observers rather than themselves - though i feel perhaps gen x were the exception that proves the rule . i think spurning ... i must again thank you for your comments , lavendersnow it seems you may be correct . it seems theres a lot of overlap in both typings that i can relate to - so it will take some time to confirm ... thanks for your input . it's a fair analysis that , i concede , would probably hold true - which is unfortunate . you are correct - however my hypothesis was based on the idea that politcal parties were abolished . there would be no ' single brand ' campaigning and each candidate would stand or fall on their own ... hypothesis - the removal of organised political parties and a focus on individual , unlabelled campaigners would deliver more effective , moderate governance . many people , myself included , can be ... while open to the concept of ' something greater ' ( i believe in reason and science , i believe in our current understanding of the universe - the only thing i've never been satisifed with entirely is ... i appreciate your insight , lavendersnow i'd be curious to get your input on what type people who feel as myself and mr . pierce report might belong to outside infj . is there a type you consider ... i'm not proud to say it but i see a lot of school years me in your description of your male infj friend there , impala 39 not among our most charming qualities and i'm afraid i can't offer an ... well - that's because i didn't say that , lavendersnow i said i believe them to be the lesser of the two empathic types - because the way they empathise is less emotionally honest or driven . it ... i do think they get overlooked . i think it's because at least 1990-92 still gets tacked in with the late 80 ' s in the minds of some - the hair , the unashamed enjoyment of clothing covered in patches ... i'm an infj 9 - as far as i know . i would concur with many of the comments . i'm constantly questioning my own values and beliefs and i'm generally accepting of almost anyone . i would also ... unfortunately , there's no easy resolution here . either you throw the others under the bus - which will effect your relationship with them . this hinges on the certainty that they tricked you - only ... i re-read your post and i feel that perhaps we're making the same point , but describing it with a different choice of terminology . you describe absorbtion vs . mirroring , as i describe ... as a millennial , there is * some * truth to the stereotype . some . as there is with any stereotype , there's usually an observable generality that founds it . i know people who conform to the ... i'm not empathic in that sense . i can listen and usually remain pretty detached . i can empathise in the sense that i can appreciate why someone feels how they do , but i don't feel what they feel ... do they have a date in mind ? you could always support the idea but state that regrettably you'll be unable to attend . other than that , i'm afraid it might be difficult . you could always try the ... i find a lot of people confuse traits and descriptions of infjs and infps . i have a lot of time for the stereotypical infp - some i know can be a bit ' hippy-dippy ' , for want of a better phrase . in ... michael pierce remains my go-to source on the infp / infj issue , because he's quite good at speaking from experience and from study and thus in isolatuing general ( not universal ) differences and ... 1 . pragmatism ( 17 votes ) 2 . impartiality ( 16 votes ) 3 . selflessness ( 14 votes ) 4 . integrity ( 14 votes ) 5 . justice ( 12 votes ) 6 . helpfulness ( 12 votes ) 7 . sexuality ( 11 votes ) 8 . decorum (8 ... baggio ! what a legend . thank you for reminding me of him . based on what i've read , and what i've experienced - infj are the lesser of the two more empathic types . and i can accept that analysis - i've never been one to ' absorb ' another's feeling . i can be ... memes are reductive and on occasion , though not always , show a total lack of imagination . often they take a complex and serious issue , focus in on one tiny point of it from one exceptionally tiny ... the strong distaste for labels is , as far as i'm aware , something frequently found with infp . infps are , as i understand it , more inclined toward the unique and individual . they want everyone to ... i actually worked on return policy for a large company some years back so i'm actually fairly well placed to answer your question ; firstly - depending on where you are exactly , consumer law ... not at all - we need all the smart people we can muster frankly . and i enjoy learning from people thus i need smart people from which to learn . personally , i've always been a more natural follower than a leader . in my career i've tended to find myself in a ' lieutenant ' role - somewhere lower / middle management tier as a conduit between the ... a better world / society - kind of like plato's idealised republic . i like to imagine if i could start a new country - perhaps an artificial island somewhere , how would it be ? how could it be better ... i agree with ashorley - revenge is not justice . sometimes people can't help it and everything has gradation - i appreciate it's not always simple . but revenge and escalation often overlap strongly ... i can relate to your post hugely . i've also considered the possibility that i have some form of sex addiction which plays it's role too . what i'd say is probably an idealised piece of advice i'd ... fall of the berlin wall , yeltsin standing on his tank and the conflict in the former yugoslavia . i was very young when some of these things happened ( born 1986 ) but i absorbed it purely because of ... i don't think it's pretending to be wise - i think it's just simply wise advice to consider all possibilites with an open mind in order to reach a conclusion . we only know truly good ideas by ... do you dare to label yourself as a feminist ? how do you embody this ? i was raised only by women . in my job i'm fortunate enough to be surrounded by some incredible women with capabilities in their ... i'm with odinthor on this one . if people treat you badly , especially if it's consistent then i see no problem just cutting them off . i know that's an infj stereotype and people will wheel out all ... i don't have enough posts to link - but the bbc version of ' love will tear us apart ' by joy division . the video is quite something . honestly , any mention of astrology and usually i switch off completely . i also think having content behind a paywall only really pays off if you have something of substance before the paywall to ... '