' taxes that would've gone toward other government programs if they weren't funding the wall infp and currently it's philosophy minor might be psychology or history or something ( or philosophy if i change my major to something more practical like cs ) 17 just stop looking at dating in such a strict way . focus on meeting friends in an authentic way , not forced , and if there happens to be mutual attraction , just pursue that like , what's the ... if they're stupid , then i won't care . if they're smart , i'll painfully try to see things from their perspective :p i have a naturally like 25 hour sleep schedule . when i don't have any school / work / specific time to wake up , i go to sleep like an hour later each night . like , i woke up at 2:30 am this morning and ... i applied to a few schools in my state and some out of state in case they gave me big scholarships ( didn't happen ) . so i just went to the university in my state i liked the most ( i visited some ... it's imperfect but a democratic republic is the most fair system we've historically had . what is needed is better education ( e . g . more unbiased portrayal of history and government classes , philosophy ... infp . don't plan on getting married because i don't see the point of signing a contract to do the same thing you can do without it . i also just don't like the [ historical ] concept of marriage as a ... steve - estp caitlin - isfj / intp alisha - isfp emmeline - isfj emilia - enfj emma - entp andrew - isfj ( makes me think of a college tour guide i don't know why ) adrian - isfp kyle - isfp ... i think political parties are sort of politics 101 . it's best to look at each issue individually from all perspectives and make a decision from there . good idea oh yeah i didn't get fired by the way true but i can't find many other entry level jobs that don't want their employees to act similarly maybe i should be one of those people that stand outside of tax offices in a statue of liberty ... lmao there's a guy who works there who comes in every day smelling like weed and and he's the best person on the line yeah . i don't know anyone who actually likes being approached at stores and i hate being a bother like that . there's a dishwasher position but they don't really assign specific jobs for people ... not really , i guess i like figuring out how these foods are made and i try to test to see how well i can memorize the recipes . i think it's just my face . like i don't really show emotions ( e . g ... recently i started working at my first job which is just a minimum wage job at a casual restaurant . i've only worked there for a few weeks but my manager pulled me aside yesterday telling me that i ... yeah i definitely agree that sex is something shouldn't be a social taboo in any way and that it's viewed as way too unmentionable and stigmatized in society but i was mainly talking about the ... currently , it's not something i ever really think about . maybe i'll change my mind later down the road , but i don't see much difference between 2 people living together in a committed relationship ... okay so i've noticed that some intps i know like to purposefully create awkward situations there's this intp who won't answer a direct question like what day is it ? that the asker could have ... your result is : entp 65 % entp 35 % intp alright #some infps have a kind of messiah complex , especially 4s i've seen several infps with low self-confidence that compare themselves to others to bring themselves up . they also want to eject a ... disturbing ne : mexican seafood all the itchy flakes , it is a flaming all the gels and cremes it is pertaining to a fungus mold cured by injection hope it's only ah , a yeast infection ... i'm not really sold on entj compare him with ann coulter ( lol ) , an entj , talking about the same topic ... first of all , the grocery story publix will change your life / coriander ? so , how do you take notes ? bullet points / asterisks / dashes , paraphrasing , kind of a personalized note-taking language with various acronyms & symbols do you jot down everything the teacher says or ... what the fuck ... this is extremely , extremely accurate you are in a perpetual quest to find the new , the exciting . emotionally volatile , you are known for sudden changes of opinion , of ... it's pretty questionable to say that islam is evil . if it is , it's essentially just as evil as christianity was during the inquisition , the kkk , etc . i mean , if you look at the statistics of ... i try not to show it unless i'm pretty sure it's reciprocated , which ... would probably be pretty annoying from the other side dresden and cairo / giza something i've noticed as an ne-aux is that whenever i say something that i think is funny to another ne user ( especially dom / aux ) , i can usually tell if they're going to think it's funny or not ... why do you think you're an infp ? ( unrelated , whoops ) march 2 - infp top 5 careers based on ' best fit ' : 1 . copywriter 2 . technical writer 3 . archaeologist 4 . landscape architect 5 . web developer lowest 5 : 1 . clergy 2 . athlete in general , i think virtually all major societies in history have been immoral to some extent , but there lies the question if the nature of organisms on earth is supposed to be morally good . i ... infp - asylum murder house was good except i did not care for the parents ' marital issues ... at all it comes in spurts out of seemingly nowhere it's pretty much like : wakes up , feels strange urge to be clean and organized , thinks what have i become , picks shirt off floor 1w2 i guess chaotic neutral detailed results : alignment : lawful good - - - xxx ( 10 ) neutral good - - - xxx ( 13 ) chaotic good - - - xxx ( 14 ) lawful neutral - - xxx ... idealist - enfp . i like their minds and how their ne manifests . it interests me how enfps balance optimism and pessimism , in that they acknowledge the negative about things but they don't want it to ... idk but i've noticed when nps are writing they have casual fuck-ups like writing words twice , forgetting to write words , writing a word they're thinking instead of what we're intending to write , etc . words that seem normal and straightforward in my head sometimes get lost in translation and come out as confrontational aloud i don't intentionally try to be rude ( too much effort ) . maybe just ... greed i don't think any evil people are evil for the sake of being evil like a large fraction of villains in books and film . i think evil is a byproduct of certain aspects of human nature . insanity , ... i guess i'll go with ni , that fortune teller psychic ability shit : tongue : forget what i said earlier about leslie knope leslie : esfj 3w2 ron : istp 1w9 tom : esfp 3w4 donna : esfp 7w8 ? 3w2 ? jerry : isfj 2w1 april : varies by writer , at the end of the series infp 5w4 ... i am pure 00 ' s kid born in 1997 and 1998 a lot of that seems right ... an image that really defines my childhood era is renting a movie at blockbuster , seeing all the willy wonka themed candy ... infp : your score was 70 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the high machs , people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated , people who ... '