' rio roberts boo newport sid vicious wilson noodle victoria gizmo merton taz a323 to be honest , the ones i have written so far sound like tube stations ... so ... i pay for both virgin media and netflix but the tv only goes on once a week ( sunday ) to watch a program on a freeview channel which is paid for with my tv licence . yep . at a police station interview with a client ... me : okay . so based on the evidence against you and your instructions to me , i am going to advise you to exercise your right to remain silent and ... jesus , i would hate your travel to work ! i live 25 miles from central london , where i work , and i hate the journey ! at work i wear black or grey suit trousers and a fine knit jumper of some description , usually in black , grey or navy . i tend not to wear shoes if i am in the office but if i am out , black heels or ... look in the yellow pages ( i believe you have that in the us , if not local directory ) and call some local animal boarding places . make sure you visit before and maybe , if you have it where you are , ... either send them to the kennels for a bit , have someone pop in a few times a day or pass them over to a pet sitter . i have a horse that regularly goes on holiday livery or is cared for by the person ... i'm not actually that fussed by tea ... i occasionally have a craving for english breakfast tea ... otherwise i might occasionally have raspberry and dragon fruit tea . tea is fairly abundant here ... i ... routine ! you need to get in the routine of going to bed and getting up at a certain time , even at the weekend . even if you go to bed 2 hours later than usual , you should still get up at the same time ... favorite : bought myself a pair of really nice pajama bottoms ... i basically live in them . least favorite : being called out to a police station an hour an a half away from home at 11am on christmas ... i think it depends on the area you live ... i'm not familiar with the prices of things in the us but if i convert $ 1400 into pounds it comes out around £ 922 or there about . if i lived in the north ... not many people can read my cursive , especially if i am rushing so i rarely use it . i wasn't allowed to use it in coursework or written exams because it becomes unreadable . i wrote this in a rush ... england ... home of the crumpet . i parked my car and ran some errands for 3 hours before noticing i didn't have my car keys . i searched everywhere before going back to where i parked my car , only to find my car unlocked with the ... thank you for all the suggestions . the trial is on monday so i should find out then . i thought it was either punching to the face or i'll shut up but the i'm so normal bit throws me off . they ... carers allowance only applies here ( uk ) to those earning under £ 110 a week . i earn quite a bit more than this so this does not apply to me . she cannot claim esa ( employment support allowance ) because ... it's in the context that they are talking about a fight , if that is any help ! thank you for the suggestions so far ! i'm sorry . i truely am , but i am stuck . i am trying to prepare a trial and i am stuck trying to interpret facebook chat between co-defendants . i feel very old despite being 21 . so , does ... i am my mum's carer . she is only in her early 50 ' s but she has breast cancer and a brain tumour . she has received the treatment for the breast cancer ( removal , chemo and radio ) in september and we ... on that it was 167 wpm but it wasn't in sentences so was more difficult to flow . audio typing i can type up to 202 wpm average . speak to their hr department , see if you can have an appointment with them and just ask what they would be looking for if they were hiring , what kind of things they would like to see , etc . it shows ... from a merely selfish point of view , i would feel no guilt having not saved a painting , certainly none for the mona lisa , where as if i were to stand back and not save a child , guilt would not be the ... internet went down at work for 4 hours . we have a paperless office with the system running off the internet ... ended up playing office chair bowling in the car park . rice milk . can't stand cows or goats milk and i'm not a massive fan of almond milk either . i only use it in tea anyway . you have got me started now ... i drive a sports car and the amount of guys who pull up next to me at traffic lights and want to race me is ridiculous . i know how fast my car will go , i don't need ... irl i think it really depends if i know who i am talking to or not . if i know them , i am fairly friendly and easy going but can be dismissive and sarcastic . i tend to give looks more than talking to ... i wouldn't do anything about it but then i have no idea what your work place is like . i work in an office with 40 other people all of which i am friends with , if they were to take money they ... i am fluent in bsl , i am profoundly deaf in one ear and partially deaf in the other but i do wear hearing aids to work etc . most people don't actually realise i can't hear them and either think that ... to be laughing when i say the word penis to my mother . i'm in my 20 ' s ffs , i should be able to do this by now ! i would really like to finish my christmas dinner before i get called out this year ... if anyone is planning on getting drunk and starting arguments with their entire family , if you could make it ... finally home in my pajamas after a 5 hour journey home from work ! phew . thank god it's friday . yes . i won't be using them when i am dead so what difference will it make to me ? also , there are a lot of people who could potentially live very long and fulfilling lives if they had the opportunity , ... just started house of leaves by mark z . danielewski and doctor sleep by stephen king i would rather be an angel disguised as a devil . i wouldn't have to live up to anyone's expectations because they wouldn't be expecting me to be good . because i don't tend to notice nor care how people talk to me , i now have a reputation of being a bit of a pushover amongst colleagues . i'm not really sure how to feel about it . i have also ... depends how lazy i am feeling and also how long i am going to be outside . generally though , i will put a coat on . with the amount of time i am outside , i am not going to get used to it . i am not an ... i didn't mind the effect of marijuana , i have had it as hash brownies , bong and spliff . i think the effect it has depends on both the potency and the strain of cannabis you have . getting it from a ... how do you know when you are stressed ? i get really bad headaches and i get that sinking feeling in my stomach like i have forgotten to do something . how does your behaviour change when you are ... yep . what gets my goat is when someone asks if i'm ok , i reply with i'm fine . then i get the bloody spanish inquisition about how i can't possibly be fine , how fine is a non-answer and so on ... hmm , i don't mind it if it smells okay and is used in moderation . my favourite is probably jean paul gaultier - le male , although paco rabanne 1 million isn't awful either . to be honest , a nice ... i don't wear them to be cool or not . i wear them on my motorbike in the evening because i can't have a tinted visor when it gets dark ... i kind of like to be able to see where i am going especially ... my mum has had two although the second was only the start of this year so i was 20 at the time ... not really a child . my mum's first divorce was to my biological dad when i was 7 . they had split ... depends how important it is . if it is something important , then i will do it no matter what . if it is neither here nor there , then i am likely to do about an hour and then go back to how i was or ... cotton wool * shudders * pantomime costumes learn to prioritise . nothing more annoying than having someone dither for ages because they don't know what to do first . as said in op , work on typing speed . if you can't take short hand notes ... this makes me miss being at college ... normal working hours for me ... probably 50ish hours a week plus 24 hour duties twice a week ... bluhh , i want 6 weeks off :( i like slam poetry , i don't really go around on websites looking to read it very often but i do watch slam poetry a lot ( on the internet that is , it isn't something i have heard of them doing around ... can't say i have ever contemplated it ... i would certainly speak to someone if i did though . well , i was working on this this morning ... it is now going to be put away and never looked at again as i can't ( as you can see ) get the right eye right >:( i cannot tell you how many times i have ... '