' samantha - enfj theodore twombly - infp amy - estp reference entp archetype . richard feynman . cogito ergo sum . your existence is not dependent on other human being's or even your environment's perception of your existence . your existence depends on your own thoughts and actions . so next time ... fear itself . :) since one's ideals of what makes a human adult male ' manly ' is so widely subjective , one specific mbti type cannot be assigned the title . having established that , my idea of manly is someone like ... i'm atheist when it comes to the gods of the various man made religions as we've discovered , through scientific research and rational thought , plenty of concrete facts which destroy their doctrinal ... some of my perennial role-models and philosophers of choice have been infj . i've also had positive relationships with a few nfj people in my daily life but when it comes to romantic interest it gets ... i think the anxious way in which you're receiving these thoughts is responsible for hindering your sleep . do not fight your thoughts , accept them in an observing fashion , do not judge them , simply ... firstly , i would realize the fact that this moment would've come eventually , be it in 60 seconds or 60 years . after i take comfort in that thought i would probably write a parting note to my family ... being bored is suicide , it is the antithesis of living . there is just so much going on during the time that i'm conscious , there are far too many of my questions that are unanswered which are ... i get along with guys just fine , but women have been a lot more fun to interact with , in my experience . they just seem to appreciate my wit more and something about that female sexual energy , their ... ladies and gentlemen , may i present to you one of the most complexly tragic infj characters in the ever expansive and wildly colorful tapestry of fictional entertainment ; mr . richard harrow . atticus finch ( my all-time favorite ) - infj richard harrow - infj dwight schrute - estj kenshin himura - infj roger sterling - estp jim moriarty ( bbc sherlock ) - entp edward newgate - entj guido ... thanks for answering . if you don't mind , may i know if this assertion is based on personal experience / observation or professionally researched information ( or both , of course ) . if it's the latter i ... is this purely an ne trait ? is this consistent with entps also ? thank you for posting the charlie sheen video . it serves as an excellent counterpoint to tarantino's tantrum , shall we say . fe is by no means a xxtp's forte but it definitely makes them a lot more ... i'm inclined to agree with your point and the fact that you claim to be enfp garners your opinion more merit as i'd presume you'd certainly be more efficient at discerning fi from fe . but i think i'm ... i'm in agreement with the esxp assertion for quentin tarantino , but we're yet to see any evidence of his ti . it would be nice if someone could present some relevant examples . as for his fe , from what ... ni and fe were his most evident functions and he was an introvert . infj . holden caulfield - infp jay gatsby - infj the old man in the old man and the sea - isfp winston from 1984 - intp  epic . i don't know about feeling better but if there is something i want which requires them to follow my logic then i will try reasoning with them . if there is nothing they can offer me then they're not ... i find objective criticism useful . i'm at the most , annoyed by stupidity . i don't care about anything in-between . llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwlllantysiliogogogoch 18 unique letters . hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia further continuation of this conversation will get me banned . : laughing : curiosity killed the cat ?  so i got this piece of text analyzed ; i'm joccin ' on yo bitch ass and if we get to fightin den im coccin ' on yo bitch ass you catch me at yo local party yes i crank it everyday haterz get ... louis c . k is awesome . that is all . then why am i 5 ' 3 ? and i don't find tits desirable on my body . i do remember posing this question but i don't remember having tits . you can't be me . i don't remember creating this thread and that's not even my account . am i hallucinating ? i'm not an intp and put in my opinion just to fudge the data . trololol . on a good day , i punch them in the face . with a better understanding of the cognitive functions and increased awareness of their manifestation in my behavior , i retook the test with the objective of reaching a more accurate conclusion and ... you are 8.3 % good . you are 17.9 % chaotic . alignment : true neutral fun test . no , you need mental help for suggesting to subject an animal which is already in pain to more pain and suffering . there is only one best solution , euthanasia , google it . no one can answer your questions then . you need mental help . did you think it was chocolate ? no . everything . any rational human being should realize that . i don't know if you realize this but you sound pathetic . you first ask him to shoot his sick dog and call it win-win like it was some business decision he was dealing with . then instead of ... euthanasia is the only option . follow the guidelines presented in this article to assess the quality of life of your pet and then make your decision when the time is right . euthanasia : making the ...    i'm obsessed with rationality and logical consistency when constructing and examining thoughts , ideas and theories . in my day-to-day practical activities and schedules , not in the least . introverted ( i ) 71 % extraverted ( e ) 29 % intuitive ( n ) 73 % sensing ( s ) 27 % thinking ( t ) 95 % feeling ( f ) 5 % '