you need to have 15 posts to do that . how is palpatine an infp ? so true . yeah , yeezus was terrible . you need 15 posts first when i was in the third grade , i thought i was gay ' cause i could draw . i don't know , man . they just tend to make me feel good . i'm not sure what it is to be honest . social anxiety sucks .  lol ... excellent signature , good sir . what's sweet about us ? tyrone magnus ? ? ? you attract artsy people the people who you usually see walking around thrift shops and ... an isfp ... there may be some in here : i was expecting real-life interaction . :/ enfp and esfp should be switched . primary color : green secondary color : environmental tan i didn't even notice the squares . 30 people that had one job and failed | bored panda i've been looking at this for about 10 minutes and i still don't get what it is about . :( the rest of you may cringe , but ... i have all traits except 6 and 7 jay-z is / was a great rapper . i just doubt he's as popular as the map makes him out to be . so jay-z is america's favorite artist ? lmao . gender : cis-male hair color : black hair style : eye shape : see above eye color : brown glasses : yes personal style / manner of ... i don't get it everything you mentioned is completely normal . you're talking about sparky's posts right ? is that the drummer or a member of the doors ? i would think most of us intjs don't have friends . or at least not many close friends ... he said it was one of the most poisonous liquids ? me ? sarcastic ? never . i was quoting someone else , but yeah , it does describe some of my experiences with nfs or feelers in general ... there's probably at least 3 of these threads posted every week . you just have to use the search bar to find other threads . i can't imagine either of them being perceivers . leaving home without any music to listen to . try playing with kids or something . religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet . religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich you caught me . i enjoy : dancing at raves meeting new people kayaking team sports dramatic acting playing with kids and animals he thinks everyone is an intj . socializing ... they're all right as friends i guess . i imagine a relationship with one would be catastrophic for both sides . i've gotten this a lot too . they're one and the same to me ... like isaac newton , i used to stare at the sun and to be obsessed with optics in general ... i could agree with most of these , but jimmy page an istp ? are istps into mysticism ?