' and ? this happens from time to time . it's part of the risk of travelling to space . i care about facts only when arguing - that is , when i'm trying to win . if i'm trying to convince someone of my viewpoint , i hardly use any facts at all . emotional arguments are much more convincing ... typically just one , but i keep many around for general reference . i do believe this is the part where we back away slowly . on the op : technology isn't evil or good . technology , defined as , tools humans invent and innovate upon to make their lives easier is a force that cannot be stopped . humans will always want to make ... enlightened despotism is better than democracy . realist , but with an optimistic outlook on things . i try to find solutions where i can , and focus on realizing those solution . for examples of intj presidents , look at kennedy , jefferson , and wilson , all of which are notable , and arthur , coolidge , and polk , which are not at all notable . the point : mbti type is not at all a ... i've never been comfortable in front of the camera , but i love being behind it . video production was one of the areas i considered going to college for , and i still use my skills there from time to ... the only reason i'd prevent myself being born would be to see if it created a paradox or a new alternate universe , either disproving or proving the multiverse theory . the first time i confessed my attraction to someone , it was high school , and i was already certain of my feelings for her and her feelings for me . i had long let her into the inner circle , so i had ... non-religion is the next big religion . the trend away from religion seems to always happen as a nation becomes more advanced . as has been already said , we're not at all the best at this kind of thing , but i will say we may offer a few insights . what i would do in your situation has already been recommended : tell her ... speaking in the scale of the universe , you're almost directly occupying the same space . when i learned to manipulate the emotions of other people rather than trying to break through them , i found that , more often than not , i don't have to resort to more forceful means than asking to get ... i don't think i'm cold , though i certainly can be . i'd characterize it as being more in control of our emotions . we are the vulcans of humanity . i don't give a damn about other people getting offended . i'm speaking truth to them , and i shall continue to do so no matter how offended they get because hearing the truth is important . if i stopped ... in all seriousness , irrational behaviour can be extremely dangerous to society . look at the anti-vaxxers . because of this , i simply kill them and justify it by natural selection . but effort must be made to ensure i won't be caught . you'd be caught in the first scenario most definitely . the second , you be caught after the second or third attempt . for instance , what if you're ... again , you're thinking too jingoistically . diplomacy is the best weapon to use in conquering the world , as it lets you accomplish your goals without firing a single shot . note that , in my plan , only ... it has . i ensure there is no evidence to trace back to me , and i force them to give me their emails and passwords before i kill them , to ensure that nobody files a missing persons report . i then take ... be patient , and use diplomacy and military force together . use russia's new expansionism to increase european unity until they federate . then , merge the united states , canada , europe , australia , and ... i kill them . it doesn't bother me one bit . then again , i am rather involved in politics , and appealing to emotions is our primary tool , so we use buzzwords all the time to turn out our voters . as was already said , the only time my actual behavior will change is when i'm around them . otherwise , my thoughts might turn to them when i'm idle , but nothing else really changes . i never simply begin a conversation with small talk . for me to notice a person , they have to distinguish themselves somehow . for example , when i started school this year , i saw a girl in a food line ... i'm not robotic , i do feel my own emotions and express them , but i don't really have strong emotions very often and rarely empathize with others . i'm fairly cautious . i tend to stay below 10 over the speed limit , and don't break any other traffic laws . the one thing i am guilt of is changing my behavior to punish others . for example , if ... i have a decent range of types as friends . my inner circle has one other confirmed intj in it , along with a suspected infp , a suspected estp , a suspect intj , and a confirmed infj . the rest of my ... of course there are . there are lgbt individuals in any significantly sized population , so long as it is decently random . when i'm sad , i want to be left alone until i fix the cause of the sadness or , otherwise , get over it . what i absolutely do not want is people trying to help me . if i'm genuinely sad , i will get ... i find most small talk utterly pointless , unless it's with a person that interests me . i'm in politics . i'm a very visible democrat in a state dominated by republicans . we get called un-american just for being democrats , so being a patriot , or at least acting like one publicly , helps ... quite a shocker that you've placed your type as god . absolutely . my country's interests are , at some level at least , my interests , so patriotism is , for me , a kind of rational self interest . also , being patriotic is necessary in my field of work . no . just no . furries do what they do because that's their fetish , and i sincerely hope you're intelligent enough to know the difference between a fetish and a person's gender identity . stop ... without question , climate change . the most important thing to understand here is this : gender identity is not sexual orientation . they are two separate things . it is perfectly plausible for someone to be born male , be transgender , be ... when i took interest in the space program when i was 6 . no joke , that was the first area i obsessed over . i can still spit out most space related facts now , and still understand most of the physics ... honestly , i'm not sure what the op expected , posting an astrology topic in the subforum for the types that are , on average , the most scientific . i debated the ukraine crisis , mostly to educate my friend that is most ignorant of geopolitics . my lovely nation : the federation of aquevon is a massive , safe nation , ruled by arkantos with an even hand , and remarkable for its devotion to social welfare . its compassionate population of 1.655 ... i refuse to consider a hypothesis based on a false assumption . i do it for fun . i quite like the idea of influencing policy at the highest levels , and i definitely plan to run for office someday . for now , i'm a decently high-level activist in my state's ... i'm not a loner , but i do spend most of my time alone . i have quite a few good friends , and 5-6 in my inner circle , that i enjoy hanging out with and that i get together with often ; however , i often ... the death eaters do come from more than one house . peter pettigrew was a gryffindor . the defining trait of slytherin , as rowling explains in the pottermore introduction to the house , isn't evil , it's ... the sun's expansion in ~ 5 billion years . slytherin . i do value knowledge , and have often been sorted into ravenclaw , but my ambition is too great to be sated by knowledge alone . no . we haven't observed or repeated any of those things . we have accelerated things with mass to relativistic speeds - this is what particle accelerators do . it's what they do with the lhc . it isn't ... travel at relativistic speeds is certainly possible , it just requires a large ( more than we can currently generate ) amount of energy . '