' i disagree . it always seemed to me that people only truly hated others that they believe have treated them or someone else poorly in some fashion . the source ranges all the way from mild ... yeah , enfp seems pretty accurate . i melt whenever i see women with this kind of personality . why are they so damn rare ? introspective , compassionate , emotional likes to read . might like to write as well . likes the horror and / or dark genre potentially emo got white / blue . a little off in the description , but it's close enough , i guess . intp here . i can somewhat relate to istp and entp descriptions as well . banned for ironic lack of sympathy . in no particular order : celes ( final fantasy vi ) lucina ( fire emblem : awakening ) lightning ( final fantasy xiii ) lana ( phoenix wright : ace attorney ) cloud ( final fantasy vii ) setsuna ( fire ... in ecology , competition is defined as : the struggle among organisms , both of the same and of different species , for food , space , and other vital requirements . is it possible jealously could be a ... why does competition need to involve jealously ? humans are also naturally competitive . millions upon millions of people have murdered each other in wars due to property , disputes between rulers , differences in ethics , etc . the killing of other ... this is a difficult debate to engage in because you ask if the rape of women is truly disturbing and then change the definition of the word to suit your own emotional bias toward it . simply put : ... a lot of women are perverted as fuck too , even if they don't show it .  ... guilty as charged men may have been the primary destroyers of civilizations , but they were also the primary builders of them . competitiveness , and all that . serious , emotionally unavailable women are my weakness . but on topic , i don't know if you're necessarily trans ( possible ) , but it seems like you want to be more expressive / feminine than what ... enfj since we're on the topic of final fantasy , time for my own controversial opinion . i quite liked the xiii trilogy . all three of them . come at me : crazy : abruptly kissing her probably isn't the best choice . if someone boldly kissed me when i wasn't sure about whether i'd want to escalate things or not , i'd likely be scared off . that's just me , though . so - 26 sp - 21 sx - 39 he's using the accent because he thinks it's funny . honestly , the guy you're describing doesn't sound that annoying , even if pretty childish . as for dealing with the problem , just tell him to ... i can remember a few girls from high school that vaguely fit her description . usually , their problem is that they don't put enough effort into appearing amicable around other people . if she looks ... got rcuen i want to get my ass on the treadmill . bravo finance whiz ! you can fairly understand when you are given certain instructions . in addition , you do possess a fair ability to work with numbers and carry out arithmetical calculations ... if this problem only happens during arguments , it's probably at least partially influenced by your emotions . either that or you have a tendency to blink less during an argument , which causes your ... intp female most : istj , intj , istp least : infp , isfp , esfp if you love something , it's normal to feel hurt or angry when someone trashes it . as for learning to deal with that hurt , experience or a change in mindset could help you . with enough exposure to ... '