' you can say that about a lot of online tests . it's no wonder we all get confused ! riso / hudson correlated enneagram type two with jung's extroverted feeling type , so a one with a two wing ... for what's it worth , i'd say the converse is also true . that women are expected to be emotionally open and share things . and that , likewise , for some women ( not just female istjs ) this isn't how they ... they still work fine for me , but sometimes this forum is temperamental when it comes to loading pages , you could try googling the titles of the threads and see if it works that way ? thank you , and generally , no . i did get isfj once on 16 personalities , but i always thought their test operated under the principle of thinkers are completely heartless and hate people so didn't ... i wouldn't worry too much about the tradition idea if everything else feels ok to you . i don't care for traditions either , and you'll probably find the majority of istjs on here would say something ... yeah , the bluntness does get us into trouble from time to time ! over time we can learn to prefix our comments with stock phrases that make them sound less direct or blunt , but we have trouble because ... this is basically the story of my entire socially inept life ! growing up with an infp sister , i learnt the hard way that responding in the ways your colleague does for some reason doesn't really ... always happy for alternative perspectives , i'll give krayfish's questions a go :) question away as you wish . 1 ) is there any uncertainty regarding how you are currently typed ? why / why not ? what ... personally , i love nfps . i find them really easy to talk to and fun to be around . can you give an example of the rudeness you've experienced or some further explanation as to why you think istjs ... i think one of those buggers is the cause of my phone kicking me off this site when i try to access it sometimes . if you kill the page before the script starts , it's fine , but it's annoying . the ... i think your si questions were fine :) but yeah , i don't relate to se at all , so in that respect i'd always get a lower s score than t because i can somewhat relate to ti traits . i think both si and ... least preference answers : 1a , 2d , 3c , 4c , 5b , 6b , 7c , 8b , 9d , 10a , 11d , 12a , 13a , 14d sensing : 3 intuition : 5 feeling : 4 thinking : 2 it was really the n ones which were least like me , but ... my answers : 1d , 2a and 2c ( can't choose ! ) , 3a , 4b , 5c , 6d , 7b or 7d , 8D , 9a , 10c , 11c , 12b , 13b , 14a results : sensing : 3 intuition : 2 feeling : 4 thinking : 7 i got estj for this . i'm istj , very definitely introverted . i got istj on the latest revision i took of your last one . i'm guessing i scored higher on te than si and while i'd say i use both all ... i don't have the book but i'm assuming this p / j description forms the basis for the book , and that description strikes me as a really confusing way of explaining j / p . i can't say i'm a fan of the ... if we're doing * not my photo * then i really liked this one : the irony here is the one thing i remember as a kid being taken to airshows regularly ( it was my dad's thing ) was the mud . big muddy airfields with open air and grass . it's been a long time since i ... a couple of pics of one of only two still airworthy avro lancasters from the croft nostalgia festival earlier this month . soon after this display , they grounded this ( and other aircraft ) over safety ... she definitely looks happy and well loved in the photos . it's awful when pets go because at the end of the day , they are still our family . sometimes there's nothing you can do , sadly , and you're ... what specifically constitutes a ' true attempt ' to understand though ? in response to the op of this thread , how is a sensor supposed to react ? if we were to ask for specific examples ( which is often ... i'm kind of disappointed that there haven't been any other replies to this yet , but i appreciate the sj forum is the deadest place on personality cafe . nothing like a dead forum to help you feel ... squirt i'm not sure if this is a si / ni thing or if he's just bad with conversation generally and getting his point across . i can see an element of a need for concrete details here though so i'll ... this makes no sense . it's a ridiculous notion to suggest we live in an es society then admit that certain factions of society ( in this case the internet community ) conform to an opposite type ... it's a trolley ! : tongue : buggy is another term for a pushchair here ( which i believe is a stroller in us english ) . breakfast-dinner-tea where i'm from . although lunch is used for mid-day ... you can fix that in settings in your profile . click ' settings ' next to your user name in the top right corner go to ' general settings ' on the left hand menu ( under my settingsmy account ) scroll ... it'd probably be rubbish bin , or just bin really in the uk . although given most ( all ? ) councils these days provide ones with wheels , they're more typically referred to as ' wheelie bins ' . though my ... thanks you as always niss . i enjoyed reading about the yo-yo . i'm guessing i'm guilty of this far more than i anticipate . thanks for this , seems a fair assessment . i always wonder about ni over si because i see so many things attributed to ni that i relate to , although i suspect they're just more introverted traits than ... i don't really know that much about crustaceans but ... i'd probably be something like a forward walking crab . just to be awkward . this is exactly me . i might occasionally use the office scanner for personal things ( though it'd be personal admin where you need a scan of a document rather than anything that would count as ... instinctively i always found heavy te and ti users pretty easy to spot , though i think that is more because high levels of ti tend to irritate the te in me ! i think the easy way to tell the ... i score mostly istj . some online tests give me intj . cognitive functions based tests often type me as intp ( and less commonly istp ) i think because of the way some of the ti questions tend to be ... i don't know if i know much about estjs specifically , but i'll give you my istj point of view ( sorry , this is a bit long ) . stereotypes i think it depends on which stereotypes you're going on ... honey & mumford learner types ( 1986 ) online questionnaire i had trouble getting the quiz on the first link of yours to work properly . i got it to work earlier on my phone , but couldn't read all ... thought i'd have a go at this , mostly for fun , but interested to see what your analysis is . 1 ) these are links of two different photographs . what is your interpretation of each image ? what comes ... this is such an old thread ; i'm amazed how many istjs there used to be on here ! but i like these sorts of things so i'll answer :) what are your religious beliefs ? none really . loosely brought up ... hi turi , i didn't know if you were still doing this but curious to know your input . you are driving along and your car breaks down in the middle of nowhere - you do have phone reception and ... pretty much what's been said above . i do this all the time . i'm naturally skeptical of anything highly mainstream . i mean people voted hitler into power so ... definitely me . i was the one in ... natura 11y based on your posts in this thread and the other one you started , i think there are three main options from here . 1 . you keep going to your current gym , carry on as you are and keep ... five is my second closest type in enneagram , and mostly found among mbti introverted and thinking types . i'm not sure i ever mistook myself for a five but i did consider it when i first started ... for anyone needing more information ... while i think in some respects it's easier compared to a romantic relationship , my older sister is infp , and while we were always very alike in some ways , the attention needs / clingy-ness ( i don't ... ironically , it's probably some chauvinistic marketing executive thinking it's the mums that normally buy stuff for kids , but they're feminists , so we'd better cater to the girls as well , twice the ... chad 86tsi as a precursor , i'm 35 , single and have no intention of doing anything constructive about that . i don't crave romantic relationships like other people seem to , and to be honest , my ... for me personally , no . i like practical stuff of course , but that's not all i'd want . i'd be good with the post-it-note in the lunch bag , but not with the work book * . but it's a personal preference ... i've noticed this problem also transfers into my subscribed threads , which are suffering the exact same issue . edit : clicking the most recent post button in the istj rant / rave thread also ... you know , the whole internet introverts are cool idea doesn't help this . i see a lot of people online claiming to be introverts and yet not seemingly understanding what introversion is in the first ... i just went back and read that post . i have no idea what answers you're looking for . some of the questions you ask have already been answered by your wife ( which you acknowledge you need to learn to ... this popped up on my social media today ... 692274 jcal i'm the cat , obviously . duplicate '