' ^ pretty much exactly this , except i often simply cross my legs . if not for that insignificant detail , i probably would have needed assurance that you were not my doppelganger . [ / quote ] this is ... when you are so lost in thought that you wonder why you just opened the door to your pantry , realize that you are going to throw something away , and discover that the thing is the toaster you just ... eku , wku , center , uk , transy ? [ / quote ] nah , murray state university . got into all the private schools , but you can't beat a full ride . i'm also not a fan of big colleges , at least for undergrad . ... live in kentucky , it isn't too bad if you just smile and nod . since i live in a college town it's a bit more liberal ... barely . not much to do if you don't like church gatherings though . i will ... when the made up cutesy words in wicked starts to annoy you ... after about 5 minutes . still enjoyed the production , but my god , confusifying is not a word . here are some examples of my behavior that could explain his actions : my ex had to flat out ask me if we were ever going to go on a date . that's how oblivious i was / am to signs of attraction .  ... i did ! except i might have been 13 , i took it twice for some reason . i either got a 21 and 23 , or two 21s . it's been awhile . my highest was a 30 , took it in another city while i was at a beta ... i'm pretty beast at shooters . decent at rts games that i actually enjoy . my infj friend is amazing at shooters , generally has at least a 1.7 k / d ratio online . i only posted that example because this is a mbti forum , and i figured it would be relevant . there are many other studies out there that don't mention mbti at all and reach a similar conclusion . i ... i'm in that picture ! that's crazy ! i feel like i should say something on topic so here it goes : look for the ones who are so lost in thought that they almost run into things . if they do in fact ... i took this test a bit ago and got true neutral , been in my sig for a while . i got the nickname switzerland in high school because i never picked a side in arguments . i would either point out ... i'm about to rain some cold hard facts on you guys . i apologize if this causes any particular romantic bubbles to burst . here is the summary of a study i found that deals with this subject and ... actually i have had a relationship grow from a close friend . it was a short one ( 3 months ) , but i have no complaints about it at all . i ended it when i felt like i couldn't return her feelings , and ... i never give gifts unless it's someones birthday , a major holiday , or i go on vacation somewhere cool ( ex . hawaii , another country ) . i only have 3 friends i consider close enough , and they do the ... i'm going to agree with everyone saying to ask him . most intps will welcome the directness , and be willing to talk . i have to agree with the poster who made the comment about removing the ... yeah , i don't think my grammar is that great , so i try not to point it out , but i figured it might help in this case . you have to use the powers of will smith carefully , i used a picture of him ... you're probably going to have to come on a wee bit stronger . flirt a bit , maybe some light touching . obviously don't go too over the top , but a little bit more than an increase in attention . you ... i wanted to say this , but posting from my phone requires short and sweet . so thank you for putting it out there . to the op : what's immature is posting on an internet forum and expecting everyone ... ok , to me this sounds like a rant . it's not a big deal , people do it on here all the time . honestly the will smith picture is the perfect representation of what my reaction to reading your post ... if i'm really comfortable with a girl i will do everything that your intp did . i have been asked if i was dating a girl before , when i just figured we were close friends . i get extremely shy ... besides the fact that you're hot , they don't really know anything about you . - further proof that intp's are sexy and mysterious : cool : girls have to approach me like they would a wild animal : slowly and talking to me in a calm voice the entire time . if they make any sudden moves or raise their voice i run away ... at least the ... ever since i can remember i've woken up with the song from winnie the pooh that goes got to get up , got to get goin , gotta meet some friends of mine . stuck in my head . then it switches to winnie ... wow , and my friends call me reclusive . i think the most i've gone is a week over the summer . it was pure bliss while it lasted . :D always makes my day to see another eddie izzard fan . wow ... i almost hope you're trolling . getting into a relationship , playing with them , and then leaving once you've had the experience . that sounds like emotional manipulation to me . from your ... thank you , i try lol . yeah , it seemed like you seemed a little too eager to give up on this girl . i'm not saying you were / are mind you . it just seemed fishy lol . i did / do the same thing when i ... l_lawliet : i constantly view a girl's relationship potential in the extremely long term . this , along with lack of interest in dating , has caused me to have one gf . i dated her going into it ... in colleges in america there are certain classes that every student must take , regardless of major . those are the general education classes that were being referred to in earlier posts . it ... i am also about to start my second year of college , and have recently changed to a psychology major with a chemistry minor . this would allow me to take my medical school requirements , and still get ... the saying only the sith deal in absolutes is an absolute . obi-wan needs to think before he speaks lol . i have a stupid crush on someone who i've just met . she's moving to another state in less than a week , and i won't be able to see her after that . i hate that i rarely get infatuated with a girl , ... eddie izzard is my favorite comedian . look him up , simply amazing . i wish that you didn't have to move a week after meeting me . you're hilarious , quick-witted , and cute . i hate hanging out at malls , especially right before a concert , but you made that trip the ... i was told that i stopped my ex-girlfriend from becoming a lesbian , and restored her faith in men . i thought i was stumbling along in the dark ( it was my first girlfriend ) , but apparently i did ... why yes , i am quoting a post that is almost a year old . this is very true for me though , especially the very last sentence . in high school i would wear blue jeans , or khaki shorts , and ... i'm an intp and i suggest you look at my avatar . i had a similar exchange with a friend of mine . he was going through a rough breakup , and we happened to be discussing personality typing when her name came up . me : you know what her big 5 type ... i understand what you're saying completely . there aren't very many people i know who can keep me on my toes , and let alone keep up , in any kind of witty exchange . either they can't follow my ... i do the same thing . i actually had a classmate kick my backpack because they were obnoxiously yelling my name and i didn't turn around . they thought i was lying when i said i didn't hear them , but ... i'm a hopeless romantic who is hopeless at romance . that just made my day . my first thought was hmm , a declaration of romantic intent form . what a fantastic idea ! i think when i find someone worthy of that form , i will print one out and give it ... in the warmer months i'm generally shirtless and wear loose shorts . in the late fall , winter , and early spring i wear flannel pants and a t-shirt . if i'm sitting down i'm generally under a blanket ... in high school my friends would hide a part of my lunch while talking to me , and see how long before i noticed . it would take a while . i really am just not aware of my surroundings , what's going on ... i do the same thing . what's crazy ( and sad ) is that some girls don't expect to actually be listened to . this amazes me , because i'm pretty sure that listening is a big part of any relationship . my ... i joke around with every girl i'm comfortable with , some call it flirting others don't . if i like you , i'm not comfortable with you and clam up . in fact , if i haven't acknowledged the girl's ... blargh ! i'm a zombie ! there are many things wrong with the above : zombies don't ever say blarg being the main one . in my defense i posted it at like 4 am . i've been flying for the past day , ... about to get in the shower , and wondering why i keep posting right after tarzan . sitting at the denver international airport , waiting to board the plane to hawaii . but more importantly , i'm starving . personal * name - kullen * male location - born and raised in the usa , currently live in kentucky . i went to london , england for a college trip and absolutely loved it . it felt like i was ... '