how to cuddle like you mean it - the oatmeal not even a single fuck was given that day 9224792248 92249 not laugh exactly but they sure do make you smile .   i am not sure about that either but it sure is funny : laughing : 86676   the pros and cons of living with your significant other - the oatmeal misheard song lyrics - round 3 | little white lionlittle white lion come to think of it being with someone has a nice ring to it but somehow i cant shake the feeling of being suffocated so strongly that i can find myself choking , i sometimes envy those who have no ... work first to stop an internet addiction 8150281503 8150481505 81506  why am i listening rather watching it i am not sure : unsure : i am not comfortable sharing cell phone , laptop or my tablet with anyone other than my younger brother as i know he wouldn't wander anywhere i have told him not to , also my apartment , although some ... 80892 80893 80894 scary ultrasounds - collegehumor article 8086680867 i was not standing the way my roommate wanted me to in the first picture hence double shot . 36 weird ways to die i am at loss here having never given one , i might have sent a text to my ex wishing happy valentines day if and when i remembered but that's about it . i don't know what i am feeling right now i guess numb is how i would describe it . thank you . got the news that my grandma passed away today , she was the one who raised me literally and who i can say i love unconditionally but here i am , feeling devoid of any emotion , i suppose i should cry ... * bemused * , ironies of life never fails to humor you if you have the mind that applies strange abstract ideas to situations that happens around you . somehow i laugh a lot it's the smile i have a problem with , every time i go for a smile i see my lips stretching in most bizarre way in my head and then i burst out laughing so it is always outright ... because they are one of the few feminine extravagances i like to indulge myself in . cracked me up : laughing : thinking * be yourself * is the worst advice ever either we don't have a clue of who we are or we choose to be the worst version of ourselves , err people use being themselves as a understandable reason ... the strongly plausible / believable lie is when the liar believes in it himself / herself as it were the absolute truth without turning delusional . why nikola tesla was the greatest geek who ever lived - the oatmeal happy birthday ! ! if i were to consider myself intelligent i probably would have figured the purpose of life by now so i think i come under that * dumb * category . since i am still processing and evolving each day the ... i fluctuate between gemini and cancer . pardon me asking but i am not sure if i understood what you mean please elaborate . if it was a joke i know having to explain it sucks but hey i want to laugh with you they became so intimate , he thought that he could see her soul , utterly frightened he jumped and turned the light on , apparently she still had her neon colored devil t-shirt on . quote by jarod kintz : i somehow i like this guy's absurd humor always gets me laughing in my head . seems i don't know how to smile whenever i try i laugh instead : laughing : every damn time . how many women with menopause does it take to change a light bulb ? - little white lionlittle white lion i am not sure why i remembered your post and when i read this i had to find your post and ... aggravated . imagining analyst from the mortgage department falling from the stairs while i watch . i posted about feeling hungry and you post this ? i feel like jumping from the cliff now . ah sweet torture ! ignorance is tolerable than prejudice . hungry and lazy and anticipation to see which one of them will win . more fun with statues ( 12 pics ) | little white lionlittle white lion