' thanks for all the great answers it means a lot to me :) woooww how long did that take you ? ! thanks i really appreciate long answers , :) i am an enfp . i'm pretty sure of myself now . it's weird , sometimes i feel like such a good person that i feel ... thank you ! :) intj ;) hahah , we are all alike in many ways [ quote = uniquegirl ; 3948765 ] i know i'm not an enfp , but i can't believe how much of this i relate to as an infj . - get lonely at times ( definitely . even though i'm naturally an introvert and very ... haha , i d most of these things , thanks :) wow thank you for the advice ! oh and the paranormal shit , too . i start thinking about what could be lurking in the dark , but usually my neighbors have their lights on outside so i face the window and feel a lot better . sort of . when i get in bed i daydream or think for like 30 minutes . i don't really come up with ideas , mostly think about the past a lot or imagine new things . so i guess new ideas xd hmm , personally as a teenage i don't think i really know what love is . i have has 3 intense crushes , though . one had gone away . i still had one . i never left him i always loved him for 2 years . he ... 5 , 7 , 8 :/ i get irritated really easily . i'm pretty gullible since i trust people dude , that was beautiful . :D you're right . my mom experience horrible things but she's always been the same person , same as my dad . you have to believe in yourself and choose ! follow your conscience ... i have a question . i am happy with myself now . i could be better , but i am happy . apparently my uncle had a personality similar to mine but he completely changed . his values are the same , but he's ... i don't think she's an enfj because i am * possibly * one but i think it has to do with her ocd and she's has a lot of problems in the past i have to put up with it i was just wondering if it had ... haha thank you holly ! :D i . entered the opposites of what i liked and i got istj so i'm an enfp . moderate preference of judging over perceiving it's still uncertain if i am enfp / enfj but thank you :) i also try to find people's mood / thoughts about anything they're doing . like when my dad cleans the house i can't stand to be around him . he acts like he cares about the stuff but he complains out ... well although i'm still wondering if i'm an enfp or enfj * sighs * it depends on the topic . if it is something to do with me personally like insulting me it is pretty easy . if it has to do with my ... just tested again for enfj . weird , i just read the portrait of an enfp and although i have the same motives , i don't hide myself and am not organized or well structured . i do like to make plans , but ... i struggle with fe / fi ... it's hard not knowing which one you are . i think i'll post in this forum , too , to ask people . i'd say whichever one fits you best . :) i'm sorry i didn't really help much thanks for all the great advice ! i've noticed that i am quirky too , in my own way . i just haven't been noticing . xd i'm so bad at types ( still a beginner xd ) but i think you're right . maybe she is either an enfp or esfj but she is definitely emotional and overly sensitive like me but unlike me she shoots it back ... thanks ! i understand now . thank you ! that's very sweet to say . :) it's not so much insecurity , really it is fearfulness . i at times compare myself to others . whenever i get confident , i am weary not to get too confident . i ... 15 . passionate idealistic romantic intense happy funny caring outgoing i would but i'm a teenager and get mistaken for looking younger and i'm a wee bit insecure just tested again for enfj . weird , i just read the portrait of an enfp and although i have the same motives , i don't hide myself and am not organized or well structured . i do like to make plans , but ... i am pretty sure my functions are ti + fe because i can relate to both but i'm still not sure : o im new to all this i stil don't understand the te / ti stuff ( not to sound stupid ) could you explain it to me ? :) you know you're an enfp when you make penciled in plans for the day that you want to follow but end up breaking them while getting completely interested in something else , like discovering this ... the wanderer - you're very smart . i guess i could apply your earlier comment in the entp vs . enfp . i guess i don't fit the exact mold , but have most of the characteristics . thats really true i wish i thought of that : o sarah thanks :) i'm still not sure whether i'm an enfp or enfj . i think i'm a little bit of both , hey do i seem like an enfp or enfj ? usually i test for enfp and am disorganized and messy . i do make plans though and do very much love helping people . i relate to descriptions of both enfp and enfj ... you really don't sound enfp . i think they are happier and more optimistic about the world . i * believe * i am an enfp because i don't have the idgaf attitude and that stuff . but honestly , i think we ... i admire all of you enfp's . you are all quirky and passionate and caring and fun and ugh <3 . anyways , i am pretty sure i am an enfp . i'm not called weird anymore . i think i stopped being weird and ... hmmm that's a good question . i don't know how to categorize them yet and they refuse to take the test . my mom is very religious , and my parents are wwholesome with good values . they protected me , and ... okay , i get along with a lot of people . i am an enfp . :) * pretty sure anyways * i have strong values . i hate it when people are insensitive or judging or critical . my mother , as much as i love her , ... my advice is to let go . you need to tell your mom how you feel , and that she should trust you and it's your life to make . i'm a young enfp and when i grow up i want to start an organization to help ... i personally like fall down 7 times , stand up 8 and you should get the tattoos . if they really are what helps you get through , then you should do it . i really like the quotes too . hey , just because your parents don't like her ... doesn't mean you have to listen . when they get to know her , they might like her . you have to follow your heart . if you really love her , then you won't ... i am in high school right now . i'm a sophomore . :) i transferred from quite a few schools , because i needed more structure ( you know how enfp's procrastinate and are all over the place xd ) . anyways , ... i go for guys like me-funny , passionate , romantic , optimistic , etc . who are working for the same goal as me ... but i want them to be more calm and in control because i can be crazy and unstable at ... you know you're an enfp when you have a million good and bad things on your mind but you still ask your mom every five seconds when she's really busy when she's going to give you ___ idk why , the beginning made my heart race . the end was so sad though :( 7:58 pm - reminiscing on all the stuff i set out to do for the day . still haven't taken a shower , read the 4 chapters i needed to , or exercise . procrastination ! i'm not shy , per say . it's complicated . around certain people ( many ) i can be out loud and fun and not care what anybody thinks . but when i'm around certain people with personalities even bigger than ... and tell me if you're not with friends or at a dance without a date / boyfriend , do you get really lonely ? or write love notes then throw them away ? or get mad when the guy you like has a girlfriend ... hahah thanks ! yay ! i'm so happy i'm an enfp :) i am not that wacky haha but people used to call me weird all the time last year i've really changed though . the only thing i'd say though that goes ... hi guys :) i'm a newbie to this whole personality cafe thing . anyways , i wanted to verify the test ( s ) i took . so i took an enneagram test and i for ( in order ) 4w5 7w8 9w8 . and when i took it to test ... haha , that's funny . : laughing : i just joined today , took the test ( s ) like 5 times and my personality type is usually enfp like 80 % of the time . otherwise , it's enfj ( so not me ) or esfj ? lol , the 16 ... '