' i was only diagnosed with ptsd when i was 15 , after being diagnosed with bipolar and anxiety disorder . after being diagnosed , i was put through intensive therapy and given medication . not much of it ... zim has spoken . earth-stink must listen . : crazy : it's okay . i'll be on a train for approximately four days here in an hour or so . : crying : the bold part there really got me thinking . people who say they despise conflict will often also state that they would fight if they were being personally attacked or offended and felt they had no ... you're contagious , i swear . <-- said to me after convincing someone to do something they wouldn't normally do because i'm so enthusiastic about it that they get that way too . i'm an enfp and i wish that it was sunday afternoon already . four days on a train to move across the country ( again ) isn't my idea of fun . oh , oh ! istj talk ! : laughing : istjs are very interesting , especially on a philosophical level . i enjoy conversing with them , and they're challenging . as i believe some of you have gathered from ... i miss these aspects of the intj the most . there is no measure of how much i miss my intj room mate's intelligence . it seems california is riddled with idiots , or at least the people i'm surrounded ... yeah , i know . in dealings with people who have an introverted preference , i've found that being perceptive of body language and inflections can be very useful in determining whether said person wants ... it is oddly satisfying . i thought i was the only one . : laughing : been there , done that . this is a very prominent reason that i've refused to speak to certain people that i associated with in high school . they seem to swarm to me , asking for advice from me . i give ... and another one joins our side ! world domination is one step closer . :D indeed . on the irritating note that perc posting will not allow me to simply leave it at indeed . , i am forced to add . i have added . whoo ! i like being called allie . it's my favourate nickname . :D i have totally done that ! well , not exactly while on the track . but i have run into poles , people , traffic ... a good book is too ... peta is simple to get rid of . confuse them . ask them the most technical questions about their president / cause / lifestyles . explain , without giving reliable evidence , that everything we eat is ... agreed . every time i see that poster , i start laughing without fail . wonderful ! :) not quite , i would hope . because i'm not domineering unless people are submissive and quiet . i'm talented at complimenting people ( personality-wise and actually complimenting ) . haha . friends it is ... you'll love it ! ... nah , i'm alright . c'mon . it will be awesome . i don't want to . seriously , you have to try it . - physically tries to introduce new movie / item / activity by attempting to force ... my optimism / pessimism issues are still being worked on , but i've been told i can find a silver lining after i freak out and feel hopeless . i'll be panicking and feeling miserably helpless one minute , ... i nitpick , argue , and take pride in correct grammar / spelling . i'm an enfp . also , many web browsers come with a built-in spell checker . it's not too difficult , actually . taking over the world may be a ... the third , fifth , and sixth are usually said to me within five minutes of the movie starting . haha . allie , i miss you . i miss your hugs and silly comments and how you were always willing to ... ... you steal my name , age , most of my personality , three of my mbti letters , and then you make an amazing reference to my favourate action movie involving hot irish vigilantes . allie also approves of ... what rube said . :) oh dear . i'm sorry tooboku . i try to americanize ( please note it pains me to type a z in the stead of an s ) my spelling . i was unaware that it troubled you so . i will , in the future , attempt to ... true , true . see , somewhere in imagineland of the internet and text , the enfp ability to read people and interact accordingly is lost . this gives us a clear disadvantage to understanding the ni at ... anti , dearest . i merely jest . i wasn't meaning to make your humour lose its luster or meaning . matching wit for wit is fun sometimes . as you were joking in your initial post , i was joking with my ... nice save . :) this post would have been very entertaining if i had not been horrified by your inability to use humour when you tried to spell the words from ' you ' to ' read ' . it is mildly insulting to see such an ... your living room would entertain me for hours . design ideas and questions about the comfy chairs , fascination by the chess board and challenging you to a couple games ( i call black ! ) , conversation on ... depends on which area of the world you are from , or how you were raised to spell . i spell properly . valour , favourate , colour , theatre , and realise are so much prettier with their proper letters ... i mildly resent that statement . though i don't blame you . many enfp's tend to annoy intjs when in a bubbly or excited mood . however , there are always exceptions to the rule . i had an intj room ... gatts : there is a great tragedy in our society today , the loss of original thought . too much mass media and internet use have made people sheep . great minds think for themselves . copy and paste ... the world would explode and the universe would reset itself . not necessarily in that order , though . you know you're an enfp when you get awkwardly quiet if your friend says , i hate - insert ... i had a guitar . i know / knew how to play it . i sold it because i can't play it anymore ( arthritis in fingers is painful ) , and i needed money to get across the country to survive . but i can still play ... the lady i'm staying with til wednesday was bragging about her online college professors ( she attends the university of phoenix ) . she was saying that her astrology teacher has a phd in astrology ... - hugs lokkye - :) you cannot be told what love is . you must see it for yourself . oh yes , matrix reference strikes again ! i think my best description of love is this : love is giving ... ... this one scared me . not because of the message or the girl in the bikini . the monster is creepy and scary and ahhh . : shocked :: crying : - hides behind a rock - : unsure : is it gone ... ? because sales people get paid to act warm and happy and friendly . we do it naturally . :) yes , i am . i am high on life and the chemicals a body produces when lack of sleep causes an overdrive function to kick in . adrenaline and such . fun times . i'm an enfp and i haven't slept in 26 or so hours . the strangest thing , though , is that i feel very energetic and not abnormally tired . agreed . homeless people are sooo interesting . they have the most amazing outlooks and stories . :) and jobs are great , until they tell you what to do and stifle your creativity . today , i was arguing with the woman who owns the house i'm staying at ( she and her husband live here too ) about how everyone's planning my life for me and then telling me what's going on after plans ... i am very guilty of this . my sketch books are riddled with drawings and sketches that were started and never finished because i bored of them so easily . i'm glad it didn't end differently , and that you met great people that helped you . i don't think i'd be living if it wasn't for some very dedicated friends and a few interventions from said friends ... i was bullied terribly as a child . i don't mean the occasional teasing or that one kid on the play ground that bullies everyone . i was the kid in school everyone teased . i was , as one of the bullies ... hm . i've learned that arguing with an intj about something they ' know ' everything about tends to piss them off . tired enfp + irritated intj + being alone in the apartment = disastrous results . ... that's a much more appropriate list for an intj . your list mirrors that of my former intj room mate . he was awesome , though slightly strange . he would give me odd looks for listening to certain songs ... this ... this made me laugh . i got strange looks from people in the next room . xd cleanliness is a pet peeve for you ? goodness gracious , what a strange intj you are . : shocked : i do assume that you listed these things because they were important to you , not annoy you ... no , allie ! don't put that in your mouth ! <-- usually after i try to eat something very bright and colourful . though i'm not clinically diagnosed with bpd , i am diagnosed with bipolar nos ( not otherwise specified , which means they don't know how else to describe it ) , anxiety disorder , and ptsd ( post-traumatic ... '