' hahaha that's awesome . i don't understand istj's either . obvious things aren't obvious , it seems , but they're good at math from my experience . one of my pet peeves is people trying to tell me what they think i should do when i'm not asking them for help at all . especially when i just met the person not long ago . and especially when i barely ... why do people not care about each other ? i'm not talking about people in their families , that's a different topic . but like stranger to stranger , people can be so careless and i don't like it . they ... just noticed that i look sad in all the pictures i've been in lately . hmmm ... i can't think of anything particularly gross that i did . but my little sister loved swimming so much she used to dunk her head in the toilet . that was exciting . yay fabi i can understand you better and better now . so the whole ibbur concept looks like one soul needs another souls to do some sort of action while in the flesh . so whatever they're aiming to ... * * if everything else infj resonates with you , then you are infj . example : they say that infjs are extroverted introverts , and that's not me . not at all . and sometimes i have good advice for ... by the way the op described it , sort of . i more like observe other people and am just aware of their actions and i act accordingly . if they seem like there's no real intent on being friendly then ... this thing has happened to me before with someone who was supposed to be my best friend . she's an enfj . she kept saying over and over again that she wanted to hang with me . i was the only one that ... i always thought that when i'd reached this point in my life , it'd feel different . but nothing feels like how i imagined it to feel . all the more reason to jump in and experience things for what they ... she could just be stressed and as a way to deal with it she moves backwards to how things used to be , and that could comfort her for a time . on the other hand , if someone really cares about you ... i relate to this too . good at coming up with little bits of wisdom then forgetting to actually do them . i find that over time , all these thoughts of wisdom do come together at some place in my mind ... just off of memory and knowing myself , the words of affirmation was a point or two above the quality time . physical touch is at the bottom . : hug : it's the journey , not the destination ! no really it kind of is about the destination , haha . i find the playful flirting that happens between most everyone to be annoying at times . sometimes it's so ... about the eye contact thing - - when i'm getting used to someone , i might not make as much eye contact because when i do , oh my words will get lost because my attention will be on the eyes . when i'm ... precious ! thank you :) ooh hello ! i wish it were saturday already , haha . hey guys , it's friday night and i'm a bit lonely . i haven't been active on here the past few months so i wanted to pop in and say hi . there's lots of users i don't recognize , so hi ! i like to get ... i don't know if this is the biggest piece i'd like people to know , but just something i've been thinking about lately . the first few encounters you have with someone pretty much sets the stage for ... hmmm interesting . i'm not sure where we'd come from , exactly . there was probably more of us when people started making headway in psychology and such . i think a part of personality is what we're ... heh when one of your old threads comes back from the dead . again . thank you all so much for your responses so far . they've all helped me to see what i need to do . so far i'm distancing myself more , but i'm probably going to have to speak with him face to face , ... hey guys , i ’ m having trouble deciding if i want to start a long-term relationship with this guy . we met while working over the summer and got along really well from the start , i felt a magnetic ... i try to most of the time . in person i usually see if the person is still paying attention . if by some miracle they are then i'll keep going to a point , but i probably won't get as far as if it's ... i always try to stay in context and to the point when answering questions . sometimes more detail is needed like when helping someone out with a particular situation . other times it's just fun to talk ... why do i always attract enfjs ? they're like i just want you to be happy , which melts my heart , but hello - - i can sense their subtle manipulation even if they can't . there's a few parts i think to yourself . there's what others know about you , what you know about you , what you don't know that others know about you , and there's what you know about you that others ... ok i'm over here because infjs don't really respond to things unless they have an earth shattering revelation come to them . plus i like the entp perspective . so should i go out with someone who i've ... a lot of the time mannerisms are inherent end from family and the people we grew up around . when we learn to walk it's generally from our parents and as a kid , we'd try to mimic their movements . from ... oh great , you guys are just as confused as i am . he was verbally friendzoning me in the beginning , maybe because he had a girlfriend then . he was still flirting a little at that point though . i was ... so theres this dude i've been talking to for a while , mentioned him before on this thread , and we've been texting each other every.single.day for the past 2 and a half months or so . anyways , i can ... hey , that's what i do best ;) . yeah i've had that happen several times . one was with this girl who said we'd be best friends forever . didn't even last a year . after distance started to settle in , she reconnected saying she wanted ... and then i turn and wonder why i can't bond with my roommates : numbness : yes , exactly ! i don't want to start over and make new friends when i already have a few good friends back home . especially him . and yeah maybe i can't see potential friends because he's here ... alright , so i'm kind of on this thread to sort of vent about this and mostly gather my thoughts . plus i know some people like to read this crap in their spare time so all the better , and input is ... i'm tired of meeting new people . i know there are numberless opportunities to do so , but it's tiring . i'm just ready for someone to stay . i don't need more acquaintances . i want to continue the ... oh trust me - - when you start dating you'll still be trying to figure out how you got there . some things just happen that you can't predict or replicate . at least that's how it happened for me . same . except i start next week . for the most part just be there for me and try your best . if i can see that then it's good . i know that it's almost like walking around eggshells when you're with an infj because we're such ... i do relate a lot with that article . i'll just say that i rarely find anyone attractive ( or crushworthy ) by just simply looking at or observing them . i don't care about the tall guys with big ... it's kind of like i'll just be talking and they'll be getting to know me , then i just start saying small things and i realize they're interested in what i'm saying and i keep going in more depth ... so i have a question , this isn't a specific situation , just in general . i tend to not open up very fast to people . but , if i get comfortable with them and i can sense they like me , then i open up way ... so confused , so confused , so confused . oh how come i have no idea what's happening . why'd you have to look at me that way ? i think she'll understand if you tell her you don't want it , she told you she doesn't want it now . you can still try to be ( long distance ? ) friends , but like you said , you'll go to college soon and ... it's like a tennis match , if he does something you need to do something back or else it might seem like you're not interested . you could definitely try on fb . the best part about that is you don't ... yeah maybe . people often tell me i'm a pretty chill / cool person every so often . i'd like to think i'm cool :) . '