' can relate bro 100 % cause they know how to play on / appeal to your emotions to get you to like them more . of course , that's an honest opinion . if you wanted the watered down , casual version it'd be something more like ... interesting , i'm an intj ( te ) and i can't relate to saying exactly what i'm thinking or wanting to control other people's actions without taking other people's feelings , thoughts , etc into ... yes , they can be extremely critical and even vicious towards those who they feel have wronged them . trust me , i've seen feelers get angry and i've seen thinkers get angry and i can tell you from ... effy , you need to cool it a bit if you want to remain posting on my threads . i'm not okay with the condescending way you're treating some of the other members on this thread . please calm down or ... please explain your reasoning and how you reached your conclusion . thanks ! please explain your reasoning ( use examples ect ) . thanks all . if so , why ? explain your reasoning . also , explain how you feel about this . explain your reasoning . also , explain how you feel about this . explain your reasoning . it's you're opinion that there's nothing wrong with it , but i can certainly see where you're coming from . i disagree , i think you're intolerant of those different from yourself , as i've come to notice many feeling types to be . you expect others to behave like you because you try really hard to act a ... i think we should destroy the concept of santa , or any system in place for that matter that promotes the deluding of the youth or lying to them of course being born a certain way doesn't necessarily define you for life . not sure where you got that notion that i believe that to be the case from aaah , i see . so you think that because you contributed something positive to the forum it's now your job to go around and moniter everybody elses posts to make sure they fit your idea of what a post ... i don't see how you could simultaneously be deluded and open about things . they seem to contradict one another . no , you must not have read my previous responses to your posts . i think that having to be hypervigilant about your self-monitering because you're scared of being seen for what you are is in a way ... what makes you think it was just one ? that's sad man , don't you have anything better to do with your time ? so you think if someone is born with no legs and no arms there is nothing disadvantaged about them ? bigoted ... yes you're a bigot , mate . i'm done conversing with you . what do you mean by open about it ? no i never said that . i think feelers are adept at managing sensitivity and emotion , but i see it as a paranoid reaction to their own insensitivity . they don't want to risk coming off as insensitive , ... sounds like a bunch of watered-down , politically correct hullaballoo wow , you just said feelers are more self aware than thinkers on average ? what a joke . i disagree with both of those statements . precisely , they're less ashamed of these qualities in themselves , even if it's hurting others . it just plain doesn't bother them . facepalm .. i was being sarcastic ... nice well at least you're aware of it , its good that you can recognize that in yourself do you have something in particular against unintelligent people ? nah , you're just less conscious / in control of how you come off to people , its an unconscious thing i think . lol you got me there man i realize that my argument is very sound lycanized , but you can still respond if you want to . keep a steady grip , make cream just like ready-whip , ready with , styles that's the deadliest , cats on that petty shit , watch how much led he git - big daddy kane you aren't exactly the ... her legs and what i'd like to do to her body parts if i could if it was one person who hurt me once , i would see no reason to post about the downfalls of the feeling temperament . this is a reaction to thebehavior i've consistently observed and read about in ... so your argument is that reaching conclusions based on facts and logic is just as biased as reaching conclusions based on emotions in the moment and how you ' feel ' ? are you sure you wanna continue ... i don't believe that , i'm sorry . you're entitled to your own opinion l . no , it doesn't require one to feel deeply to be emotionally biased . that is just plain untrue . let's take someone who's biased against the possibility that others could have more skill than ... i want to be allowed to admit that i have sexual urges without being made to feel like there's something wrong with me for having them in my opinion , deep down , thinkers are surprisingly sensitive , to the point we feel guilty when other people experience hardship . we beat ourselves up over percieved wrong-doings and fear a loss ... i actually agree with you there . feelers are surprisingly selfish when you get beneath the surface . they just present themselves in a way where its hard to see it . opposite of thinkers who appear ... look , im not saying every single feeler is this way , im just saying that if you are indeed a feeler , than this sort of ' biased thinking and behavior is far more likely to be a part of you . feelers ... so explain to me how having more emotional biases makes one more sensitive . wouldn't it be the other way around ? does it not require sensitivity to see the negative impact of your biases and thus ... '