' okay , i meant to create this thread here but i accidentally created it somewhere else , so i'll just copy and paste it here . hello everyone , it's been a long time since i've visited this forum . i ... hello everyone , it's been a long time since i've visited this forum . i have something on my mind , and i'd like to hear ( read ? ) your thoughts on the matter . well , let's start from the beginning ... i usually tune on a jazz radio station and let it play , but when i want something specific i always go for bill evans or miles davis . their music is beautiful and relaxing in a whole other level :) jazz . lots and lots and lots of jazz . i listen to jazz music along the day too and it helps me to cheer up , but it's also the only fail-proof remedy for me to sleep . also , meditation and a ... i've actually started studying to become a filmmaker this year . i can't really think of myself doing anything else as a job , i think i can say it's my dream . i have high hopes and high excpectations ... her . and it sucks . well , i consider myself a very social person even though i'm infp ( introversion is my weak letter ) , but to make friends , real friends ... that's something that really takes a while . one of my ... i was talking with three girls i've recently met at the university , all intx's , when one of them ( intj ) mentioned the myers briggs theory and the mbti . we began to talk about the subject and she said ... i'm really sick of this bad habit of mine of keep recalling only the stupid / bad things i've said during the day . if i say 99 things that make people smile or laugh with me and one little thing that ... i'd like to live in a city that never sleeps . full of young people with young minds and ideas , full of places to go and stuff to do . pubs , cafes , whatever , i'd just like to be sure there would always ... i'm a buddhist , and i believe that the world we experience is nothing but a illusion of the senses . only with evolution and control of our minds we can experience true reality . that means that ... it's because we're green and our shells are cool as hell and we live like forever very , very anxious ! i'm going to start studying something i wanted all my life , but it only starts march 12th . i don't know what i'm going to do to occupy my mind until then ! that's perfect , haha :) i'm a gemini . the description of my sign is most likely one of an entp . but again , rising cancer . i'm never really sure if i believe this stuff or not . i always wanted a nf friend myself , btw . all of my close friends are nt's , it's cool most of the time but there are subjects that i just can't talk about with them =/ an infp invinting an enfp to a party ? now that's new , lol . but seriously , it's always such an awesome thing for an infp to find someone that they can relate and have as a really good friend . when ... this is how it works you're young until you're not you love until you don't you try until you can't you laugh until you cry you cry until you laugh ... lol , that must be really , really cute to see . don't think it would work for me , having such a low voice :P i think rawring or mooing ( like yoyocita said ) would suit me better , hahaha yeah , not often but i do . it's funny , two years ago i would laugh at your face if you told me i would start drinking and smoking . i'm not worried about it at all , though . i'm really not as worried ... diamondeyes body language - what you need to know , by david cohen i once read a book on body language that said that when a stranger keeps eye contact and smiles it is probably a sign of interest . the normal reaction of person who doesn't like the other is to look ... yeah , i suppose . i'm pretty good at logical and rational stuff , and i have a great interest in science ( astrophysics mainly ) . of course , if i would feel much more comfortable in a academical career ... wow , i'm really surprised there aren't many gothic horror fans among infps . those stories are very dark , emotional and tragic , just like most infps i know :P if you still haven't read mary ... i think the message is that you can't predict who you'll fall in love with . we love to create all those perfect people in our minds , but then out of the blue we are starting to like someone who's ... the love chronicle , by arnaldo jabor nobody loves the other person because of the qualities they have , otherwise the honest , kind and non-smoking would have a line of interested people knocking ... i respect your opinions , and i don't know how different it is for boys and girls , but ... sincerely , i think having all those high standards can often be a harmful attitude . if you keep a tunnel ... some music from brazil ! this song's lyrics are really beautiful . they're based on a true story about a homeless man who wandered the streets of ... so , i ran into this image some months ago , saved it and left it to rot in a folder , but today i found it and realized it's pretty interesting.http :/ / www.viruscomix.com/gotes.jpg i wanted to know ... 1 . gemini 2 . nothing worth mentioning , i guess . a bit of this , a bit of that , nothing really serious . placebo , always placebo . if i had to choose , i would say mary shelley's frankenstein i love the all the madness , darkness , immorality and chaos in the gothic horror story , and frankenstein is my favorite novel of the ... hey guys , i just need to get some things off my chest and i don't feel like talking about it to anyone else , so ... how can i start ... well , to put it simply , i'm graduating from high school this ... p 91 % f 60 % n 59 % i 57 % well , if we take on account small imprecisions of the test , i guess i am simply a daydreamer . i always knew i had strong p and weak i , lol lol , that was funny i've noticed that many people here are not from english-speaking countries , so what about we show some bands and singers that sing in our mother language ? of course , it would be nice if we post the ... some brazillian pop rock from the 80 ' s :) i was just wondering , do you fellow infps drink alcohol ? if you do , how do you behave when you're drunk ? i just got really drunk for the first time last week , at my best friend's birthday party , ... get me away from here , i'm dying belle & sebastian ooh ! get me away from here i'm dying play me a song to set me free nobody writes them like ... i really like infpatty . i was so sad when i heard she would stop posting videos :( major depression : high dysthymia : moderate bipolar disorder : high-moderate cyclothymia : high seasonal affective disorder : very slight postpartum depression : n / a that's not a good result :( the smiths - please , please , please let me get what i want all the feelings i keep deep inside boil and fight for freedom every time i listen to the smiths i really suck at talking . i usually talk too fast or too low , so i end up having to repeat what i want to say several times , and it only makes me even more nervous . writing is just so much better , ... mine is from tim burton's first stop-motion , vincent . abacrombie is the name of vincent's ( horrible zombie ) dog . i actually feel kinda bad whenever i achieve some power , be it a large sum of money or a lead role in any social situation . i feel better staying on the backstage and not letting people know about ... you find out it's someone's birthday via facebook , but you don't send a happy birthday message because you spend too much time thinking how to write a really special birthday message , and when you ... well if this is accurate then i'm definitely an infp . i don't have any close infj friend though , so i not familiar to the type . damn , i feel exactly the same way . is there something bothering you ? no , dad , i'm fine . really ? cause you should really tell me if there's something wrong it's okay , there's nothing wrong . is just that you've been so ... oh , i really have to this this one of these days . sounds like a really spiritual experience . '