' anyone wearing a ski-mask and / or carrying a gun . otherwise i remember that , at some point , every person on earth was a drooling toddler wearing a diaper and tripping over their own feet ... just like ... some guys are nice , others are not . some people like nice guys , others do not . life is one big grey area and any attempts at a black & white statement inevitably brings out disagreeing sides . when it ... but can he dance ? it sounds like you're friends with napoleon dynamite . i would consider that a win ! especially if you're ever around tainted milk :) there are very few surprises at home , so i go out as much as possible ( despite the fact that it drains me to do so ) . i know home is always there for me as a sanctuary when i need to recharge , but i ... as long as it's safe and consentual , it's just sex ... there's always a danger that one person develops unrequited feelings for the other , but if both are honest and up-front it can just be a lot ... this may sound odd , but keep an open mind . many people used to tell me to hang out where like-minded people would be . pretty obvious , right ? but what i started doing was hanging out where the people ... this will probably answer few ( possibly none ) of your questions , but i feel compelled to type it anyway . apologies in advance :) the best dates / partners i've ever had all came when i stopped ... today my girlfriend bribed me into going to costco . acquisition = new coffee travel mug cost = the little piece of my soul that dies every time i set foot in costco worth it :) i've never asked . most people just offer . i've been very fortunate because i would probably have a hard time asking . try writing please provide me with a reference at the bottom of a box of ... yes ! anyone who has a job , yet says no to the offer , clearly has a more enjoyable career than i . think about the countless hours spent trudging through work for an equal amount of money ... and ... the trick is to learn how to quickly organize your thoughts in a single deep breath - a breath you take before responding to anyone during a conversation . i used to stutter as a kid because my mind ... if you can't be sincere , at least be quiet . i'm with angelexterminadora . i hold no expectations of anyone else , so they can't possibly disappoint me - this , in turn , makes me not worry about disappointing others . should i really stress out ... just missed your deadline . sorry . i hope it all works out for you . i'm sure he won't be pleased - but if he really appreciates you , he'll understand . good luck ! cape breton is gorgeous ! especially in the fall ... my sister lived on vancouver island for a few years . it was the most jealous i've ever been of her . victoria seemed like my kind of city - warm , ... one of the few constants in life is that people will behave stupidly and irrationally and in their best interest , 99 % of the time . one you accept that everyone behind the wheel of a car will be a ... all canadian coasts are beautiful ... right ? :) granted , newfie weather sucks , but the people here make up for it ... i live in a culture where everyone addresses each other with some sort of affectionate colloquial greeting . i can't even go through the tim hortons drive-thru without being called my love or ... bears , because they're furry blood-thirsty forest ninjas . sharks , because they're like water-bears . bats , because ... well ... no real reason other than their creepy little bat mouths . upon ... confounded great advice ! and bonus points for using the word phlegmatic :) mintyphoenix sounds like it's time for you to break-free and be your own person . i know , that sounds cheesy , but it's ... a multi-faceted issue , no doubt , but i don't see how advertising / media is a symptom and not a part of the problem . please elaborate - this point of view sounds interesting . edited for spelling : ... i love my girlfriend when she wears no makeup whatsoever , or if she has an inch of it on her face - she's beautiful either way . and we've lived together long enough for me to know the difference ... i believe you . if you dated george costanza , the elephant man isn't a big stretch :) without sarcasm , the world would be a better place if there were more people like you ... i think that hdr is overused and often unnecessary , but with the right application it can have a strong impact . but that's just me . i don't necessarily view photos for their journalistic integrity . ... if i'm crazy excited over something , i usually get to it right away . if it's just meh i wait until the very last minute in an effort to force excitement through a fast approaching deadline . i like ... i vaguely recall this thread appearing on the estj forum . most people assumed the relationship wouldn't work , but i felt that it was very judgmental to assume a relationship won't work because of ... while i empathize with the consistent public persona , i'm not sure why it's causing you to feel empty or confused . as long as you understand the real you , and are comfortable with who you are , then ... if two people ask a favor of me , one says please and the other doesn't , guess who gets my help ... if i appreciate it being said to me , others will appreciate it being said to them . because of ... i don't think i would ever use the phrase give too much . yes , i give a lot in terms of what the op described , but saying too much feels like i am expecting something in return and am not ... focus on the present , look towards the future , let the past be your compass . don't hide from regret - it gives you character . once i embraced where i've been , the rosey memories of the good ... i can get that you might not have reacted to your cousin . something like that would have taken me by surprise , and i would be left relatively speechless . however , my first reaction would have been to ... i took an intro to symbolic logic in my second year of university . it helped a lot . introduction to symbolic logic i also find it helps to be as efficient as possible with my ... i rarely rely on others , but sometimes the situation is unavoidable . i go out of my way to never ask for help when possible . i enjoy the self-satisfaction that come with a job-well-done , and that ... again , i feel like i might be on the outside of common opinion here : 1 . not always emotional . usually physical . sex and intimacy are different beasts that i tend to separate . 2 . yes and yes . i ... i'm not sure i could ever quit . i've never had the desire . cigarettes make most of life's pleasures even better . that first smoke after eating ... heaven . good for you though ... you're a stronger ... apocalypse based fiction ! i know it's sad because humanity is near extinction , but there's something very zen about survival being the sole reason for living life . i can't imagine i'm the only one on ... tim's borders on religion for some , so i bet you're getting great experience :) i enjoy that there's so much noise . it's a great distraction from my own thoughts . without the noise i would never get any rest . silence bores me ... if you're looking for insight and similarities , you've come to the right place . this place is over-flowing with helpful people . no matter what your situation , someone here is in the same boat . ... communications coordinator with a charitable non-profit . yeah , that's specific enough :) it can work . let's not forget that the relationship is between two people that aren't necessarily the written-in-stone embodiment of a personality type . i had a 3 + year relationship with an estj ... more than any other , this thread gives me that warm feeling that comes with a collective experience . this forum is my little secret . i'm glad i'm not the only one :) you guys really are awesome ! i read this other thread started by you : becoming a chef is probably the right choice . if i felt like that ... this thread is a self-contained narrative of awesomeness ! just the right mix of mystery , foreshadowing , and closure . i love it . nothing against mei , as i don't know the story , but starting a ... these threads crack me up . other than obvious things like must not eat puppies i never have a mental checklist of requirements for the people i date . everyone has redeeming qualities and ... if lazing around and playing video games makes you happy , you shouldn't feel like it's unproductive . time spent smiling is never wasted :) if it were me - and i'm strictly speaking for myself here - i would keep the job and try to adjust as much as possible until i succeeded . i was always extremely introverted and anxious , and social ... i confused tom with chris and thought this thread was going to be about your vigilante internet predator catching exploits . ha ha . oops . i would perpetually project personality traits onto ... we're not always accustomed to opening-up so much so fast , which is usually what happens when you quickly fall for someone new . my natural reaction in past experiences was similar to yours . i ... '