' god ... i don't mean to sound narcisstic but there seems to be so many wish fulfillment self insert people in this forum esp intuitive that seem to have this thing were all the types are simply ... my taste in gaming in a nutshell . ( i just released this today too ! ) just for fun . even though we cannot possibly type a silent protagonist as they are a blank slate by the player why not type them based off the types of games they are in ? for example link might be an ... actually i find shulk an intp . his quotes at the beginning and his need to analyze things and pretty much cautious demeanor seems like that of an intp process he seems to use a lot of logical ... so far i'm only familiar with persona 4 so i'll tell my character choices for thus . and my opinion for the most part is very different from most . ( because i use the cognitive functions and not ... you do realize i'm simply playing along with this thread devil's advocate style and i either don't believe or greatly exaggerate everything i'm saying . i see you have little knowlegde of cognitive functions . i can judge i simply do not feel the need to enforce my judgements on the world . at least not most of the time . i don't know . i simply seek it ... but better to seek truth even if one can never find it , then simply give up . in a sense i could accuse other people of not ever getting things done from an ... i understand plenty . the joy of discovering what and how things work is the most magical feeling on earth . my idea of fun is simply different from yours . plus it's doesn't lead to a false sense of ... at least i use logic and i try to search for absolute truth rather then give up trying . you seem to get some kind of vision and go on a quest to see it light . i further no agenda other then a need to ... so do you like magic because it allows great power with little effort , or does absolute truth scare you ? how does one get away with having an imagination and be an idealist at the same time anyway ? i myself am both a high functioning autistic and an intp which seem to go well together . however not a depressed person . still find it interesting that the most seemingly cold and mysterious type ... i agree it can't be proven in a strictly scientific method sense , but i find it more logical then the universe not being a simulation . also i would think it's would be the perfect simulation if ... that is literally how i see the universe ! and to me it's one of the reasons i believe in god . intelligence is not simply a knowledge of a large set of facts . it is technically the ability to use technical critical thinking . one does not increase or decrease this level by knowing stuff . higher ... there is no such thing as pseudo-intelligence there are simply different levels of intelligence ! can you say a more specific song from that band ? 5 though i don't trust ennagram as much as i trust mbti . i know a thing or two about enneagram but i'm not an expert like i am the jungian cognitive functions . but you see the enneagram measures more external behavior while the mbti measures more absolutes ... i wasn't so much asking what your day is like . but how you process things in your day . and how use of your functions influences on what you believe and how you behave . i can be good at drawing but my intp need for perfection and accuracy makes it more stressful then it's worth . when i draw i like to keep in mind the ideas behind the drawing and how much the ... okay well can you give examples of how you go through a day and how your process of seeing and evaluating the world fits into the profile of an intp . ( not a stereotype but more how and why rather then ... when you are in the process of designing a role-playing game based off the cognitive functions . and you use mathematical formula's to decide the stats and abilities . ( including trying to ... so you know about each type has a different order of cognitive functions of ti , te , fi , fe , ni , ne , si , and se ? ( i find that more helpful then then simply e / i p / j model . are you familiar with the concept of cognitive functions ? entp and intp's might be able to use their inventiveness to survive but physically they may or may not be able . ( even if they are physically able they may not have the skill and dexterity course that ... an intp female ! yeah ! ! ! i've never met one before . ( i just joined here myself . ) plus i don't meet intp's almost at all in the real world . welcome to the forums . now feel free to be my test subject ... when you try to use stats to categorize and represent everything in life and see the world as a giant computer simulation . ( course ne is a good helper to that . ) i'm not sure if this poll is about which ones are most likely to lie . ( if that is the question then it depends on the motives each type would be tempted to lie for different motives . ) in terms of ... for some reason i don't meet much intj's in the real world . i imagine talking to one online would be fun . when nobody in the real world thinks you have any fun . ( and you can't see why they think what they do is any fun . ) sup ... most of us are pretty nice , even the hard headed t types . personally i find infp's one of the most interesting types to talk to . ( i haven't met much intp's ) i'm new here to , but i already ... basically similar to my super powers thread i'm going to based what different types ideas of fun might be in relation to use and position of cognitive functions . te - idea of fun involves ... personally i'm friends with lot's of infp's and they are amazing in their sense of imagination and love of inner life . they always have amazing conversations . ( oddly enough i don't meet much intp's in ... well often times certain functions are somewhat universally attractive such as the fun-loving sensual se or the nurturing happy to see you fe . ( when it's not shunning you for not syncing with ones ... i say s types are the most mainstream because there are more s types . after that j's are slightly more common then p's . so sj's and then sp's to a degree . in terms of behaviors fe types are often the ... it's not so much introverts get energy from being alone , they get energy from focused contemplation or quality over thought over quantity and when being overstimulated by multiple things they can't ... i know that . i was poking fun at myself . i'd say in most atmospheres the esfj . simply because in populations there are a lot of them and they have a social , super feminine nature . i'd say that esfp's and estp's also factor into that for a ... i came for interesting conversations , but what inspired me to join was when i read the superpowers based off personality thread i face-palmed and said no your doing it wrong ! and then gave my two ... there is a difference between asshole and emo . i joke but yes i understand we intp's come across as pretentious little pratts . i can see how fi can lead to depression but i don't think fi is an ... the ideals would determine more the characteristics of the summons . and ideals would be based off the 8 elements . ( fire is symbolic of something etc etc . ) fe is based off the person themselves ... well in terms of character interaction humor i find the arrogant , pretentious know-it-all a hilarious bad-ass in the same way a lot of people find the estp cocky ladies man daredevil type person ... okay here are how the cognitive functions work in use of elemental attributes . te : exerts a certain amount of force / power / energy to do a certain move more raw power but less percision . ti : use ... i'm a little confused . i simply against treated stereotypes as hard immovable facts as oppose to flexible generalizations . actually there are other types that are even more likely to be atheist . i'm confused a bit on what you appear to be upset about . i agree that a large part of intp population is an atheist . but the things about stereotypes is at least at one point in time there was truth ... my mind is made like a computer web browser one things links logically to another , as well as a comprehension of how things relate to each other and person space . i'm also always do math and ... here is a stereotype . intp's are atheist . ( i'm an intp and i believe in god . ) '