' on internet iq tests , i come up all over the place . my younger brother was formally tested once upon a time , though , so i figure i'd score similarly . the test broomhead linked to agrees , fwiw . 140 . better . you kinda fade off at the end of a note / line of words , though . that works sometimes , but mostly you should maintain your volume right to the end . sometimes add a little punch of more , even . hide it , no . improve . your articulation in particular , i think . i like how smoothly you lapsed in and out of english . what has chemical alterations to do with it ? if you want to be closer to god , make the journey with your own feet . well , i was seeing a fellow intj for a while , so i got a fairly brutal evaluation . the phrase ice queen came up a lot . like it was some kind of problem or something ... i still choose to believe you look like that watercolor painting you had for an avatar a while back . having accumulated 6 months of data , i can say that i'm not yielding without a fight . he frequently says that i'm about the only person who stands up to him . and , to be fair , he's one of the few ... * dumps the rest of the bag of hugs over you * unties drawstring on the bag and wild hugs burst out ! halp ! they got me ! they - - oh , this's kinda nice ... never mind ... pokes bag ... hope this helps . things that definitely do appear clingy / needy to intjs ( chime in please , folks ): * making me say the same things over and over , such as reassurances that i like you . * ... 1 . his quick responses and willingness to meet are standard intj i'm interested signals . so are his apparent comfort with you being physically close . anything more than that gets into individual ... i'm an even-keeled person as well - - difficult to offend , clear-headed in emergencies , etc . i don't express emotions often but when i do it's usually negative feelings . some of my relationship ... argh ! snorgles ! :P counterattack with tickling ! ok , i've been practicing my spontaneous hug skillz on exfx-type people , here goes ... : frustrating : ( arms open ) i have gotten used to repeating myself to some degree because yes , i'm quite guilty of mumbling and low volume . doesn't mean i like it , but i do want to be heard . explaining myself is irritating in ... beg pardon ? i collect boytoys . and i knit , do yoga , go clubbing ... it's not directly your fault , since it sounds like everything / body is driving him crazy ... yeah , that technically includes you but if you're the one he can open up to then you are doing more good ... i came to my se relatively late , having been intimidated by sensory overload and hated my body for most of my life ( i'm fat . ) my own discomfort and lack of control got to me in the end , though , and i ... it's not easy , and no , intjs don't instinctively know how to deal with feelings . it's very much a learned skill . ( i'm older , i've put in the work . ) i agree , it sounds like he's wrestling with ... i hear you on that , it's a tempting option in many situations . well , it's not # 3 . if he didn't care , he wouldn't make an effort to interact with either of you . whether it's # 1 or 2 , or a muddled ... if there really is attraction between the two of you and you cool off a bit , chances are he will file it away with a question mark attached and you can come back to that ... topic ... in a few weeks or ... he'll keep for a while . don't lose touch with him . : tongue : y'all are crazy - - mr . meepers is a top-notch cuddler . tackle him , for crying out loud . lovely fireworks for one night , and then it's best to go full no-contact , lol . all right , all right . not a death stare : 108938 a friend asked the classic are you a robot ? and wanted proof of humanity . to quote the bard : if you prick us , do we not bleed ? 108258 so true , so true ... : frustrating : yes , that's how ni goes . hang on and enjoy the ride ! :) aww ... : - * mimesis woohoo ! victory lap and i did it almost entirely within the relationships subforum ! : laughing : i've been flirting with a fellow intj on okcupid . he found my blog and said something terribly sweet ... intjs do this too ... i tend to wake up in strange contortions because of my two cats hogging the bed . i'd read my textbooks cover to cover in the first few days of school and doodle for the rest of the year . mostly sat alone in a corner of the playground during recess , but there were a few years that ... mom's an istj . i've always gotten along decently with my mother , though i find her a bit rigid . she's great for second opinions . i confess that sometimes it seems like the world is full of puppies and i'm the only rational , intelligent being around . it might sound like a bad thing , but just when i'm completely exasperated with ... i loved how when clooney first climbed back into the soyuz capsule you totally bought it as possible just because of his personality . yes , it is ! such a strange , light feeling ... even in my feet ... i don't mind not having a car , and even smiling at the bus driver . is this that cheerful thing that people talk about ? big ... he's moving out . finally . packed a bag , took the car and left . i don't mind being alone in the house , of course - - i've got two cats and a dog for company - - and now i can clean it . 15 years i've ... whimsical , yet precise . perfect . you seriously believe that men are the primary targets of those industries ? as an aging , nerdy fat woman , this is hilarious . obviously the cosmetics , fashion , and dieting industries will collapse any day now . 21 . odd , but not diagnosably . ps . yeah , him and firehose in the same sentence , take that however you like . gutter-brains . you ain't wrong , but you're still gutter-brains ... a fount of artistic inspiration , though in his case it's more of a high-pressure firehose . needed to say this somewhere : i've never had a muse before .  ... it's freaking terrifying , u200bbut glorious at the same time . oh , come on ! you have to tell us what beats tolkien sumo tentacle porn ! rcoei , primary type is reserved . i've put some effort into being more sympathetic and sensitive to others , but apparently it doesn't show up in the testing . '