' i guess i was curious about the modus operandi of an estp whenever s / he is doing this particular kind of bob and weave . jesus , get out of my head ! it's as if you read my mind ! my so always gives me gifts in cash whenever possible , she knows i like to research and buy my gear alone . can anyone shine a light on an issue that's been bothering me ? if an estp , in this case trump always avoids an issue , goes silent when asked , answers with cookie cutter statements and generally ... i found it very difficult to graduate ( some of the courses were real difficult , had to brute force them ) but in the end i was happy to have made it trough . i've just read this ny times piece and jason everman struck me as istp dunno if he's already mentioned in this thread : sébastien loeb - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia badass , he's got the devil may care smirk always on . esfjs thrive on verbal communication and rapport . relationships are essential for them and they are seldom alone ( when they do , they get morose very soon ) , thinking ( something we istps do very well , ... the portrait of my previous relationships , except they were the ones dumping me because i can't fathom not being with you 24/7 ... pretty good shape , actually . a lifetime of ( high school and collegiate ) rowing helped a lot : those ergometer sessions and grisly winter runs did wonders for my physique and self esteem . qft . they try so hard to get approval that they become obnoxious pretty soon , especially if you're not in the mood of indulging them . esfjs : i don't need the drama , they won't shut the f up and they can become quite bitchy and attention seekers . i'm not saying all of them are , but most ( female ) esfjs i know rub me the wrong way . indeed . this trailer shows some interesting stuff and sheds some light on the plot . i had a massive crush for a ( suspected , but she fits the description quite well ) infp for a frigging long time . i'm glad it's over but i still kick myself in the shins whenever i think about her ... have you courage , o my brothers ? are you stout-hearted ? not the courage before witnesses , but hermit courage and eagle courage , which not even a god any longer beholds ? cold souls , mules , the ... dear female esfj , your victimism and attention seeking tirades are wearing me out , stay away from me and keep your drama to yourself . i don't give a rat's ass about your feelings and i don't want ... i think getting to know people and connecting with them requires ( at least for us istps ) a massive amount of extraverted sensing and extraverted feeling . these are our weakest points ( since i'm ... i guess it boils down to a combination of factors ( at least imho ): - are you scarred permanently from past experiences and are giving up because your intuition is blocking you every time you try ? ... 32462xxx not the best picture , i'll admit . eff it , this one's better : tell us straight . we can withstand punishment , if deserved , ( and move on quickly ) , but no stringing along or beating the bush . be blunt if needed , we're no daisies ; don't sweeten the pill : it tastes ... could you be a little bit more specific ? don't mean to be nosy , just curios , i'm attracted to an isfj right now and wonder how to go about it , mainly the awkward silences and the potential conflicts ... yup , pretty much spot on . fe dominant types have a tendency to rub me in the wrong way , especially the more extrovert ones : they are too overt and vocal about how they feel and you can't seem to ... i don't know if the protagonist is an istp but i found the character rather interesting : brighton rock ( 2010 ) - imdb by the way , i liked the remake more than the original ... yeah , i know that . but they have remarkable similarities ( chiefly the monosyllabic protagonist ) . the driver had ryan o'neal in it , doing a steve mcqueen impersonation that wasn't bad at all , however ... jamiebond go take a look at the original : the driver ( 1978 ) - imdb i liked it more than the gosling version . if you dig the genre , brick is a nice movie with an istp protagonist ( gordon ... mood ? what has mood to do with it ? you fight when the necessity arises — no matter the mood ! mood's a thing for cattle or making love or playing the baliset . it's not for fighting . counsel of ... i was the loner psycho . hated all the drama queens and talked with my 3-4 pals of doing a shooting rampage ( this was before columbine , after i graduated and i saw the pictures of the massacre i was ... since you're a girl this description might be appropriate : while isfjs are super-dependable , they may be fascinated by and attracted to the irresponsible , the lush , the glutton . many isfjs marry ... sounds like one of those weird-ass quotes placed at the beginning of frank herbert's dune books ( or chapters ) . can't remember how many times i did this . on sundays when there are few people around it's even better ... hell yeah . coupla years for the serious relationships , perhaps more . once it's out of my system i can move on and it's like nothing happened , the feelings are gone and so the hurt . thinking ... i wouldn't call it man-crush but i've got some pals that are not afraid to admit they enjoy my company : they often laugh at my jokes and value my weirdness , easy going attitude and knowledge of some ... selflessness and modesty . humble and considerate . they have a sense of humor and never become drama queens ( or kings ) . private and self-effacing . a calmer , saner version of the esfj , if you ask ... istj ( high school pal ) from the dating part : learn about dating intimate relationships will be one of the hardest parts of an istp's life , minus the sex part ... if you find yourself suddenly in a relationship , ... i'm not really sure she's an istp but my former girlfriend kinda fits the general description : - really quiet . - very athletic ( at the time she was practicing martial arts and she was in terrific ... dunno about the hugs , but i've been told i'm very good at giving massages ( no pun intended , unfortunately ) , i guess being an istp has its perks ... then again , nowadays sequels and prequels are all the rage : if the movie / book is any good the studios / editors will greenlight a trilogy in no time , twist endings in the third chapter and massive ... actually i probably meant sweet : at first she wasn't really warm but after a bit she would warm up and be really caring , once or twice she would scold me because she felt we weren't seeing each ... yeah , or perhaps istj , what are the main differences between those two types ? i'm asking because i had a hard time guessing her emotions ( yeah being an istp and all that ) and i thought maybe she's ... i guess i could stomach 2 / 3 days a week but my ideal relationship would look pretty darn similar . not really sure , definitely an introvert , possibly sensor not quite sure if she's a thinker or a feeler , more of a judger than a perceiver from what i remember , could be wrong though . she's quiet , ... one of my gf broke up with me because she could not fathom the thought of being apart for more than a few days and complained a lot if i wanted to be alone or was not in contact every single day . i ... it's not something that comes easily ( to me , at least ) , i frown upon excessive display of emotion or emotional outburts and i'm not used to express emotions in general ... sherlock holmes ( watch the new bbc series , it's kinda good , also the peter cushing one ): the guy is brilliant but emotionally stunted and kind of a sociopath . he hath heart who knoweth fear , but vanquishes it ; who sees the abyss , but with pride . he who sees the abyss , but with eagle's eyes ... thus spake zarathustra , f.w.nietzsche favourite ... indeed ! the guy fits the istp description to a t . he doesn't have the necessary amount of one-liners and dry humour though ... other fictional istps : > ryan o ' neal in driver ( 1978 ): the ... you're so friggin quiet you're a friggin sociopath you always have a kind word for everyone [ / sarcasm ] - after i finished enumerating the ways someone gets on my nerves ( in the nastiest ... 1 . she's trouble . forget her and move along . 2 . study and do some sports , you'll be more confident and less anti social . 3 . make new friends and try not to be stuck in the same rut . thanks again for the clarification , i think you explained very well the predicament i'm in . the thing is , her behavior is kinda erratic too : sometimes she's super friendly and caring ( hugs , banter ... '