' hey everyone ... after working for about 5 months .. going through alot of things .. i recently decided to take the mbti again and score a enfp with a mild tendency towards perceiving ( 11 % ) did it ... infps are people we really love to have around because you know what we feel , what we mean , you want to listen , and you don't judge us , just love us .. amazing ... hey dancing ! nice to meet you ! girls which wish people well sincerely ? awesome ! you are right my friend ... haha .. sounds exhausting and fun at the same time ... my god ! you guys sound wonderful ! i understand ... no one likes us for us ... simple ... be the force which is there even though it is not there .. we fear , respect , salute and appreciate such greatness ... meaning that let your boss , know what your current works are , ... so true ... i can relate to every line ... so much melancholy ... so much hurt .. so much heart .. all kept inside to so we don't get hurt but that hurts us too . sex , food , sales .. yeah ! ! ! so intriguing ... lol personally , i've never met an enfj girl in real life .. or not that i know of . must be nice to know who they are and what they are like . hey enfj girls ! how are you and what was your day ... being appreciated and understood .. enfjs can die in peace now ... lol thanks ... makes so much sense when you put it that way ... fake lefty , how do you see fit suppress your feelings ? that puzzles me ... amazing ... just amazing ... i admire that you took the time to look inward and made the effort to say no , its not everyone , its me and changed so drastically ... i can relate so well to the ... hey eggsies ... just curious ... how did you change from an isfj to an enfj ? in times of great need and strife , all an enfj needs is the reassuring hand of a loved one to say that we'll go through this together no matter what with the soft forgiving eyes that only ... not at all . hahha what i meant was that , as you might be focusing very intensely in to the things which you are currently doing , this would result in using most of available mental real ... haha ... my god ... no wonder you're feeling so down ... you've not been getting your fill of social love from your peers ! cheer up .. find some one to talk to and express yourself .. trust me you'l ... is it easy to forget things , sometimes important things ? thanks for the great insight ... my confusion stems from the point of focus & the ability to multi task . having quite a low se myself , i can't seem to be very focused on 1 thing and blot out ... i'd imagine it like waking up and just doing whatever you feel like , am i right ? wow ... i heard its alot like the movie ( in to the wild ) . where you just go along with the flow and see where it ... hello , what does it mean to live in the moment from an istp point of view ? im an enfj , and have always some sort of pre-planned idea of what to do & what to expect . however , i can't seem to ... hey man ... i'm an enfj and my girlfriend of 1 year is an istp ... from as far as i know , she exhibits the typical istp traits ... and some what unaware of feelings . it could be that you have ... hi ! ! ! fellow enfj ! nice to meet you .. i really new here too ! wanna be friends ? : happy : i totally agree with you on the indecisiveness , i've been called out on not being focused . i'm just deciding all factors and possibilities ... i really don't appreciate it when people don't take ... omg i love your post ... really speaks out my heart ... the biggest thing about enfj's , be it a man or woman , is that you need to return the gesture . if we feel that our initiative or gestures are not returned in kind , we voluntarily retreat . we ... i thinks it more of a general thing . brings me tremendous joy to see people successful after helping them . and these are the magic words ! hahah , thanks so much so putting it out there .. i'm with an istp girl and its still exactly the same ... hey , relax .. all i wanted to know if the two could be related .. as people's personalities develop overtime . as blue g explained .. people are who they are not because of what they went through ... hey blue g , really sorry , didnt mean to offend you or any istps in anyway . istps are very close to my heart . i wish to understand them better . thank you for your insight . i was just really ... hey , i really want to know .. i know an istp as a best friend , and he has told me he has been hurt before in the younger years and as a result have decided to close his emotions from the world ... ... gamer girls are usually intjs ... just sayin ... lol mercedes sl 65 the best or nothing . 87025 one of the biggest problems of enfj's is letting go ... we have to really get that not everything is our fault . and we shouldn't feel that way ... when we do and ppl pick it up . they will ... thank you ! you have really shed some light on my problem ... things are really looking up for me and her as from what i used to feel as void & silence is actually tranquil peace ... : happy : awwww ... we forgive you ! : happy : i love that i can peer through the veil of a person's personality and make an almost accurate image of their behavior or personality , just with the looks , feel , habits & body language of a person . ... yes , we do that often , but that seeking approval attitude , comes from us being unsure of what the other person we want to interact with thinks and we are just testing the waters . we actually put ... hey orange ... yea that is so true about us ! we love taking the initiative .. however , if the favor is not returned in kind , we feel as if we have been taken for granted and not treated well , and would ... haha , i really like that ... cry in the face of peril ... i'm beginning to think its true that by staying away from problem people is better . as i always thought that problem people are people ... omg thanks again for replying such a long and meaningful message . it really means the world to me to receive your help . its been an uphill battle in the dark .. to say the least . i've spent ... haha annoy people on facebook ... i like that one ! hahhaha .. too much time alone makes us sad sad people .. we need friends ! ! i would love that ! how do you do that ? : sad : hey , thank you so much for your insight . it's good to hear from another istp girl to know that you guys really need your own time and space to figure out your things . the perils and stress occur ... hey , just wanna ask ... since you're an istp girl .. how do you see the world and how do you take life ? my partner is an istp as well . and cause we don't usually have alot of istp girls around ... '