' hopeful . accepting to let go for a while , replenish and have another go at it . my outside image probably matches the words of arclight so i may indeed appear snobbish to some people , but my mind is definitely what kharyzmatiq described , a succession of fortifications and they ... thanks for the list ! i go through phases of music genres . it used to be pop ( from the mid 90s ) , then i switched to hard rock ( late 90s / 00 ) , then it was jazz / swing and now i have this blues / ... i'm seriously laughing out loud reading this :D thanks ! i'm pushing it but ... i wouldn't mind more happy song sugestions : tongue : here's one that i can think of :] ... lovely first post . thanks for sharing . i am going to read your answers over and over again until they sink in . thanks you very much ! ! i have the exact same issue and it's threatening my work where i have to keep up with constant innovation ^ ^ ; also , i am passionate about playing music and i always have people make big eyes when ... how do you stop the spiral ? i read feeling good : the new mood therapy by david burns , which presented interesting ways to do that but they don't seem to be quite sufficient for me . would ... others from feeling disappointed in me . i'm tired . never going to understand how people feel confident making more enemies in your head than in the real world ... or so at least i've been feeling what i expected to have when grown up : - career - righteousness - cheerfulness - strength - friendships - love the reality : - isolation i'm back down in the dumps . my unshakable expectations : - career - righteousness - cheerfulness - confidence and strength - friendships - love 1 / because there is nothing to apologize for . you were positive and careful . 2 / because i feel like i am emotionally manipulating the person i apologize to when there is really nothing to apologize ... the teeny tiny se that grows out under stress and gives you a cold reality shower > _ < i really identify with you on the complementing best friend gone his way . asking permission to compliment is not crazy . crazy by my standards would be harassing her at work with no regard for her ... anytime . i get rid of my moods mostly in written form , so keep it coming ! i really need to understand how some people find sleep in minutes . cause i usually count it in hours ! ( = _ = ) i open a new google text document and i write and write without ever looking at grammar , spelling or structure . i write until i run out of thoughts or ways of expressing them . sometimes i write so ... open a fresh document on your computer or take a sheet of paper or your phone and log your thoughts every time you sense some emotion , and score them from - 5 [ worst mood ] to + 5 [ best mood ] . example : ... no problem . at some point in the song the singer says imagination brings bliss at no cost and that pretty much saves my mind . good luck . very nice ! fills with hope . this is a good anger antidote for me if you like it check out the other 4 parts . this is an ideal workplace for me : - has strong ethics ( tough when you seek a good pay too ) - fosters a cooperative style ( or at least , nothing is gained by undermining others ' work ) - allows ... ... coen brothers ' movies have direct access to your soul forget about those silly questions , i just have ( or learned ) too much expectations from myself thank you for the enlightening post , anahata . i will leave this country in 8 months , i'm struggling not to forfeit before that actually , the reason follows . i am by observation inferior to ... edit : removed a negative comment . to the young people applying to college , by all means do so because that's your instinct speaking . and listen to it some more to know what specialty to take , ... thanks a lot see above , it's heart-warming . i've started my life from the opposite side , perceiving that everyone was judging me or would potentially . so i became eager to please and get praise . ... i am at the unhealthy level 7 of type 4 : frustrating : unico : very sensible . i am so bad at this though . i confided into someone i trusted a lot recently but then i discovered that i was being manipulated . i am too naive and my promptness to help and ... it is a most sensible idea , but shameful as it may sound , i have always repressed it . i dread making a fool of myself in public , of appearing incompetent and i feel a lot of responsibility towards ... this is for you and all of us strong and fragile souls . i have no doubt that i cannot make anything great on my own . i've never had anything to offer except a readiness to help , with knowledge mostly . i guess i've been trying to win affection in ... thank you so much guys , i really appreciate . see above , thank you so much for caring . here's how i'd sum it up : i'm 30 and my adult life has been about work and a few fulfilling friendships . ... you are an infx if know what a hikikomori is you can go weeks without checking the news your aging mirror reflection is forcing your se function out hi in the brief moments of calm i realize that much of my suffering comes from a misplaced pride , extreme avoidance of any help . i've been helpless and hopeless lately , so much that i had no ... inadequate , inacceptable , unreliable , doomed . love is a painful restlessness about someone else . probably some living dead reflex to put on a mask interesting , i have not realized there were mbti versus keirsey temp [ i guess it goes with my tendency to overlook details ] . the personalitycafe test gave infj , others tests i found here and there ... i'm sorry , i kinda replied in bits n pieces , you probably just saw the dictionary quote . i'm new to the whole personality typing thing , i have only a vague understanding . i get infp out of online ... [ source : thefreedictionary dot com ] burnout n . 3 . b . one who is worn out physically or emotionally , as from long-term stress . [ source : me ] a cognitive and behavioral breakdown . a lingering ... hi i think i am slowly but surely escaping my real world into this newly discovered addiction of people typing . so here's an attempt at modeling my chameleon personality . * * * important : ... inspiring ! i never ever thought about marketing before , but i guess it's consumer psychology after all . an nf could do well here and probably in other applied-psychology fields too . this is a ... thanks a lot ! i'll give it a shot . if i had the chance i would have selected an art-tech combination of a degree . but that's just risky speculation , i'm infp so i could always find something to be ... thank you strawberrylola i'd use my good mood moments to elaborate a new routine and enjoy it for some time but then a trifling matter happens and the emotional response takes over so i give up ... hi yall i did some tests and i got infj and infp . i found i could relate to things from both dedicated fora so it does not really matter . what does though is what i could make of it to get better ... thanks ! ! looks indeed like i will be learning a lot and hopefully get an intuition about my next career move . hello people ! i'm coming from of a long professional burnout . after months of mood swings and anxiety , i took a move toward self-help books , a new world to me . i read feeling good : the new mood ... '