' it's on a different platform , but nonetheless . it's a bit rough because it was my first time recording . space oddity-david bowie :) reason ; bitches love smiley faces . lol everyone was lizards , everyone . you thought that was a person ? no , lizards ! also , mr cafebot has some wicked dance moves . thank you . i see that mentions are disabled so i will have to deal with quoting everyone . 349210 interesting ! interesting that i also always questioned my feeler type result , and that showed in this . hi everyone , i joined here a while ago , but didn't really stick around . apologies for that . still having trouble figuring out the functions i'm using , but it's great to make friends and have ... i wonder if anyone is chewing a malteser at the exact same time as me . caucasian , particularly british , aussies , irish and scottish . asians , african-american . but man , especially irish , british and asian . also , charlieissolike would be infp , i believe . john green has said that he tested infp . i also , after looking closer at shane dawson , believe that the extroverted nature he shows in his video is an alterego . i think he is hard to type , but is ... 3am is my favourite time , because it's dark , no one else is awake , and i can just be at peace . ( and watch many youtube videos ) i don't feel like this is accurate . plus it includes astrology , so an automatic f for me ;) hey guys :) , state your type , and whether or not you have a messed up sleep schedule . why / why not ? i'll start ; infj yes because there are so many ideas that need processing , and so much ... some jobs i wouldn't mind ; - secretary , because i could organize stuff , as long as it still gave me a chance to voice an opinion and not just be a slave - teacher , because i like the idea of all ... yes , yes . it depends on the person , but they can be cute :) well , it looks like it's infj to question your infj-ness . oh my god how am i not friends with an intp , you guys are awesome ! intj are pretty cool too , though . jinsei what do you think ? :) yes , i would . sometimes i'm good with analytical stuff , but it has to be something i'm interested in . here are my test results ; similarminds-infj cognitive functions test ; infp first , then infj ... either i just make the decision , or if i have too many thoughts and ideas jumping around , i use the process of elimination , or a pros and cons list . i don't know if it's the 2am thing , or if it's actually incredibly funny , but i'm trying to hold in laughter . i don't know if there are any doctor who fans here , but here's my wacky theory ; what if our world is a trap for the doctor ? the t . v show was created by the same people who created the world in ... infj , and i will add it to my reading list . it's nearly 2am . a system of segregation based on personality type actually wouldn't be too bad . it'd be like all the y . a novels ( ew ) magnified by 100 , then put into real life . but , honestly . if it were worked out ... a little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men-roald dahl here is the questionnaire answers ; scenario 1 ; at first , when he'd broken up with me , i'd feel scared , afraid and like i wasn't good enough . when i hear that they've been diagnosed with ... scenario 1 ; at first , when he'd broken up with me , i'd feel scared , afraid and like i wasn't good enough . when i hear that they've been diagnosed with cancer , i'd be grief stricken . i'd ... my guesses ; 9 - infp borderline intp 10 - entp 11 - entp 12 - intj perhaps istp amy-infp rory-isfj clara-definite enfp rose-esfp donna-esfj thank you for your help . some things , i do admit , i added just to give people a better idea of who i am as a person , some one to visualise if they were going to put into a situation , etc . ... thank you :) i've posted there hey guys , i'm new to mbti , and i was wondering if you could help type me . i've typed mainly as infp , infj and intj . most recently i took the test provided here and got this result ; introverted ... thanks guys :) hey everyone , i'm new to this whole mbti thing , and don't completely understand everything , but that's okay , i will get better . i'm confused on my type , so i won't put anything down yet . i've been ... '