' i'm so glad there is a thread about this . i've pondered this phenomena for a very long time . i'm glad others have pondered this as well . ( the phenomena is how memory existence / retrieval , if you will , ... over analyzing events and negative comments . i for one , am absolutely horrible at debating , and can honestly lose a debate even if the other side is wrong . usually , this is because i don't want to ... istps are my absolute favorites , next to infps . i have a friend istp , tawana , and we just get along so great . i think its because she knows she can say whatever she wants about me , and i won't ... i myself cannot - stand - esfps . i cannot . god . so infuriating . and all that spray tanning and tattoos . like , what the fuck . they're quick to snap comments and argue and cause drama , but not quick ... are you serious ? who are you to say what an enfp should be ? i'm not trying to control her , but way to put your personal spin on something you have no idea about . i really wish enfps would listen ... she said was she was sexually abused as a child , and thats why she has trouble paying her car bill because committment scares her . she lies and creates excuses out of everything so she never has to ... enfps are a rocky road . have an enfp sister , she has a view of the world that isn't right , and she is kind of crazy . have an enfp boss , she's ok ... i have an enfp friend on another forum , she's ... ewww i don't like the ipip neo or any of those tests that just say ' ur like 30 % extraverted and 22 % moody ' etc . etc . etc . besides . mbti is grrreat . honestly , it'd be pretty shitty . but then again that goes for a world without any type . even ... - cringes - estjs . well , i wrote a rap . away i spend time trying to innovate i chase the gate , fraid it will close in my face . walk faster , harder , and slower , contradicting my motives in order to go over ... by inventing games like angry birds . i'm an enfj , with an overdeveloped / overwhelming ni , and i tend to agree with infjs more so in this regard , than my fellow entjs / enfjs ; thus why i'm posting here . do you really exist in this world ? ... i think we are talking about two things : i am talking about jcf order of : fe-ni-se-ti | fi-ne-si-te in this i mean that te is our weakest function . but at the same time , i agree with you ... actually , te is our weakest function . however , with si , as our 7th function , makes sense just as much . because with our 7th function , we aren't really sure when is the proper time to ... put it ... put a badass cowboy smoking a lone cigarette as the main character . goldennn someone who is there for them , but one who doesn't judge , and isn't impersonal . but more importantly , someone real . fake people disgust me ( me , the fe dom ) , and i can't stand them . i'd rather have ... no , my introverted thinking is completely inferior ( read this article for reference :) the form of the inferior - efjs but also , enfjs in general need more quiet time alone than other ... i've taken that test , i didn't really like it though because all the questions did was dissect the definition of a function , then ask ' do you agree with this sentence ' basically . like , what . no i ... pat robertson and like every single teleevangelist ever existed that's exactly what i'm talking about , haha ! so many times i just want to taste food , not eat it . i'd almost consider going bulemic ( not serious ) just so i could taste all the food i wanted , but ... i hate inflicting pain , but when i am enraged , i actually enjoy it . when someone does me wrong in such a horrible way , betraying every aspect of me , i can't think of anything else but inflicting the ... what's up enfjs . so tell me , how do you engage your se ? if you're not sure what that means , we use our tertiary function ( se for us ) to ' engage ' the world , its how are life is oriented . as se as ... no thanks , i outward ( ne ) is less favorable to inward ( ni ) . i think all the beauty is inward , mainly . haha ! i know right ! like , thats why i hate it when i can tell someone is attracted to me , so they come up and go hi but i'm a ) not attracted back or b ) not looking for someone like that , i get ... take that infps ! ! haha , i know , right ? btw , at the comparions thing , even worse , you're comparing an fi ne si te ( infp ) with fe ni se ti ( enfj ) . we're going to be opposites . i think i already talked about ... can be an ass , usually are . but nice people overall , very stubborn , but usually stubborn for a very good reason ( vs , stjs ) . bro is one . frankly , stuck up and entitled . but that is just my friends , and is no way a statement against all infps out there . i can kinda relate to that , in a sort of way , haha . sometimes i'll do things just to ' escape that box . ' i love reading enfj personality descriptions , and i love reading jcf type descriptions . i'm a type 2w3 , so i don't really know myself at all , i sometimes think i do , but idk ... at the same time i ... maybe its just me being gay , or being an fe dom , but i'm far from the estx version of manliness . at the same time though , i can definitely see what hung is talking about , just can't really put it ... thats basically me , haha . except i don't like family gatherings , so i do the opposite and say my card is the worst , so i can get out of it early . haha . hah , you have horny as your mood . i like . ... :) hey , what else can i say ? i love driving fast . and in the rain . the best kind , is the rain rains just right so you can have the windows down and none of it goes into the car . hah , 600 . goes like this : bro wanna join perc ? tons of other enfjs ! ! ! sure ! - joins - - makes 4 posts - hi there enfjs , and visitors from a world so similar to ours . i'm here to make a topic about the restlessness we face in our lives , its meaning , and how widespread it is . to start off , i've ... as of this moment i'm signing a warrant to get you evicted out of my brain , this is exactly what my life is like , and thus you are a hazard to my mental health as you know my thoughts all too well . ... enfjs are the opposites of estjs , one of the most common types , we are then second opposite to istj , and then esfj . these compose of a vast majority of the population , so i think that alone can cause ... i know about that site ! i am confused by what greatest dissatisfiers were promotions and salary . means . like , we wish we were promoted more / higher paid ? christian . pat robertson is an enfj . yikes . my dad works for him as well . double yikes . i know what thats like , 100 % ! ! ! ( gay enfj also :P ) one thing i've also noticed , is when someone is interested in you , you're not sure if they're just being cordial or something , or even if you're ... i love this post . like , i feel like i've know this post for years , and yet , love at first sight . i have very deep thoughts , but i won't really ever let you know . i don't like opening that kind of thing up to other people . i am also amazed by everything in the world , something i think i share ... i hate hate hate hate hate being fe dom / enfj . i have an estj roomate and it causes so much conflict . for example , i divulge a lot about my life , and today i ws talking about bills and i didn't ... so are all these enfjs against this one infp ? ahahahahahahahahaha totally . hah . ha . hahhahahhahahahahahahahahaahahhaha ^ ^ ( irl just now ) my little esfj sister does that all the time . god . just , all that stuff in general . now frankly i ... another thing i noticed about esfjs vs enfjs are esfjs are much more ... on the lookout for danger in the environment . so they also tend to get more attention faster because they have to like ... freak ... yes yes yes yes i get that a lot you must love being the center of attention sam , you just being you are always taking the stage etc . but i don't really like attention like that , in fact , i ... yup . now the hard part for me is , once i realized i was incorrect in something , changing that mindset is very difficult . and its aggravating , because i know i'm wrong , but i can't like ... for ... '