what about the coach with the biggest personality in the nfl ... rex ryan ? ? i think enfp . evil or not that is one apple i would love to eat ! : tongue : i have had women quit on me because they didn't have the physical stamina . they were both smokers . yet another reason to quit smoking , male or female ! i can go for as long as i want and come only when i want to . i find the real key to stamina is to clear the mind totally . if one is able to be in synch body and mind , stamina is no longer an ... did i mention i was a master of the tantric arts ;-) there are good things about getting older ! mindfulness meditation has been my savior . i keep making myself come back to the present moment , so i can see things as they really are and not how i want ... unconditional love exists and can be experienced through spiritual practice , but very few have experienced it for any length of time ! yes i have experienced it and i have experienced the complete ... i've seen huxley typed as an infp ! : tongue : from sybile bedford , aldous huxley : a biography volume one : 1894-1939 : alexander henderson warned that huxleyx 92s life defies the traditional biographer ... fortunately i have this counterbalance in me that says to do the opposite of my natural tendency . so i challenge myself to be more outgoing or more grounded ... it isn't always easy but it is the only ... you only need 5 of the symptoms to be diagnosed .. pretty damn close friend .. : crazy : entp has a diagnosis too ! narcissistic personality disorder ! 1 . has a grandiose sense of self-importance 2 . is preoccupied with fantasies of unlimited success , power , brilliance , beauty , ... cyclothymia is a mild form of bipolar disorder . check out the symptoms sound pretty infp to me ! symptoms zig-zagging from periods of elation to gloom unable to maintain enthusiasm for new ... infp relationships end badly because we suppress so much to keep the peace , when it is ending we finally let it all out ! i'm really working on not doing that anymore . bfm , from a biological perspective it really isn't a good idea to wait until 35 to try to have your own children . for one your chances of getting pregnant have been greatly reduced by that time , but ... i almost need to exercise whether it is weights , yoga or running . it makes such a huge difference to my mood and outlook . this maybe true for the relationship in the long term but there is nothing like an nf-nf love affair ! just a few , in no particular order fight club ! , lotr trilogy , batman begins / dark knight , original star wars trilogy , i heart huckabees , eternal sunshine of the spotless mind , fear and loathing in ... anything related to spirituality / finding meaning : ( meditation centers , deeksha gatherings , etc ) . there are infps there and many other introverts , i am sure but i don't talk to them as much as i am ... oh yes sex , whether with others or just myself has been one of my strongest modalities of anesthetic and escape . most week nights i would be in my room alone studying . i went to a very academically demanding school and was a human development / pre-med major ! i had a work hard , party hard ethic that i developed ... yes i know one and she is exactly like that , and that is what i did when i first met her .. lol . she would just make me feel so enveloped in love . just incredible . thank you bella . i absolutely agree . i have grown a lot as a result of the break-up , through a tremendous amount of introspection and healing practices . i am not walking around angry or depressed ... don't want to get into ranking on a scale , people can look at my pictures and make their own judgments ( i do feel i come off better looking in real life though ) . i've received a lot of complements ... it takes a lot for me to feel hostile , like after being there for someone through two children , sitting with her through every chemotherapy session , taking care of the kids and her when she was too ... the enfp guy i know can't help but flirt with every woman he comes into contact with regardless of age or marital status ! he's very good at getting women to open up to him , he then uses that ... i can totally relate to this ! i do the same thing ! this is an interesting thread ! there is a reason for the stereotype of the self-absorbed artist ! i think sps create more out of a pure flow in the moment without much thought to how others perceive ... i have a propensity to attract and be attracted to older women ( anywhere from two to 10 years older ) . i have recently been attracted to a couple of women 14-15 years older , but i haven't pursued them ... some more blatant generalizations that may be wrong . infps are likely to be more serious and enfps more whimsical . i think enfps leave relationships and start new ones easier than infps . infps ... i am 34 . what really counts as a relationship ? i am probably a slut by infp standards .. but i also went through a period where i was living more on the t side of the fence . in high school i ... it is important to me for all the reasons you listed snail . i don't have conscious reproductive reasons though , i already have 5 kids ( i'm done with the part of life ) ! i am sure i still have the ... it is not the issue . i just wanted to point it out because a lot of women are walking around angry at straight men because they think that is what all men want ! not all media portray healthy women . women like to complain about the unreal standard ultra-thin portrayed by fashion magazines . this was a standard created by gay men who were often the ... physical appearance is not necessarily a paint job , although there is of course a genetic component that is out of our control . it can be a reflection of the character and state of mind of the ... i've lived my life as one grand experiment ! the thing is i don't know if i would be attracted to some of those types past a first conversation or date . i have a tendency to having an initial strong ... it is more out of curiosity that i listed those types , don't know how it will work until you try it ! i have read research that showed nf-nf couples had the highest relationship satisfaction , wish i could find the link . it's interesting how relationships evolve over time . i really enjoy nfs at the ... i'm both ! but it takes a special woman to enslave me ! : laughing : i'm going to speculate a bit at the risk of being totally wrong ! i think that it is very possible for infp's to appear extroverted in environments they are comfortable in . if i am amongst friends i ... the joker's well thought out schemes seem entp but the way he really messes with people's emotions seems like an enfp gone bad . i also don't see an entp burning all that money , they would reinvest ... i have just jumped into dozens of conversations on here without ever formally introducing myself . i actually do the same thing in real life sometimes . i first became fascinated with m-b many years ... i loved animals so much that i became a vegetarian when i was 5 ! i need to get a scanner so i can scan in some of my kiddie pictures ! oh yes unrequited love i am done with you now and forever ( i hope ) ! anyone here read the unbearable lightness of being ? the character franz is such an infp . he falls in love with the idealized image ... i have the same issue of the necessity of the marriage of form and function ! on your remarks on the other post .. i am extremely passionate about work and relationships . lately that has been my ... my ex likes color but there is no way she would pick the colors i did ! it was also a feeling of liberation to paint things the way i wanted to instead of trying to meld my opinions with her ! my ... i developed my shell during adolescence .. being an infp guy is really not a lot of fun ! i had groups of other boys attack me when i was a child because i was alone and content in my little dream ... are the colors and decor for how others might feel about them ( and consequently about you ) or how they make you feel ? i paint and decorate based on how i know it will make me feel .. that is very infp ... i have two ex-wifes ! i find if you look at audition as you have nothing to lose , only something to possibly gain it helps a lot . in other words you don't have the part before you walk in the door , the worst thing that ... i have this same fear and motivational force ! i also fear that i will continue to compromise my own happiness for others instead of doing what i really want to do , this is a really tricky balance ...