' voted for my own city . vancouver , canada . i'm in love with my city . not too crowded , but big enough to not feel lonely . surrounded by mountains and oceans and forests . plus none of our seasons ... you only chime in when you are genuinely interested in the topic at hand , otherwise you tend to just sit back and watch what other people have to say , something that you actually quite enjoy . you ... i seem to have both those sectors . extremely tidy currently . at least it appears that way . however all the mess is hidden in drawers and shit . neetly tucked away and not visible to the public however hectic and messy once you delve ... ah . an argument in my eyes is when it gets personal , voices rise , common sense and basic debate etiquette gets somewhat forgotten , as long as at least one party is grounded and unaffected i don't ... yeah which is why i specified it as an argument . i can hold my own and stay neutral in debates but the second it flips to arguing is where i loose that grip . when you get in an argument is your reactionary emotion anger or sadness ( or something else ) ? one of my biggest grievances and burdens is the fact that i have no true friendships . so personally , no . can other people ? i can't see why there wouldn't be at least a handful of people who would be ... this was actually really important for me to hear , thank-you . i'm sorry if that came out sassy . i didn't mean for it to . that's exactly what i'm trying to figure out . if that's the case i'm more than willing to share , but i've noticed often that when i do it ... why are you asking . i dunno man , 6 years . depression and me have been together for 6 years . i thought it ended , i thought it was all over . i had a steady 4 months of not being depressed . i almost forgot what it felt ... phoenix - 1901 metric - gimme sympathy ( acoustic ) panic ! at the disco - she had the world mr . gnome - watch the city sail away mgmt - weekend wars tegan and sara - relief next to me the kooks - ... yes hahahaha . i was at my best friend's house and she was staying at her dads place so no liners no pads nothing , we had tocall our friend jane who had already got it to come bring me pads . it was something ... i'm posting this from mobile so hopefully it works cause i have no clue . i love how i press this and the ops photo is my main man jim . anyway this was useful thank-you . ~ ~ ~ support ur local record store ~ ~ ~ let me clear that up . she is not my step sister any more . she was my step sister for 8 years , from 3-11 years old . he is one of my best friends and the object of my affections for the past 5ish ... every time i have acid flashbacks it scares the fuck out of me . social activities =/ = anxiety all the time for introverts ... some introverts just prefer being not surrounded by big groups of people they have meaningless relationships with . it makes sense people would be concerned at a party considering the fact that moat people go to a party to do just that , not what they would be doing in their apartment if they weren't at the party ... this is funny because i barely ever dream , anyway i guess i was living in this house with a whole bunch of people , mainly my friends , and there was this one guy there lying on the couch who i was ... broke up with boyfriend , and i'm just not as upset about it as i should be but i guess that proves that it was a good move . never date people with anger problems . well i suppose do , i don't want to ... before if i fucked up anything i only hurt me , i never hurt anyone but now there are real people my actions affect , and i cannot stand it , i cannot handle it - wil wagner , song about why i suck viva la juicy and red door are favourites , but my current scent is ganesha's gardens solid perfume in india . my mom and all my friends hate it but i adore it . does it count if it's from a documentary ? i used to encourage everyone i knew to make art ; i don't do that so much anymore - banksy , exit through the gift shop it didn't make sense that i'd ... the beatles past masters the essential johnny cash thank-you ! all your friends are out on saturday , but you're home ... because you went out on friday . blah blah blah you can call me bells , i'm 16 , vegetarian 8 years running , enfp ambivert formerly enfj . i like cats and testing peoples emotional limits . you can find me staring at absolute ... '