skeet restless . going for a drive around midnight or one in the a . m . leers solos people * can * be kind of dumb ... but i include myself in this collective so .. i'm ambivalent . slips  i honestly couldn't be bothered to learn breathing techniques or meditation . i've tried before and my mind won't be stilled , the time to use them hardly come around anymore as i'm for the most part ...  cider pudgy when i drink i only want to be surrounded by animals until they wish to leave , otherwise submerged in music . i love drinking . i love to give in to the tumult . unfortunately , living with my ...  astoundingly ___ & frayed , dissatisfied as i make the attempt to break the cycle . rly wish i hadn't run at of refills for the meds . rly rly wish i hadn't need of them . tree of savior . nice nostalgic feel to it , so far i'm enjoying myself .. until it loses my attention which is inevitable with mmo's . also brawlhalla c : requesting name change , to : quecueyew , , pls and ty   lovesick , fog brain , useless and blind to opportunity . b-o-r-e-d , dissatisfied with life , my place / role in it , conduct , being . empty , listless , restless . hopeful , despairing melancholy of ...  as a baby i were ridiculously cute , and also a cry baby . such it is growing up my paternal grandmother donned me ' baby andy ' . i'm named after my father and my father's father so that had something ...   one of d'em nights . stoned with you   dunno how widely known it is ? great album nonetheless . wishing i were at the ward or had something more potent than 10mg of abilify . cannot wait for my appointment to get here . i shirked it off for so long , this cataclysmic crash were long coming ... 7060987061 06706122706 130 ii . needless to say i'm not proud of my uh . forum picture posting prowess .. however , there it be . 7060587060 6670607470 6082706090 assorted pics over the course of 2 weeks . follow up . i loved my job too spite it being nothing to write home on . i were the maintenence dude at a pilot . cleaning showers , lot sweeping , restroom duty , mopping , changing out gas nozzles , ... a lot . a lot has happened . went back down to see her . she kicked me out two more times . i left the third time . 4 strikes ehhh . heh . got a job the day before she kicked me out . she ... v sick mentally , on the doorstep of despair . moved back home after sleeping in my car for two weeks holding down a job . this latest episode of life shown how low i've sunk , and she revealed how ... tread 