' take the c . then you must hate me ... because i'm all about those woman's wrongs ... too bad it doesn't matter women ? lt ain't no man tryna compete with women . yes , a man thinks he is better than you ... even if you are a man , especially if you are a man . that's not chauvinism , men don't compete with women ... no ... technology has always played a key role in ( some forms of ) evolution . postbiological evolution .. sounds like a fancy term for an already established concept . when humans first settled and formed ... well , from a different angle ... i have siblings , and though i'm ready to put my childhood behind me ... they aren't . and , now that i have allowed a place for my father in my life ... my father is ... the godfather , part 1 is the best movie of all time . i was 20 , moved away to college . moved back in at 25 , for like 6 months ... couldn't stand it , so i moved out as soon as i could . now i'm traveling , visiting family in africa ... so i guess i haven't ... well , what happened was ... there's this girl ( seriously , it's always some girl with me .. ) anyway , i expressed interest in this girl and for reasons unclear to me he seems to be opposed to my ... so , long story short .. my father was an absentee father .. in and out of my childhood until i purposefully sought him out in my adulthood to mend a broken relationship , to help my own self .. not his ... you know how i know i'll get this girl ? because i don't even want her to be honest . not as much as i want ww3 . i've long been angry . i rather go off to war . i've been up and down the u . s . for the ... well , the pain is definitely getting worse and i can't sleep through it . i just took some tylenol so hopefully that helps me . i have a problem . i am supposed to be travelling in 36 hours . i ... painkillers + alcohol =D eath . why are you trying to kill me ? can you imagine someone putting pliers in your mouth and yanking a tooth out ? i'm going to cry . i'm really scared . just give me some ... humptity bumptity , this is critical . let us call it , a national state of emergency . i been drinking lots of vodka , that's my medicine . also , potatoes are like .. awesome . im a huge fan of potatoes . ... help a sore man out . that wisdom tooth is being born and my jaw line now a killer . i know go visit the tooth man but the exchange is low and life is short . i also want the last one , i think this is ... relatively , the answer is no . the us economy won't ever be as prominent as it once was . the global marketplace is evening things out . but , in isolation , things will get better , sure ... albeit more ... you want to go to the first one but you should go to the last one ... statistics and economics .. ( which is basically statistics ) .. formal education helps and i'd never speak against it but to be honest this is one field in which you don't have to have a degree to be ... superman could fly into space , get an astroid , and chuck it at earth . even if batman could beat superman , superman could simply reverse time by running real fast around the earth , and spoil his ... on occasion ive been known to exchange round metal pieces and pieces of cotton paper for one ... i dont think youre supposed to be actively conscious of a person's race .. well , im not . i mean , i know but its not like something i focus on .. if asians are the new white people , then i think ... i hope to remember this and then check to make sure ... to ease the nerves beforehand . some comic relief . as an intp guy , what is most appealing about us , i feel , is that we leave women to be who they are .. without real judgement or criticism . in that sense , if we are to be with a woman , we know her ... i quite enjoy my seonsor associates .. and recently i have learnt to pick up their sort of conversation . they aren't horrible . it helps a lot that i am a bit of a sports buff , so i can hold my own in ... you know , this is the problem . now that i see that i am capable of more or less taking over the world , i am becoming rather bored with the idea . classic intp behaviour . theoretically , i see how it ... what are these steps ? i am traveling to africa soon and this is my concern . i'm not looking for a hostile transition . i do believe in peace , love and unity .. there is absolutely no reason as to why ... no , libraries are good fun . you can never get bored at a library .. you know , i'm bored and there's not much to do and at least this would pass the time til death .. and why lie , it wouldn't be hard , but it would be challenging , especially maintaining it . i'm nearly ... this site ? i was just on reddit ... compared to that this might as well be gop hq * wink * catch 22 . a bit convoluted . rais anampenda mke wangu ( swahili for ; the president loves my wife ) . not horrible for a swahili novel , though a bit circular . 2016 : the last independence day . it sucks ... this is exactly what i want to ask my father , but i don't know how . maybe he is trying to keep me from her ? i mean , he knows ... so why is this so urgent ? at the same time , he says it's just for a ... im binational , mother is american , father african . born and largely raised in africa , i came to the states at 17 . 8 years ago . to pursue an education , i dropped out of high school ... we couldn't ... people should trust i know what i am doing more . i may not always be right in my actions , i know i am not , but i am right in my intentions . people around me , always , try to dictate how i am to live ... probably understanding . im always motivated to understand people and things ... systems .. people call me nice , but im not that nice . im more understanding . like , a couple weeks ago an old guy stole ... of course i'm not a book snob , i hardly read fiction anymore , but twilight was ok . umm , that's one way of looking at it ... you women just think with your vaginas don't you ? to be honest i've only recognized him in the hp movies . i think he was the best actor in the movies , one of the few who portrayed the character .. correctly .. forgive me jkr well , i can buy tickets now ... who knows about november ? that's a long ways away ! i wish they would just shut up and take my money .. i'd even account for deflation , hmph . i'm not too good at the ... i guess it is just me . in related news , the actor who played severus snape passed away a couple days ago . much to may dismay , though i was surprised to discover he was nearly 70 . how time flies ... michelle obama wore marigold yellow recently , everyone said she looked good . yellow is ok , i'm neutral . i like red , blood red , dark red , or maroon . sunflowers are yellow . the sun is yellow . what's ... i haven't out and out cried because my team lost .. ok maybe just a couple times .. but i have cried many times because i lost . i remember i was on a basketball team as a kid , and one day the opposing ... i'm a sports and game enthusiast . there is no sport or game i wouldn't try . as a kid i'd spend a lot of time developing my own games . you play to win . i like winning . i like feeling i am better ... that i'm more patient than i realize . life isn't over until you are dead . i graduated at 23 ... so slightly late , but most of my friends were older . it's not even a thing . women aren't going anywhere relax 1/2 bantu african ( black .. from kenya ) , 1/2 white american ( mostly german , some english , welsh .. ) . it sucks . i don't like being mixed . i grew up half in kenya , half in america and in both ... chernobyl . i hope you return the favor ... you definitely should . it will change your life and give meaning to your otherwise futile existence . highly recommended . fair enough , i will defer to your experience . i still think it's a good idea to wash vs wipe . '