'  i've been struggling with awkwardness and shyness for most of my life and i still am , but i came across this lady on youtube . marie dubuque - youtube she gives advice about what to do in those ... thank you all ! your replies are very well-reasoned and helpful ! i'm sorry i forgot to say that she recently moved to a different town , so we can't see each other that often anymore :( but i'll ... hello ! my friend has been dealing with depression for a quite a while , and i want to do anything that could help her . a couple of years ago i introduced her to mbti , but it didn't have such a big ... i'm so fond of this song ! so cool that someone posted it here ! thanks ! : tongue : i hope this hasn't been already said : when you bookmark a lot of pages on the internet , but you hardly ever read them . on the other hand : wow , it's amazing how fast you make up your mind ! so , coordinating all this , must be tough , huh ? you always conceive a plan and you never doubt its succes gosh , i wish i had your manipulative skills ! stop boasting , will you ?  ... i can't fall asleep if i go to bed angry , or disappointed , or feeling guilty . i stay up all night thinking about the motives of the person who made me feel bad , or how i could fix my mistakes . very ... i think enfj , too . thank you , lullabyblossom ! i love the avatar ! here are some for you ! 25903 25904 when you pour sugar instead of salt in your salad , because you don ’ t pay attention to what you ’ ve grabbed and while you do that you ask yourself “ wouldn ’ t it be odd if this was sugar instead of ... infps - sometimes gurus , sometimes babies . so , this thread is for entp guys . how do you react when a girl approaches you ? of course , it depends on what kind of girl she is , but does it annoy you , or does it make you curious ? also , have you ... falling in love brings me a lot of irrationality . i'm so level headed when i'm not in love , but when i am , i get caught up in my thoughts and i become oblivious , i trip so often , i make myself ... thank you for your responses ! i know that it takes all four functions for our minds to work properly , i actually should have said what if this primary filtering function would be depressed ? ... hello , dears ! i was wondering would happen if , for one day only , our primary function disappeared ? hey ! i'm an isfp and one of my best friends is an infj , she's very beautiful , very polite , very poetic and dreamy . i also appreciate poetry , as well as music and all other things that i ... wow ! i get angry really easily , but yes , i do not always express it ! i dislike impulsivity , the lack of professionalism , rudeness , snobbism , the lack of sense . and usually my own mistakes make me ... i think what i really wanted until now was to leave a mark on the people i met . it's a constant desire to be an example for those few persons i interact with and to be able to make them want to ... hmm , stereotypes ... i don't like some websites that describe isfps as superficial or < < uncomfortable with theorizing concepts and ideas , unless they see a practical application > > , i think we are ... may i ask what ended the relationship ? i can be a little bit of any type sometimes , appart from type 2 , so i'll give them a vote ... i like pets of all kind , i've had three hamsters so far , but the animal i respect the most is the horse - very graceful it's good that these uncontrollable violent thoughts remain only fantasies . i think this is a natural reaction of the human psyche to stress , that maybe is a bit more proeminent in introverts , maybe ... isfj mom , esfp dad . i argue often with my father , sometimes i find him very impulsive and very irrational and i criticize him ( and , of course , he gets angry saying that children should never judge ... hey ! all of my interactions with intjs started very naturally , without many introductive words . in school , there were a few ( but very interesting ) intjs in the chemistry class and i liked ... i hate personality sites that describe isfp's as superficial and not inclined towards understanding concepts and theories : angry : what about bear grylls , do you think he's more like istp or estp ? i'm not sure about jean grey neither : unsure : having fi as the main function can be both a blessing and a curse . in the past i used to find forgiving and forgetting kind of hard , i used to hold grudges for some long periods of time . now it's ... was he also dissatisfied by your sister's introversion ? because you mentioned her as an infj . wow , you guys are great ! there are so many people out there who don't have the slightest idea that their hearts cry out and that they are heard . it's such a pity that you are so sensitive to that ... i like how you described the fi function in such a comprehensible way ! thank you ! hello , isfps , sorry that i might change the subject a little , but i want to ask you how were you with your parents , were you compliant , were you rebellious ? do you feel that they gave you enough ... at the moment , the only thing i like about belonging to this type is the capacity to synthetise information , to discern between the essential and the non-essential . ( i noticed that others are not so ... well , that's a very interesting question . if i were to choose another personality type for me , i would want to be one of these five ( one by one ): infp - because i want to know what that slight ... i have an infj friend who used to overly volunteer to help me even when i was telling her about problems that weren't such a bother . she has always offered to lend or give me things , even though i ... ocd is a state of minde that involves stagnation in swampy thoughts like you being cruel to people who can't defend themself or you being evil or psychotic . to escape this pestering disorder , i think ... i want to ask you , my fellow isfps if people ever tell you that you are unopinionated ? at a mild level , these thoughts just occur , everybody has them , but when they happen more and more often and you become bothered by them and start to feel guitly because you think of those nasty ... my best friend is an entp , we get along perfectly , we complete each other very well , but also there are times ( few of them , thank god ! ) when we see each other like aliens , but those moments are ... hi ! as an isfp , it was sad for me to notice how oblivious i had most of my life been when it came to people , not because i would not care about them , but because i had always been spending time ... '