' nice vent ! parenting styles to a fault : sjs - their rigidness and coercion will make you want to question if they really love you , or just love the control factor . sps - they will probably runaway from ... my mother is an istj and dad is isfp . my dad gets really emotionally frustrated by her cold logic and practicality sometimes and so do i ! ! for istjs out there - figure out a half way with the ... it's interesting all enfjs here have very similiar sentiments about their relationship with istjs . did you know that the estj and istj have opposite cognitive functions to enfjs ? i had an estj ... why would you bottle them up ? ? my first love was an isfj . we dated for about 3 years ... they are amazing . i think , especially with enfjs , they can really take care of your needs , and we can give them the love and appreciation ... i think hulk is esfp . this is because i have seen two ( male and female ) esfps get super pissed off . they will punch through walls . it is a site to behold ! ! ( run for your lives ... ) on a second ... since agent coulson reveres in captain america and is very polite and caring , i think he may be an esfj . here are some quotes to captain america : i gotta say , it's an honour to meet you , ... this is my analysis : thor : estp ( like an istp , but more extroverted ! very rugged nonetheless ) ironman ( tony stark ): entp ( inventive , all over the place ) captain america : isfj ( emotional , ... i met my enfj friend at a high school friend's party . over 7 years , we stayed in touch , while i lived in another state or another country . he's been amazing and i've been able to tell him a lot of ... i would never do that to a homeless person . but perhaps there is some truth to how people may percieve us . i do go away from people for long periods of time , because they hurted me in some way and i ... i rage cleaned because i learned that this is how you deal with stress from my sj family . when i lived alone i did it for awhile but sooner or later , i didn't do it because there was no longer that ... although i agree with developing your first and second preference , i think it's also important to understand the limitations of your intuition which is usually in the tertiary and inferior ... my mum is an istj and my aunt is an esfj . they repeat themselves like nobody's business . i must say something's do need repeating and are good for an nf child , like financial matters and protecting ... my mother is an istj led by the dominant introverted sensing ( si ) . she usually spends a lot of her time by herself thinking about what had happened in the past and recalls it with great detail and ... my theory is that even though we have a preference for one type of personality , we still have and can recognise all of the functions - it's just that it's going to drain us if we use it . so all ... have you ever thought that you're too judgmental ? and , why does everything have to go your way ? this is exactly the problem i have with my infj sister . i always give in to her and with respect . so ... i have way too many infjs in my life right now . i'm even beginning to doubt their rarity ! ! too many close infjs and i can feel their judgmentality force ! ! has anyone come across an unhealthy ... thank you seeker ! yes i had a close enfj friend who stood by me ... so it appears to be true , that the only personality who can give just as much as the enfj is another enfj ! infjs are okay , but they ... don't feel bad , i think this is completely normal and a coming of age thing ... the concept of good and bad seems to be really important to us enfjs as we are always trying to find the right value ... too much padding . this isn't really a complaint . i wish i wasn't so fe dominant sometimes . it's so hard to switch it off . at university , i learned from the nts to be cold and impartial over social things . i can appreciate it and see why being ... also , our shadow is istp . i don't understand why we are talking about istjs . i worked in a place where everyone was not so nice . it made me become anti social and i hated it because i'm a social person and like to get along with everyone . enfjs get affected by their ... i must say this is kind . uhm i'm an enfj . and yes , the infps get that way ... but not me . i don't believe in fairy tales as a point to mature on . i do believe in good ethics though but this seems to fly around with you guys ... you guys can be funny though in an unconventional sense and good at comps . but yeah , how's your love life ? ? is it full of drama and chaos ? ? my ex bf was an estp . it was the worst relationship i ever had and my heart was broken for the first time . now that i realised he's an estp , there's no problem . i feel much better knowing that he's ... in my asian family , there is an istj mum , infj sister , enfp cousin , esfp cousin , esfj aunt ... all varieties in this region maybe you guys need the love of nfs . apparently cleopatra ( enfj ) fell in love with julius caesar ( entp ) - the love story of the ages . i am having a similar experience though never thought caesar ... i didn't realise how cold i get . i shun everyone from me when i'm in this mode . seeing people around really helps though and also just being comfortable with yourself when your alone . i try to ... have you ever encountered him or you being jealous ? i had my guy friend who i've known for aages over my house and we played video games . my istp ( roommate ) didn't say hello or good morning to me ... wayupnorth , thanks for your comments . i am still not officially together with my istp and its been 6 months since we've met . things are still feeling the same , ie warm but i think we are both nervous ... my istp just complimented me . sometimes i have no idea how to reply to it . it is golden . i think istps are hot but spend way too much time being by themselves . share your awesomeness more why don't cha ? i'm finding that my istp is reacting much more when i appear bored with the relationship . how does this work ? giving someone a chance will only and honestly happen when you realise that even though you can be very capable and independent on your own , there is still some part of you that feels the void of ... i rest my case . whatever . no one cares anyway . that is true physically but ... mentally or spiritually ? how about dying with people you love beside you in your last days of living ? how about making your life worthwhile to other people besides ... do you really think the best thing is to die a lonely death ? well if so , fine . whatever . nobody cares anyway . [ pretend shadow istp talking ] here's my list of pros and cons for enfj-istp relationship as far as a i can see it ( for maturing istps and enfjs only ) pros 1 . feel so close by calvin harris is enfj-istp theme song . it's a ... i have known 5 istps in my life , either in family , friends or at work . i am trying out a relationship with an istp guy at the moment who seems to be quite ' perfect ' for me on and off the paper . ... i definitely think he's an entp . i have an entp friend , who is also a doctor , and they both buzz the same way . matt smith as the doctor is hot however . hopeless romantic . it's awful and crippling . you guys need to give people a chance . entp archetype - doctor who ( matt smith ) is hot . i'm great friends with an entp . we have a brother-sister relationship but i think he is perhaps too much of a brainiac for anything to happen . it is pheremone buzzkiller sometimes ! ! advice is ... i want to save the world , but in order to do this , i must save myself first to save you and the rest of humanity . [ quote = aquc ; 2422453 ] first off , necro ... [ quote ] inferior fe . sorry to hear that . i'm am beginning something with an istp at the moment but not yet a couple . far out , i hope it doesn't take him a year to say thanks but no thanks ! '