' fair enough , thanks for clarifying , that paints in a different light in that you are seeking understanding , and i'm certainly willing to engage in that . yes , i am fine with expanding upon that i ... your question seems rather vested in a fair bit of pretense to be quite honest . using a number of vague anecdotal examples , it seems you are attempting to brag i'm tougher than you , which is ... currently supremely bored at work ... have submitted all assigned projects , and i have went around the office to each of my peers seeing if i can take some work . when all this is to no avail , i see ... you request is indeed perplexing ... the best way i've learnt to demonstrate empathy is to listen intently . i've come to understand that people who are hurting emotionally often are not seeking a ... i tend to find great amusement in dark humor ... particularly due to the 10 years i've been in the military . other people around me ... not so much . 549986 so i double posted , and i don't know how to delete it , so have more dogs committing shenanigans as a form of apology : 539354 5393 62 539370 5393 78 539386 still stuck on dogs . 539306 5392 98 539314 5393 22 and pissed off animals , that's funny too : 539330 since it is the bane of my existence at my job currently , i'm gonna guess cyber security ? it has been such blessed relief to be away from the office for the past week , doing the type of job that i expected to do , i even had the opportunity to catch some of the highlights of this week on ... as far as not being an intj and wishing to share one's ambition , i do not mind , any are welcome to to the question , or at least to ponder it . as to whom i wish liberation from ? there are many . ... dogs . i am struck with an odd and unusual mood that has me rather pensive , so i'll throw this one out to the arena , to folks who process ideas / emotion similarly . plus , in the relative anonymity of this ... i'll bite , the theme seems quite interesting , perhaps the film may live up to it . 536962 i would have thought i'd be highest on the erudite side , but , whatever . i do not as often find myself frustrated or bored with subjects as much as i was frustrated with methods of teaching . and i am not merely talking about an inept professor , as i'm sure that no matter ... i sit here , thousands of miles away from my home country , disgusted with my culture right now . over fifty people are dead , but instead of taking time to mourn the fallen and to let the respective ... just endured a major move around of the brigade staff ... i now have to share 1/3 of a desk , in a large and loud open bay office . my assigned chair is at the choke point of two high traffic areas ... i frankly do not see where people would get that perception . firstly , a key characteristic that tends be common in intjs is a thirst for knowledge , and the desire to see things from every angle . ... for your main question , where am i from , i'll list it out : - i was born in the united states . - i was raised in brasil ( which is the proper spelling , a . because it is spelled that way in ... i don't necessarily think that philosophy is necessarily an f type subject , particularly given how many of the great philosophers were very much thinkers . as an example , the socratic method of ... it somewhat depends , i have a tendency to remember any types of kindness of favors done for me , since to me it is only sensible to attempt to reciprocate and return the favor to people whom you've ... this is both incredibly amusing to me ( because the dumb-ass didn't cover his reserve handle , and may have in fact been the one to catch it and accidentally activate it ) , but it is also my nightmare : ... i utterly despise them , and i don't mean mere jump scare nonsense or simple little things like that , which one can predict and plan for , i largely mean event driven surprises that ruin planning , ... lol , fair enough on that man , it definitely did get my attention . i suppose i can't leave a question i've taken the time to read though unanswered either ... hey anthraex , i noted i was mentioned , so i was curious as to the context . upon reading the conversation , i would say that vunar ' s advice is good , and i'd like to take a moment to build on the ... situation . if someone needs sense knocked into them , the bluntness of my tone and speech will be like that of a bludgeon , and if the individual is thick , it could be a bludgeon to death verbally ... i have to coach , teach , mentor a young officer on how to properly write an operations order ... i am running in to a problem where his writing is of extremely low quality due to a mixture of ... that which is mentally challenging , and is interesting enough to keep me mentally engaged . i typically find things where you are passively engaged in it , no actively thinking or doing something ... satire that cleverly makes fun of my profession ( especially , when it is made by people within the profession , since they know precisely how to get me rolling ): ... folks who wish to share feelings , and address in such a direct way ? no , particularly if they know me . when someone specifically communicates that they would like to share something , it is generally ... i have only studied it . the products i largely deal with are presentations on word , excel , powerpoint , cpof , jcr , and things of that nature . a while back i did 2 years of c + + programming , but that ... yes , and out of necessity , particularly professionally , and i take great care ( and , admittedly , pride ) in the efficient manner in which i manage time . allow me to explain the manner in which i ... in fairness , there is a level of observation , and understanding of body language and micro-gestures that must be invested before one can conclusively state an individual is acting as a ... no . i utterly despise and actively avoid drama , to the point that i've gotten rid of the television , and stopped watching most tv and news entirely because almost everything had to inject drama ... i've been asked whether i get excited about things ... : laughing : i don't exactly get giddy as a school girl over things if that is what you are asking . however , if the question is more along the ... i often tend to prefer to dine alone , but i think it has more to do with previous experience and stimuli than being an intj quite frankly . but let me preface the full explanation of this with a ... i get very grumpy and my sarcasm level is over 9000 ! ! ! whenever i'm at a severe lack of sleep . heh , in fact , 2 weeks ago in a field exercise where i was managing unit reports during a training ... change in mood , aggravated music thyme that verbalizes and aggravated thought . artist : disturbed genre : nu-metal or aggro-metal track : vengeful one ... * sigh * where to begin ? - touching - repeating myself - oversimplifications of complex topics - narcissists - being forced into large social interactions and settings - tardiness and ineptitude ... i find it somewhat perplexing that there are folks out there that don't want friends at all . while admittedly if i spend too much time around people , or , particularly , if i spend time with too ... i hear you on this one , unless there is enough complexity in the characters and / or plot , or the show addresses a topic in which i'm keenly interested in , i very rarely sit through any tv show or ... professional snark : 519762 5197 70 519778 and general snark : 519786 5197 94 i divide my favorite fictional intjs into two categories : protagonists and antagonists : protagonists : i think gandalf the grey takes the # 1 for my top protagonist ( even though intjs good guys ... though i cannot speak for every intj out there , i would surmise that many intjs will suffer some form of depression if they are unable to find something useful to do in their life . i had a ... in korea , even the bullet have to climb mountains to reach their targets : 519746 and yay ... i'm back from the field finally ... it is nice to have quiet again . this emotive response armed with sarcasm simply provides a concrete example to the abstract that i provided earlier . thank you . outside of the usual stereotypes , i think a metaphor will answer this adequately . many people do not like to see themselves in the mirror , for all these people can see are flaws . it is not the ... it is difficult to say how one can help an intj who has slipped into depression , typically we will isolate ourselves , and the typical sarcasm that is wielded in a humorous manner becomes biting , ... genre : power metal artist / band : sabaton current track : primo victoria it's my relaxation music m / my perspective on it is this : no , there is no way to objectively say that all religion is false , and neither is there any way to conclusively prove that any religion is true . this brings forth ... the current languages and fluency levels i have are as follows : english ( fluently ) portuguese ( fluently ) spanish ( moderately well ) italian ( rough , but i could make it in rome ) arabic ... '