that's very true for me , at least ! i get along greatly with thinking types , but i can't seem to think of them more than friends . i always get stuck in relationships with feeling types , but we end up ... have been too busy with work to log on . just to update , after our ridiculous conversation which ended with him telling me it's the end , he texted me the next day to apologize for talking that way ... yes , i'm just going to start moving on and actually have already moved on quite a bit . manipulating and playing games or over complicating things isn't my thing . i think it's time to look for nt men . i just took an empathy quiz from entj forum , and it turns out i'm almost close to having asperger syndrome , and i just don't have enough empathy to deal with an ... def not interested in an entj . after ending a relationship with an sf , i'm starting to really appreciate my intj male friend ! 29 ... i'm actually ashamed of this score . i thought i'd score more ... neither . i analyze and take it as it is . past is past , and i should learn from it ! so had a talk on the phone . his reason for breaking up was due to my being too harsh sometimes and mostly my not wanting to settle down . so , i apologized for being harsh and told him i'm willing ... thanks , gurlygurl ! as an nt , it's really hard to understand esfj i guess . i tried to talk to him after the breakup , but he's being very harsh and was twisting everything i was saying . it's really ... been dating an esfj for almost a year now . he started mentioning marriage and wanting to settle down with me about 5 months ago . things have been going very well , and a couple of days ago , my esfj ... i'm hating myself right now for being an nt . right now , i'm feeling that i'm way too worrisome , over analyzing and not enjoying the moment . i sometimes just want to switch off my thinking and just ... when i have to deal with something with a lot of detail required . my previous job was very detail oriented , and it made me feel like the most incompetent person on the planet . in order for this relationship to work out , there should be a lot of communication in order to really understand each other . it's a fantastic relationship when two aren't involved in a deeper level ... like talking to a brick wall ! it's a bad version of my sj friend who is one of the most short-sighted person i've ever met . did it on excel , and i got 288 ... why do i get a feeling this will never work out ? i never play hard to get . i think playing hard to get is the stupidest thing . probably she isn't interested ? also , i don't think entj women are necessarily ' scary ' or masculine . i appear to be ... i tend to judge a person briefly after getting to know . a lot of people think i act judgmental , but what can i say , i've never been wrong . when i interact with a person , everything catches my ... haha , can't agree more ! being an entj , i for one , do not like clingy people . i also don't like being in a relationship with someone who likes guessing games . be communicative verbally . usually , nf types can misunderstand me , but we tend to easily talk things through to work out . so , i guess it's the sf types who i often have troubles with . have an entj male friend . i personally get attracted to intellectual introverts . i always thought of my entj male friend to be too uppity for my taste . also , he is always ready to have a debate , ... i'm definitely an introvert . i immensely enjoy time alone . but , i guess i get tested as an extrovert since i can be a life of party and am amazing at speaking infront of a huge group of people such ... i emotionally connect through films and books . i don't quite grasp the concept of emotionally connecting with a person and what it'd be like to be totally honest . i can admire someone , like ... the allure of i men . i love myself some introverts . there's something very sexy about them . i think it's fun romantically speaking . it's passionate , somewhat intellectual , fuss free , and pretty much everything you'd look for . but , it turns hell pretty quickly . it must be because i was in the exact same kind of relationship with infp . i was the world's biggest bitch to him , yet he couldn't get enough of me . he found me very offensive but kept telling me ... one year relationship with an infp man , it was very abusive . he thought i was the worst person in the world , and he told me so . he constantly told me i was mean , bitchy , uncaring , cold , not ... being a pathological liar is for con mans and stupid people . you are bound to get caught sooner or later lying about petty things . it's simply not big-picture oriented to be a pathological liar . too relaxed and unfocused for my taste . good match as in friends tho . i agree about estjs . they seem to have much easier time getting along with people which i admire . i'd make a terrible auditor . i guess i just have to keep a faith in myself that my big picture ... good to finally hear some insight on this . i was actually talking about strategy consulting . an entj male friend of mine did not pass the first round of interview with one of the top 3 firms . i ... haha , same here . can't agree more , and sometimes it hinders me from moving forward as i'm too caught up with the idea that i'm underachieving and be hard on myself . yes , i think it kind of fits entj personality . apparently no one has any insights on this . :( do entjs make good strategy consultants ? if so , i want to hear about your experiences , or why you think entjs are fit for this job . please share your experience in consulting industry ! i should ... i used to be the person you described above . i thought i was being helpful and nothing more by giving solutions . unfortunately , not everyone thinks the same or has same goals and outlooks in life . ... i need to get myself into a different mode since empathy doesn't come naturally for me . i need to put extra effort on communicating with a person to try to show more empathy . honestly speaking , i ... i don't really know anything about entps . again , about this girl i know , she seems to be more caught up with social rules and laws much more than me and abides by the rule . for me , if i see a ... i'm not good with mbti either , at all . but , comparing myself to an entp girl i know , i think i'm much more verbal , blunt , out to get something and more of a risk-taker . overall , i exude more anger ... although i'm a woman , i send out strong signals that i'm attracted . i'm not good with being patient figuring out if we are both interested or not . i'd rather save myself some time and be direct . ... entp calling entj strange . hmm xxx no wonder i have hard time with women . haha , it sounds like me . paranoia much ? that sounds like a living hell . i might only allow myself a day like that maybe once a year . i actually envy the fact that you can lead a kind of lifestyle you described above and not be depressed ... i agree . if a man hates his job , is not driven , and isn't doing anything about changing the situation for the better even though he holds a great job ( i've dated one ) , i won't find him attractive . ... found some articles . what the length of your index finger says about you | mail online if this is true , it explains my obsession for chess as a child . does this mean many nt women are likely ... my left ring finger is about an inch longer where as my right one is half an inch . i read from some news article weeks ago that it somehow only applies for right hands . funny , i'm fantastically good at monopoly . i start off slow , and towards the end , everyone else is dirt poor left with no money . hmm , i'm a little confused . my score is : your noble score is 8 your socratic score is 6 your reflective score is 8 pretty much everything you said + quitting smoking + not letting sj view on life and judgment get to me + becoming richer + proving to sjs in my life that i'm not someone with head in the cloud ...