i've been here before , asking this but heck , at least i've narrowed it down to two options this time ! i really do think i must be one of these . does anyone have a couple of questions to ask me that ... ... others want to do something as a surprise for you , the best bet is to do it right in front of your face ... you feel opinionated and assertive in your own head , but come across as sweet and ... i identify with infp in theory , but in practice , when i meet other infp's , they are so quiet that i can't believe i am one . i am quite warm and social and friendly , you see . i am also intense and ... well , i don't know if my post will help much as i am unsure if i am and fi or fe user , but i have had very clear reactions to death and they are nothing to do with how other people are reacting but ... gosh , thanks for all those comments :) so it seems infp's have an easier time ' telling ' ... would that be right , in general ? i struggle between enfp or enfj or infj or even sometimes i ... hi there , it seems to me that nf's have the most trouble deciding once and for all which frigging type they are ! why is that ? and is there anyone out there who thinks they can describe each of ... yup , me too - enfp but with high use of te and rejection of fi - aargh ! this makes a lot of sense , simulated world , thanks . esp . the disorders part - we all know , when we read disorders , which ... just have to say - you guys are so cool ! ! i love you . i loved history , just so interesting and the teacher was hilarious , had some good discussions too . i liked chemistry , fascinating . and english was great once we started doing poetry and ... hello eveni :) you are looking to see whether your lead function - as an introvert that means the stuff going on in your head all the time - is logical deduction ( ti ) , or a more holistic / people ... i love you god ! you are definitely an entp . i am married to one and you are practically twins - that word play with the penis , p'ness , sick pigs thing just gave it away :) in my experience ... well that would be nice and simple wouldn't it . trouble is , i don't get angry much and if i do , it is usually at myself , or just generally because i am feeling irritable and not at any one person in ... well i am definitely an introvert then . do you actually know any people who would go down the street and start greeting random strangers though ? have read some more infj stuff and am beginning to ... of course ! another genius ... how can i thank you ! : wink : ( was it the peanut butter that gave it away ? ) i think i might be an infj and i relate to a lot of your comments . i have been called a realist by the most perceptive people i know , the others call me an optimist but that's because i will usually ... these are surely the best questions yet , you are a genius ... yes , i eat peanut butter , i have 5 kids , i can only think of celeb's i don't like , and your name would have to be rumplestiltskin , right ? yes , well maybe i am talking about situations with relatives and people others introduce to me and who seem to like me ... im just not a shy to talk person . i will open up about myself quite readily ... well that's nice , thank you .. even after i said that when people get hurt , i get irritated ? ? ? so what ' type ' do you think i am if not enfj ? i do think i am friendly and outgoing and ... thanks for all you said hasenj :) i am a very friendly introvert i think , which means i get quite excited and talkative when with people , but will stick to one person in depth ( if they seem to be ... i have my family , beyond that , people i love from all over the globe ( but don't see much ) . and , everyday , just my family - grown up daughters and son plus husband - and one or two others that i fell ... no , i don't think so . i would try to explain my beliefs well i do feel affectionately towards the people that serve me at the garage / grocery store etc . but don't exactly make friends with them , just smile and chat a little and feel connected , you know ? ... i would put others first , the tricky bit is more when there are multiple others and you have to choose who out of each of them to put first ! me , i can wait / fit in etc . when i mess up and cause ... thanks jojo , i have read that thread and some fits but not all . i do like people and am sensitive to people liking me i do despise conflict , but i like debate ( when there is other people on my ... when i am angry it is usually because i feel angry . it is a fault of mine that i don't have strong reaction to other people's hurt , i tend to be quite detached from that in a wierd way . sometimes ... i am good in social situations , feel quite comfortable though will usually start out talking to the person i know and move from there depending on who seems to warm to me . if there is a mess , i ... hello confident and insightful enfj's - can you tell who is one of your own ? am i ? people on this site have typed me as infp but i am not so sure and think i may be enfj ... would really appreciate ... i definitely do this - it's really annoying ! i think it's because we assume everyone is trying to figure us out the way we instinctively figure other people out so we want them to be clear and to ... i like the word ' plum ' - it just sounds nice ! [ quote = ineffable ; 673777 ] this has been posted on a few other type's forums , but i didn't see it in the infp's forum . sorry if it's a repeat . what is your primary love language , as an infp ? ... no , no , please don't ! hello :) i am a 41 year old infp who got it right first time , i think ... so far ! ! though i wont take any credit for it , and it hasn't been an easy road ! i never sat and thought about what i ... i didn't mention that part of the patterns i see in life and creation would be very much taking into account history , those who have gone before , the wisdom of the ancients ! , good and useful ... let me help you with this . i find that it is wisest in general when helping people discover sometimes uncomfortable truths about themselves to state what you think as questions or suggestions – ... okay , for anyone who has followed this and is interested in how i came to a conclusion finally ( as finally as any np can anyway ) – i offer this . it was because of the way i dress . i just couldn ’ t ... but did the video help / confirm with typing me ? i have to say i am still not sure ( even though i do understand it's only a general thing ) . i am beginning to realise how annoying my confusion is for ... great ! i had to resist the temptation to take it again in a better light but i think the more i did it , the more unnatural it would get so ... :) thanks for this , have more to say later but gotta dash .. burnt the porridge already ! well craziness is a little relative isn't it ? i seem crazy to some , yet not to others . also i get stimulated to craziness in the presence of certain others ! but generally , i am a little more serious ... this is now really confusing . am i an fe or an fi user ? ? ? i so here is my video - it is shite , too dark and i didnt ' know what to say but maybe it will help ? ? ? i am more confident than this in ... good question . i guess f people get hurt when you ' ' see ' them wrong - we want you to see us , know us , trust our essential goodness etc . yet of course , we are as flawed and selfish and blinkered as ... plus i am the oldest child of tj parents so have probably taken on many of their values . gosh , okay . that kind of hurt - you sound irritated with me ? . your reasoning is wrong though . to let you in on what truly goes on in an nfp's mind ( since you are so convinced i am ) - we want to ... i suppose i think it means to sit and figure things out a lot - to analyse as objectively as you can and , combined with ne , from multiple perspectives .. now i say it , i don't think that's right ... vocalist : yes , i will try that - thanks :) ... okay did that . not infj . i''m too waffly , would love the precise one liner but just can't do it ! they seem very self contained , self controlled - i ... thanks robopop - i have looked at the interaction style thing but don't know what the big 5 is - do tell ! interaction style wise there is , again , no clear and obvious one with me . these days i do ... ' ' one line it ' ' ? what's that ? : wink : no , i can't decide and never will probably aaargh but i have decided not to drive everyone else crazy with it any longer ... the last thing i will do is post up ... thanks pro-at-filing - very sensible and , well , pretty much puts the matter to bed .. when i put the vid up , will prob be next week now , then hopefully that will be it ! ! yay ! big thanks all : happy : thanks vocalist , that was really helpful :) i don't think i am an fe type , based on what you've said . i don't , never have , ' attached myself ' ' to people like that - iam actually more detached ... so ask me some questions robopop ... what information do you need to discover my preferences ? ? ?