' 701226 never posted mine yet . i don't always mind boredom . sometimes it feels quite soothing . if he's an intj , he'd not give a shit if a girl asks him out . if he does , he's likely an istj . move on with your life . i identify with 4 a lot and 50 % with 6 . without reading anyone else's definition : the belief in something outside of the material world . i've realized that when someone talks about ni experiences , they often mean these aha ! moments ( or something similar ) . while i do experience these ( albeit not often ) , i don't see it as experiencing ... i assume you mean meeting someone in real life from this forum ? right now , just thinking about it makes me sigh . and deeply . there's currently no one from this forum whom i'd like to meet . or that's ... my intp friend would totally relate to what you ( the op ) said . the only thing stopping him is his laziness . i on the other hand cannot relate . i've no lust for information or knowledge ( in excess ) at ... to be honest i was very esxp-like as a child . i was into sports . i played football and competed in the junior games . though without much success . i wasn't very good . it's just that my mother ( who ... i'm not much of a sport fan . but if there's two sports i enjoy doing it's basket and floorball . not really into watching others play it though . i want to do it myself . i'm currently not active ... it sounds as if your virgin friend is hoping that you'll sympathize with him and get him laid . my threshold ( when it comes to sensory overload ) is certainly low . now , i'm not in the work place , but in school . and after school i hardly ever hang out with people . i've had enough of them , ... the way you use emoticons and describe your feelings makes you an f type . you are not an intj . you could , however , be an infj . that , or as previously mentioned , an isfj . that's what i arrived at just ... i've never once seen house as an intj . he always struck me as an entp for two reasons . one is highly subjective . and that is his looks , especially his facial texture . it has always struck me very ... you might be an enfj . you take exams too seriously . while they are important and all , you shouldn't let the exams become the end in and of themselves . they are the means for something you want to achieve in the future ... i remember your explanation as to why you would save the mona lisa . but i'd still choose the child . the reason is as numinosity said , instinctively . and since i'm not much of a cultural person , i'm ... in certain circumstances i could forgive someone who cheats on me , but i'd never cheat myself . or so i say . but i'm not infallible . your personality type : advocate ( vdi-m ) basically an infj according to this test . no . that's why i'm still single . and just like rexmaximus , it wasn't long ago when i too last said : i'm either going to find the right girl or be single the rest of my life . i'm by default a nice person towards anyone i meet . i'm just reserved . as for your questions : 1 ) do not criticise the person ( at least outwardly ) - inwardly i always criticize . outwardly ? a ) ... existential , intrapersonal and interpersonal . these 3 i tend to score the highest on . edit : took the test with scores . intrapersonal : 4.29 interpersonal : 3.43 linguistic : 3 logic / math : ... you made me interested . any online sources ? if i had any errors , admitting them wouldn't be a problem . problem is i've no errors . on a more serious note , just because someone perceive something i do as an error , doesn't make it one . i'm ... personally my group is kind of split into 2 . we consist of an entx , xstj , esxp , esfj , isfp , enfp , infp and me , an intj . while we then to hang around together ( and are friends ) , it's clear that we ... if you could construct your sentences in a more readable manner ; then perhaps . you have no clue how difficult it is when you create a new sentence on top of another . just write them out to the end ... don't withhold the truth . embrace it . i have to agree with what jumbotoo said . what you said in the op makes no sense . and this has nothing to do with mbti , socionics or jung . it's about you failing to communicate what's in your head ... dark intjs ? light yagami from death note is one of the classics . another more normal yet sadistic intj is sata kyouya form this anime : ... social sciences , humanities and philosophy for me . i took classes in psychology over physics . i just find the way schools teach the hard sciences to be lacking . they are better at teaching humanistic ... boring is the only way to describe it . although the second video had me more interested at first ( seeing somebody on fire ) . but meh , was pretty much the same throughout the video and i ended up ... but this topic was never about convincing others , now was it ? it was to explain why we believe in a god . it's up to you and you alone whether or not you buy it . to me it makes sense and that is ... i never once contradicted myself . you just didn't comprehend what i said . i said that to us , in our world , nothing can come from nothing applies . we use science . we use natural laws . we use the ... yes . there is such a possibility . i should remain open-minded to this possibility but i have difficulties swallowing it . the reason for this is what i stated in my original post : nothing can ... it isn't that there's no solution . it's simply that we cannot find a solution in our world . it's about tabula rasa and what we have experienced . if you have seen the color pink you can describe it ... he'd not invite you over to his house to watch a movie with you if he wasn't into you . nor would he seek out alone time from his friends to have a chat alone with you . and yes , i like romantic ... - triple post ( i tried to edit but it was a gray area and it posted instead ) - triple post ( i tried to edit but it was a gray area and it posted instead ) yes . i believe in a creator . just like parmenides i don't believe something can come from nothing . therefore i have to agree with aristotle's thought that there has to be a primus motor ; a first ... mom : esfj grandma : isfj uncle : istj cousin : istp good friend on the internet : intp good friend on the internet : infp friend in real life : istj barely ever read books . they are too tedious . if there is something i read , however , it has to be manga . type one : 31 type two : 0 type three : 24 type four : 22 type five : 55 type six : 20 type seven : 3 type eight : 18 type nine : 39 1 . my physique my fitness is bad and i'm fat . luckily this is something i can change if only i had the motivation to do so . 2 & 3 - i think this is the only thing i'd change about myself . i'm ... i suck at recalling events . when asked to quote what i heard being said , i only remember its meaning , not how it was said word for word . i also tend to remember how the events made me feel . is this a ... 1 . i only have a facebook account . i don't have instagram , snapchat , twitte , whatsup or whatever is popular . i don't have any apps or games downloaded either . heck i don't even bring my phone to ... it's just a game they tell me as i shout in my mic . sure i'm a try-hard when it comes to gaming . your theory makes sense . after all the founder of rationalism was rené descartes ; an intp . another supporters of rationalism was baruch spinoza ( infj ) . i was thus about to say : and if i'm not wrong ... i have met people more knowledgeable than me . i have met people who are more intelligent than me . but i've not met anyone wiser than myself . thus i find it difficult to explain shortly what i mean ... do you want to structure everything you know ? e . g . you have an internal structure of x is true and y is false and every time you learn something new , you check whether or not it fits with your inner ... '