you know you're an entp when other people think you overshare on facebook but you're just wondering why everyone else is being a stiff and using it like linkedin . it's facebook , no one cares unless ... focusing just on youth culture - at least in the uk , the 90s are so different from now . this is a great example . what was only at the fringes then , only ... someone just described me as being like a cartoon character who has one of those lightbulbs that light up whenever an idea occurs . you enter into a debate and make a convincing case . 10 minutes ... infj ^ i hope you get to sleep soon . i suggest just lying there listening to it and accepting it until you pass out / sleep . 4:05 in the morning and here i am trying to think about who the real me is ... i used to be less aware of it . i am a social person which probably confused things but there is no doubt that i spend the majority of my time recharging and that i have to force myself to interact ... try becoming wiser not smarter . work with the smarts you have and absorb all the information you can pertaining to areas of interest . throw yourself into new situations which give you new skills and ... 556866 5568 50 when you use google maps to look up some directions , then suddenly find yourself looking for the most obscure inhabited areas on the planet such as dakhla attitude hotel in the western sahara or air ... yes . usually when i'm doing anything mundane like tidying . i make myself panic-rush finishing the job worried that i'm missing something more exciting while doing it . it also means i procrastinate , ... vocaroo | voice message stereotypical english accent incoming . i was reclusive for nearly a year after a breakdown . i used to be entp but test all the time as intp ( for anyone who's wondering where i've popped up from ) . i'm just learning how to engage with ... y - 1 . i am easily overwhelmed by strong sensory input . n - 2 . i seem to be aware of subtleties in my environment . y - 3 . other peoplex 92s moods affect me . n - 4 . i tend to be very sensitive to ... when you get told you are patronising but lack the self awareness to see how . when you ask why the other person tells you ' that's just how you are , there's nothing you actually say which could fix ... day off from work today . woke up had coffee did dishes i had left in the sink the night before had lunch in town did some food shopping watched prime ministers questions on catchup cut hair ... back on my old account . thanks for sorting it out , jenny ! it's ridiculous , i don't know who to contact ? is there a thread about it anywhere ? who else has this affected ? i hope you manage to sort it . hello , my old account was ' forward ' . i looked at using the ' contact ' option but there was no option for problems with logging in . i am aware a data breach has taken place but attempts to ... not knowing whether to add work colleagues because you know that once you add them , there will be an expectation to communicate with them outside of work when i know full well i rarely communicate ... the key there was probably the heat . you probably observed it wasn't cooking properly and so turned the heat up hoping it would then do the trick . regardless , a low simmer should ensure that the rice ... entp for quite a while . now estj . on a daily bruh . the second one . all i know is that the answers i give for mbti tests - answering as honestly as ever , have changed and remained that way for quite a long time now . but yeah i ... my older sister playing ace of base and whigfield over and over again . you have memories from when you were only 1 ? from each according to his ability , to each according to his needs . stoic . 152 was my last score . usually ranges between 145-155 . hi , this seems like the best thread to introduce myself . i used to be entp now i am estj . quite a big change but the test results have been the same now for a long time . i'm not going to dwell ... i used to be an estp so i feel like this is a good question to answer . generally i used to a lot more questioning about everything - even about small details that didn't even really matter in the ... ^ ^ this . frustratingly , i find delayed emotional reaction to be a thing . i believe entps can be emotional but comprehension of said emotions is done differently . quite often for me its like a ... when you can relate to this statement : ' entps should avoid at all costs the temptation to turn a discussion about the causes of a friend's recent breakup into competitive intellectual fodder . ' and ... people who only talk to you when they want something . just no . this one is a more personal ' you knew you were intp when ' ... basically , i've gone from an entp and flipped hard into introversion . tests are repeatedly confirming what i've gradually realised over ... easily getting other people to open up about how they feel and providing them an understanding ear or an shoulder to cry on etc . but incredibly difficult to articulate your own emotions and feelings ... you know you're an entp when planning a party with friends you suggest a gas party with helium and sulphur hexafluoride . it didn't get accepted . but it will happen one day . :P this is why ' natural selection ' exists . x_x the most pointless internet-based craze ever . even nyan-cat is better . x_x a debate should be like an exciting boxing match with an element of fair play , not an anarchic marathon with competitors bitch slapping each other and shouting ' yo mamma ' for 2 weeks . i'm so much ... i can't decide if this is a game or not but its been funny to read so far . :) the reason i joined was because i was faced with a huge life change that made question my identity - after taking the personality type test , this forum helped me understand myself much better and ... when you decide that learning about nuclear physics makes perfect sense if you're studying modern history - my logic is , if you're going to discuss a threat that plays a major role in 20/21 st century ... was never a fan of action figures or toys that only served one function . i used to take them apart to see what was inside or how they were joined together when i got bored of them ... this destroyed ... 6w5 , 3w2 , 9w8 : ninja : i remind myself that unmanaged procrastination will lead to certain failure so it makes sense to avoid procrastinating and get things done . anyway , a sense of accomplishment is far more satisfying ... * positive spin * i get on with people who aren't overly sensitive ! :p roud : i'm supposed to be an ' entp ' but i've tested as enfj on several occasions and can relate a lot to what's been said here . :) its worrying how easily i can shift between the two . :P i believe ( from ... i wish i did pure history instead of alongside japanese . xd you get to argue , play devil's advocate and have such a wide-range of nations and periods to look at in the history of our world that ...