it's all about quantity , not quality ! i love waterhouse's work . his work provides an emotional experience that can only be understood by those who are patient enough to study the subject's body language and the metaphors within . i think ... i know four enfj girls at the moment . girl 1 : we used to be close friends in junior high , but drifted when she went to study abroad . when she came back , she was for some reason super apprehensive ... hey guys ! i've just invited 80 people to my place for a huge house party ! no cats allowed i'm an infp , and i'm a huge self-confessed narcissist . and so is one of my other infp friends . infps can be narcissistic as hell too . its just that our ( infp ) brand of narcissism can be rooted in ... existentialist the existentialist is a rare individual , an individual that values freedom and takes responsibility for the ... i know that in an ideal world , biological gender shouldn't be a reason for me to feel uncomfortable traveling to certain places . japan is very safe , which helps with this weird anxiety i have about ... so in a few weeks , i'm going on a backpacking trip through shikoku , a large island in the south of japan . for about two weeks . i've always been a bit scared to travel completely alone , as i am ... yentipeee i guess ' emotional ' boundaries was the wrong term in this case . we set boundaries . for example , we would promise each other not to take the sexual relationship further than sexual - but ... vimerge this sort of thing is exactly what this forum is for . the better you understand yourself and why you react or process things in the way you do , the more you can look at your individual ... vimerge no one's here to ridicule you or your rough past , and i'm sorry you had such shitty experiences with shitty girls . i think what's problematic with both you and elliott roger is how you ... there goes my gun - pixies double post . and i enjoyed every second of it . i did find time to introspect and improve as a person from my casual sexual encounters , more than you would like to believe . i learned that certain people are ... from my experience , casual sex was lots of fun , but only with the right people . it was hit and miss for me . not because i would end up hurt or anything , but because i'd experience lack of sexual ... longing for belonging . since i'm japanese , here are some japanese ones : cat : nyaa , or nyan dog : wan-wan , or kyan-kyan ( if it's a smaller dog ) mouse : chuu elephant : paooon cow : moh sparrow : chun-chun chick : ... nation i can see why people would be drawn to this sort of thing - all these beliefs offer the same premise - that there is more to our human experience than our biological , physical , ... the extent of my introversion . it's the reason why it's hard for me to make friends . i don't trust most people enough to respect my need to be alone . paganism as a concept interests me . then again , religions that revolve around worshiping the individual self and his / her own body ( rather than a god or multiple gods ) interest me as well . satanism is ... befriend and speak to people who are completely different from you in terms of personality . let them coerse you into doing something that you never imagined ever doing . embrace your alone-ness , in ... i'm so sorry that people can be so horrible about something as trivial as physical appearances . the people who called you names surely had insecurities of their own , so if anything , you should feel ... 1 . is it a photo of you or not ? no . 2 . why did you choose the avatar you have ? it's a photograph by contemporary photographer alexey galushkov . i love the composition and the form of the ... as alittlesalt has said , i think that engaging in hobbies and interests that allow or demand subjectivity can do wonders . go explore a new genre of music or art - or give yourself some time to do ... esfp , intj , estp , istp , infp , intp , in order :) i think it also depends on which type of infp you are ( referring to pearslug's 3 types ) . i for one , am never clingy with anybody , except for maybe my intp . my philosophy of ' if it bothers you , don't ... i currently know 3 infps , all very different from each other in many ways , but all definitely infp ( tested ) . two of the infps are girls i know from college , it's not that i don't get along with them ... this so much ! i can't agree more . i didn't mean to say you're still literally a kid , i meant kid as in offspring . as in , the person who was born to your parents . the fact that you were born to them and raised by them is not something ... so apparently , tyrion lannister is a true neutral like myself . i'm so okay with that : laughing : bring me my whores and wine ! i don't know if this counts as badass , but i'm planning on going backpacking all alone through southern japan in june . it's a little college graduation gift to myself . i'll be hitchhiking , talking to ... nation full-heartedly agree . loving yourself first is probably the most important step . loving yourself enough to not keep putting yourself through the same damaging relationships is so ... i'm not sure if i personally agree with this ... i think it depends on whether you're the type of infp that happily learns from mistakes or is permanently traumatized by them . but even ... entj father . we barely understand each other . he's very conservative in all of his views , and thinks of me as a rogue hippie or something . when he realizes he agrees with something i said ( which ... i can usually brush off criticisms about things i do that don't necessarily hurt other people . e . g . about how ' eccentric ' i am , how much of a loner i am , how i have ' bad taste ' in things , or how i'm ... debating for the sake of debating here : if a person who is proven to be guilty is convicted to spend life in prison , it is perhaps more reasonable to end their life instead of 1 ) essentially ... wants , by philip larkin beyond all this , the wish to be alone however the sky grows dark with invitation-cards however we follow the printed directions of sex however the family is ... true neutral , always have been . i'm on nobody's team but my own . if i do decide to take sides or be ' good ' or ' evil ' , it is an internally influenced decision , and not because someone told me to ... i completely understand this . people start probing at my personal space only when i'm silent . i say throw them a bone , and let them nibble at that instead of the lining of my personal bubble . i'm not even trolling or trying to be mean right now , i've just actually had this ridiculous hypothetical scenario playing all day in my head today while at work , and i couldn't stop laughing . please ... mactheknife where can i obtain one of these shirts you speak of ? i need something to match my ' leave me alone ' forehead tattoo . exactly this right here . saying people don't have the right to interact with you simply suggests a delusional diva mentality . i don't think anyone owns anybody , even parents don't own their kids . but i think that unless you've gone through some form of malicious and intentional abuse from your parents , it's a bit ... and a parent has no right to interact with the kid they worked hard to raise ? we're not talking about friends from school here , but two people who obviously love and respect you enough to have gone ... this . 1 . what is your enneagram type and instinctual subtype ? 5w4 sp / sx , i'm in my mid - 20s . 2 . which types have you dated , and what were their enneagram types ? these are all my ' serious ' ... aaah double post . i'm not sure if this counts , but i quite frequently see snakes in my dreams . a very common dream i have is of a shiny black snake ( a black adder , perhaps ? ) coiling itself around my arm and soon ... lonely . i miss my peaceful , big , beardy bear of an intp . long distance sucks so much . i've also just eaten one too many oreos .