' lol . but hey , men can be gorgeous too . nope . lack of if anything . i know self-esteem and pride aren't the same , but with self-esteem as low as mine , it is difficult to have pride . when i am in a situation that could draw some positive ... tripping over nothing , running into my own door , constantly dropping cups at work ( which are unusually and inconveniently loud when they hit the ground ) , bumping my head on cabinets that have been ... yeah , and i wasn't really patient either ... sometimes i'd just say f it . couldn't feel it anyways . glad those days are over . quiet by susan cain . i wish everyone would read it , introverts might be seen a little differently ... hmm i find infp men far more appealing than infp women . it seems like they'd be very generous too . it's possible , might come down to looks though . thanks :) really do appreciate that . and i used to use heroin / coke iv . was out of my mind by the end . sleeping in a tent in west oakland D: i used to think , and still do sometimes , i'm an isfp . even though the istps and isfps are worlds apart from what i've heard . based on the description , i would love an isfp . correct me if i'm wrong , ... i'm in training to be a noodle ambassador ( ughhh ) at noodles & company . i like that there's always something to do and everyone is supposed to be equals ( no dishwasher or bathroom cleaner , we all ... i love jeans and a plain tank tops . but i add a shiz ton of jewelry too . then sandals , vans , or converse . if i'm trying to impress someone , i'll wear shorts and a tucked in tank top with some cool ... my band-d 12 hilarious ! i miss slim shady ... ... was a little weirdo . i would become obsessed with things , eventually animals . especially dogs . i got called the girl with mad dog disease clever ? i was smart too , or at least learned quickly ... welcome allergy ! i'm an istp ( almost positive ) and new as well . learned fast that the fellow istps aren't big on intros in our type forum , so just a heads up there lol . hope you enjoy it here , i've ... i thought so at first too . like miya said though , if you download tapatalk you can't see them . it's convenient too . ispf ? very cool avatar . istps are apparently gorgeous :D hmm i do like the typical istp thrill-seeking things a lot : rafting , roller coasters , bungee jumping , sex , driving fast , blah blah blah . i find myself doing mellower things more often though . i love ... sweet , thanks ! good to feel a part of the istp community now . yeah i can see that a little already . some great topics though . okay after surfing around this thread a little i can see istps can be sarcastic . just a bit . sooo to the point : was that serious ? lmao , no way never . yes i do . i'm a dork and apparently talk down on myself lol . usually jokingly at least . and no problem , glad it's cleared up . oopsss . after this thread , trust me : lesson learned lol i saw that when after it was too late . didn't wanna post in yet another place lol . thanks though thanks petipelerin . it is tough but never as bad as when i was using . like you touched on , there's things we have to do that we wouldn't normally for drugs . we have to be different people at ... seralya-yeah i see what you're saying . i would never ask that question though and i know i express myself sounding like a feeler ( my choice of words ) , but my behavior and the content of what i say ... titanic makes me cry , but not when i'm going through a major depressive episode or even when i have any major personal issues going on . i do cry easily over animals though . when my dog died , i cried ... when i very first got into mbti , i thought i was an intp . after reading the description i thought it sounded kinda almost mostly like me . i thought it was a cool and then convinced my whole family ... i didn't realize that was her point . and yeah , i get it then . didn't have to be a douche about it though . only offended by the immaturity of that post . i thought i did explain ? thanks :D they're rats actually , just babies . awesome pets . well like the last poster said i just thought it was normal to introduce yourself . and i realize they are . same with intp . the reason i felt a possible f is because i'm really into activism and care ... yeah i was pretty sure she was trolling , but just in case . and uhhh thanks ... cinnamon , what are you talking about ? i'm completely confused ... i've been through all my threads and can't find a single post by you . that was not necessary , i don't know you , and i'm aware i'm ... whaaa ? thanks guys :) oops , ya i just started using tapatalk and can't seem to change it on here . i have a picture of me on my profile . i'm brunette , have blonde streaks that are fading . big brown eyes . big lips . some acne though and not a perfect nose . i like to dress in dark clothes , but not ... when i was an addict , i was more obsessed with drugs than anyone i knew too . animals . i was crazy obsessed with dogs when i was like 5-7 , so much i was picked on for it . now i'm all about becoming a wildlife veterinarian . i also got new baby rats and i spend so much time with ... i don't know if any of you saw my multitude of threads asking about my type lol . but i finally got some help and learned i'm an istp . i'd never , ever considered it before . always thought intp , isfp , ... thread title that is * oh yeah i just meant my last post lol . and no worries about reading just the thread . i do the same and end up repeating exactly what everyone already said lmao . and haa , ya like i said i wanted to be an intp so i feel ya . happier with istp though . but hey , i think those are great personalities for the most part . love isfps . lmao , i was sooo confused how you could've misread that . isfp was nowhere in there hahaa . but yeah , the one thing that bothered me about being infp is i'm just not overly emotional . i see them as ... after a lot of help from pianoasis , i learned i'm and istp . never even considered it , but thats more me than infp , enfp , and intp . thanks everyone ! ! ! oh okay . thanks for helping me out oops , nope . meant to put intp lol . and thank you :) very infpish . ah gotcha hahaa yeah that definitely makes me feel better . nothing alike lol . i feel , sometimes strongly about things , yeah . but that doesn't have to affect my decision making . suppose i'll assume i'm an infp ... haha yeah i was confused . that's just based on what i know now . why don't you think you can be infp and 5 at the same time . i kinda get it , but i also saw infp as a possibility for 5w6 . deciding where i wanted to work . important things were being close to home , working in the food industry ( want to work my way up to waitress ) , pay , and having chances for alone time . i see these as ... whoa , yeah definitely need to study up on the functions . got most of it though . i've read many , many times that you an't be inbetween intp and infp because fi is the top function for infps . and ... yeah , you're right . i've been meaning to study the functions . guess it's time . '