' i second this idea , you could also add sleeping pills to his every meal so he won't bother you . y'know , i was thinking about it and a threesome actually sounds like fun . i can't stand social networking sites . twitter is the worst of them all , how empty must your life be if you need your every thought to be examined by strangers . i also can't comprehend how some ... i like uncomfortable silences so having bad conversation skills has never bothered me . i think , the key to small talk is to seem interested , it doesn't matter what they say , just feign enthusiasm . ... i usually fall for infjs , they always appear so innocent and gentle , which brings the caring protector out of me . different situations require different attitudes . when i'm just relaxing with friends , i maintain a passive attitude . in work situations i'm usually pretty assertive , letting people know if there are ... liar ! i've made a list of everything you need to do to qualify as an istp . i ride a motorbike , jump from airplanes on fire , rebel at any type of authority figure , shoot first then ask questions ... well , my grandfather came from ireland so we were brought up on potatoes . while they may not be all that tasty in their original form , they are versatile . ... when he's staring at you and the look on his face doesn't say i'm going to kill you . that works for intjs as well . i think there needs to be a healthy balance between doing and thinking for the istp . if you just focus on action , maintain an attitude act first , think later then eventually you'll burn out or end up ... i usually go all in when playing poker . mostly it's because i get bored of the game and think to hell with it . i'm not big on cell phones , they're useful for emergencies but people's dependency on them borders on obsession . text messages are the worst about them , you take minutes tapping out a message that ... family i'm not really in contact with most of my family . if you're curious as to why , see kadjunga's answer . friends usually relaxed , joke around . strangers my father is an istj and the way he keeps going at something until he gets it has always amazed me . if he met a brick wall he'd just keep hitting it until it fell or he did . that's exactly ... that i can watch any 80 ' s action movie and immediately identify with the main character . i discovered it a few years ago in college . i was typed intj , some of it matched but i didn't really care enough to learn more . a friend of mine forced me to retake the test and the result was istp . ... you sound like an istj to me me . this , is one of the best descriptions of an istj out there , is any of it familiar to you ? i find this the best way to get out and have some fun . when it's paid for and organized by someone else , all you have to do is be there . i've joined a creative writing class and am going on a weekend ... god , i hope not . he was such a whiny little idiot . that's exactly how most of the relationships i've been in go . i find myself constantly attracted to feelers , especially nfs , but it always ends the same . we get to a place where we're comfortable and ... just started the big nowhere by james ellroy . i rarely feel empathy for another person . the exceptions being when i really care for that person or when they're going through a crisis which i've already faced in life . i can't believe he ... my father owned a small business when i was young and it soured me on the idea of owning or running a company . he just wasn't able to deal with the stress of it . if i was put in such a position , i'd ... you people sicken me . the only drug i'm on is prayer . and i wash it down with a tall glass of guilt . i've done it plenty of times . got bored of where i was and just left . i'm thinking of doing it again . recently i've had a voice in my mind saying you're almost thirty , it's time to settle down . get ... 29 , no wait i think i'm 28 . i don't celebrate birthdays and rarely think about my age . i've been told more than once that i could pass for 18 and i'm still asked for my id pretty often . i don't really have a purpose . control and power , both illusions but they are the things i strive for in live . before i would say that i seek them for myself alone but i've recently come to a state ... i was in a relationship with an estp for over a year . not only was she an estp but also an eight like myself so it could be pretty intense . it definitely wasn't superficial , we showed each other our ... ... would do the most reckless things . i almost burnt the house down more than once . when i think about all the near death experiences i had as a child , i'm amazed that i'm still alive mines the same . while i've got tons of crap everywhere there's very little personalization . with all the books , computers and cult movies in the place , it probably screams nerd . it's just a phase ... i think you're thanking the wrong person . satan's the only one who could make something as awesome as an istp : tongue : in the case of the bear i would first study his body language . what does his stance indicate , how long and how deep are his / her grunts . i would also look for signs that might suggest i'm close to ... . you could really say the same for any ixtx . those quotes sound far more like a j quality . controlling the situation , wanting to win so badly that you focus on making others lose ... i'm pretty good staying on task . unless it's incredibly boring i can usually stay focused for a quite some time . my j is pretty high so that might be the reason . i've always sucked at ... procrastination is probably my biggest weakness . i think it stems from a need for perfection , if i can't get it done right , then why do it all ? rage is also a big problem for me . while i can ... i've been having the same feeling lately . i usually just devote more time to an area of interest when i get this way . last time i spent weeks studying genetics and evolution . eventually i get to a ... no , while i've occasionally felt an intense desire for someone i just met , i've never fallen in love at first sight . he sounds like an ass . if he feels smothered by being around you then he just go off for a walk , get out of the house for a while . i may not be the most sensitive person in the world but someone ... why not just cheat or you could screw the examiner . wait , this is this istp forum not the estp forum . hah , that sounds a lot like my last relationship . she came across as the shy , timid sensitive type but she was really a man eater . that's why i dumped her ... well she dumped me but i was gonna , ... i've been exploring the mbti for a while now and the more i visit this forum the more issues i have with the system . so many people here seem to think that the mbti can completely sum up your entire ... damn , i was planning to make a thread about impatience but it was too much work . oh wait , that's procrastination . from a scale of one to get the hell out of my way i'd have to rate myself pretty ... other people have feelings ? well that's new , next you'll be telling me that women are people . i often have very weird dreams . on occasion there are different people in the dreams playing the protagonist but i've never thought of them as me in a different form . i've never really bought ... i said no but the above is a more accurate answer . while i not big on affectionate gestures i don't mind cuddling for a few minutes with an so i'm very close to . i get very twitchy if it goes on for ... i find it depends on the person asking the question . if a close friend asks how are things ? i tend to give them a more detailed answer than i would if an acquaintance asked . if someone asks ... istp 1 . at a party of about 30-40 people , how would you act ? how would you be relating to people / communicating with them ? would you appear more extroverted than usual or would you withdraw ? ... wow , that test was surprisingly accurate . i've taken a lot of those color tests and the results are usually way off . i actually shouted that to a bunch of kids who were playing near my house . scared the hell out of them . i usually become a grumpy old man around christmas , the blaring music , flashing lights and ... i don't think people really fear death , they fear pain , loosing control or a life that meant nothing . to answer the question , i've been in enough life or death situations to remain calm and ... '