' completing cegep grants one a diploma ( dec ) but , from what i can tell , that's pretty much useless unless one gets the variation of that diploma that comes from a technical program . there are two ... gamer pessimist unsociable independent methodical it's not really a degree because how cegep works ( quebec ) is that it's essentially completing the equivalent of grades 12 to 13 anywhere else before students can go on to do a three year undergrad ... going into my 3rd semester of cegep in a computer science and mathematics program . i've been fed up with school for a long while now . might just drop out before i even reach university . i don't . if there's something i'm scheduled to do or absolutely required to , i will never skip it . luckily , those kinds of obligations aren't frequent in my case . so , according to this thread , i ... malice , kick and rage . as long as i want . true , the person you are now is because of your past experiences , but i'm not sure anyone fully appreciates the person they've become , else they'd be somewhat narcissistic . what if you could go back ... if you had the possibility to go back in time and meet yourself at 10 years old , what would you tell him / her ? i'd tell him something like : don't take your friends for granted or you'll regret it ... 70 % atlanta 70 % honolulu 55 % austin 55 % las vegas 55 % miami a mere 20 hours away from where i live ! 1 . why do you always look so mad ? are you mad ? ( asked by your friend who's not that close to you ) why do you care ? 2 . lets hang out . what do you wanna do ? ( asked by your best friend ) you decide ... i always score 100 % and i know it's not selection bias as that was the result the first time i took the test while answering the questions objectively and the subsequent times as well . but this score ... my native language is english , but being born in montreal , learning french was pretty much a requirement to go to school here . annihilation corruption harmony paradox persona sisyphean it doesn't ring particularly pleasantly . i don't care how anyone perceives me with one major exception : i care very much in regards to whether people think i have integrity and honesty or not . i consider those two qualities extremely ... history is one of the classes i dislike the most . while other classes require one to actually learn the subject and understand it , history mostly requires memorization . i have little care for past ... i'm pretty sure there are several gundam rpgs already . one of them being ms saga : a new dawn . i actually never watch tv anymore . ever . the stuff bores me and i don't find much interest in the news , either ( and if i do , the internet's got me covered ) . now others have said that istjs tend to ... i very much enjoy ( j ) rpgs . just to list some of my favorite games in the genre : deus ex , persona 3 fes , persona 4 and the world ends with you . i also enjoy fighting games , currently marvel vs ... i am completely against this . a woman / man in a man / woman's bathroom ? absurd . there's a reason these locations are separated by gender and it's a social rule that shouldn't be transgressed . i understand that connections with others could potentially affect me in a positive way , as niss mentioned earlier , but i just can't imagine counselling making me feel anything but more resentful ... if this kind of feeling is just a phase , i wish it wasn't so long . my inability to grasp why i continue doing what i do has been an ever-present feeling that has defined me for several years now ... but would you say that that job is the reason that you enjoy your life , or provides reason to the things you do ? because , to me , even if i finished school , got a great paying job , became rich and had ... i apologize in advance if this is a dreary thread , but i'm really seeking answers . so , i've been recently thinking progressively more about why i continue living . not sure if it's a suicidal train ... video games and eating sweets . those are the most effective ways i can relax . but really , when i do anything that needs my concentration , even homework , i guess i can say i'm relaxed as it takes my ... slide 4 , 6 , and 8 . but really , i can identify with 4 the most . i have a constant feeling of ... lacking in my life . like there's something i need but i don't even know what it is . it's very much as ... brushing my teeth with my left hand instead of my right . evidently , i don't much care for unnecessary changes in an established routine . i am 17 years old . i hate having to spend most of my time with kids my age as they are incredibly immature and annoying . no , i was replying to the initial post . my post doesn't really apply to your comment as your statements are quite apt . still , it's better to appreciate the symbolism of the event and have some form ... one thing at a time . when one good thing happens , you can't just look at everything else that has not been rectified and say that this positive occurrence is worthless as there are so many other ... i took the survey . first language was english . second was french . i'm fluent in both of those languages . third will probably be spanish . nothing in particular as the way our education system is here , you don't really orient yourself in a specific field until cegep ( college ) . no career yet . secondary school student . my prom's in 2 months . i'm not going because i hated ( still do , of course ) high school and the prom experience sounds like hell , especially for someone like me . some form of proof to support your claims and observations would be appreciated . i get several bs and several as . more bs than as . i really hate school and i've never taken much time to study for tests because i just don't care . the few times that i have studied a lot , i've ... for anything extremely unimportant , i can be impulsive . very minor things such as what i'm going to eat . for anything else , i can never proceed without a plan . i find myself getting better at ... i like one song by snsd . but mostly , that stuff irritates me and most of the fandom surrounding k-pop revolves around the singers and their performances , and not the actual music . this is a really ... money is all i need to be happy . that explains why i'm generally unhappy now . confront them directly . i always procrastinate when i am required to do something i do not want to . when i have no motivation , i have no will to put in the effort . this is why practically all school work i am required to do ... i tend to absorb all aspects of the environment surrounding me . as a result , when i'm at school , i tend to pay attention to what other students do and how they interact with each other way too much ... sure , but that doesn't make your situation the common one . the people who enjoy anime , in north america at least , are not many compared to those who don't and it was even stranger for me to see this ... odd . usually those who watch anime are in the minority and are persecuted by the majority who consider them losers . very odd . never , but i suppose i'm not old enough to give an appropriate response . i am , referring to the aspects that are usually applied to someone described as a boring person . i don't care . i don't remember . there was a point when i wanted to work in video game press , so that was mine i suppose . yeah , i'm gay . it's not because i'm not a sexually obsessed person like most in the world . the only feasible reason i could never be attracted to a female is because i like men . sorry about that , i guess i just took the opportunity to vent on something regarding this subject . in my case , i don't think there's anything a girl can do to attract me . '