' lol sure online you guys are big and bad ... but i'm talking about in person . it's a completely different world out there . and honestly , every experience with an entj i have ever had ... they are ... lol very true . i'm just like , if this was realistic he would have virtually no time for her ! definitely no time to stalk her and stuff xd there are two things that will solve this problem . religion , and activity . inspiration helps as well , but we are incredibly stubborn . get him exercising . get him out of the house , even if he ... lol , seriously ? you being honest rn ? you guys can be very derpy , and dorky , but you are not straight forward in matters of love . lmao . i mean , i can't be the only one that has seen that . xd can i ? ... christian is estj and anastasia is infp . he opens up her muffins , lmao ! and then practically wants to break it off and put it in her mouth . lol . sj's like to take care of their partners like they ... the first post is bullshit . entjs are cryptic as fuck . they like to be mysterious , and they do not like to disclose their feelings right off the bat . if an entj tells you that he likes you right ... it's hard . it's a tough relationship that takes a lot of maturity on both sides . you have to remember that he is coming from such a different place than you . we don't like change , especially not ... i feel like a lot of us like to think of easy answers , because our inner world is so chaotic . i think it's a way for us to feel in control , when in reality , we are probably the type that is most ... when you will try literally anything to get a relationship to work , even if it means selling out your entire identity . in the past , i was often told things that aren't even true . terrible things . i got rid of all of those people . literally me as a teen . we are very low energy people , so we can disappear into the background . it goes with being so gentle . i just think that that's it , we are chronically unnoticed and attention starved . it's not so ... it's very simple . people assume what the bible means by man and woman . no , but that's probably because i've spent too much time with xntjs and they've burned me horribly . i got them back though . ;) i hate how they always act like i am influencing them or taking ... just remember to stay emotionally independent . um ... i don't know , i haven't seen it . to be honest i doubt it is a thing . they are probably a different type . introversion is usually worse the younger you are , so the way the term is set up ... honestly tho this song is an infj's best friend . i'm gay , infj , and christian . i definitely feel misunderstood . i will . a lot of people in my life are telling me to , and i agree . i've already made it this far . it's just complicated in some ways , because i'm gay . it's hard to have a moral compass when it's ... i've never had sex , and as sad as it is in tandem , i have been in love . i will say this : in my many sexual fantasies , none of them have compared with the thought of being with the person i loved . ... suicide is something that just like almost anything else , can be right in some circumstances and wrong in others . sacrificing yourself for someone else can be very noble for example . what i would ... i know places - taylor swift it can be hard to move on with college and all that , especially when moving away . i think it's a little too far in the future right now to be totally focused on it , but you can look forward to it ... when despite being through hell , you can't help but think things are going to get better . when seemingly impossible theories and plans go through your mind and out of your mouth , and other people ... often times , when you ask an enfj about himself , it shows him that when he looks within , he sees nothing but a black whole of nothingness . it is uncomfortable , and unpleasant . we often don't know ... it's important to stay as genuine as you can . other than that , just don't hold as many things in and it will naturally express itself . if you are around people that do not like you , try not to ... i always thought she was enfj ? when this happens with me i tend to get very angry , suddenly , seemingly out of no where . i door slam , but i also vacillate . however it seems to me that the vacillation is only a way to get the person ... ask yourself , who are you doing this game for ? if the answer isn't yourself then stop and do something else , if the answer is yourself then don't let anyone else stop you . with the right mind ... typological research , experience , and deep understanding of the functions . lol don't worry that wasn't that rude . the point was to answer the question or topic of the thread . i wasn't saying entjs liking their asses kissed is a weakness , i was saying most of the other ... here are some real entj weaknesses that aren't just entj ass-kissing , as provided to you by your dual ;) - lose track of their environment : entjs can be clumsy , and especially forgetful . often ... hi , can i have my name changed to graphicallyalex ? get her to notice you , then act like she doesn't exist and let her do all the work . xd go on and try to tear me down , i will be rising from the ground , like a skyscraper . well ... to be honest , i've never had that happen to me , but i could see it happening at some point . i think , as isfp's , sometimes we forget that other people have boundaries . we do too , but they are ... um , i've always been very sensitive to lighting in a room . it either energizes me or exhausts me . music really affects me , if i don't like it i feel attacked almost , and if i do like it , it ... i''m not exactly sure what's going on , but , do whatever you are gonna do one on one . yeah , my inner monologues are much more typical teenage girl . let me try to write an isfp version of what you just did . here is a typical morning , like today . in class . the teacher is ... well , i know for me , in order to talk about deeper things i need something to hold onto , a framework , if you will . like , typology , politics , religion , or maybe philosophy , but i'm halfway decently ... you know your fi sucks when you graphically project your feelings onto someone else without even realizing it . wow . i can't even imagine . my te is my fi's total bitch . give me two minutes or less and i can tell you how i feel about something ... as long as that pesky ni doesn't make me doubt it too much ... ... i say a lot with my words , and i do genuinely mean what i say at the moment , but my actions can show a general description over the long term . the actions speak louder for sure , but the words are ... my cousin is intj and i love her . she's hilariously inexpressive , and i often make fun of her for being the only thinker in our family . ( she knows all about mbti ) great conversations , we understand ... hm , well if you're not into him , and you're sure you're not into him , then i say burn the bridge . just pull him aside and say , stop staring at me . i'm not into you anymore . and if that ... do it ! do it ! do it ! do it ! :D yes , i'm chanting for you . to me it seems like a misunderstanding , and after reading this thread , it seems like the op doesn't know how she feels about him . i think it's probably the same on his side . as mysterious as we ... hmm ... i'd say its either , 1 . they hate your guts . 2 . they think you hate theirs . 3 they aren't actually isfps , perhaps they are intuitive :) i know our intuitive neighbors can be less direct and ... yes , yes , yes ! ! i completely understand ! i also get clingy when i'm like that ! it's like , on a normal day you would be hard pressed to get me to initiate contact , but when i don't understand it's all ... '