life has taken a turn for the amazing . i am absolutely content with life at this moment . i wish i could sort of capture this moment and just live in it forever . my mood has kicked back to stable and maybe a little hypomanic after three fantastic days of accomplishment and heavy drinking with old friends and co-workers who happened to be in the same town i ... just hit full stride depressive episode . i hope it passes in the next couple days . sometimes i feel like my mind is slowly splintering into a million pieces and that i'm going crazy . i don't know if it's an issue where i'm battling with cognitive dissonance because i don't have ... i am not feeling all that great today . i put myself out there for the first time in a long time , and i can already tell things are not going to go well . it's like that innate sixth sense when you ... i hate the expectation of society that i need to be a whole , hard , stoic person . i'm hard and kept-inside , forced to be incredibly logical and not show my emotions because i would be ridiculed and ... never . i demand loyalty , fidelity and monogamy in a relationship . those are my values and are very important to who i am . i don't care what other people do , but if someone wanted to be in a ... i run in this mode 90 % of the time . i just go into hyper-logical unfeeling robot mode and fall back on being incredibly analytic about everything . i have a lot of emotions and feelings deep inside , ... i'll have a beer or two every few weeks , and i enjoy an old scotch and a fine cigar once in a great while . otherwise , i will use a weightlifting stimulant once in a while for the extra energy in the ... i can plainly see everyone is missing out on the real fun : strongman i was a ' rejected ' child until highschool , when i ended up moving to a very small private school , where i was more or less ' accepted ' . i prefer not to dwell on my earlier school years . i've mostly ... i'm trying to decide on what action movie to watch this valentine's day . so many good choices , first blood , commando , bloodsport , dirty harry , unforgiven ... absolutely . i have lot of negative emotions that dwell deep along with lots of repressed memories and anger in life . i often feel i try to live a good and virtuous life because i'm afraid that if i ... i'm typically online or at home , kind of an introvert and homebody when left to my own devices . as far as dating , i typically have met people over the internet . you may want to try there , even though ... i'm 6 ' 3 , and it's awesome . you've a big advantage in life being taller . the hardest part is finding tall women to date . ;) it sounds like a lot of your issue comes more with being uncomfortable ... not clinically diagnosed , but i think i may have cyclothymia ( bipolar spectrum disorder ) . struggled with anxiety for years . i'm also socially avoidant but working on it slowly over the past few ... i like spending a lot of time with someone i'm dating , but there is a balance to it i think . if i can be engaged in other stuff and they can too , but just be around and hanging out , it's a lot less ... i provided university sourced studies to even back up my points . we've come to an impasse , so i agree to disagree . i do appreciate the dialogue though . if you care to back up your statement ... except your version implies that the collective rights of one group are more important than the collective rights of another group , completely trivializing men in lieu of women , because you feel that ... so instead of as a joint society , coming to equality between the genders , we should just carte-blanche decide that one half of the population has the best for everyone in mind and support them ... so what you're saying is that we should just completely fuck men so women can have their day , thus instead of closing the gender gap , completely reversing the gender situation to what it was ... we also have to go on diets , look sexy but not too sexy ( trying too hard .. ) , have big muscles and tan , if we want to fit our media image . we're airbrushed , modeled and strut around on tv shows ( true ... i listen to a lot of loud , angry , and aggressive music . coincedentally , i have a lot of pent-up anger and emotion . my biggest hobby is strength training to one day compete in some kind of strength ... you have summed up exactly how i feel about the issue far better than i could myself . this : sums up everything that is wrong with contemporary feminism , from the treatment of boys in schools ... i'm very secure in my masculinity , and definitely straight . dudes do nothing for me . as far as how people would interpret me if they knew certain things , i'm not sure . i'm kind of an oddball . i'm ... my eyes are always sad , i think it's called an epicanthic fold . they literally cannot be any other way ( i get comments on it sometimes ) :P yeah , it's hard to get a good deathstare going , but rest ... i'll play , excuse me looking like crap though , i'm on my ( short ) vacation right now so i'm kind of lazy and self-concious egh . death stare happy laugh / smile ... accepting myself . depressed and anxious , in a downward spiral , for the past few days . managed to avoid drinking myself into a stupor by sleeping for several hours today . realizing i've been going over cyclic negative ... - reading ( fantasy literature / information technology ) - powerlifting ( sort of my daily meditation ) - beer homebrewing - programming languages - self education - discovering new bands - cooking ( i'm ... i'm significantly younger ( 23 ) but i'd thrust myself into adulthood at quite an early age with intent and drive of being successful , and this resonates a lot . with the experiences that i've had at a ... mirroring . it's what i've realized i do on dates with women , i mirror them . body language speaks so much more than actual words when it comes to attraction , and i realized at some point i could sort ... from what i understand , i've creeped many an extrovert out in meetings with my ' death stare ' . it seems to work best on your extroverted ' sales types ' . i also stare into space while i consider my ... how open you are about your feelings : not very open , admittedly . it takes time before i trust anyone enough to start getting very personal with my feelings . avoid comfrontation with your partner ... i was a fat kid most of my life , lost a lot of weight , put on a lot of muscle the past two years . looking much better , feeling much happier with my body image . sometimes i clean up my lone wolf tendencies . doesn't help i'm kind of socially awkward and not good at connecting with people . i feel like a footnote most of the time . i was gifted as a kid , so i guess i'm gifted as an adult . i was tested on a standardized stanford-binet test administered by a psych . i'm a romantic , admittedly , i like somewhat cliche gestures , romance and watching relationships evolve between characters in books . i temper that though with a healty dose of cynicism / skepticism in ... you have a bit of an aubrey plaza resemblance-thing going on , and it's awesome . i don't know if i'm coping well with life these days , or if i've just stopped caring . this is part of why i love weight training ( which can be looked at as physical labor ) . there is nothing quite like the feeling of exertion and accomplisment that you get from hard work . i find ... i apparently did okay enough in the generic lottery to not look like a hideous ogre beast intent on ravaging villages and killing the peasantry . seriously though , i'm not sure . the one thing that ...