' eddard stark - istj . always consulting the rules and laws of his home , and the moral code instilled upon him by his family . dutiful af . catelyn stark - esfj , isfj can be argued . like eddard , but ... 1 . is te-fi , for sure . i would argue the fi is not unhealthy as they don't boast too often , but his te is definitely leading him to say exactly what he thinks or believes . 2 . that's ni mixed with ... do what you wish , but don't be put off if i'm not surprised at how it all ends . i've already seen it . ;) if only you'd look just a little bit beyond that carrot at the end of the stick sometimes ! ehh ... point seceded ... i think it's referred to as the thousand yard stare when our ni is going ham . we're spaced out , staring in one direction or at one thing , but we're looking so far past it we only barely register ... whoa , an estp ? ! don't you have a party to go to ? wait , what about your bar crawling ? aren't your friends going camping that night too ? and your mountain climbing trip like 5 hours away the day ... 497761 i don't actually have a lot of pictures of myself on my phone or laptop . this was about a year ago , but i haven't changed that much . any two people can fall in love , regardless of type . they just have to find the ways to make it work and not give up on each other . good for your folks ! depends really . if they're your boss and you value your job , just know your limits in their presence . they tend to be out of sight , out of mind when in a management position . they just feel the ... esfp ? i know , pinky , you clearly love running along inside that wheel , i need to speak to the brain . y'know , your obligatory smarter friend . it's important . ( bring it on xd ) when you're open to literally any plan out of , say , a list of five . but once one has been chosen and someone starts trying to change it your eye twitches . naming one is extremely difficult . enfj , because i'm sometimes envious of the better fe-se . entps , because they're genuinely entertaining and i appreciate their wit . but it's probably entjs . i ... ni vs ne is depth vs possibilities . ni removes what is unnecessary for it's focus . ne collects but can lose it's focus . getting excited by doing something they really want to do vs ... intjs . seriously , where are you guys and gals ? i've met two entjs but i don't think i've ever met an intj . if i did it was before i knew a thing about mbti , that's for sure . lol i feel you . i have so much respect for estjs and istjs . what they're able to do can actually baffle me sometimes ( the thing they are able to do being : getting things done , almost regardless of ... me : infj most : intp , entj , isfp least : esfp , estj , infp i wanted to be infj somewhere under most , but unless you hate others of your type i feel like you just naturally will be attracted to ... okay , yeah , you're an intp . when someone new approaches you with a conversation and your immediate thought is : why do they want to talk to me ? what sort of person is this ? but it's not often a scathing or mean thought : ... infps are just like every other type : so amazing and yet so terrible . ours included . that super strong fi makes them decide how they feel about things really quickly , and their te is inferior . so if ... :) definitely intp 1 . i do not feel strong empathy towards people all the time . more often i just understand their emotions , but i don't actually feel anything . when the emotion is powerful and flows ... it's the the tertiary ti into the fe , the logic kicking in to remind you that your decision to manipulate is biased and unreasonable . then the fe feeds the ni , and you see the negative consequences ... can confirm . my enfp friend says i'm the only one who can see through his different moods . in all honesty , to us , enfps are pretty open books :P i know my enfp friend is a slytherin as well , and my enfj friend got gryffindor . an enfj in gryffindor . that's practically a stereotype . that's like an intj / entj in slytherin or an entp / intp in ... this gave me a really interesting insight , thank you . when i first quoted here i mentioned people said i had an intensity . infjs like to appear serious unless completely comfortable ( with ni ... going off your self-analysis in one of your posts , you're either an intp or a really unhealthy infp . you don't see super unhealthy though , so i would say intp is right on the money . congrats ! you ... it's more like the two masks are interchangeable . both the warm , cheerful part and the cold , calculating part make up who i am . which one is being masked is entirely situational , but that doesn't ... infj slytherin here ! i still say sasuke is an intj , albeit an unhealthy one for the majority of the series . intjs have that independence and confidence in what they know . sasuke always did have a grand vision for the ... agreed . coming from personal experience it's really not good for you , or at least it wasn't for me . thanks for the well wishes ! it's probably best to take it one step at a time , for sure :) . i know my ni was very close to being a si ( i think i was 54 % ni ) and my fe is very close to te ( again , ... i've been slowly but steadily opening up my fe . so much goes on in my mind internally and my fe allows me to share it . nife is an awesome combo because you can know what kind of person you're ... when i was younger it was more like a superiority and inferiority complex . it only made me feel more alienated from people and dragged me deeper into the dark pit that is the ni-ti loop ... i took the test during some darker points of my life , when i was stuck in the ni-ti loop . super introverted , apathetic , pessimistic , etc . even if i wasn't those things internally i was stuck ... i obsess with things that interest me . normally it's really nerdy crap , like video games and the lore behind them , or a book series , etc . i'm the guy that will see a movie and then immediately look ... it takes a lot for me to actually act on my true anger in the moment . last time it happened was two years ago at a party . i was drunk , tired ( i had passed out and got woken up ) , and the one ... yeah , pretty much lol . being social is one thing , but inane conversations that don't amount to anything tire me out rather swiftly . guess what social gatherings are made of ? so i'd get ... i've been told that some people find me intimidating . it's a sort of intensity i give off . not much expression on my face 70 % of the time , i don't smile as often as others , always seem deep in ... when someone is manipulating people , willful ignorance , and believing in inequality ( being racist and defending it , for example ) . my trust issues used to be so much worse , to the point where i would heavily distrust people for no other reason than my own low self-esteem . now i may not trust people easily , and i am still always ... you know you're an infj when you used to think you were an intj despite having a dislike for relying too heavily on logic . the really funny thing is that a known function of infjs is to draw traits from other personality types and blend in . we do it with intjs , infps , enfjs , enfps ... so showing traits from other ... one of my best friends is a confirmed enfp . we pretty much cover each other's strengths and weaknesses , get along great , and trust each other pretty well . the synergy our personalities have is pretty ... it's gotten so much better , but i still find myself rather reserved and keeping my emotions to myself and those i trust . before i didn't even feel comfortable calling something cute cute . i would ... i have a love / hate relationship with stereotypes . i like to point them out and laugh at them ( my own included ) , but i don't actually judge a group of people based on them . probably because while i ... pretty simple unless it is a special occasion . dress more for the weather and comfort really . still , when i do get the chance to dress nicely i do enjoy it , but i likely wouldn't care for it as much ... hey there everyone . a few days ago i discovered i am an infj , and some web-surfing led me here . i'm happy to be here and hope to enjoy my stay . :) '