' ponyjoyride thankyou , im not sure how i shoudl say it , but i almost made nf land seem like heaven xd ill remember to put good and bad people in there how does your desire to make others lives better err ... manifest ? like the title says , im making a game where this girl gets a magic music score that transports her to another world full of nfs . the specific place will be either a town or kingdom ( like in the ... dangit you people should stop being smart and not socially awkward . i guess you make up for it by being incredibly disorganised and terrible at finishing things . thanks for all the replies , guys . if you know all these flaws about people , how do you choose who to be friends with ? i can't imagine being friends with someone who'd just know my bad qualities ( we ... intps because inferior fe , and introverts tend to have less practice at socialising . also , ne and ti often make a person hard to talk to imo ( for sensors ) and their interests are unusual . of course , ... questionnaire one 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and write about your impression of it . 331378 i liked the way the ... most : infj , isfj , enfj least : estp , istp according to various infj descriptions , infjs have uncanny insight into people and understand them better than they can . can you explain how you do this , and why other types may not have this ... * cringe * i was so convinced id gotten it right with xnfp . only now do i realise my strengths lie in se stuff . heck , i don't even know if i'm isfp , but the only othe option is esfp , i really don't think i have fe ... when i answered the questionnaire i was actually an unhealthy type and going through depression . also , rejection has been a major theme throughout my life , and i'm ... zee bee sorry , what ? this was a long time ago , at the time i had a huge crush on this boy and decided to confess to him . i never showed it to him but ... * shudder * dear xxx , i think you're awesome because you're ... hmmm , i got infp , but i feel like i could be isfp . i do like typical se activities - personal grooming , going out etc - but i'm also into intuitive pursuits . i don't know ... the two are so similar and ... the shark i don't know if what you said about being unacceptable is true ... i thought that mbti was just about how your mind worked and not about behaviour ( i'm not talking about actions , i mean your ... er i'd say that genetics and circumstance is a factor , but a person's personality definitely matters . overall , i think idealistic people are less happy because the world is so low , and the things ... the shark to be honest , there are a lot more nf females than males , so it's easier for you guys to find girls with nf qualities . i also think that nf males are choosier than their female counterparts ... most marriages i see end in divorce , and if they don't , it's only because the parents don't want to upset their kids . even nf marriages don't last that much more than other marriages . they are such ... bahaha raawx if you're reading this , i don't know what to say . i guess i'll just talk about what i hate ? i hate the idea of hierarchies , the idea that someone or group is better than another . i ... darn this thread is too popular :'( no chance of me getting typed . waah wums i agree with part of what you're saying , but there are some parts that i think don't apply to me . i'm apparently a very annoying person to be around ( socially awkward ) , so i think that my ... im not an isfp , but isnt being offended just feeling some degree of hurt over something that has happened or been said ? i believe that the more self-conscious someone is , the more easily they take ... wums sorry , i have an off-topic question . my brother has told me he hates ' stupid people ' , and that i'm not smart ( this was in two separate occasions ) repeatedly . also , when i tell him about my ... wums mind = blown . you should be a therapist / counsellor ... nah i get that you weren't trying to offend me , it's cool . wums huh . does it last with the intjs because they're can't be bothered to cheat ? to me , they seem like very dispassionate people , the type to passionately propose in a fit of ... obligation . _ . ... ahah it kinda makes me wonder if there'll be a project for women to be more logical . i can't imagine the name of it , but i can see it happening . let's start a social revolution :') i think i might agree with you . for a long time , i've had this idea that judgers are less likely to cheat than perceivers . of course my idea is very judgemental as i haven't actually tested the ... curiously , it appears that female idealists are able to sustain the roman - ticism invested in a relationship longer than male idealists . but for the male nf , anticipation can be more attractive than ... i do . i dislike items given to me by people who aren't in my good books and love gifts given by loved ones . the closer i feel to the person the item came from , the more attached i am to it . it is ... 1 - ni doms 2 - fe dom or aux 3 - i dunno 4 - fi doms or ni doms 5 - ti doms or ni doms ( infj less likely ) 6 - si dom or aux 7 - se or ne dom 8 - te doms 9 - fi doms i do wish i was less sensitive and needed people less . does that count as thinking over feeling ? i don't know good ways to develop si and te , but i know a way : hang around xstjs , live with them and ... i like easy games that make me feel happy but have something special :) like socrates jones , pokemon , narrative flash games , ah i cant remember them all , but they've given me great joy is there a way to achieve the energising effect of social interaction , but without having to talk to anyone ? ahumanrenaisance being weird even among other infjs , huh : laughing : * in a debate * other person : your argument is invalid because x = y , therefore z . me : ... you're wrong because ur face is ugly ! * flees * i think i can make an exception ;D go on , use 6 words . i relate , but i blame it on my add and genetics . it seems like no one really enjoys my company , except for animals , and even then there are exceptions . it is depressing , but i guess this is nature's ... ziggurat i've been around a lot of sensors and so i usually make small-talk about what's happening ( not politics ) . i heard that intps really dont like ordinary talk and get bored by it so i'm ... if someone wanted to have a conversation with you , how should they approach it and what should they talk about ? fe-doms for sure are friendly , and exfp are next up . it's really a matter of fe vs se vs ne , and i don't know enough to tell which would be considered the ' friendliest ' function . friendly as in warm ? ... bored dominant fe doesnt mean a person is insincere : happy : welcome ! sheesh stop trying to rescue that baby when it's with its mum . not everyone needs to be rescued . sure sure . remember warren buffet ? he created lots of moneys unhealthy intj ... theyre 3 smart 5 you . fi comes to bite them in the butt ... i'm somewhat new to mbti theory . can you explain what you mean by that ? and yep i guess it does even out because we develop our functions more with age ... holy mother f * * * this is so cute ! i love almost unreal love stories like these that actually have happened ! this made me tear up and squeal like a little girl . yay for necromancing posts up ! you know infps will always accept fellow infps :) although i don't really have a right to say that because i'm unsure of my infp-ness . '