' in addition to depression , i currently deal with ocd and add . i agree with everything the other two respondents said , but additionally , i've found organization to be beneficial . for me , simply ... until recently , i thought i was an intp . now that i have a better understanding of the functions , it's apparent to me that i'm an entj . no u of course not ; i'm merely another moron who fails to appreciate your brilliance . infj . i've made considerable progress recovering from clinical depression ; if you'd like , i'd be happy to talk to you - - just send me a pm . :p opcorn : i take a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor known as strattera : i've been on it for about three months now , and it's done a fairly-decent job of reducing my add symptoms . i've never used a medicinal ... absolutely . definitely . in fact , the larger issue in my opinion , is that divisions beyond temperament are largely useless . while i can recognize the merit of sp , sj , nf , and nt , the overreaching similarities ... my doctor prescribes me blue pills . just to be clear , i wasn't criticizing you , merely that framework you found on reddit . this thread is probably the most absurd example of reductionist-misconception i've ever seen . c'mon , damnit , i don't think the op intended to start this thread just for it to roll over and die ... let's get some fucking discussion , m8s ! anyone opposed to the idea that this personality ... platorepublic i completely share your sentiment . if i could , i'd wipe out every neuron in my mind that's storing information about this wonderful personality model . αμήν . i wish i had a device that could induce time-dilation .. meh , i suppose i should be content that i already achieved thyme-travel when i cooked that chicken the other night . endologic i just want 250 posts so i can get into the debate thread .. absolutely . helps my post-count . endologic you're doing a wonderful job enriching the discussion . interesting .. what would differentiate ni's subjective reasoning from ti's subjective reasoning ? bigapplepi ( btw your name is pure win ) i'm still not entirely convinced that the cognitive functions are anything more than interesting speculation .. of course i understand that all of ... lately i've gravitated more toward david keirsey's interpretation ; it seems to me a more practical and reasonable approach . this is a site that concisely summarizes the issues i have with the ... forgive me if this sounds trite , but i'm curious as to why you say that . what convinces you of the function's existence ? even so , how can they be measured ? if they can be measured , and improved , then ... poor you . it's lonely at the top . if you're not exaggerating judging by your profile picture , obviously not as little as you . do you live in a mental hospital ? ^ ( shameless clickbait ) i tend to favor david keirsey's interpretation of jung's theory over those advocating cognitive functions . i believe it makes more sense from a practical standpoint , and ... how to solve it : a new aspect of mathematical method by george polya please understand me ii by david keirsey hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy by douglas adams must it be festive ? madman bravo , mr . clever , with such nuggets of wisdom as : personality can only in a very broad sense be defined . everyone is different so in a sense there are as many personalities as there are ... why ? if i might ask , and also , why are you on personality cafe ? i'm curious to know how mental illness would affect a personality's natural tendencies . for example , i'm ( pretty sure ) i'm an intp , and i have ocd and mdd . consistent with my personality , the ... absolutely thank you . that makes sense . i just wanted to make sure you were saying something of actual value , and not just another pseudo-profound remark that wastes everyone's time . ( * cough * 70 % of this ... there are four letters under your username , and unless they got there by accident , someone had to have put them there . welcome . i look forward to hearing your cutting-edge insights , and i'll try not to be offended when you trump me with your intellect . i'm impressed by your philosophical profundity ; liking things in ... any of you wonderfully conclusive intps read this ebook ? a book devoted to intps ! | oddly developed types it's entirely free , although the author is accepting donations . i found it a while ago , ... what do you even mean by that ? clasp clash i apologize for responding so harshly , i'm going through an incredibly difficult time in my life right now , and anger is one of the emotions that flood me from time to time . now that i understand ... well , aren't you the observant one . i congratulate you on your remarkable finding . the correct name of the author was a crucial facet of my original post . now that you've brought clarity to the ... orangeappled did i scare you away ? those letters really are intimidating , aren't they ? abandon ship . so the machine is busted , eh ? disclaimer : by demons i meant destructive forces , not supernatural entities well , i'm not opposed to it ; i just don't find it likely . i suppose i should mention also , that i was diagnosed with ocd ( purely obsessional ) and major depression two months ago . this might be ... i can't really say for sure , because jung didn't really think of the layman when he wrote psychological types . his writing i find extremely difficult to piece together , and even more difficult to ... '