' why not just be a lead explorer ? no days ever the same , you're always out of your comfort zone , always need to solve problem etc etc sounds like my isfp ex :( i think most nt hate the wedding bullshit :) when i travel it's mostly hitchhiking - you will met all kinds of weirdos and interesting people , and they give you a local perspective . also you will get to experience things you never thought ... there's always a freedom to be stupid and ignorance ? * cry * not like you can stop it :) hmmm free from what ? only you can answer that question . for some people it's freedom to choose what to do with their time , what to do with their money , what to do with their life , what to do ... damn , i must be weird , and a c * nt then :( maybe you should put in your dating profile ? found this chart from an intj 512105 that used to be me ... i just stay out of office politics , i accept that they are stupid and let them be ! you don't have to show you got substances to everyone , i rather enjoy acting dumb :) the real education is when you leave school . when you're outside of your comfort zone , that's when you learn new things ! i love going to college , you met some wonderful girls and get into their pants ! where else can you met some many different types of girls and they're willing to give you shot into their pants ? freeedooommm ! do share what you say and do :) this is what you get when a esfp leaves ... hi xx , just a quick heads up , i've blocked you on whatsapp , and wouldask that you don't contact me anymore unless its important . just a few ... entj don't give a shit :) as the esfp says it's not what you say , but that way you say it ! i'm dating a esfp , i probably agree with most the op said ! the relationship can get quite intense somethings ! i think most entj don't go out looking for a ' relationship ' , we just go doing for what we love ... i guess you're in sydney and melbourne ? the black swan by taleb is pretty good :) i agree , entj just shut people down completely and utterly , and the person don't know how to handle it ! if you can't even remember to bring that , then you're beyond help , maybe cortana or google now will scream at you when you leave the house ! there are some things people can do to get organised , first and foremost , is to throw away unimportant things and declutter ! lost school letters - have a box for school letters , when kids bring ... i used to hang out playing video games and reading books on the grass ! i think you're best bet is engineering school find the ' weirdo ' and confident one ! i'm an entj i don't know if it's a just a rant or you actually want to do something about it ! most people just want to rant ;) i thought isfp = unorganised :P just start your own business , problem solved ! i never lasted long in any of my jobs , now i'm on government handout and living a much more happy life ! i also do occasional field work , where i'm ... when you post a thread like this :D gone with the wind - scarlet ! just get an abortion ! if you think the child will hold him down , then you're wrong ! if an entj has decided it over , you will never see him again , he will just leave you out int he cold ! if the ... we don't think of them :D hate bars ! have limited number of friends ! i join a discussion group of people who want to become minimalist , i told them how i live out of my backpacks for years while renting a house , but none of them will listen to my strategy ! gone with the wind :D the notebook ? titantic ? entj are known to say the most politically incorrect shit , there's a whole ' new ' infraction thing on this forum now ! better not anger the police or you will get the ban stick ! i don't want to say it , because you will get the * warning * again ! we took gamingâx 80x99s version of the myers-briggs testâx 80x94and you can , too | ars technica now this is funky take the lead and show him how you feel :P well , i'm just saying how society view them , more or less how the are perceived ! i also got a warning for that post , i guess someone was very sensitive , i guess it won't be any entj right ? we're ... i have decided to join john galt and go on strike :) entj man = macho leader entj women = insensitive bitch that must be pretty bad , cause entj known for thick skin mode ! read the fucking manual ! start living your life ! well i met a guy whos had a relationship with a guy for 20 years , then came around and said maybe women is better ! as much we like to think we won't get jealous , but 99 % of us probably will be ... as long as all the parties involved are happy and know what they're in for ! then again , two women = big fight :) that's why the chinese world for ' fight ' is 3 women characters :) '