' as others have said , immersion is definitely the best method . also , don't be afraid to make mistakes ! when i was learning japanese , when in class and while studying in japan , i was constantly ... i think i usually have to be a least a little tipsy , but even then i wouldn't characterize it as gregarious . just a little more outgoing . even then , i'm still cognizant of whether x person is gonna ... i agree . i can be a jumpy person ( even though sometimes i know when something is coming in the split second before it happens ) , but i don't think it's related to personality type . i don't sweat more or anything when i'm thinking , but i do sweat a lot more when i'm publicly speaking in some way , such as in class . obviously , the more nervous i am , the more i'll sweat , but even ... * i'm not a step-parent , but a step-child . i have a step-dad and i absolutely love him ! we're not super close or affectionate , but i know he loves me as a daughter , i that makes me feel good . i ... really ? hmm , whenever i'm on a train , if i hear an interesting conversation or see a particularly interesting person or situation unfolding i'll keep an ear or eye out and follow it ( and find it ... 1 . wild cat – pretty , alluring , elusive , playful , friendly , a fighter 2 . wolf – warm , family-like , loyal , stoic , calm , effusive , fierce 3 . fox – fun , cute , perky , shy , playful hmmm , i think ... i actually got straight a's all through high school , and scored 4 or 5 on all my ap exams . i felt at ease with the school structure and system ( however , i felt socially out of place a lot ) . i also ... would anyone care to share links to some of the better vids ? i've watched some , but the quality seems so divergent that i've been reluctant to really delve in lest it ends up as a huge waste of time ! ... hahaha , i get this one a lot as well ! other compliments i get most often is thatyou give great hugs , you have a kind face , you seem very kind / helpful and you have pretty eyes . once i've ... ah , okay , then that's understandable ! it's understandable to act that when young . i think the original post didn't indicate any clear remorse to me , and i thought , was this recent ? does she still do ... i'll echo what others here have said : i'm not particularly fond of other people's children , but when i have my own i will much excited to be around them on the daily . i currently live with my sister ... well , hopefully now that you are consciously aware you do this during therapy you can recognize the signs and refrain from that kind of manipulation ! it seems unproductive for you and disrespectful ... i went to tarot card reader on two occasions : one was at a senior party ( school-sponsored ) and she was as hokey as you'd expect . i went to another when i was around 20 and her cold reading techniques ... i saw anime and had to post ! i personally recommend ergo proxy . i really enjoyed it . it is pretty confusing at first ( i think i originally started at ep . 3 or 4 and thought i must have started ... i think they were just talking about hers given that the op was specifically looking for advice re : female infjs . > _ < i would be interested in seeing how people respond ! i completely agree ! i've learned that some people find debate ( as opposed to a discussion ) enjoyable , like a past-time , but i find it exhausting and feel i always have to find a way to engage without ... i've been absolutely obsessed with the new lorde album ! the sound design is so interesting and really create compelling moods that really captivate you . the sense of entitlement comes from some men framing friendzoning as an unjust rejection : they characterize their experience as i did x , y , and z for her , and she still rebuffed me ! what more ... a mid-sized wildcat . like a ... an ocelot . i react the same way with a similar thought process . and it's so frustrating when my subsequent emotions seem to actually vindicate their unwarranted judgment ! i agree with some of the other sentiments expressed : perhaps let him know your concerns in a loving way . if he doesn't show signs of improvement , it shows that , whether intentional or unintentional , ... i totally understand your frustrations going through high school . i myself felt some of the same way , but i think i really helped myself by have some introverted friends that could connect with ... bingo ! my sister is an infj and is a graphic designer ( and a good one at that ) ! i think one of the secrets to her success is just as you pointed out : that there is a degree of science and psychology ... wow , it's so awesome to see the variety of professions infjs aspire to ! personally , i'd love to do something both humanitarian and international that requires academic intelligence and allows a ... i don't have any tattoos but i'd like to get one . i don't have anything super significant to tattoo ( which is why i haven't gotten any ) . though , i've been tossing around the idea of getting a tattoo ... i think this is really great advice . i have a tendency to worry about the future , whether i'm investing my time today to effectively prepare for it , whether i'm using my time and energy effectively ... i think reality is a collective consensus . i remember watching / reading a couple of things trying to explain an aspect of quantum mechanics where they said that particles are constantly moving and you ... hmmm , i don't really feel like the guy is humiliating himself ( unless he feels humiliated ) . i think in this case what determines whether it's a humiliating job is whether other people make it ... can i have two ? ! 1 . the ability to selectively read minds , particularly people's feelings . seems pragmatic . plus , how good at negotiating would you be ? ! 2 . time travel ! ! i think it would be ... i totally agree ! i don't mind some awkwardness , and depending how another person handles my occasional social faux pas ( or their own ) can be an opportunity to show how laid-back they are which i ... i agree ! i don't view men as hot . for me , that term describes an attraction based purely on physical traits , and i'm not attracted to anyone just based on their looks . i mean , i can say that i find ... i've gotten my sister and a friend to take it and learned that one of my aunt actually took it as part of work ! she's actually a legit believer in mbti which i found surprising and awesome ! also , a ... i think i would rather experience everything . with time , i hope i would come to make sense of the chaos and reach enlightenment ! would you rather time-travel only to the past with close companions ... i tend to think and talk more freely . i introduce topics that might be a little too esoteric , metaphysical , or just plain random for whomever i'm talking to . it also leads me to continue ... 1 . my mom , sister , and i always watch it's a wonderful life on christmas eve . 2 . for the attorneys that i assist at the law firm i ( now used to ) work at , i would make several different type of ... i wouldn't have much to say . i think a lot of the experiences i've had were important for my own growth and not necessarily something that i could've missed . had i not had many of those experiences , ... austinl oooo , well i guess that would ruin my day . well , i guess all you can focus on is hoping that the other person has the same realization you had . ugh , though that feels like it would be a ... this describes a good half of my daydreaming ! they are usually conversations i'm having to someone else explaining my view on something or exploring a concept i'm trying to define ( really , there are ... thirdarcade i think it might be best to wait until it is actually an official , serious relationship to bring that up . it strikes me as a little premature to bring up such a far-off concern ( financial ... wonderful and spot-on analysis ! really enjoyed reading through it . yes , people can ruin my day , usually with a careless or even straight up nasty comment that cuts at a personal insecurity . my mind ends up repeating those comments constantly through the day , and ... jackitty i second sweetish ' s suggestion : perhaps you should check out your ennegram type to help you create a fuller view of your personality type ! i personally find that figuring our your ennegram ... legend man , i completely understand your desire for transformation ! i wish i could transform myself , too . transformation implies an ease , permanence , and an incredible leap in growth that i ... this is the same tendency i have ! the whole seemingly hot / cold thing . for me , i have to force myself initiate a move , usually something as simple as starting up a conversation instead of waiting for ... ritsa if you're having difficulty narrowing down a career choice or field of study , i recommending trying to find actual job titles to aspire to related to that field and try to find as much ... i'm o ( - ) . a lot of people in my family are o - ! ( my siblings , my mom , my aunts / uncles on my mom's side , my grandpa , maybe his siblings ? ) . exactly , there is nothing inherently wrong or troubling with being a virgin late in life ( assuming that these people eventually want to have sex ; it wouldn't be particularly eventful if say a priest ... nothing is wrong with it at all ! for me , i just personally worried that i'd meet someone and the fact i was a virgin at such an age would pressure them too much , they might ... '