' another vote for meditation here , although i don't have much to add to what others have said . to piggyback on another active thread right now travel is another good time to practice , but i'm less ... honestly , it's probably the surest cure i know of at the moment . i just got back from a trip to japan and taiwan , and honestly the pervading feeling of novelty , balance , and just general ... i am an analyst at an investment bank . definitely a job , and not a career - - it will have been two years this summer , and i'll finally be out . it is a pretty hostile environment for an infp , and the ... i'm currently 5 months in at my job working in a very type-a , corporate environment . i think i'm decent at my job , because i'm good with the details and keep a calm face ( despite inner chaos ) when ... heard this the other day , and it came to mind when i read the title as dubstep for infps .  this video has had a profound effect on me since i saw it two days ago . ive struggled with depression for about three years now , and this has ... back on topic , after my intense job this summer where i was essentially forced into using te in order to fend for myself , i find myself able to use logic much more in everyday life , and definitely so ... stressed by everything . especially by the caricatures of people that i have in my head , that always seem to depict the worst case scenario or be angry at me , when in real life things are often a-ok ... from what i can tell at least , infp men seem to be much more of a mixed bag . in real life i can't confirm any , and i doubt others would really recognize me until they had a chance to get to really ... i am all these and this might be one of the best threads ever hey all , so here's the deal . in a lot of ways i always feel like i'm trying to hide certain parts of myself around certain people . you see , i'm at a fairly prestigious school ( saying this kind of ... i'm pretty sure i come off as innocent to people who don't know me well , i remember hearing it from a girlfriend in high school too . except when i actually get loose around people i'm pretty fucking ... i like all kinds of hip hop , including some recent artists , but probably my favorite sub-genre of rap was 90 ' s g-funk . so many awesome rappers started out then , and the beats are timeless . here's one ... i don't pay that much attention to politics , just because it really makes me sick how corrupt and two-faced our politicians are . that being said , i like him because he seems to be more grounded in ... whereabouts do you live ? i don't know if i've ever met another infp , although considering my general obliviousness as to how i come off to others , i probably wouldn't be too good at spotting a fellow ... your description of yourself is pretty much spot on for me . i've always hated making silly mistakes , and i'll usually stay to go over my test at least once if time allows . i also proofread my writing ... i completely identify with you , and i'm basically in the exact same position as the op . i was actually going to start a thread on manliness earlier today , fancy that . so much to address , but ... girl next door as well , seems to be an infp thing haha i feel the same way a lot , especially if i'm stressed by some kind of social situation , or my complete lack of game haha . can't say i have any answers , but i have sort of figured out why i feel like ... i just had this exact feeling / thought , just thinking about how after this set of finals i'll have completed three years of college , and despite my success with mundane things like classes , jobs , and ... youtube - coachella & #39s channel i wish i was there so badly right now i can't think of a secret that people could really threaten me with , unless they were somehow to peer into my consciousness and fully unmask me , then use my own thoughts and memories to threaten me , ... hey guys , i know there are a lot of infps that have found or are seeking their passions through their careers , but what about those who grind it out in white collar office jobs ? i've set myself up ... i'm in my third year of college . freshman year was pretty fun just because of all the new-ness , but when that wore off it became a bit tedious . i guess i'm on a bit of a fast track career-wise , so ... the one intj i know in real life is often overly critical or negative , focusing on others ' negative traits and often speaking with the attitude that he could do better , just because he is aware of ... i collect cigarette lighters , especially when i travel , i always try to get at least one lighter representative of that trip or place . i love the ones that look like other objects , like i have one ... they are pretty rare for me recently compared to neutral or negative days , but usually i'll feel a high just come out of nowhere . i'm much more social , have more of a spring in my step , and just all ... i have , and it pretty much crushed me . i started to hate myself , resorted to weed / alcohol abuse , and developed an unhealthy view of women that led me to pretty much avoid all contact with them . not ... i don't think there is anything wrong with being different and unique , it should be something that you embrace . while mbti might explain a lot about your tendencies and behavior , it does not confine ... i've experienced a lot of what you're describing velle . i'm in my third year of college , studying engineering at a very competitive school . i've had trouble really letting people in , and often feel ... i can identify with the feelings expressed in this thread , 100 % . i think in large part it is due to our infp search for truth , the search for our own place in the world where we fit and can exist in ... would an infp boy signal that he likes me - but not act upon it ? ( ask for my number or something ) yes , i do this all the time . girls i make eye contact with all the time , we notice each other , at ... i agree that we come off as serious and a bit in our own heads to strangers , which is annoying because it tends to drive people away . i guess it makes sense for us , since we aren't super social ... every time that i break through a bout of depression there is one thing in common . i think that as infps we have a tendency to get caught up in the big picture of life , but returning to the present ... i've had similar feelings to you for some time . what i've realized recently was that , like gloosle said , it all comes down to accepting yourself for who you are . for the longest time i didn't even ... i usually think i'm delusional in thinking this , but i'm in the same boat . at least among the guys on my campus i'd consider myself reasonably good looking , but i haven't even started developing my ... i definitely resonate with a lot of the feelings the op mentioned , and some of the replies so far . i wish i could be more extroverted , more logical , more decisive , and i think i wish i could have all ... smashing pumpkins - 1979 definitely one of my favorite bands / songs ever ! although i don't have any contributions to make about the video , i know nothing about infjs . i personally haven't , but i don't know if there is anyone out there that would to the extent you describe . perhaps someone who could resonate with feelings of insecurity , whether from personal ... i run away , pretend they don't exist , say ridiculous things by accident ( shit just comes out of my mouth ) . if we make eye contact i look away immediately , which is a dead giveaway but also a reaction ... i'd love to be in a solid relationship right now , and i feel like it would really fill the hole that has been in my life since my last one ended two years ago . throughout high school girls came to ... it might be similar , probably just more idealized , and i'm less likely to compromise unless someone really comes after me . so i guess yeah , it is a bit different . i went through a similar experience this summer living with a friend that i believe to be an intj . his constant presence , along with the fact that we ate breakfast and dinner together when we weren't ... just a practical question for you guys , are you able to prevent your emotions from interfering with productivity ? some days , ie yesterday , i felt super lethargic , everything felt like a task , and i ... i haven't taken the test to see what my enneagram is , but this is exactly how i feel about life . it gets exhausting , especially since i've found it harder to straddle these lines in college than in ... i can third this . i guess i seem aloof , especially living in nyc , a lot of times i just can't handle all the faces everywhere . some i know and so many others i don't , so i just completely zone people ... i'm currently studying mechanical engineering and minoring in economics . totally opposite sides of the spectrum , i'm straddling this bitch for as long as i can before the decision is forced . at the ... my style is constantly evolving , i'll go through phases where i'll buy a bunch of similarly styled shirts , then realize that i have too many or change my mind and move onto a different style . plus my ... i agree with pretty much all of this . as others have mentioned in other threads , it really seems to be an aura that the girls i find attractive exude . unfortunately they tend to be quiet or shy as ... entp is my best guess , a very free spirited girl , it was liberating . '