' i don't hang out in personality cafe much any more . it seems like the majority in our forum aren't esfjs , but rather people wanting to complain about esfjs . which is valid , but it becomes draining to ... littlemermaid i think that's a completely fair desire / feeling on your part . i wholeheartedly believe that everyone should be able to share only what makes them comfortable , with those they feel ... i know a few intjs , one of them being one of my husband's younger brothers that i've known for about nine years . we're not super close or anything , but we get along quite well . i very much understand ... hi haruna i think one thing about esfjs that can result in the kind of fault that you're describing , is that we are very focused on what ( and especially who ) is in front of us . i personally do ... hi cmae 1186 a great way to determine your type is by researching cognitive functions . esfj and enfj are very similar in their functions , they are both fe dominants who love being around and ... hmmm ... can't speak for anyone else , of course . but personally , i'm too concerned with helping those around me to be very self-victimizing . do i feel overwhelmed because of the things i take on ... she probably just wants to talk about her problem and has mistakenly gotten into the habit of opening with a question . i get that that would be frustrating , especially for thinking types who want to ... outside of acting on the stage , that would be a no from me . i don't cry easily , nor do i try to fake emotions for any reason . no , i don't mind at all ! i enjoy helping people and answering questions about type . :) i know you didn't ask about this necessarily , but ime , this type of stuff is less about ' doing the right ... oh good , i'm glad i could help ! you can thank my si for the details . ;) ok , so she might need like 8-9 months to get over it ... but hey , if it's already been a couple of months , it won't ... hi i read your post and have given it some thought . how long was she with her ex before they broke up ? people typically take around half the amount of time they were in a relationship to get ... well , i'm 100 % fesineti ( coginitive function stack of esfj ) , but i've never , ever in my entire life been popular . i was one of the weird kids growing up - - partially because my family lived out some ... banned esfjs ? lol how did they get banned ? i personally love itnps - - their tine combo is great - - their strengths are my weaknesses . i keep a lot of them in my life . i don't know about the bragging thing ... i don't know that i've ever really bragged about anything tbh - - at least that i recall . when i flirt , it's pretty overt . i'd say if she's dropping hints about ... well , i can't speak for all of us , but i personally can't help but be friendly to people ( unless they give me a good reason to behave otherwise , and even then it takes a lot ) . a lot of people have ... based on the second one , i could qualify as a nerd in a few areas of interest . there are certain things i am truly an expert in , but they aren't stereotypical nerd topics or hobbies , like computer ... i have written a function-based esfj description based on cognitive functions that might help . you can find it here . the isfj one is in the works . i'm happy to update you when it's finalized if you ... still no solid definition of ' nerdy ' here ... i think esfjs are prone to obsess about 1-2 interests at a time - - learn as much as possible about a topic they're interested in , which could be literally ... don't spend too much time alone . do spend some time single to get over the relationship . rebounds aren't typically too healthy , in my experience . i can't stand top 40 type of music , usually . please no country , rap , most pop , etc . i like weird / unusual vocals and interesting instrumentals . anything piano driven is great . top favorite artists ... i was an only child , raised by an infp mom and intp dad . i did whatever it took to please my parents as a kid . i was well behaved , and always deemed mature for my age . i typically had 2-3 close ... doing great ! i hope you are , too . thanks for the esfj love . not sure there is such a thing as ' too nice ' , unless you mean literally not taking care of oneself at all . that's not healthy . also , i ... hmmm ... i suppose my first impression of you , based on your picture and username , is that you have a keen sense of humor ( like most intps i know ) . your life ... probably work , programming ( either ... well , like i said , i can't predict her reaction . but i would strongly recommend sitting her down ( if you haven't already ) and telling her that when she says things like , you're a bitch and your ... well , it sounds like you both have some stuff to work through . i think it might be good to sit her down when you both have a spare minute and tell her , hey mom , i am having some issues in xyz area ... happens to me all the time . i'll have this great new original idea or invention , and come to find out someone else already got there waaay before my time . sigh ! when conversing with high ne ( or ni ) users and working to grow our ne , i think the key to going on an ne thought / conversation journey is to follow the one rule in improv comedy . i used to be a ... 8/ 10 . i missed 6 and 8 . i know i'm late to the party here , but i love regina . i think she is 100 % infp , based on her music , interviews , and social media posts . she's brilliant and amazing . sigh ... i tend to always laugh at my own jokes . if you didn't think your joke was funny , why would you put it out there in the first place ? are we defining maturity based on our inner world or our external behavior ? are we talking about concrete , practical , i pay the bills on time and have savings to boot type of maturity ? are we ... may wonders never cease . honestly , i think if everyone did what they truly loved , the world could be a better place . could it continue on running like it does now ? no , probably not . but at the end of your life , would you ... i think people should worry about their own lives and not expect so much from others . unless someone has specifically asked for my input on their life choices , why would i say anything or try to get ... esfjs , in the name of balance and function development , let's post our ne thoughts here . i'll start : what if there is no fiction ... just parallel universes where the stories we write exist ? i'm ... why haven't humans evolved past needing sleep ? alrighty then ... not my sob story . just a hypothesis about how esfjs might end up in this mean girl persona . what i posted has nothing to do with me personally . and this isn't a contest , and i'm ... that's awesome that you've been friends that long ! i tend to have a pretty good memory and sometimes call people out when they've remembered something incorrectly also . though i try to keep in mind ... haha , yeah . but i mean , why , as an fe dom , would you invite two people who clash that badly to the same party ? seems like poor planning ! lol an intp might be better at ti , but the question is about ti in esfjs . it looks different when it's at a different place in the stack , serving different functions . no sense in asking an esfj how fe ... imo , there is a middle ground there . can't you just ignore someone you don't like ? if she was outright being mean to the person she doesn't like , then that's an issue . there's no excuse for bad ... thanks ! may i ask what prompted these questions ? curiosity , or is there an esfj in your life you're trying to understand better ? oh ! i see . yes , i think that could be fascinating - - i prefer ... hmmm ... tough one . i would ask , does she exhibit similar behavior with her other friends that you know of ? i'm married to an intp , and we started ' talking ' and then dating after a few months of that , ... hi the_cheshire_cat that's quite a lot of questions ! i will do my best to answer them . first off : i love the library ! if i had more time , i would go every 2-3 weeks ( alas , adulting gets in ... i was meaning that an esfj who acts like the bitchiest mean girl might have had a lot of bad influence for the majority of her life to get to a place where she ends up being the bitchiest mean girl ... welcome to the esfj forum ! i hope i can help ! - how do you get your motivational energy to engage others ? i'm not sure how much you've studied the cognitive functions , but that is the ... i think you make a great point here , prada . we pay close attention to how people are thinking / feeling . if we've known someone for any length of time , we will have a pretty good idea of what to say or ... like i said , behavior ( i . e . what you spend your time doing ) is not an indicator of what type you are . a sensor or intuitive type is a misnomer because everyone has both sensing and intuition , ... hmm . i guess you could say that . to me , it is more like expressing sympathy . i don't literally feel the emotions of others , personally . i'm not a super emotional person , so i typically don't feel any ... i love answering questions and helping people understand healthy esfjs better ! on ne : for me , ne comes in when i'm speaking quite often . i may start a sentence not quite knowing what i'm going to ... '