' ditto . if i had to guess who was considered the most uncool guy around , it would be me . i've learned to live with it . ibanaddams expressed it very well when she said we choose to be ourselves and ... i'm not right all the time , just a lot more often than most people . nor is everyone else stupid , just a significant number . and intelligence comes in many disguises . whatever you choose . 1 . the slow way : engage him in conversation about any intellectual topic that interests you . 2 . the fast way : stare tenderly into his eyes , smile , and say i want you . when he asks why ? ... 1 . chew off your own tongue and bleed to death 2 . no let's just say the real life is quite a bit different from this one . this life has as much reality as a dream does . confession ... i struggle with feelings of self-hatred for all my failures . i think it's part of the long , dark night of the soul that everyone must transcend . imho , we all have these ... yup . you have to hit us intjs over the head . don't expect us to pick up on subtle signals . yeah , it is tough . you have to be willing to risk rejection in order to get close to someone . you should try to get over that fear or it may condemn you to loneliness . if he doesn't respond , you ... the class you are taking together gives you a perfect conversation topic . ask him what he thinks about a class topic that interests you . suggest a cup of coffee . take a chance . if you are really ... i've known the mbti type of only one romantic partner - - my wife is isfj based on her test results . she says it was love at first sight for her . :-) an interesting note : two of my earlier ... you've got that right ! : laughing : in the past i used wine to relax from the pressures of work . i rarely got drunk , but the alcohol definitely loosened me up and i got a lot more sociable and ... very well said . i've never been terribly good at face-to-face debate . i bend over backwards to acknowledge error and keep an open mind , but it takes time alone to integrate new information , look ... are you sure you're not intj ? your avatar is perfect for intj - - i love it ! would all the stupid people kindly shut up : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : too true ! : laughing : i do not suffer fools gladly , although i try not to be too rude ( by my standards ) . usually i will extract myself from the conversation as soon as possible . so , to the op's ... 1 . extreme ability in logic , problem solving , and thus computer programming 2 . high standards in most areas , and usually attain them 3 . unusual ability to plan and organize 4 . decisive in most ... absolutely true , and good advice for any relationship . relax and be yourself . my advice for approaching an intj male - - be direct . tell him that you're attracted to him and why . if you're ... wow ! : laughing : i have noticed in the past that my reaction to the loss of someone ostensibly close to me appears to be different from most people's . i have lost my mother , father , and sister , and felt no strong or ... me too . although i did have some dreams similar to the op when in school . actually , i never forget and have a hard time forgiving . since i've seen a couple of additional posts beyond 10 items ( which i think is a good idea ) , here are some more points that have occurred to me to share ... 1 . earlier in my life i had a strong ... i'm happy to answer your questions . pm sent to avoid hijacking the thread . no problem with being touched , hugged , or cuddled . nor was it ever a problem for me . fiction favorites : double mobius sphere ( nim ) the perfect thief ( bass ) the martian series ( edgar rice burroughs ) the alexandria quartet ( durrell ) siddhartha ( hess ) magister ludi ( hess ) king ... every generation laughs at the old fashions but religiously follows the new . h . d . thoreau my response was neither . i've never had a pet as an adult . the hair floating around , the smell , the accidents in the house , the time to take them outside for exercise , boarding during ... i agree with the previous posts that your intj friend needs professional help . i would add that you need to be more concerned with learning who you are and what you need from a relationship . don't ... 1 . won a prize for my amateur photography 2 . retired it project manager 3 . declared political science as my college major at the deadline before taking a single course in the discipline , and stayed ... [ quote = filo ; 685287 ] intjs don't really care about their reputation . [ / quote this intj does care about his reputation , but not enough to sacrifice my individuality and integrity . if cut , do i not ... you're stupid you need to be more serious and focused i wish i was as popular as you are you need to assert your individuality : laughing : i have always been thrifty and lived within my means . thought hard about any significant expenditure . never felt a need to keep up with the jones ' . when i started earning enough money i saved , as ... parsing the description to indicate its accuracy in describing this particular intj : loner - - probably accurate . not a joiner . dislike most group dynamics , perhaps because they are dominated by ... i am extremely sensitive and easily hurt , but am strong enough not to let it deter me from acting according to my principles . this may be interpreted incorrectly as being thick-skinned . i usually ... 1 . achieve complete and conscious union with god 2 . achieve complete and conscious union with god 3 . achieve complete and conscious union with god . . ... you get the idea . everything else is ... this intj would like to be friends with everyone , provided i don't have to compromise what i am . it feels dishonest and rather wimpy to go along with the crowd just to fit in . i just can't stand ... well said , orestes - - i still believe we should try to do our best as human beings and try to make something with our existence even if choice is an illusion the results seem about right to me ... openness to experience / intellect high scorers tend to be original , creative , curious , complex ; low scorers tend to be conventional , down to earth , narrow ... i believe we can change ourselves , to some degree . over my lifetime i have learned a great deal , and it has changed me . i am more peaceful , less willing to return hatred with hatred , less selfish , ... no linguist here . language is one of my weaker skill sets . i figure it took me a lot of hard work to learn english well , and don't want to make that effort again . sure , i know enough basic spanish ... no problem expressing affection , but this has been learned over many years . scoring rather low on interpersonal intelligence , though , it's difficult for me to know what people want / expect unless ... dallas , texas metro area for the last 28 years . advice for intj's : - solicit input from others and be open to having your ideas challenged . not a problem . - avoid being self-righteous and defensive . don't reject others ' views outright just ... such behavior is not typical of this intj . never done it . i agree with the post that claims intjs have an offbeat sense of humor , though . i am intj and i agree with you , but would assign 100 % instead of 99.9 % . karma is constantly at work both during and across lifetimes . every choice , and every intention , has a consequence . karma is ... here's the perspective an intj who has ( he hopes fervently ) finished his working career ... despite my best efforts over many years i never could find a job that popped my cork , never could decide ... i've tried to become lucid while dreaming , but have never succeeded . just attempting to remember dreams seems to ruin my sleep , to the point that i don't feel well-rested . so i stopped . i'd be ... get up anytime between 7am and 9am clean up and set out the supplements for the day no breakfast fire up the laptop check the financial & economic news online - - this usually takes a couple hours ... i pretty much agree with this . fighting is destructive , when i want to focus on the constructive . when i get mad , i know i've lost the internal battle . hurting others , whether verbal or physical , ... are you an intellectual elitist ? highly intelligent ? yes , by most any definition . highly educated ? yes . i graduated from a prestigious college and attended grad school . more importantly , i ... '