yes , i'm an infj girl and i suspect he is an estp ! what made me resist was mainly the advice i was getting from my friends , and also i have never been in a relationship before , so i'm very careful ... three of my friends ( who are girls ) and a teacher . one of my friends , who i believe has the most unbiased opinion , told me that i deserved better , the other two said that i was too naive , that he ... hey guys , i need some advice on love relationships . i have some feelings for a guy on my class , we're friends , but for more than a year now he has made it clear that he wants to be with me . here's ... i'm not a sarcastic person , in fact i hate people who have a mocking demeanor . i don't think i'm extremely attractive , i'm normal looking . but yes , i tend to look people in the eye when they're talking , maybe that's what causes it . hello tzara , it's working fine now . thanks ! that happens to me as well , but it switches ... sometimes i feel that people are really umconfortable with my presence and other times i feel like people like to be close to me and share things , it's ... hahaha , i'm not sure if you're being sarcastic or not . but that's definetely not it . i'm an average looking girl , i'm not ugly neither beautiful , so it really puzzles me when i get these reactions ... maybe it could be ... but it happens so frequently : confused : thanks ! they're one of my favorite bands . i have noticed it lately , mainly when i'm in a class at college , when teachers are explaining something they look at me and i feel like they are perplexed or disoriented , some of them even start ... totally off topic , but is anyone else having problems with the infp forum ? everytime i try go open it , it shows an error page . can someone help me out ? : confused : now that you said that about liking to make plans , i believe she's an esfj . she likes to have everything timed , it's a nightmare when we travel . that's kinda sad about your sister , i don't wanna ... well , she does work a lot ... but right now i'm on vacation , so we see each other all the time . it's a strange coincidence ... maybe it's an esfj thing :P no , with our mom as well i'm not sure , but i believe she is either esfp or esfj she's 29 , and i'm 19 ... i'm really frustated here , i have a sister who always does that . last time she asked me to go out with her and when i say no because i got the flu and i'm not feeling well to go out , she simply stops ... i haven't read the books , but i've seen the first three movies and they suck . brazilian portuguese , english and spanish i'm so happy i'm not the only one who loves the smell of gasoline :) i love rain <3 love , always :) blue , lavender and yellow :) yes , i totally relate to that . watching the ocean , the mountains , the trees , the sky makes me feel so serene . it's really like a spiritual experience :) yes , sometimes i feel like i'm in a dream and i wonder if we're being controlled by a higher intelligence , like in the film ' the matrix ' or something like that ... there's times when i look in the ... wow , you're a german shepherd ! german shepherd the perfectionist doggedly dedicated to getting the job done , you don't let silly little distractions get in the way of putting in a full ... i think we could be compared to crabs as well it's already been said , but ... the 70 ' s ! yes , finding out about the mbti and that i'm an infp made me more at peace with the world . knowing that there are people who have similar tastes and views of the world made me feel like i belong more ... honesty creepy guys lol to me it's the completely opposite . in my childhood i was very angry and annoyed easily when i was home . but at school i was like an angel . as i grew older i became much more calm , i think i had rage ... yes , totally . the other day i was in a situation where i couldn't leave a certain place . there was a group of guys talking loud and basically bullying one of the guys for stupid reasons . so , when it ... the wind nope musician :) fall actually i'm not good at apologizing , i wish i would do it more often . john frusciante , david bowie , lana del rey ... june 26 crime and punishment red hot chili peppers - funky monks i've lived with him for most of my life , but i hardly know him as a person . he was always emotionally distant ... now that we're not living in the same house anymore he's trying to be more involved ... yes , very much . and it's funny because it's always when i'm trying not to draw attention to myself ;/ leonard shelby from memento * __ * brazil ( 1985 ) by terry gilliam i think i fit better as the negotiator the only thing i find untrue about me is that : ' they are good with words – fluent , rapid , innovative , with broad vocabulary . ' i'm awful with words ... i ... i miss my childhood as well , like spending an entire afternoon just playing with my dolls ... somewhere in the ocean , in a kingdom , kinda like in ' the little mermaid ' ... hahaha :D