' sometimes i wonder whether i'm an infp . then i realise that these thoughts usually come about when i'm wallowing in intense self doubt and confusion aka . feelings . oh the irony . the thought of a normal job is like getting stabbed a little ... right in the beliefs . laying in my bed , smothered in pillows , gentle winter breeze brushing playfully against my arm . all whilst i listen to ... that's the perfect description of most of my social encounters xd the feeling of just not being on the same wavelength as the majority is all too common . and as for how to spot us in public , as ... an elaborate doodle . 68687 my first attempt at pop art :) i drew it , then realised it resembles a strawberry ... a monstrosity of a strawberry . 68295 i love the vivid colours , imagery , and patterns ! btw , the eyes are stunning ! here's a couple of drawings i've conjured ( although they have no running style or theme haha also available here ): ... morning with heavy eyelids you wake , against the will of the bed you pull , your foot escapes followed by its peer , the time to take stand is nigh , and with undeterred will you persist , with ... in some lights , christopher hitchens looked remarkably like my dad ... trying to get with another infp , much to my heart's contempt is absolutely impossible . so i sit here contemplating my next move , over-analyzing everything , hoping that somehow i can figure something ... making love with a person you love whilst listening to a debate with richard dawkins in the background : tongue : the piece on the left is called thinking and on the right , seasons . i'm still working on thinking and my work on seasons was cyclical until i completed it ... i apologize for the word-play but ... it's official , i'm way too sensitive . i just got blanked by a girl i've been talking to ( who i'm pretty certain is also an infp ) and don't know why ... not going to lie , i'm pretty upset . listening to ... btw , the last piece i posted is called thinking . this is a little something i did yesterday , hope you enjoy it :) u200bseasons 61536 60962 i'm done with this sketch for now ... until my perfectionism kicks in and forces me to add to it . : happy : those people wearing a single item of luminous clothing ( usually shoes / backpack ) kind of out of style with the rest of their clothes ... well that's how you'd spot me anyway : happy : are you high ? ! you're the most interesting person to get high with ! have you been out of your room today ? at first , it's hard to grasp what you're saying , but when you do , you realise that ... fe is responsible for the rather instinctive position we take on whatever the subject may be ... it can come across as prejudice but with the help of intuition and perception , it's usually justifiable ... i should really be asleep , instead of writing philosophical poetry at 4:50 am ... can't see myself making tomorrow's 9am lecture hahaha . the grey room a door has no entrance , no exit , nor ... just a lil ' update :) 60502 i switch between being an infp and isfp sometimes ... today i am an isfp :P 6031060311 6031260313 60314 just some stuff i've done over the past two days :) thanks man , that's the first poem i've wrote in years : happy : written by me : anarchistic a4 the paper wavers as cold winds blow , its corners flutter to and thro ' , struggling to escape its anchor , so when it does its path may falter . when your moral obligation forces you to scrape ever single bit of tuna out of a can so that not a single part of the tuna was killed to be wasted . on the topic of tuna , when you have to buy the ... i couldn't agree more . like yourself , i too thought i needed to change how i express myself around others . i did this by channeling my intelligence away from my fe , towards my ti ( i effectively ended ... when you stop talking to someone mid-sentence because you get distracted by looking at the drink you're pouring in a cup which then reminds you of rivers etc ... or is that just me :P i am able to completely manipulate people if needs be and can emotionally destroy people by pointing out all of their faults and traits whilst adding a negative twist intended to make them paranoid , ... definitely melancholy / blah . then i look out the window to see a snowy urban wilderness ... childish happiness temporarily restored :D i feel like i accidently infiltrated your place of thinking by commenting on intp threads as an intp of which i convinced myself i was , for i am an infp ( albeit with only a slight preference to fe ) , ... arguing with another intp when they are wrong ! ended with me thinking einstein may well have had similar thought patterns to us , but damn ... intelligence varies greatly between individuals regardless ... minavanhelsing ; 3316444 you sound like my female doppelgänger . i know this is probably a question that can be found quickly through google , but i've came up with an idea worth patenting and i don't have the slightest clue what to do . i don't want to send some ... when you're having a conversation with fellow intp's irl , the world could be getting destroyed around us and we'd be saying did you see that documentary on ... qingdom i'd be surprised if the majority of reasoning behind signing the petition is anywhere near as complicated as you have made it seem unfortunately . it does make me wonder . it can be said that everybody has two selves , a rider and an elephant . the elephant is the subconscious and the rider is the conscious . the subconscious is called the ... a new , niche sense of humour . funny for us intp's and maybe psychologists in general : example : a group of intp's starting a gaming company ? well i never ! * slams face into desk * <--- a sarcastic ... the pure simplicity of the minds responsible for arguments pro-guns : when you're not interested in learning specifics , because the knowledge already exists and you can simply look it up and apply it to something when it is essential , because what's the point of using ... when reading other personality type's opinions of us in the q & a about dating intps , and intp dating thread puts you off wanting to be in a relationship regardless of how much you may ' want ' to be ... barcelonic here's a link to an article sleep deprivation : impact on cognitive performance . i think i originally read about it in a new scientist article and it just stuck in my head ever since ... funnily enough i've been ' sheltered ' from thinking i'm that different from others until rather recently because my friend circle at home are all miraculously xntx's . now however , i realise i have a ... i've found that when i'm sleep deprived , my fe seems to be more prevalent than my ti . sleep deprivation is associated with a decrease in cognitive ability ( especially the part of the brain which ... when you include a personal comment purely intended to get a reaction from an examiner in an exam worth 50 % of a whole module . you know that it may annoy them and as a result negatively affect your ... buddha i might refer this song to people when they ask me why i don't like going out drinking ... not enough people have watched this documentary : not sure whether he's already been mentioned or not , but richard ayoade from it crowd , the watch etc ... i know of its origins , i was merely expressing an idea which seemed rather fitting for the thread subject ... '