' well , i don't know where you live , but here , the situation is equal to yours . finding a job is hard . you are not alone , trust me . i don't have a car as well , because i invested all of my money in ... exactly dulcinea , it is a mild form of bipolar . the ups are less high , and the lows are not so down . you are very right about light and exercise . sometimes it's hard to force myself to get out ... cool , thanks . today i'm feeling okay . yesterday i took a tiny bit of ssri . doc said i can do it ( he suggested taking it all the time of course ) . actually i suffer from cychlothimya , that means i'm ... sounds like a zen principle . i like it . do you think the book you mentioned is worth a read ? i've got so many self-help books that i could build a house with them . probably 10 % useful books / 90 % ... again , intj , it's natural for you to not care about what people think . it's easy to say like that when you're intj . intjs's in my experience don't give a damn about communicating with others . ( i get along very well with intjs btw ... ) your idea is very good , but i've been doing that for my whole life ( musician ) ... i still feel unliked by some people ... hated by others ... liked and loved by many , but still i focus on the haters ... so i've been through a deep depressed phase these days . i should take ssri but i refuse , cause i consider it a ' crutch ' and i would like to solve the problem at the core . i've got a great number ... endless possibilities . exactly what i'm talking about . you sound like a wise person ( at least wiser than me ahah ) . maybe then i'm just a control freak , and i would like to control the future . so , in times of stress i always have this ' train of thought ' , for instance when i need to take an important decision . it takes forever for me to take a decision , because in my mind , new ideas ... the most tragic movie i've ever seen is ' lovely bones ' . absolutley shocking and horrifying . i see . well that's interesting . i think the problem here is , when you have completed a ' task ' , reaching your ' goal ' , it wouldn't make sense to do that again . maybe your motivation is not that high ... been there , done that . take all your stuff away . for months . forget about it . do something else . play games . watch movies . listen to music . socialize . forget that you're a writer . you need to feed ... i see depression , apathy and a bit of detachment . i have had that kind of look . it happens . if there is an authentic drive behind a ' passion ' , i need no discipline at all . if i get confused with too many projects , i just need to cut out the ' less interesting ones ' , and maybe put the energy ... ... and ? please elaborate . what do you mean exactly with that ' nice ' ? that's what my gf did with me . it took her something like 10 emails and 2 or 3 ' no ' from me . she was really determined ( she's intj ) . but i agree , dreamers need to learn to live the present ... rofl man i'm dying . literally , i'm chokin ' from laughs haha need to find an edgar allan poe t-shirt asap ! ! ! it's the coolest thing i've ever heard haha loool : rolling : i realize my post was a bit harsh , please bear in mind it was meant just to provoke thought . your reply makes much more sense than my question , you are absolutely right there is much more ... how does an introverted idealist should approach women ? isn't an infp a beta male ? i'm starting to think that it's a feminine type . some years ago i have made an electronic record . maybe someone will like it . it's dark ambient electronica :-) :-) cheeers ! ! ! ty . when depression kicks in , especially after i drink alcohol to lower anxiety , i become silent and quiet . it happens probably 5 days per month . i let ' em say whatever they want and i don't know ... you're never too late ! ! :D funny ( and interesting ) thread , and i find hilarious that an infp created it . it shows that our imagination is just deranged . i mean , who would think about typing a pornstar ? we do . two days . after that , i'd go crazy not seeing anyone . i agree with you . i am noticing that people like to tease specific persons , like the quiet ones . i will try to take myself seriously and see what happens . yeah , also i think social ... i see intps as giant calculators who gather informations . the one i know , alwasy has this ' blank ' , serious facial expression . you know how he deals with his shyness ? by telling jokes , a lot of ... 1 . communicating with people who don't even listen to what you're saying and talk over you . 2 . i see no solution other than not talking to them 3 . i've always scored infp , sometimes infj so , yesterday i decided to go and meet this guys again , instead of choosing the avoidance path . i went to the pub , standing straight and looked ' em right into the eyes , but i behaved in a polite ... your courage is remarkable . i've tried to live abroad . i felt like i was escaping from my problems . you see , i like challenges , and i would like to conquer them all . i am a bit crazy , i know . i am in ... ok , i will explain better . living in a small town , even if i decide to stop hanging out with this people , i still would have to meet them when i go out , say , in pubs . we go at the same concerts and ... actually i'm pretty sure that by doing what you suggested , it would get worse . because they want a reaction , they want to see you angry . plus everybody says that i'm the kind of guy who's ... so a couple of days ago i went to this friend's party . we sat at the table , it was like 5 extroverts and 2 introverts . bear in mind it's old friends i used to go out with when i was an extrovert ... a shower to me is like meditation . concepts and ideas start flowing in my head :) if you studied things that you found interesting , then no degree is useless ! i love every kind of blue . i associate it with hope . we infps always try to save little insects from death well , after some days of ' ruminating ' i have come to a conclusion : it is better to move on with my life , because trying to find out the reasons for what happened ... might be useless ! what about being honest and telling her what you really feel , without expecting anything from her ? maybe she will not judge you ... you have danced together and have become friends . that's no dilemma to me , it sounds like a good situation for you . what are you waiting for ? sometimes you gotta take some chances , because you ... wow . i deeply feel the way you just described . it is truly devastating inside when it happens ! that's what i'm trying to become :) i get obsessive as well . i think some people would rather not tell you why they don't like you as a person , or what have you done to them . they probably have their reasons and want to keep them ... that's what i've been trying to do for a year . i just keep checking her fb page from time to time , just to inflict myself some pain . masochism ? anyways lots of cool answers.it feels good knowing ... i have been bothered for a long long time now by this question ... let's say that you try to befriend a person that you think it's important for you ... and then this person ignores you with all his ... anger is good . you just have to express it . but there are many different ways to do this . the worst thing you could do to yourself is bottling it up , because in the end it will make you a depressed ... hi faerie , i did the exact same with my music . i started playing guitar when i was 13 , and i couldn't give a shit about the rules of music , just playing from instinct . it was lots of fun . then i started ... the magic stuff and places that you find when you're daydreaming ( read : all the day ) i literally spend my days chewing the inside of my mouth . yes . it's a fascinating ritual for me . a moment of introspection . but i'm no chain smoker . '