' 1 . as an entp female , do you prefer to seduce or be seduced ? i prefer to be seduced , but often times with girls i fall hard and seduce them . 2 . what's your main moves as entp female ? ( so ... i have been known to smile at the ceiling when i am drifting off and don't hide when i am feeling mad or sad , but prefer not to verbalize it because i want a chill atmophere , and will solve the ... calmness i hate setting long term goals , partly because i am at a young stage in life where i can do anything . so whenever someone asks me what my plans are , they get some random answer of what i am doing ... i like to travel alone as well , it allows me to explore without having someone rush me . i will meet people on the way if needed , or maybe take someone if they have a car . i would only take someone on ... a new short term goal so i dont feel like nothing is going on + the great gasby - the adventure of huckleberry finn tell me which of these makes you happier : 1 . ) going to bed knowing you can sleep for as long as you want or a compliment from a stranger . 2 . ) the smell of freshly-baked bread or a full fridge ... i got detention for never doing my homework , breaking stupid rules ( tardy , going to places without a pass ) and rarely not knowing when to shut up wysiwyg i dont fake stuff online or ever . please write your formula : infp + isfj = enfp ( i got the e because my 2 siblings are introvert and my mom is always in her own world so i make decisions for the family plus i dont really see my dad ... more capitalistic you get when you answer questions that are like support chain restaurants , less government control over the market and competition for those money questions . i got ... enxp 6/10 i could be more popular if i did sports at the school , and felt the need to branch out . right now , especially this year my friends need me and i am keeping a more tight knit group , but ... i skipped to about : 40 sec and at 1:10 i was feeling it . i like when the guitar starts because it is taking over the world music . the beat doesn't get boring and occasionally throws me off . i added ... www.youtube.com/watch?v=7t7wy9tiapi i found this really funny , because i am a wwe fan and she really didn't want to buy superslam . just jammin to unicorn kid , takes me to another world . a reality check personal ~ * name - grace nicknames : botan , ace * male / female / trans ? - female location - where were you originally born ? where do you live today ? any interesting story behind that ? the ones that apply most to me are , 8 , 14 , 5 , 23 , 17 , 13 , 4 i picked 7 although i should have picked 8 but i didnt know what perpetuator was until i saw the pic . the cleaner - because my desk needs to have space before i can work the list maker - ... board games - rolling the dice and guessing th number before i roll , monopoly ( with the right people ) , apples to apples , chess video games - alan wake , borderlands , world of warcraft , vindictus , ... i fall into all the groups because i am in a politics club , tech theater , and do sports . i also help people with academics and have fun at the school parties . most people would label me as ... i start blushing hard and need a few minutes to compose myself before approaching . if you suprise me by approaching first , i might seem disintrested or awkward , but when i am ready to approach i have ... so how did the date go ? pictures of you smiling , maybe at an event show us passion for what you do ( unclear ) don't include income because middle aged women can be judgy i don't really like the way the self summary ... when my friend came over to my house at 3am because he had family problems and needed a place to think . that was a year ago hear me out ok i will do it i am being serious what are we saying stop being a chicken i hate repeating myself especially when the person obviously wasn't listening the first time . radicalism 63.75 socialism 31.25 tenderness 37.5 these scores indicate that you are a tough-minded moderate progressive ; this is the political profile one might associate with a liberated ... this is a foreign song so i linked the subbed version . it has a good beat and is basically an entp theme song the way i interpreted it . action nu'est eng sub search that on youtube and it is the ... 1 . ) unethical - i have my own ethics 2 . ) joker-my friends say i am funny and people are always smiling 3 . ) no feelings - i am not open about them 4 . ) cocky - eh 5 . ) not romantic - i haven't found ... 9w1 just likes when everything is calm . are you a rager ? yes do you only rage absolutely when you're finally at your limit ; it happens once a month and it is my way of venting and letting loose thoughts out are you calm always , ... i did my first 10 mile race late april because we had a training group . i had a great running partner who kept the time ( we did walk 1 min run 5 min ) and could keep a conversation . she was a lot ... '