' i understand regret , i've just never felt it . so you are a pure anarchist ? or is this just you explaining you are all non-conformist ? conforming to the ideology of anticonformity . why are there no humanitarian goths ? oh , welcome and stuff . i hate to be the one to say this .. bah , no i don't , but you have been wrong all your life ! ;P welcome zeropsia . sophie's world by jostein gaarder dropping a baby on its head will make it smarter . doing it multiple times just stacks the effects . your baby will be a genius in no time . ^ death note ? do you think the grenade will still go off if i put the pin back in ? stick to it . you have already put so much effort and time in . tis silly to throw it all away now . and in a couple years if you don't like it , what would be stopping you from going back and doing ... i enjoyed p . e . especially the contact sports . gave me an outlet for my aggression . so no . p . e should not be banned . maybe optional . i am . numb . * long exhale * people . it is spelt p-e-o-p-l-e ! now , hello and welcome . : kitteh : why must i fear you ? you should fear me . anyway , welcome . lynx africa ... if you have a ' just roll with it attitude , your a p . if you have a plan for everything of everyday and stick to it , your a j . over simplified , but meh . welcome fellow intpness . i hope you like it here . . . * punches you in mouth as you attempt to bite my arm off * down boy . veges have familys too ... english is my first then : maori latin german french japanese - though i have no idea how , as i've never studied for it . a bit of arabic but i'm hoping to speak fluently in a few months . then ... kick him in the nuts ! but seriously if he is going to be disrespectful in somebody elses home and is causing your mother unnecessary stress he deserves the scorn and contempt you hold him with . you ... exactly . was this thread started to get your post count up ? or to put yourself out there and become known ? i am happy with my past ... for now . i could / would have alot of fun screwing my opposite over . but just think of the mind fuck if that were to be confirmed . our exact opposites ... hmmm . is there a galaxy out there that mirrors ours ? i mean perfectly , with our exact same ' opposites ' . i have been exploring the multiverse theory and this has been nagging at me for sometime now . if ... do or die . your name reminds me of the word kalashnikov . anyway hello fellow intp . it is always nice to meet another intp . welcome to the cafe my friend . no they lick . ha 80 % of the people i meet end up being manipulated by me . mostly there's no point to it other than that i can and i'm bored . fuck you scientologists . you are retarded beyond belief . i hope you ... simple . knowledge is power . if only there was , now stay with me here guys , some divine being that gave us free will that we could blame for societies fuck ups . xd it would have been interesting if there was some proof to ... shy ? not this intp . that being said i will be reserved around people i don't know and outright arrogant to people i dislike . i must say you esfps intrigue me . you are always so happy and free with your emotions . they are what guide your decisions which confounds me . any way welcome to the forum . i am a intp if that helps ... you said it my friend . that people would rather believe in some god creating us from dirt is insulting . and i'm not even going to start on the bible . i would be here forever . the rocking city of christchurch , nz . that suggests i've been caught . i am to good to be caught . i will , however , happily watch the others die . oh and welcome . there is an intp forum at intpforum.com if you would like to have fellow intps give you advice . many will relate in some form or another . i recommend you introduce yourself there as well . i compare ... a pleasure to meet you bear 987 si , se , ni , ne are how we gather data . its up to your ti , te , fe , fi , p / j to interpret that data . even then in battle you have to factor in stress / fear and the personality of the particular person ( s ) ... to you as well . my thoughts are voiced through debate as a new idea comes to mind it brings with it another voice to join in the discussion . it is very easy to verbalize or write my thoughts . expressing emotions ... i thank you for your greetings mr.cafebot . though i expect this is a message every new intro thread gets . ... well greetings all . i'm a near sociopath intp . it's possibly your unlucky day , for you esfps have intrigued me enough to actively mingle . if you have questions ask away , just don't expect me ... '