' i do get nervous with girls i really like , the thing is that im always very impulsive and tend to flirt very directly . ive kissed a lot of them out of nowhere when i know shes into me . im very ... funny how the guy who just said that hes a man because he fucked half the women on north america is calling other people misogynist . that you are more developed than other entps here ? are you even ... big mouthed asshole . its so brave to challenge someone on the internet . i would so enjoy to kick your old ass , but you probably are just some sad loser tryng to show off his manhood on the internet ... you should get a medical check and then a psychological evaluation if its needed . do you really struggle with this ? its weird , ive always found entps to be very caring people in general . in fact i would even dare to say they are sort of people pleasers in some things . of course it ... you seem very bitter , did your early 20s suck or something ? oh believe me , the less of things i could care about is an old first world old frustrated guy telling me how i need to man up on the ... i really dont even care what type a random person thinks i am , mostly because i study jung professionally in a clinical setting . and thankfully , im not in love with her , i just feel very sexually ... could you give a rational , theoretical reason why you think im not an infj , considering you dont even know me ? second , what does this have anything to do with the theme here being discussed ? third , ... shes bisexual . hypernovagirl today she used seductive body language and called for my attention after i ignored her . i think she is just trying to play with me and i dont really like that . ill ... thank you for your comment . i havent thought about doorslamming , im not really that emotionally invested on her to feel the need to completely shut her out of my life . i did think i could keep the ... thank you for your comment . i just find weird the idea of being ignored , i think that just saying she isnt interested would be easier , but i understand your point . very difficult . she is an esfp with bpd . it used to be very negative when i was a teenager , nowadays our relationship has become more understanding , mainly because of my maturity and understanding of ... hello perc community . i would like you hear your opinions on this particular case . im a male infj with a crush on a female entp . we are both in the same college and ive known her for quite some time ... read freud ´ s interpretation of dreams , it might answer your question have you ever received psychotherapy or psychoanalysis ? do you have recurrent thoughts ? the not attaching to the dog and repressing the mourning points to a possible explanation . psychotherapy is the only job ive really enjoyed until now . applying tests and general interviews are fun too but not as fulfilling as giving analysis / therapy . ( infj male hiding in the bushes waiting for the intp girls to get around so i can check them out ) not at all . entp and intp women can have a lot of sex appeal , particularly to feeler men . interesting post . one thing that comes to mind , why do you keep getting involved with similar women again and again ? if you are so sure of what you want from partner , why is it that you always date ... 271450 moonlight 02 i agree with all the comments before me but i would like to add something important . i think your case is one of unhealthy codependency and it could bring you more trouble in the future ... the new album by battleaxe , chinese potato chips and an enfp girl <3 im more that eager for the slam ! xd hello enfp friends :) its been a long time since i post anything on this forums , ive been very busy ! but this is a special occasion , a possible macro historical event in my lifetime . ive met a ... you enfps are adorable ! sadly , ive met a few who struggle with the same problem , both male and female . the main issue is your own need for attention and recognition . you seek for it so desperately ... sounds like typical infj self doubt . give him time and be honest about everything . try to bring him down from his own cloud stereotypes . it all depends on the individual . if arent able to take out your personality of your career then i dont think you will be able to be a good therapist . you cant impose your worldview on your patients and other individuals . about jung , ... being perfect is one of them . if not , just being a plain dick also works . im not sure neuro is capable of fully grasping all the details of the human psyche . in fact , neuroscience has not even explained the nature , origin and function of human consciousness . there are a ... yes we are . of course he does . just tell him , take the initiative . hes an infj after all . welcome ! maybe you are a shy extrovert , ive known a few . welcome to perc ! :) have you ever been in a relationship before ? how old are you ? discomforting knowledge . its makes you great of character . you know what ? i dont really care if women dig emotional men or not . i just want to be myself , im not changing or repressing anything in me just to please others . no person is worth not being who you ... i am sorry if the post offends you . is not our intention to sound rude , sexist or anything like it . ive dated smart , independent women with a good doze of femininity but at the same time tomboyish ... bexker you didnt get my point . im a boxer and ex gang member . im not coward or shy at all . i tall at least with 10 grils a day at college , the problem is not that i cant aproach them . the problem is ... gosh , seems like nobody understands the point . kind of used to it though . dont you ever feel like you cant be yourself around others , specially women ? i find that the only way women pay attention to me is projecting an alpha male attitude and image . if i show myself ... i just cant be myself and not be alone . being myself is accepting loneliness . i love politically incorrect humor ! welcome :) gosh , that was the shittiest date i have ever read about . people make mbti a dogma . i dont know why but i think you haven't read freud enough . and about jung , read a book named the aryan christ , very well documented and confirmed by people who met him in life . it shows a much more ... jung based his theories on freud , and both share the same as above . those theories you describe are of different nature than psychoanalysis . and about jung owning freud , depends on the case . in a ... i think it would be more healthy for you to start understanding people and accepting them . also , be more selective of the people you are surrounded with , it can help a lot . read freud . and yes , its without , not under . it refers to pulses ( not instincts , that's another mistranslated term ) , repressed feelings , memories and pulses . '