' i find it hard to bear people who are overly loud and brash . it sets me on edge . and those who wrongly judge a person yet have no room for persuasion once they decide on something . i like people ... i keep listening to this . i love that this thread is still active . so many beautiful magic beans here . * peers off into nostalgic distance where it all began * sorts . a surgical technologist seems to be very similar to an odp , with the pre-op preparation and assisting during the procedure . i'm still a fair way off from deciding on anything , but since these ... this is wonderful advice , thank you . i'm looking into how i would go about shadowing a professional occupational therapist , as you're right ; it's probably the best way for me to get a real idea of ... thank you all for your insights , they're much appreciated . fairies i don't think an odp position is as exciting as an emt , which sounds amazing by the way . i'm in the uk so things are a ... ... and anybody here who may offer an opinion , in fact . would an operating department practitioner be a good career choice for an infp ? assisting anesthetists , surgeons or post-op care . does ... my hero ... is anybody good in real life ? i didn't realise i missed this place . when you haven't posted for almost a year because you got sidetracked for what you thought was ' only a brief time ' : rolleyes : full moon ... the moon ... the main moon : laughing : speaking of moons , i met howard moon at the mighty boosh after party when they did a show here . i was a little starstruck ( no pun intended ) : crazy : quick thinking , pal : wink : we can discuss books and the evilness of bad guys and i can tell you about the time i thought dick grayson really was actually a small bird ... although that is a long story ... hmm good point . i would suggest public transport to stay with the theme and also to improve the seating availability . however , i think we need to get to the public library as a matter of urgency , ... yeeeh let's all go ! : laughing : belua you're so beautiful belua . damn ! teigue got here before me : laughing : welcome to the forum jillianna ! hello and welcome : wink : i've seen this and also really enjoyed it . i thought it was done pretty well and i was gripped the whole way through , plus i love watching ballet , it's mesmerising and kind of relaxes me , even when ... you click on the little earth icon which is ' insert link ' and a box will come up . you just put the youtube link in that and click post and it should come up : happy : i feel exhausted , but quite pleasant . i feel extremely restless ... we're taking over ... muhahaha ... i mean , well , most of us are too nice for that . or are we ? : mellow : hello snake and welcome ... come over and say hi in the infp forum : wink : hello there and welcome :) hello and welcome ! i'm exactly the same . it's a ramshackle type of organisation and then i get a brief ocd episode . but then it's back to the chaos : laughing : what an awesome tune :p roud : daaawww i love this thread :p roud : everyone is so adorable . it makes me feel all warm and fuzzy and smiley and bouncy and flouncy . aww thanks : blushed : and ditto to you ! : wink : i also cheated earlier , so ... i was obviously mesmerised by something fantastical .  it bothers me when i see adults trying to extinguish the spark in a child . one of my nephews was telling me about the book he was reading recently and my sister ( his mother ) started making fun of ... betrayed ... sneakers soccer team work : mellow : i once read that infps are ' wounded to the core ' which i related to for sure . it bothers me when i am feeling hopeful and a friend i care about a lot crushes me inside , almost every time we speak ... on edge , worrying about decisions made and how they will affect people . truth is they'll likely affect me more than anyone else ... is that what i'm worried about really ? maybe . one of my favourite films , ever . i just made a big decision that scares me and elates me . so i feel pretty scared and elated and sick with adrenaline . this song has never failed to make me smile :p roud : superb . i think you're right about it being an infp thing . i'm sure i recall reading that and thinking ' aha ! that explains it ' : laughing : i've always loved this song so much ... and the video :p roud : i've heard of that , i'm glad it's not so bad for you these days . i can imagine it's not nice to have . i don't know about my worst habit but i'm incredibly indecisive which i think annoys people ... hello and welcome fellow newbs :p roud : '