' i never responded to the bullies . they barely ever got any reaction out of me . i always kept to myself and never allowed them to see the effect it had on me . eventually the bullying died out because ... 1 . what is your type ? infp . 2 . what kind of features do you think makes a female attractive ( personality-wise ) ? someone strong-willed , open-minded , someone who knows what they want . she does not ... entj is the best match for me . we vibe in such a strange and fascinating way . i appeal to their hidden , usually under-developed fi ( especially if they are unhealthy ) . i do not see the reason to tell someone to stop greying their hair over this if it makes them uncomfortable when others initiate these gestures . hugging and pretending to like people in social gatherings when you really do not know them and feel no need to be close to them on a physical level like hugging . no thank you . people who do not ... i have always been told i have beautiful handwriting . old style handwriting . i write in cursive , and i am left handed , therefore my writing is leaning almost too much to the left . i was told my hand ... infp . metal . me too . all of this . especially plush animals . my plush animals still live in my bed , i talk to them still and they have feelings and thoughts of their own . yes , i can be temperamental . my anger lasts for a long , long time . i rarely get truly angry at people , but when i do , it lasts for years . i wish i was not like this . the other people living in this apartment and i were all eating together today . suddenly we began talking about ghosts , because i kept hearing strange sounds and have been hearing them ever since i ... the darkest of black . yes . i am very superstitious , and it feels a bit exhausting sometimes . i don't think i will have bad luck if a black cat passes by me , i love cats and don't think that's bad . but i have some things i ... i think i am just very good at personal two-on-two conversations . several people have approached me and thought i was flirting / becoming very personal with them when i was just being decent / a nice ... infp . heavy , thick snow , and dark autumn mornings . and fog . oh my , i love fog so much . i wish i had a machine that produced fog so i could turn my whole bedroom into a fog place . i am very emotional , but i can be cold as ice . through the years of my life i have learned to make harsh and stern decisions when needed . i used to be much worse at making the logical decisions and ... depends on the situation . i would die for a loved one . i would perhaps cut off a body part to save my beloved pets . infp here . i was a big daydreamer . had a major problem concentrating in class when the subject didn't interest me . learned extremely quickly how to read , spent all my mental energy on reading books ... most of my crushes is more like a platonic love for them . my literary crushes are : - nausicaä from studio ghibli's nausicaä : the princess of the valley and the wind - luna lovegood - gandalv the ... we are living in a big false lie , and this system is desperately trying to make us forget who we truly are , and why we are here . as a child , the whole world was an enormous , beautiful and magical ... i have to re-take math for high school in order to become a teacher in norwegian and english . ( there is a new grade law for how to become a teacher in norway . i hate it . ) i have always struggled ... enfj . stop acting like you give a crap about me when you meet me face to face , but underneath it all treat me like fucking crap and pretend that you care about me when you seriously don't . ... you know that feeling when there is one person who hates you and treats you horrible , but everybody loves them and if you ever tried to call them out or make people see their true face , everybody ... i want it to be that way . i think a type i have never encountered before would be estj 4w5 - and i honestly don't think they exist . but if they did , i would enjoy meeting one and observe and talk with them . i love flying , and i wish i could fly in real life . it depresses me when i wake up and realize i can't fly . how is cheese related ? i wonder because it sounds like a thing people do somewhere on ... i have dreamed of flying to a different planet for years , ever since i was a very , very small child . the past 6 months i have had repeating nightmares where i stab someone until they die in my ... go to the doctor and ask her about the cyst . maybe get her to check the cyst for you with her finger on that certain spot . if she sucks so bad at being a doctor , i wonder how she managed to ... have been told i look like elle and dakota fanning . there is one picture of me taken when i was 13 years old and my friend told me i looked exactly like onision ( a famous youtuber ) in that photo . ... infp . team mystic . could not choose between mystic and valor . my esfj boss chose instinct . no , i actually don't like being spent money on or pampered . you say you see girls as individuals , but you literally don't . you have an attitude problem and you are sexist . you blame girls for not ... quitting my job . i think one of your issues is that you keep telling others what girls want based on a stereotype of one type of female that wants men for money . this is already scaring a lot of people off because ... norway is ruining their own culture ( not because of immigrants , they're welcome here in my opinion ) but because norwegian teens idealize america and it's annoying as fuck . norwegian language is ... i am a cancerian too and i relate to everything you just said - especially about not handling the outside world too much and preferring to be in my own little cave . i didn't laugh , i almost ripped all my hair off from my head watching this . but it was also amusing . panama to france . iraq in afghanistan . i'm curious in what you mean by norse blood . as a norwegian i assume that means i am norse blood ? do you mean viking blood or just scandinavian blood ? i am aware , but i said holland intentionally . not to insult , but because i mean holland , not the entirety of netherlands . most people think norway is a city in sweden , which definitely annoys me , ... i have noticed something odd : most of my female friends are xnfx . for some reason , i attract enfjs to the point where they are overflowing in my life . my friends are not in one group . most of them do ... my entj father and i both believe and have experienced paranormal episodes since we were born . emotionally motivate yourself to be curious about people and who they are . she opens up fast because she is intrigued and attracted . an infp writing big walls of text to you - she is intrigued . fascinated . attracted . maybe fallen in love . or she just knows inside you will ... native norwegian . learned english from age 7 in school . can speak and understand danish and swedish . if i try hard , i can gather meaning from icelandic and faroese . know some spanish , ... i'm norwegian with fully norwegian parents , but we have relatives that live in germany , holland , sweden , denmark , russia and probably other places in europe as well . my uncle is born norwegian , ... i don't come across like a sensitive , feminine infp girl . i am cold as ice on the outside . quiet , cold and act like i have no emotions . inside i am an over-emotional sensitive monster that can cry at ... me in what i call my entj mood or entj personality . ( i feel like i have different personalities . ) 553722 me when i am in my sensitive , happy and loving mood . 553730 me when i am in a ... i think i have object permanence - but with emotions and love . i relate . i prefer darkness and darker rooms . at work there is a constant bright yellow light on and it makes me uncomfortable and feel numb over time . when i open the book store i prefer to keep the ... gender : female age : 19-29 intelligence : superior openness : conservative mbti personality profile : isfp i am a female age 20 , but i am a liberal infp . 1 . yes , but i also believe that i remain the same soul through my neverending energy / existence . i believe that trauma , experiences , memories , pain , things i associate with something good or ... the mother bear becomes aggressive when a male bear is nearby her children , because some male bears tends to kill bear cubs . she tries to chase him away and protect her children in case he decides to ... '