' all the time :P the worst was when i was a kid and i crushed on a rabbit from watership down ... but they've got human characteristics so what can you expect ! ! blegh . and the most recent time , fed ... same here . i'd actually say the thought of not being single possesses a large portion of my time . interestingly enough , the last time i was in a relationship i was frequently daydreaming about being ... fringe ? lost ? lost gets a little weird , and fringe probably does too , but i rather like them . i've never watched heroes , but you might try it . anne of green gables , i think poison & wine - the civil wars ( 1069 plays ) barton hollow - the civil wars comptine d'un autre ete l'apres midi - yann tiersen the great estates - the freelance whales all around me - ... 1 . does your first name fit you ? your last ? i suppose so . i used to dislike my first name , but now i'm perfectly fine with it ... and i can't think of a last name that would suit my first ... it's not to do with gaining more knowledge or learning more , it's the fact that they disobeyed god . is it wrong to disobey god ? yes . people are saying that by putting the tree there , god didn't ... yes . i don't know if it has to do with the fact that i live in a place where people come and go frequently , but i believe i'd be fine if i just moved away and never saw or contacted the group of ... it's really interesting how people gravitate towards one another . in middle / high school my closest friends were determined : an infj , enfp , enfj . we have a complete set of idealists :D anyway , ... they come out of the walls o_o for my creative outlet i usually do something related to visual arts--at least when i'm alone . when i'm with my very gifted enfp friend ( who plays the piano ) , we can improv and compose for hours . ... that we're perpetually happy and day-dreamy . sure we probably day dream quite a bit , but not in the sense that many people may think . i think our day dreams are more like deep thoughts and ... personal interest and passion , really . honestly , if i'm not personally interested in something , i'll meet the requirements but i won't do an amazing job . if i'm passionate and interested in ... exactly ... i think nts and nfs are the most interesting . it's just personal preference . sorry to have another infp invading an intj thread , but this sounds like an interesting article . do you think you could provide me with the link to the article if you read it online ? if it wasn't ... nobody is listing robin hood ? ! that's one of the best ! although i loved ( and still do ) robin hood , lion king , and mulan , i wasn't much of a disney kid . i really liked these two movies called balto ... speaking of naps , is there anyone here who isn't suited by them ? because i personally can't do with naps . whenever i have one , i wake up agitated with a headache . i never ever feel refreshed by them ... well i'm not the nervous / anxious type , but i need tons of sleep . 9-10 hours make me happy . i cannot function well on 6 hours or less ... which is interesting because that's what i often get due to ... just be yourself . whenever i'm on the intj forum and a person posts a thread asking what attracts intjs , the advice i always see is be yourself . either they'll like you or they won't . if you're ... pardon me while i go study an intp to develop my ' child-like purity ' ... i enjoy both , really . it's nice just to go out and absorb the warmth on a sunny day , but it's also nice to take a walk in the rain ... i like going out in the rain best when it's in a natural green ... this is one i wrote maybe a year or two ago we have to be more than a science apart . a love-poisoned dart cradled at heart . you pledge your allegiance but their loyalty ’ s flawed . instead ... even his voice is sort of trippy one day we'll come back and it is true what you say that i live like a hermit in my own head but when the sun shines again i'll pull the curtains and blinds to let the light in sorrow drips into your heart through a ... our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond imagination . it is our light more than our darkness which scares us . we ask ourselves – who are we to ... i've often mused about how i'd be if i were a guy , so . if you were of the opposite sex , what would you do for your beloved ? dates , little gestures of affection , anything ! only keep it clean ... i think people bash m night shyamalan a whole lot more than necessary . sixth sense and signs are actually pretty good movies and lady in the water was just a more niche sort of movie , i'd say . and ... yup , pretty much the universe is amazing . the other day , i was sitting in a courtyard at a table covered in plastic and i noticed it was making pretty reflections on my arm . they were like curlicues ... music is one of the most important features in my life . i pretty much listen to it everywhere i go ( apart from when i'm in nature ) and i can forget everything else that's going on around me . it sort ... speaking of loud people ... i dunno about you guys , but because of my dislike of loud voices interrupting the peace and quiet , as a small ( ish ) child i developed a habit of absolutely whispering in the ... one of the issues with labels is that they come with stereotypes , and after a person is stereotyped , it seems there is nothing more to them and they are dismissed . but the person is probably left , ... more like loud people rip my nerves to shreds ... some people have naturally loud , piercing voices and i actually wince when they speak . if i'm around them too long ( the individual people or loud ... that one didn't evoke too much emotion for me ... but this is one that does . sort of happy / sad their laughs are so evil :P yes , if there was a table of life ( i know , sounds cheesy . shh :P ) , passion would be one of its legs . i can even get passionate about dispassionate people ! sometimes i just rant to a friend ... i don't see myself ever settling down in just one place ... which is part of the reason i'm hesitant about children . i hear that most kids don't like to move , but i know i would have loved it . but i ... stranger : ever been in a knife fight you : nope you : you ? stranger : a few times stranger : it was only cutting though no sticking you : well that's fortunate you : why ask ? stranger : just curious ... i do a lot of things when i speak . if i'm feeling indifferent and normal i speak in what i suppose to be my normal way ... rounded vowels , i'll = all ... when i get excited i take on a slight ... ah i'm half asian . i get it , haha . haha , what was the thing that was fake ? this pendant i got in israel . it's a handmade silver star of david with a circular frame-ish thing around it , and the ... i can't think of any physical pain , but emotionally ... it's a bit strange , but it feels right when some people dislike me . for example , if someone i didn't particularly like full out yelled at me one ... i'm not sure what mbti type he'd be ... but let me go dig up my list :D the truth is , i could see myself with different kinds of guys , each possessing different characteristics . not at the same ... today i discovered that something sold to me was fake by attempting to clean it , getting no results , and then literally poking at it ( with a small pair of scissors ... ) . i described the process to my ... dude when i grow up i want to be an accountant ... that would be the bomb . well i think pon and zi are very cute in general ... but this spewing of hearts is sort of that attitude that i wish for myself , so :) yes yes yes , i looove sports . without them i'd probably feel titchy and on edge all the time . i've been involved in swimming , cross country , ball hockey , softball , and volleyball throughout school ... well , both have the capacity to be great or annoying :P i'd probably seek the company of nts before sjs though . i know this estj guy and usually i'm thinking shutupshutupshutup cause he says ... yep , i'm attracted to dark and sad things as well . and i get what you mean about appreciating such feelings . to believe in the light , mustn't one reconcile the dark ? one cannot exist without the ... i'm a christian . i think faith transcends religion . a person can do everything that looks right to fit their religion , but lack the actual faith that fills it--without it , religion is an empty shell ... wow , i just like words in general :P hmmm mesmerizing evidently marmalade titchy fantabulous ( yeahyeah , it's not a real word :P ) essentially initially '