' i agree with seralya , message him that , and then just wait . he will read it , then it'll take him some time to analyze the situation , and i'm sure he will message you back . i've had something like ... usually just boxers , or boxers and a t-shirt what about being a professor for an online course ? at the college i'm at , i never see my online professors , all work is done online , and i go up to the college to the testing center for tests . just ... i knew some that were jealous , but most of them weren't , they had their own clique it's the milkman ! ! ! haha , jk , my son is too young for me to know what he's going to be like as he gets older , but i guess if it's different than what i'm used to , it'll be a learning experience for ... that's exactly what i was thinking , it kind of sounds like he likes you and is trying to find some common ground with you . i was eyeballing the goldfish i have in the pantry this morning lol an orange i've always found the professors really make a difference in the classes . if you've had that professor before and liked how they taught , then go for that class ! it's hard to find classes where ... exactly ! i've been thru all of it , and divorce with a child involved was the worst thing i had ever had to deal with . luckily it worked out for everyone in the ends and we have a friendship to where ... i feel like i'm the same way . i'd love a long term relationship , but finding someone that has their life ( i would use another word here , but i'm keeping it pg ) together is the problem i'm having in ... i love texting , i find that i'm able to say stuff i wouldn't normally tell someone in person , but i also don't usually just say one word replies . laying in bed apparently not trying to get any sleep props to all of ya'll ! i'm 34 and won't have my bachelor's for another 2 years . growing up dirt poor it took me awhile to finish college , but i'm working on it ! ! welcome to the club , i joined for the exact same reason , and it has definitely helped ! welcome ! ! ! you've got quite a diverse amount of things you like . that's awesome you can play the piano , i couldn't carry a tune in a bag ! ! i have a hard time with that kind of stuff , usually i just migrate to doing something else productive and then get back on the main project i was working on . i agree with everyone else , it sounds like typical stuff , he definitely wants to talk to you , i know i personally don't just chat with people just to be nice or feel like it's an obligation , i only ... medium well for me ! grandma's boy , that movie always makes me laugh yes , i usually say i don't care when someone asks me something like that , especially when i don't want to be part of anyone else's arguments that have nothing to do with me . nobody is ordinary ! ! : rolling : welcome to the site ! they went that way , lol i don't really care how other people perceive me , i know what all i've done and who i am , so that's all that matters to me ! i wouldn't say i'm flaky , i just have about a million things to do and sometimes some of them take priority over others . i know i'm super slow time-wise with relationships , it takes me forever to build one up . same here , i just did my work , mostly was either by myself or hung out with a few close friends , but that was about it . hello everyone , i'm 34 years old , i live in the u . s . i live on my own , have a 6 year old boy , work too much , and trying to finish up college . welcome ! ! ! i just joined recently also , welcome aboard ! ! i thought about going when i went through a nasty divorce , plus we had a son . life was pretty miserable then , but instead i focused on myself and worked through everything on my own and never went ! how would you respond if someone asked , what's on your mind ? getting some unfinished projects completed i know an istp's feelings aren't outwardly expressed ( as many people have said on these ... thank you ! seems like a lot of really cool people on here ! for some reason i'm on an olly murs kick right now , so i'm listening to dance with me tonight . hello everyone ! i took a psychology class in college here recently , and i identified myself as istp . looking back , this explains so much in my life , and i'm looking forward to learning more about my ... '