' i overloaded last semester , and was drinking coke , coffee , sugars all the time to try and stay revved up ( & sometimes beers to try n rev down ) . i've cut all that , plus starches . i'd never heard that ... hi all , i don't know where to post this . guess i can ask here . i want to try kava , in an effort to improve gaba usage or those sensations . i've surfed around , but can't find a place that ... thanks stillwater takes one to know one ! i know you are , but what am i ? ? ! horses were injured in the making of this film posting and you ... | flash videos 326 ...  i think it could be more of an issue of insecurity or immaturity rather than type ? i tend to be more open . i enjoy sharing a lot through conversation , physically doing things , etc ... but i'm not ...     lmao ___  best pvp game ever . rip . they're working on an emulator ... ___ i use mediamonkey in place of itunes . keeps me from having compatibility problems . i read on here , tom's hardware forums , a long time before doing mine we definitely need a post your machine or computer space thread . 3 years old ; intel core 2 duo e6600 conroe ... i agreed to go see this last night , with expectations for a valentine's day exploitation rip off , but was actually really good . it reminded me of crash , with all the mini stories that came ... has anyone tried it ? the trailer looks too cool ! .. but the reviews are lukewarm ..  courtesy of spades lmao . omg that was way too intense for so early in the morning , lol . i think that dude has had 3 cups of coffee like me . boom , work time ! youtube - ninja cat comes closer while not moving ! i am exactly like this . i joke about short term memory loss often , but it's kind of irratating . i have an english teacher freind who laughs at it too . she says students will be sitting in her class editing it and giggling . she said , check snopes ! lol but we were probably talking about something ... i love these guys youtube - flight of the conchords ep 4 if you're into it  russian 70 ' s porn ?      hold your fire keep it burning bright hold the flame ' til the dream ignites a spirit with a vision is a dream with a mission lmao . how a bout a string of party lights ? the chinese paper machete style ? i'm not either . i wonder if the problem is the equivalant of reality tv ; just making something cheap , loud and flashy to mezmerize the masses ? definitely have to look to smaller studios . myspace player lala song player - all i want is you by delirious ?  youtube - blessed be the name by ... '