' my roommate for the last three years and best friend since 7th grade was an estj . i'm sure the good parts of your relationship include social events where he naturally takes control of a room full of ... imagine her in her underwear ( or lingerie if you prefer ) whenever you talk to her to ease your anxiety . but for real , don't let the relationships around you shape your perception of what ' normal ' ... worst . advices . everrr ! ! ! blacklion try getting hotter then ? people will laugh with you and act interested if you look good . better ? qingdom , i'm hoping this is an example of different perceptions and that you don't go around licking flowers haha ... i'm studying microbiology and think first about the different tissues and how all ... how well do you know these people ? people in general is too broad . yes ! i was just thinking the same thing . it's so natural and always looks authentic . i was also thinking how similar intps and esfjs look . it's all in the eyes though . esfjs shoot rays of sunshine ... it's one thing to accept the truth and another to seek it i'm not a big fan of goals . i can put myself to work when it is for someone else's time table , but setting my own deadlines for things i want to accomplish doesn't give me much motivation . my mindset ... i've read most of the beneficiary description before . i'll give a brief summary of it , but just to be clear , this is socionics and when they say , for example 4th function , it's different from the ... it doesn't help that the intp personality comes complete with resting bitch face for girls . i'm not mad , i'm thinking . i started building my own transcranial direct current stimulator from scratch to zap my brain with and theoretically / hopefully gain super learning powers . i couldn't figure out how to get the ... i'm not afraid of physical confrontation , but i'll do everything in my power to resolve or distance myself from the situation if it looks like it's coming to that . i've never been in a real fight that post took around 4 minutes i spend about 3x as much time as it takes to write a sentence / paragraph than it did to think and type it . school papers are so frustrating for me because i can't help but agonize over the content ... i'm not super familiar with how mbti classifies shadow functions , but you might enjoy checking out socionics , which lays out every function and it's role for types . it takes a bit to decifer and ... i like the specificity you used in your examples . when asked for advice on something that isn't all simple logic like relationships or a big choice they have to make , i hardly ever suggest they do ... this is awesome for a moment , the nf has swept me up so high that saving the universe is more possible than it already was , but mending the holes in each others fabrics of logic can be enough to ... * chime chime * i love this thread and the intp-esfj duality idea ! so ... esfjs , while you're here , and insanityaware ( this may ooor may not be of any use to you ) , i would love to know how fe reacts ... socionics relationships can be funny because i've had some esfps ( conflictor ) that click with me in a second and some esfjs ( dual ) that i can't stand being around . however , i have found that strong ... i think what you said about nts is right . at least , in my experience , the only bad sex i've ever had was with girls who weren't willing to at least share control of the situation , either because they ... people get pissed at me when i tell them i don't have a favorite color . so trivial to me . patterns have much more meaning to me than colors . interesting thread though ! finding hair that isn't mine in my food when i live alone i've had this click with a few intps before , but recently i met a girl in class i presumed to be intp , but we didn't really engage in anything that had to do with building a friendship . it was almost ... intps learn well from experience . the best way for you to learn how to deal with social interactions is to just go out put yourself in them more often . it's a scary thought but it's that simple . when ... exam in an hour . haven't studied yet . but evolution is pretty intuitive right ? ? i can't handle myself in super emotional situations with women . i've cried at every break up . it's ridiculous . i'm a sucker for shows of affection . if a girl is always hugging me i'm inclined to ... if he's an intp , he's probably into you . from the information you gave anyway , it sounds like it . i don't randomly message a girl like that unless i like her . the typical intp guy has no idea what ... public stoning at the town square tomorrow at noon . i accept my punishment . i'm not a huge fan of math , but could easily get a math or physics degree if i wanted too . it comes easy , i just don't like it . i scored 1 % thinking over feeling on the online tests , but definitely ... i was just going to say this . intps are great critical analyzers , so once you are able to understand the connections between things and build a kind of map of the subject in your head , you can do ... lizzie mcguire ? harry dunne ? - dumb and dumber mary poppins for sure only esfj main characters i can think of . i always wonder how the parts of something come together to form a whole , but i know if i take something apart i'll have to put it together again so i don't bother physically deconstructing it ... error : file : / snuggle does not exist . sleep mode initiating 1 . ) definitely a social drinker . other than that , i like beer for the taste , but usually i'd rather get high when i know i'm not going out . 2 . ) i usually regret how i act the night i get wasted ... i was excited to find the socionics sub-type theory . intp ne fits so perfectly and i imagine i would be hard to peg as an intp at first glance . i was also thinking that maybe mbti introverts don't ... i love enfjs ! so welcoming i've been trying to build a frame work in my mind for a non physical plane of energy where souls exist , inspired by astral projection stories and theories . i've had dreams where i was dead and ... most enfjs are probably too nice to use sarcasm . sarcasm is used to point out the ridiculousness of something / someone , but singling someone out like that is not your style , so it comes off assholish ... relationships and crushes can be brutal . but mbti types are just classifications of the way people perceive the world . a persons past does a lot to shape a person's personality that is not measured ... i've been chronically procrastinating ever since i moved out of my parents house . i think of it as part of my delayed reaction teenage rebellion . adderall does wonders though . for me though , ... i think it definitely depends on the type . intps generally don't argue unless they are knowledgeable on the subject and don't enjoy debates if the other person isn't digesting the argument logically ... istp is the enfj dual . typically ixxp translates to ixxj in socionics in order to keep the 1st and 2nd functions the same . here's a chart . intertype relations - wikisocion or you could ... yep . you'll have to ask her . intps don't really take control of relationships in the early stage , especially the friend / dating / gf transition zones . make your intentions clear or she won't know how ... intps are actually intjs in socionics , making esfps their conflictor . esfjs are the dual of intps . i hope this doesn't make you realize your life is a lie . so i was watching this gem last night and couldn't help typing these characters . i think this video shows an infj estp relationship , but need some ... how many people die in your dreams every night ? lol isfp lol istp esfj and intp ( intj in socionics ) are reversed in their mbti functions . a lot of esfjs are nerds under the surface and when you get to know intps , you will find they are kind of care givers as ... i'm assuming the purpose of this thread is to invoke some intp rants . '