' the op shows a writing example . according to uclassify.com which has mbti writing classifiers . the text is intj . i write a blog . most of the posts are intp . i am assuredly entp . i suspect that we ... 7w8 , 8w7 , 3w2 struggling to do something means there's a problem somewhere . either its like trying to put a square stick in a round hole , or you don't have skin in the game . find a round hole . i decided at 14 ... i went to comfortable and quiet places like the music room in the student union , the library , an empty classroom , the 1970s verion of starbucks . when i had papers to write , i bought a new pen and ... i learned long ago about many of the symtpoms you identify . i became a troubleshooter . i went to projects and organizations which were in trouble and found and helped them find ways to succeed . they ... neither brain nor ghost - w teed rockwell truth and predication - donald davidson the dictator's handbook - bruce bueno de mesquita and alistair smith my writing enjoyment began in a creative writing class in college . i have also enjoyed technical writing ; especially when the writing follows along with the solution to some problem . in such cases ... or it may be to display his amazing insights to someone in the group that he was really interested in . there is the possibility of another perspective here regarding our entp growing preference for non-fiction . anthropologist james fernandez wrote a chapter in his book , persuasions and ... currently , i have around 80 books on or within 4 feet of my desk . two are fiction . twenty years ago , it probably would have been a large fiction majority . except for engineering , chemistry . math ... i am on the other end of my life . looking back , i worked for three employers and myself for the last 16 years . the thought of settling down as described in the op still bothers me . any particular ... in finding flow : the psychology of engagement with everday life , mihaly csikszentmihalyi ( apparently pronounced chick-sent-me high ) has a chapter on the autotelic ( literally self goal ) personality . ... the instant before the first transaction gray's balance sheet horse - 60 $ and cash of 20 $ . net worth - $ 80 after the final transaction gray's balance sheet horse - 90 $ and cash 0f $ 0 . net worth ... animated inventor confidence 98 ( no ! really ? my wife thinks my confidence comes across understated ) openness 98 extroversion 96b ( this one ws a surprise . ) empathy 10 trust in others 98 ... it sure would be nice if there was a recipe . i googled the number of journal articles on leadership . between 1986 and 1996 , there were 17,200 ! does it sound like anybody has a clue about ... i've seen the palpable fear objectivists have of the subjective , or rather the ridicule and belittlement of other objectivists . i have seen the similar fear in subjectivists of the purely objective ... i think we're stuck in that never ending quandry between objectivism and subjectivism along with the notion that there is no other choice . there is no other choice - or is there ? entp - paul following christian ( non-denom is its own denom nowdays ) . raised agnostically . in the days before laser pointer , we had the telescoping variety . people would collapse and expand them nervously while giving the equivalent of a power point presentation . they would play with one ... i don't accept that intps have difficulty gaining tacit knowledge . i suspect that they / we ( i'm borderline - but i am ne-dom except when i am writing theoretical stuff - strongly intp ) have ... if you think of love as a collaborative work of art where art is merely a possession for display then i can see how you get to illusion . however , if you and the significant other are the ... hammersklavier and lemursgt , i am perceiving that intp is not only what you are but also who you are and want to be . if so , i'd say the self fulfilling prophecy is working . i hope that i'm ... lemursgt , of course , the analogy falls short . the bicycle can't refuse to be ridden , and is not self-aware . that does not mean that you are prevented from deciding that you want to master human ... hammersklavier and lemursgt , let me me switch to ti ;) . tell me how you know how to ride a bike . you just know . its called tacit knowledge . tacit knowledge comprises things you know , but ... you don't begin by writing a thread about it . : laughing : just begin . learn by doing . i knew a guy that intended to get a double major in chemical and electrical engineering in two years . he had junior stnding after one . then he discovered women . it took three more years to get a ... whoa ! surprisingly close fit right on down the line . i took keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes ne ti ni te se here . i am in the throes of writing a book , so at present ne and ti are switched . lets consider a different metaphor for argument . say : argument is a journey . it works because we say things like : - we have set out to prove ... - when we get to the next point ... - we will ... stuck there in the bible in romans 10:4 is this : christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone that believeth . go a little bit further and you'll find that the law ministers ... we use metonymy when we say and act like debate and argument is war . with the war metphor , the outcomes are win , lose or draw . i think what you see above is that many entps get into debate as a ... trait score percentile i learned long ago that the most likely debate outcome is putting a person down . the next most likely is related to : a man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still . as a result , ... 006 said : i just sound bi polar or worse seems like one of those stupid women who are intrigued by ambiguity and unstable relationships . shoot me now , please . at your age , the inferior function ... 006 , lawyers are predators . you identify with predators based upon your avatar . if that's the way you go , then you represent the legacy of the first predator who asked , hath god said ... ? your ... i wonder why a bear would want to slow himself down with chainsaw arms ? my guess is the artist has no concept of the utility of of paws and claws . if the artist is aware of that then chainsws don't ... i traded in high salary for autonomous life . during my early professional career , i maintained flexibility to do something else . sexual 62 % social 42 % coomitment phobe ? - wrong metaphor . you're in uncharted territory . just beyond the horizon in any direction you want to pick you'll find the unknown and the unknown bothers you . think of crossing ... i think in terms of a comfort-discomfort scale . the wind blowing outside my office . but woe unto you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for ye shut up the kingdom of heaven against men : for ye neither go in yourselves , neither suffer ye them that are entering to go in . - ... been there done that , and they can keep the t-shirt . i came to an understanding after viewing a long period of my life . we entps are polychronic ! ! ! go find the definition if you must , but it ... 006 , so the initial issue related to a cost / benefit analysis of a relationship has morphed into something quite different . accuracy ? obviously , i never checked out the validity . when i check personal emails , i get entp without fail . when i check my management consulting work i get intj ( weak i and j ) - the more ... gut instinct since i can remember . my first recollection of such a thing was about 10 years old . i don't believe its a judging thing at all . it has nothing to do with whether a person is good or ... 006 , all that i've seen on this thread sounds like you are an entj wannabe who is an esfj . but don't take my word for it . check out this thread ... my istj wife pushes me to make ideas reachable by anybody . then she jumps to these infernal conclusions which require clarification . she's great at it . she developed the skill while working with a ... think fractal . i'm older than all of the posters so far , and i still look at the same horizon as you all . what's beyond the horizon ? among other things , more horizon . what's over the horizon is ... '