' first listen : ' music for shut-ins ' : npr so i quit pot today by deciding not to get more because i have hardly any money left . this is probably going to end badly omg what did i do ? okay , staying calm . i can do this . for real though , ... genuine fun even with the heavy-handed christianity allegory and the mild-moderate racism . new to this , but loving it . note to self : coffee is not food . kimiko ross ( from dresden codak by aaron diaz ) 87101 she's a genius weird shy mad scientist cyborg and i think she's wonderful . i would do her laundry and cook her food while she built crazy ... okay people , here's how i want this to go down . you hug me , but i do not hug you . i want to receive hugs without giving them . dwarves don't interbreed with anyone , but the idea of the three races of hobbits mirroring the three main races is neat . i do tend toward the idea that they're one of the things talked about in the ... i've read it twice or so and if i had to sum it up , i would say this : read it , it's brilliant . there are no kin of the elves , except for elrond's family who are the only line of half-elf ... i've got a bunch of american froakie with protean hidden ability and 5 maxed i . v . s , if anyone could trade me a non-american froakie / frogadier / greninja with 3 + maxed i . v . s i would give you a 5 * or ... i'm poison type with seviper , ariados , and muk . please omg i need more pokemon in my friend safari and if you have a ditto i will love you forever . also , if anyone could tell me what my safari pokemon are that would be great ! friend code : ... hug animated gif - giphy best friend's dad died today of cancer . that funeral is going to be hell . part of me feels the urge to call him and his brothers ( two of my closest friends ) and his mom , but they know where i'm at , ... i'm doing more ( surreptitious ) whimpering and ( less surreptitious ) fits of anger and stuff lately , might have something to do with stopping medicine last week to switch over to new medicine , except i ... i get the you are a pot-smoker variant . fashion is glorified superficiality maintained by a culture of buying and throwing away cut-rate clothing that can only be sold so cheaply because it is made by slaves . style is fine . wear ... my advice is to give up romantic relationships altogether in place of a quiet life of solitude and tepid bitterness . i am having a harder and harder time not saying telling people to shutup , idiot . meaning i'm actually starting to do it sometimes , and i'm worried that i'm going to get out of control and start ... 85877 also , you can hold it and cry . not that i do that . > . > i want to poop but my sister's friends are over , and as soon as i start pooping i just know someone is gonna be like hey where's bad dog , let's go find him , oh he's pooping , and i'll be sitting on ... omfg pokemon x & y come out tomorrow and i'm getting one and a 3ds xl omg omg omg for the record , i'm a psychically androgynous male who is sexually attracted to women , but i reject traditional gender roles , meaning i in many ways relate more to what is considered feminine than ... maybe i'll become a space lawyer . don't argue the mutability of words with me , buster , i'm a words guy . words are more than the most basic literal interpretation of their component root parts . words mean what people understand them ... aenye you should have voted a solid yes . i am a staunch lgbt ally . people are who they are , and i choose to love and accept them , because i know what it feels like to be the object of hate and ignorance . they deserve everything anyone ... you deserve to call out of work , and to spend the rest of your day as enjoyably as possible . i can't speak to the pain of lady cramps , but pain is pain . rest , relax , forgive yourself . your ... men are allowed to be fathers , brothers , sons , and lovers . women are allowed to be mothers , sisters , daughters , and lovers . these are the ways you are allowed to treat people . uuuuh , being called lazy makes me all like grrr . i'm not doing nothing , i'm thinking really hard about some really important stuff , okay ? pumpkineater happy birthday birthday dance . 8496384964 8496684967 84968 atleow tel aviv street view is beautiful this time of year . i am on the reezy going to tear up this thread with dog goodness . 84960 dogs adopt so many animals i can't even ( also , i'm predicting a great ape ( hominidae ) thread . ) the 21 most touching ... i'm home . 84938 84939 84940 84941 i just smoked my ritual first cigarette of the pack outside my local gas station / truck stop . i've been frequenting it for six years and i like the familiarity . no one bothers to id me anymore , i ... meditate ( meaning sit still with your eyes closed and try not to think about anything ( which is impossible , but the point is to try ) ) for like 10 minutes , afterwards you feel mentally refreshed and ... longing is arms stretched out as far as they can go , tendons taut , fingertips brushing nothing but air . patience . premonition is a jerk to a stop , eyes wide , limbs frozen , mind whirring faster than you can follow , fear in your gut . grace . i like to play with poetry , doodles , blues lyrics , short essays , basically the sort of stuff that can be outlined in one sitting , because i don't have the greatest capacity for paying attention to ... lines of people walking , heads bowed , lockstep , staring at the ankles of the person in front of them destruction i know it's a little embarrassing , but just say you have awful diarrhea . chances are they won't ask any more questions . lol , i just really like dogs . i'm like a dog , but not actually a dog , so i don't count . 84718 hug tangent , what are the best animals to hug ? spoiler , the answer is dogs . where are you going ? what do you mean , you got lost ? you've been here a million times . how long have you been sitting here ? my guess is the intps would react to this thread by wondering how other people would react to it . and by secretly wishing they were in on the hug action . childhood is the sound of the radio playing quietly in the car as you sit in the back seat and your parents talk in hushed tones so as not to wake you , and the darkness outside the window is ... forgiveness is the feeling of a heavy blanket falling from your shoulders and the scary new coldness that follows , goosebump-raising . loneliness . not weird , i have a cast of thousands in my noggin . they're like imaginary friends , but with the faces of people you know . like in the second to last episode of the original neon genesis : ... just give me a virtual hug already , pjay . i'm new and posting because i want to feel included in something , i think . i've recently been diagnosed / become more agoraphobic , so i think this place could be a good baby-step in my ... '