' you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! official messages from omegle will not be sent with the label ' stranger : ' . strangers claiming to represent omegle are lying . you : sup stranger : ... what ? ! since when ! speak for yourself ! metanoia . ironic timing . most quiet , tame ever . good stuff . i don't think we were supposed to be debating and discussing here , but usually the criticism is that i am just basing something on an ethical code . you've caught me from behind . :P i do not think ... i've had a few similar but smaller instances . when i was learning programming basics , there were new concepts to be learned . as i went on , it started feeling threatening , like it was going to ... even to that degree ? that pretty much made my day . if metaphors were real , i'd walk over and say hey , sup . man that was cool . ... what ? : mellow : anyways , at least you're more self-aware . everyone has stuff like that ( nobody is perfect ) , but not everyone realizes or sees ... it was not specified that it can't go wrong , it said extensive testing of this procedure has proven that it is safe , there are no future repercussions for the subject , and they will generally behave ... 1 . ' safe ' genetic enhancement of your children . will you accept the treatment ? ( yes or no ) no . just because something isn't found yet doesn't mean it isn't there . new discoveries of even huge ...  i disagree with using man in this way , as if you have to be old to be good . i'm also uncomfortable with treating guys as an entirely separate species , as if it's us vs them . i am definitely guilty of this . : x wow , didn't mean to write an essay . welp . # 1 how many people from the infp forums do you - directly - ( private message , msn / skype , visitor board , etc ) interact with on a reasonably common basis ? ... i have no doubt that i want to do something more entrepreneurial . the problem is like said , the practical part . i'm too scattered , and too prone to starting a thousand projects and never getting ... i like the idea of this thread , it's too bad it doesn't get much actual use . but , it makes perfect sense . it's been a while , but i tried to be direct and honest with my post , but now i'm scared to ... i thought about using one of those delayed email pages to set it up to do exactly that and send the message in exactly 1 year with a copy / paste quote of it , but then i realized i didn't have an email ... yeah , there was no way as far as i knew in the older version of the forum to easily see thanks given and received . i was surprised when i got to actually see my ratio . i've always tried to be ... i know what direction i want to go , but i don't go . i don't know exactly what i want to do , the steps required , or how to do it , but normally that doesn't stop me . i don't usually rely on or ... to be honest , i like it . : 3 as long as there's no negativity or judging in it . glad to hear i'm not the only one on the asl thing , i try to answer it in different ways but nothing works . they just think i'm weird . more importantly : ... his quotes are awesome . i don't know a lot about him himself because i don't get into stuff , but his quotes are some of my favorites . the second here i've used as a signature before . in ... oh , i didn't know phobias counted . i don't think it's really a personality thing , but i can't stand roots . like from plants . people would always hold them up at me and i react as if they were ... 1 . not abuse it , proving not everyone is corrupted by power 2 . laugh at everyone who said otherwise although abuse is subjective , i always just want everyone to get along with no toes stepped ... especially when younger , i had a really hard time throwing anything out . i cried over losing certain things , including shoes and a coat . at a certain age , i knew the day was coming where i would be ... it's been a long time since i learned about this personality type stuff , and i've learned a lot . but even now i'm still not entirely sure on type . the questions and ideas why change , but the ... in that case , i need more enxps ... yeah , i don't understand what you're saying . come to think of it , using the angel / demon analogy , wouldn't the job take godlike powers ? there's a limit to how arrogant a person can be . why don't ... i like that . :p roud : yes , but captain hammer is a superhero , who wouldn't get beat by him ? also , his plans were pretty bulletproof , they worked out perfectly . it's just that when the time came , he actually had a heart ... in stats , i think infp is more based on wis , with int being secondary ( but still prominent ) . at least me , anyways . ( i lack practical stats ! ) ( from [ ] ) it ... i dunno , i personally thought dr . horrible was more intj on the whole . although the feeling in brand new day was something i could relate to ( shadow mode ? ) . intj has fi tertiary , y'know ... i wonder though , what are you into ? if anything ? it sounds like you might be focusing on differences rather than similarities . i've never been big on reading . other than what was required for ... just linking cause some of the descriptions randomly don't sit well with me . i don't like the test , it is very presumptuous about morality . it also seems to fall under the chaotic is evil , but we didn't say that thing . i got true neutral but i don't like it . i'd be ... you know , i haven't . that's an interesting thought ! this can be exactly a reason to do it , and at the very same time , give you something show for your time . : happy : i see it as character building . you get better at it so in the future , you can take ... it would be hard to imagine going around planting apple seeds and not having trees bearing apples grow at some point . are they all falling for it ? or do some sometimes just want to have some fun with no strings attached ? : happy : ( a girl is expected to wait to be approached , afterall ( ugh , imo ) ) in any case , i ... i've said before , be the shepherd , not the wolf . angels and demons , heroes and villains . they have a lot of similarities , maybe more with each other than with others . they also have some very ... between this and the last thread i replied on , i'm getting frustrated with definitions . is anybody really genuinely anything ? you can make a case against almost everything , possibly other than ... you make it sound like it's just a tool , or like i do it only for me . even if it does benefit me as well ( afterall , i am technically a part of everybody ) , what difference does that make ? are you ... ( cause who wouldn't want to be blue ? ) just about what i came to say , lol . what's wrong with being innocent ? something to strive for , imo . but then , i also don't consider those kinds of things to be guilty or whatever . and i ... i don't like the idea of an infp villain , but i can see at least a couple ways . 1 . ideals gone wrong . i have seen at least a couple infp here who were overzealous with their ideals and didn't put ... i think the question is , what is infp suited for ? the different letters and functions are called preferences . it could be said that in some way you developed a certain way for a reason , that ... i don't like to be too relaxed , stress free ideally but i'd like to be able to keep energetic . some stuff feels good , but just gets boring or too dead way too fast . it's rare for me to find stuff ... the absolute first step is to make sure it's properly calibrated . see things from other peoples ' perspectives . determine if there is ill-will or intent . understand the motives and logic everyone ... haha , i've soft-quit so many games right before the finish ( not trying to quit , just not loading save again and forgetting about it and not coming back ) . p3 i haven't played but have watched a ... '