' 178274 thoughts on this picture , intj folks ? ... you can sit in the forest , just staring at something for minutes , being absolutely quiet , contemplating things that hurt you . i feel like , when you're surrounded by people , it can be lonelier than when you're by yourself . like for example , if you're in a huge crowd and feel like you can't be yourself or relax . those are ... i feel like ... love is the funeral of my heart . days keep passing by and i don't really know what to look for anymore . there's always , always something missing , and i'm starting feel more and more ... you have a very nice post / thank ratio <3 sometimes i am wrong ! xp this is funny ! i understand that as an enfp you're worried and all , but everybody has defects in one way or another and what you're telling me reminds me of a intj friend of mine , when he was younger , crucially ... i feel like opening up to you for some reason , i don't know why . anyway , i dedicate this song to you and me . oh my goodness , how will i ever recover from this ? ? stop stalking me by the way . an entp analysis , look at how he uses his words in the final sentence . you know , me cheating on you . him cheating on you . not the other way around , right ? ? he's trying to lower your value ... meanwhile , in the friend-zone ... me to the right chilling with a friend in berlin . 71599 heeey i'm not mocking you , i'm trying to instigate a conversation in an entp manner ! i just saw your pictures in the infp photo thread , i think you're pretty ! i have a meeting at the psychiatric ward tomorrow .. where did all my pills go ? it's so soon and i'm nervous and excited . maybe this time i will finally get some real help and get a hold of my life ... ... here they come :) huh ? hahahah this made me laugh . so evil in a way but still so awesome . that's what anders behring breivik said . thank you for this . my intj best-friend does that all the time . that isn't necessarily true , they could've lost it in a car accident . there are two sides of a coin . i guess you can be very arrogant but people can be very ignorant aswell . anyways , don't stop doing your thing , i really like you guys ( like you care ) and i am ... when i'm with good friends at a party or whatever and i'm drunk and high on ecstasy and / or cocaine . like ? kind of like the average intj ? ? : confused : well yeah this basically . it can be from a really hard weekend , a huge conflict or whatever . it's kinda hard fo me to put words on it . i was really close to erasing the first two sentances in this ... because many introverts are laidback and often very easygoing , especially intp's . and isfp / isfj women . it's late at night and i'm listening to this . don't go there , infp ! getting absolutely slaughtered , raped and torn apart in argument by an intellectually superior being . when you seem to be suffering from some form of hypomanic super-adhd from time to time . i know , it's awesome . well , you can check the you know you're an xxx when ... threads that exists ( as far as i know ) all over these forums . give it some time and you'll start recognizing ... man , you entj's do have some serious feeling issues . it's kinda scary in a way ... and sexy . not really seeing you still spend energy on him while he isn't spending any on you . or is he ? ? there's this enfj girl from my town that is absolutely gorgeous . the enthusiasm and happiness in her eyes rape my soul every time i see her . in a good way of course . edit : in fact , i'm so into ... so said the infp . cute ! i've read some of your posts on this forum . you know you're an intp when you watch people on facebook posting pictures of their food breakfast :D :D and then don't really give a fuck , just picturing the food coming our of their anuses . this thread is great ( of course ) and important for intp's out there . i for one often struggle with confidence and / or self-esteem . many of the posts in this thread made me really , really happy . ... nevermind ! ... your soulmate is esfj . i have a really vivid imagination when i start brainstorming . when i meet with friends and perhaps we're about to record a sketch or something , i am usually the one who comes up with ideas and scenes . smoking is for submissive dummies . stop smoking my fellow intp smokers , you don't need nicotine to be your master . been listening to these two for two days now . awesome ! i'll post some of my favourites when i reach 15 posts . lord of the rings trilogy the matrix i the big lebowski just three quick ones and it's not my top 3 , but these are awesome . right now i feel abit dizzy . ... when you've been a member here for about 2 months and spent at least 3 hours each day on this forum , but haven't posted more than 7 posts , and you get frustrated when you find that you cannot ... daaamn hahahah . that happens with my girlfriend all the time . she speaks way too much when explaining something . too long didn't read . '