' i had some thoughts of erik ( better known as the phantom of the opera ) being an infp , at least in the original book ( his personality tends to change ever so slightly depending on the version ... not to ... do you ever get severely irriated with society in general ? it's like the world is just made up of corrupt ideals . the people with power are corrupt , and the people with the good ideas and motivations ... why do i always get the feeling that something is wrong when nothing is wrong ? my life doesn't have any major problems , but yet it just feels like something is missing , i'm just not sure what yet ... i can't believe i'm thinking about him again . i honestly can't believe it . crap . i thought that this stupid crush was over and done with the last time i buried it into my subconcious ... and the time ... um , this is a little late , but i'd just like to say that infp's aren't freaks ( well maybe i am , but i embrace my freakdom ) , and they can be confident and not feel sorry for themselves . sorry i just ... i'm mostly freaked out because i'm going to a new school because the district lines were changed , so the few friends that i did have are mostly not going to school with me anymore , and the ones who ... my life feels empty and i have no idea what will make it feel whole . maybe , it's summer getting to me ... i have too much free time . well , my summer is almost over and then i'll have to interact with ... i'm just really frustrated with the political structure of the country i currently reside in ( the supposedly amazing america ) . we think we're sooo much better than everyone else , that our system of ... this isn't one of my all-time favorites , but i like it nonetheless . sonnet 17 i do not love you as if you were salt-rose , or topaz , or the arrow of carnations the fire shoots off . i love you as ... i was in the mood to write something ... so i just wrote a poem on the fly . here goes nothing ( literally ) . spontaneity words drip from my fingers slipping from my thoughts randomly no theme no ... my life is so boring . that's the last thing that i want my life to be . i want to do something important and special , but instead i just sit here thinking and not actually doing anything . going ... yeah i'm posting twice in a row ... that's a little annoying , but whatever . ok , so i really don't know what i came here expecting to write about . i'm just frustrated with myself for imagining ... ok , it's a little late to quote this , but i just wanted to say that your story just resonated really deeply in me . it's what i wish the guy that i liked for a ridiculously long amount of time ( much ... if you want to feel really normal or at least surrounded by wierdos like you check out the you know you're an infp when ... thread . it's incredibly strange finding so many people who have the same ... i just watched north and south for the first time ( the bbc drama one , not the civil war one ) and feel head over heels in love with mr . john thornton . i've been being a major fangirl for the last day ... in my head : mellow : , which is somewhere on the east coast of the united states . that was really specific wasn't it ? welcome to the forum where infp's are practically in the majority ... which is wierd since you barely meet them in real life . : laughing : i laugh on the inside usually for fear of offending people ... unless it's something really ironic or clever then i burst out laughing and freak the people out around me . :p roud : i hate stereotypes in general since they automatically assume that everyone under that category will be exactly the same . wow that was a great answer ... not ... specifically though , i don't like ... well i'm amazing at coming up with names for myself and had just figured out that i was an infp when i made it up ... pretty self-explanatory from there . i'm too lazy to come up with a good name on the ... you sound funny to me . welcome to the forum . : happy : ok i don't really have a solutions to your problem ... but i wanted to say that if that's your painting in the thumbnail then you're a fantastic painter . :) back on topic , i deal with kind of the ... welcome to the forum . i've found so many other infps to relate to here , hope you can too . : happy : i hate texting about pointless things , like small talk , but if the conversation is interesting i actually don't mind it . if it's a conversation like : hi . how are you ? good . you ? good . the ... sorry i chose the same poet again ... but i just love lewis carroll . ( they're even ones from his books ... this is the prologue of alice's adventures in wonderland and then the other i posted is the ... well first of all i'm an infp , so i'm coming more from your point of view about the whole thing . i prefer sticking to what's already worked for me in the past . anyway , it sounds like this person ... if exaggeration is included in lying than i probably do that a lot . in which case , the three in ten minute thing sounds pretty plausible . and by exaggerate , i mean obvious exaggerations like this ... what if we're not average individuals ? : wink : but , seriously three times per every ten minute conversation seems a little much don't you think ? i'm an infp , but to me you don't sound like an f at all from your descriptions , if that helps any . based on just what you wrote , you're a definite t . i expect way more of myself than i do other people . applying that to this question , i'd have to say that i disagree . i just tend to expect less of people . i try not to lie , even to the point of ... i love the feeling i get when ... i'm staring up at the sky on a day when there are lots of fluffy clouds . i can see the full moon . the sky looks perfect in general , like a sunset , brillant ... this is an awesome thread . : happy : i'll definitely be posting more later . life is but a dream by : lewis carroll a boat , beneath a sunny sky lingering onward dreamily in an evening of ... i mostly draw and write , though i'm not that great at either one . : tongue : i listen to music all the time and love singing ( which i'm even worse at ) . i love to sketch and write poems , stories , ... she's just too out there to be an infp . she's too flamboyant and open . i don't know an infp who would be able to do that under any circumstances . that's just what i think though . tony stark ( robert downey jr . in iron man ) - i hate him and love him at the same time . he can be so sweet yet so obnoixous . something about that makes me have a crush on him . plus he's robert downey ... i am angry at myself for being so inadvertently self-centered ( well it's more self-centered in a backwards sense . i can't really explain it , but it just feels self-centered ) . i just seem to think ... does anyone know what type justin bartha is ? ( he plays riley in national treasure and ace in failure to launch , if you don't know who he is ) if you don't know what type he is do you have any thoughts ... i saw your username and had to click on the thread . : happy : welcome to the forum . i said no , but then again i'll never really be good enough for myself as strange as that sounds ... i'll always feel like i need to be better . i'm working on it . plus , i have to learn to deal with my ... mostly love ... : blushed : but i do love a song with some philosophical meaning behind it . i like hopeful songs or songs that are just pure nonsense . hey welcome to the cafe fellow infp ! your intro is nice . : happy : you don't seem stupid at all . nt's are great ! they are all so funny ! they're just really clever and hilarious . i got an 84 ... wow it seems that i'm probably adhd to some degree which doesn't really suprise me at all . : tongue : but then again i also tend to exaggerate ... so the actual number is probably lower . meeting new people : 7-9 ( it depends on the vibe i get , who i'm with when i'm meeting new people , and where i am ) with people you know but not well : 5-8 ( also depends on all of the above , though ... my parents loved star wars when it first came out , so i suppose i get my love of it from them . i had lightsaber battles with my brother and sister when i was little and i was padme one year for ... i guess most of it is ... but other infp's seem like they're nice all of the time whereas i tend to be a total jerk for some reason . i always act really mean and then feel terrible later because i ... if i listed all of my faults then this list would be very long ... i am so self-loathing at times . i can be really obnoixous and mean . i don't think before i talk unless i'm thinking too much in which ... i'm not the best poet ... but here's one that is alright that i wrote when it was much to late at night for me to be awake in the first place . : tongue : this one isn't actually that bad ... especially ... i'm awful at typing people ... so i honestly have no idea . sorry . : blushed : by you do you mean me ? i don't have apserger's . i'm sorry if it came off that way . i just felt bad because it seemed that you were getting stressed out about whether or not you had it . i just ... '