'  didn't expect it either to be honest , hey :) pangea which one of the 2 is it here : poor sense of humor or discriminatory comment against ethnicities ? in a sensitive version of you and whose army pose , the infp way ;p 547586  feeling so thankful have to present something like a profile about myself ( who am i , strengths-weaknesses , why i chose this , existential stance , blah ) to my instructors and co-trainees in about 48 hrs . and in what ... fluffy cthulhus ? :P glad to hear that ! a lucky guess from your previous music posting history :P happy bday ! all the best :D ixfp ikr xd who said idealists can't be realistic as well :P   doc dangerstein i can't speak for everyone regarding this matter but to clarify this a bit : when i acknowledge i'm triggered by x i don't mean that if x happens i go berserk ( let alone feel ... doc dangerstein sometimes i do find people offensive indeed . especially when they imply a bunch of people they know nothing about are passive aggressive , spineless cowards . i don't wonder why ... you need to understand that ... , anything bossy , although it's mostly the tone of voice i'm sensitive at . generalizing , being included in a we before i feel any sort of we is actually formed ... the thread's title brings to mind this movie / scene / song , which yeah i do find both sad and beautiful : i don't easily cry when watching films , but ... every . lovely thread :D * takes out the delicate porcelain tea cups - serves the goods :  steam . in order to be whole , one needs to have (= be aware of ) both sides . i don't see how infps could be an exception to that . you can meet / empathize with people both on their lighter and darker shades , ... turbo . intp * peeks * close xd someone's love can give support , perhaps motivation and strength to a loved one so that he / she seeks proper treatment for depression . i don't believe our love can cure others and trying to do so ... raids . hey and welcome , i'm sorry for what you went through , it does sound tough . i can relate to feeling lost after the end of an important relationship . i've also had difficulties dealing with conflict ... traps .  i wouldn't describe myself as violent , i tend to respect other people's boundaries and try make sure mine are respected as well . closest thing to being violent would be in terms of self-defense , and ... meant . when that fi explosion has been delayed a little too long . :P personally , i wouldn't mind a brief happy-bday text . something to indicate that my ex's motive behind this action is to wish me well and what's done is done . i wouldn't appreciate an invitation to ... there's something about the contact with the water i find really soothing too when feeling down . the meaning i give to this is that water , as an element , embraces the body , gets shaped by it , ...  charm . drama . tapes . lol let's see .. i sometimes talk to myself , saying out loud what i'm thinking ( then i go oops , did anyone hear this ? and end up in who cares :P ) . when i'm very comfortable / intimate with another ... poets . racism , nazism , intolerance . the projection of negative / unwanted traits to anyone / anything that's different or unknown . the lack of personal awareness , self-acceptance and self-love . '