' hitler was not totally wrong what i say , hitler is an entj or an estj ? i dream of having more money of power and charisma than any unfair moderators who does not punish others who have changed subject and who does not do work properly , i imagine that it must be in the ... wonder woman erick cartman magneto sauron imperator furiosa thanos darkseid voldemort lex luthor palpatin i am an angel with the people i love girlfriend , friend and family , i am a knight , capable of everything , laughing , helping and understanding mature but with people i do not know , i can become their ... i'm the perfection but no sense of humour this makes me laugh very strongly  ... i was talking about stupid intjs who always think they are right . but you are entj it is obvious because you express your feelings and your opinion without understanding that of others . i am a ... i'm the death , i'm the entrop ... look the baby 680954 okay i want to help you try to teach him 2 languages , it increases the iq and the gray matter , then avoids the estrogen ... i like to debate and to be right . be right with logic but be wrong too . you have to be persuasive to build with others and make the world better because i know i am a good person . to build ... there are two translations for boner in france dick or fail . boner ? it = intj timid = timid ˈtɪmɪd / valider adjective showing a lack of courage or confidence ; easily frightened . i was too timid to ask for what i wanted sorry in my perception of life , ... i have 130 of iq but your humor makes me want to vomit your remarks and your false judgment at the 3rd level with a cynical humor only makes sociopaths in business laugh . even if i do not ... not understood , it was humor ? oops  physics and psychology i want to try to go out with an intj or entj just to see how it goes . how to charming an intj ? are intj girls more timid ? how does one recognize it in everyday life ? good luck to answer my questions and give me a good answer . prove your intelligence to ... welcome welcome hello , it's hot in france or when i talk to you , i want to open a discussion about a fun topic . you will choose 3 very different musics to represent ... welcome here's why i do not go out with some girls you will laugh if a man comes and luck this music for you , you will fall in love i was right ? ahahah . weak ! this is metal oh . my . god . i will help you , follow the steps , and this will cure your depression take melatonin before sleeping and sleep 8 hours take a psychologist for you understand depression , ... welcome welcome do you have a synonym for to lift yourself up ? because i'm french i did not understand good , good really good . now see my song so fucking real take only 3 music you think it represents you ! no more . okay ? let's go ! 678618 you are a good dog of society : laughing : and entj , that means nothing at the drag or beauty level , it's just that women love arrogant and alpha men , if you're rich and you know how to talk like an entj you win . xd where the entj is sexy ? ok we attract girls sometimes when other buffoons galley but if you're big like me before you will not get any more , if you're thin you'll be full and if you're muscle ... kittens are cute , but stop welcome to my kingdom welcome welcome welcome   ... interesting , but i think you still do not understand . i'm not talking about churches , i'm not talking about helping people i'm talking about the difference between friend and friend . it's ... my vision is different that you're , you misunderstood me , friends is not an concept , its an relation . buddy / / friends you can have millions buddy but no more 10 friends . i'm not talking ... for me porn is the new addiction of capitalism after sugar . now ! dance ! you are funny , really funny . my only interactions are with strangers on the internet extraverted only web but not irl ? staying 96 hours at home is lame , i go to the gym but i have friends , and real friends are ... bad ? good ? let's go ! ! ! : because entj 3w4 are sociopath and wait the good time to kill like a raptor you're right ! '