' it really depends . for the most part , i am uncomfortable with sharing emotions ( to the point many others often comment that my face is unreadable ) , but i do think that is essential to communicate ... at this point in time ? i most definitely don't want to have children , and i look on at children in disdain ( screaming fits and grubby fingers are not stuff i'd enjoy ) . however , i'm not crossing it ... haha , it's great that there is a couple of people willing to listen to you ! the only people i've only gone in deep mbti conversations with are enfp , istj , and another intj . others i've met don't care ... nowadays , my dislike of people has been rising exponentially as social conflicts pile up over the years . my istj mother and i have been getting into a lot more fights ( she seems to only care for ... i definitely do that all the time ! i retype my friends all the time ( i . e my isfj friend got isfp at first before finally agreeing with me that she's an isfj , and i'm convinced my ' esfp ' friend is ... * type 1 * action potential : 1w9 - 4w5 - 6w5 sp / so daewang : 1w2 - 6w5 - 3w4 femalegamer : 1-5- 4 iceblock : 1w9 inheritance : 1w9 jbking : 1w2 - 3w2 - 5w6 sp / so mindbomb : 1w9 -5-3 sx / so mocho : 1w9 numinosity : ... logic dictates that a hoomooman is half shit . put in that way , yes ... i'd say it more implies that you need to make some changes to existing facts ( i . e flat earth fact was discarded for the spherical earth ) when you've gained all the evidence from several experiments ... 18-22 range ? xd i should , but flawed logic is fun to mess around with when i'm bored and lazy . both infps i have met in person both hated me for my less-than emotionally expressive personality and bluntness while they both have verbally attacked me ( insults veiled as jokes , backstabbing ) and ... anime fan , impeccable logic - must be intp or entp . intriguing notion , though i would disagree . at least a few of my friends , including myself , do things for others without any expectations for fame or gratitude . in my case , it has gotten to the point ... your logic is sound . i agree . :) yes , but only when my ni trusts them enough and my te sees no harm in the long run . soft and friendly but bites your hand off and somehow makes you feel a little bad when you accidentally say something wrong . i have not collected enough information to fully analyze each type my own way , so i will list my observations of my experience with infp and isfp . to clarify , i will define manipulation as the usage ... intj i love psychological warfare / crime or comedy anime , like death note , noragami , and hataraku maou-sama ! another genre i like but am secretive about : shounen-ai . ( almost ) every friendship i've had with an xxfp , particularly xnfps , have ended in flames , usually because our values are too different for us to stand each other . they antagonize me and i antagonize ... considering that narcissism , sociopathy , psychopathy , and other disorders is not bound by meyers-briggs , i would like to hear your opinions on how exactly each type would look like as a ... here's another character who i'm uncertain what his type is : shige nagastuko 1 . shige grew up in a powerful triad family and has a generally cool and stoic persona as result from his history with ... oops , i glanced to the left to see that you're an infp . xd i'll still type you regardless of bias . uneven baseline , fluctuating slant ( left tendencies ) , connected cursive ( more on the delicate ... i find it very funny that your macbeth's type is the complete opposite of mine ( infj ) . xd i see your logic , and i would agree with you if i didn't think macbeth is very unhealthy . this is very true for myself and other nts i know in real life . for me , my mindset is that everyone should probably know that everyone is human , and humans are a very diverse race in culture , values , ... i had a much similar experience ( s ) , but more often with infps and enfps . it's a very harsh burn , i agree . - . - this is so true . i just wish i had picked up on that earlier than just last year when my istj mom nailed that into my head . i would've been less of an ass and not committed social suicide back in ... i can't say i've ever been in a similar situation as you , but i'll do my best . this is my 4 - step plan for dealing with other types in general , including isfjs : 1 . let them know you are there ... i'll definitely roll an agent then , once i get a new computer with better specs . thanks for the suggestion ! i'll have to look through my mom's bookshelves for that handwriting analysis book i read . xd that's really the only source i've read . can i get back to you later , like tomorrow ? it'll take awhile for ... hehe , your welcome ! i just happen to have a mom who's an expert at psychology and handwriting analysis . i also read a handwriting analysis book from her library a while back . i'm by no means an ... my handwriting ( at current age of 16 ): pencil , 0.5 lead , unlined paper - 521585 5215 93 pencil , 0.5 lead , lined paper - 521601 pen , lined paper - before i begin typing , i'll note everything i notice about your handwriting sample : uneven ( wavy ) baseline , neutral slope , slightly large letters , house-shaped dotted i , sharper letters . wavy ... hm ... hector sounds extroverted ( ? ) , more feeling , and more of a judger . the functions i believe he uses : fe , se , possibly te . i can't figure out ni or ne ! enfj ? esfj ? what about the bounty hunter storyline did you find more appealing than the other storylines ? huh , i never considered estp as an option . how did you come to the conclusion that she leads more with se ? i haven't actually finished my playthrough of my sith assassin because my computer broke and i've been using a laptop that's incompatible with all games . but what i have done was get too impatient ... intj sounds like a likely possibility . infj could be another , but much less likely . here's a character ( she's my little cuddly sith assassin on swtor , who stars in my ongoing , unposted story ): ... now that would be interesting to see ! i think that things would be less messy had macbeth been an xstj . i probably should add merchant of venice to my to-read list ... xd sorry ! i'm quite honestly not sure if i should be offended or laugh . i'll just settle for this poker face : - _ - i have to agree with you here . i don't know about other xntjs , but my personal belief is that it's pretty stupid to kill yourself ( ' you ' is in general ' you all ' ) unless a ) you'll soon die a very ... this is an interesting topic to expand on . i'm surprised no one else has said anything ! macbeth : probably an nf type , based on his interactions with lady macbeth and his brief hesitance in killing ... every type can lead with enough experience . but otherwise , the types i've seen to take more leading roles are istj , estj , entj , and intj . gender : undetermined age : 17-27 intelligence : above-average idea adoption : conservative mbti personality profile : istp closest alternative we found : isfp how is this possible ? my original ... i'd say xnfp , or an xnfj who's really lazy ( they're out there ) . 1 . i'm a huge nerd , be it sci fi ( star wars , star trek , etc ) or fantasy ( harry potter , dragon age , etc ) 2 . i have the habit of ... gender : female age : 21-31 intelligence : gifted openness : early-adopter mbti personality profile : intp closest alternative : intj this is certainly interesting ! just a few years off . haha , it's true ! most intjs i know , myself included , are very compassionate and caring beyond the usual ( unintentional ) cold exterior . i've actually been described be stranger level - cold , ... i agree with dream walker here . clubs are the best way to go in order to find friends with similar interests and / or values . in clubs , there's a broader range of people than in your classes . so , if ... i'm still a teenager , but i've definitely gone through so much development since middle school up to now . in middle school , i was that weird emo girl who was so antisocial that i was only in a small ... '