' i'm usually a pretty lazy person , so i usually eat things that i can heat up in 5-10 minutes , or sometimes i just don't eat at all because i can't be bothered to figure out what to eat and then ... i'll be spending it with my parents and four siblings . i'll be happy to spend the break with them , although i do wish the break were shorter--being at home makes me anxious after about a week or so . i look for at least one of several criteria : - interesting musical qualities - - harmony , melody , timbre , rhythm , etc . ( i'm a musician myself ) - melody or lyrics that appeal to me emotionally . music ... i have a friend that i work with pretty frequently who is enfp . i like her quite well for the most part , although she's not the kind of person i could see myself developing a deeper kind of ... i generally prefer a neutral emotional state - - this is why i tend to come across as unemotional and even callous . but there are times when i experience emotions of such depth and intensity that it ... this . please note : semicolons are only used to set off independent clauses . : wink : oh , i see how it is . :d ry : just kidding ! lol - - it's still a good question , as far as it goes for us cold , socially inept intjs . only one person has ever been romantically attracted to me ( to ... kvothe kingkiller from the name of the wind ( a new-ish fantasy novel by patrick rothfuss that is ridiculously awesome ) . we share a lot of similarities , and i'm fairly sure he's an intj . he's ... i relate to people so rarely that i don't think i can really choose one or the other . i generally have difficulty relating to most people . in fact , i can count on one hand the number of people that ... i agree - - function theory seems to me to be a much more effective system than mbti per se . i see mbti tests as a springboard , a starting point . it's best if you do more research into the system , how ... the other night , i dreamed i was home from school , living with my parents , with no job and nothing to do . that was a nightmare . also ( probably since so many of the people i grew up with are in ... i've always felt different from other people . i was extremely awkward as a child . as a teenager , i was able to manage , and i had a handful of good friends that i felt like i could be myself ... i tend to be pretty clumsy when expressing appreciation , as well . sometimes i'm overly formal , and the other person seems to feel like i'm only doing what i'm obligated to . other times i worry that i ... are you stricken with such an obsession that i am plagued with ? how do you interact with those who show my traits ? how do you balance interests ? yes , i tend to obsess over things . i'll spend ... dagny taggart ( ayn rand , atlas shrugged ) kvothe ( patrick rothfuss , the name of the wind ) mr . darcy ( pride & prejudice ) gandalf possibly dumbledore - - not sure if he's intj or infj i never did understand why the us is so backwards as to insist on retaining the english measurement system . all it does is make it so that we have to do cumbersome conversions between us and metric , ... i can be sensitive sometimes . i appreciate constructive criticism , and i can take a well-grounded counterargument just fine . but i find personal attacks very hurtful or frustrating at times , ... this kind of attitude is precisely why i most likely won't change my name in the event of marriage . the expectation for a woman to change her name to her husband's is a vestige of an era in which a ... nope . i don't own a single pair . : unsure : eta : my screenname was actually a derogatory term for an intellectual female inthe 18th century . it has nothing to do with my sense of style , lol . i'm usually at home , on my computer or reading . i frequently go for long walks at dusk . i can often be found in a practice room or at the library . sometimes , when i have a need for solitude and can't ... when i decline an invitation to a large social gathering and the inviter asks , why ? ? ? and puts on a sad pouty face like i'm some sad , forlorn being . : angry : i wear a lot of black . what isn't black is mostly brown or white . when i wear colors , they tend to be darker - - reds , purples , etc . i try to keep it classy , but comfortable and understated . when i am ... my beliefs are constantly evolving and morphing . i clicked atheist , because it seemed to fit best , but in retrospect i should have chosen agnostic or other . if i had to pick a label , i'd say ... i don't know what your situation is like , and i would never presume to pretend that i know what is best for you or how to solve your problems . that said , if you're anything like me , then i would try ... my mom is infj , and this describes her really well . it irritates me to no end . mind you , she knows me quite well ( being my mother and all ) , but it still pisses me off ! lol in many things , my mom ... spring : spring is my least favorite season . in march and april i tend to be quite pensive and moody . i can force myself to be productive school-wise , but i'm not driven like i am in the fall . by ... my enfj roommate makes me laugh all the time . she gets ridiculously excited and hyper over pretty much anything , but especially things related to romance . i don't really date guys very much , and the ... i don't care much about celebrities . if i really , really like someone's work , i might google them and read their wikipedia page . i'm much more interested in historical figures , great writers and ... same here . high five ! ! ! : laughing : world civilization since 1500 ( major ) writing and research in history ( major ) science of light and sound ( generals ) piano ensemble ( minor ) library research ( elective / required to work in the ... do you get good grades ? yes ; i'm like hermione granger in that respect . i got my final grades back a couple weeks ago , and got five as , an a - , and a b . i was sad . but then , the b was in a stupid ... yes , whenever my feelings get too strong , i try to get rid of them . when i'm feeling negative emotions , i always analyze them and ask , why am i feeling sad / depressed / angry / stressed / etc . ? oh , it's ... are you different from typical intjs ? ( by typical i mean scientific ) i've never really gotten deeply into science , mostly because all the little details and intricate processes annoy me . i'm ... nope , none here . i've been called a nerd quite frequently . i also take it as a compliment . it's not an insult ; it's a statement of fact . i am a nerd . i wouldn't say i'm rebellious as much as i'm independent . i see other people's opinions ( including those of authority ) as simply irrelevant . when my ability to think and act as i see fit is impinged ... personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? - any nicknames ? bluestocking or bluestocking girl - - i prefer to keep my rl name private * male / female / trans ? f location - where ... i've never taken an official iq test , so i have no idea where mine is . i've had other people tell me things like you must have a high iq , but that's not a great indicator , is it ? : tongue : when ... like someone else mentioned , everybody has elements of all personality types in them , and we act differently depending on the situation . i've gotten pretty good at pretending to be an extrovert when ... i cry occasionally , but only in private . i have cried in front of others a few times - - all family members - - and i hated it . i hate feeling out of control of myself ( which crying is ) . and it seldom ... i'm majoring in history because i'm headed for law school : laughing : how's that for active ? lol so i was wondering what types of things other intjs major / minor in . for me , i'm currently a history major with a minor in music , and i'm loving it - - i have plans to go to law school , but i've been ... - someone open and that shows their love by their actions - - doing things for me or spending time with me . not overly sentimental or touchy-feely , because that makes me uncomfortable . i like to be able ... i thought of another one : when entering a new group of people , you calculate how you are going to behave based on how you want to be perceived . you know you are an intj when . . . you are told that you take things too literally people get annoyed with you on facebook chat when your response is longer than two lines you dislike group ... i feel the same way ! i quickly get bored with small talk and gossip . i don't care who so-and-so's new boyfriend is . i like girls fine , but i don't really connect with most girls very well . i tend ... '