' what songs pump you up and really get your imagination going ? here's one of mine ! : laughing : i feel this more and more everyday . yeah , its been a pain for me too . i've gone home and it hasn't really felt like home . but then i miss this place , and i come back , and it doesn't feel like home either . it's really stupid . i don't ... i know the feeling . it's suffocating ... i crave the stability , but sometimes i wish i could just leave . especially on the days it stops feeling like home . true that . to quote a very wise alien , were it so easy . i wish i could thank this a thousand times over . i'm just so tired . this has been bothering me for so long , i'm depressed because of it . at first , i was lost because i didn't know what i was . now ... i wish , just for once , i could be understood . i wish for once i wouldn't be looked at as irrational , emotional , or foolish . i wish i could be seen as a person that does have a plan . that is an adult ... f * cking high altitude - low opening jump . i want to leap from the back of a plane and soar over the landscape . the thought of hurling myself out of an airplane with nothing but a jumpsuit and a ... to be honest i used to be a lot more socially awkward when i was younger . eventually i learned that there are only two things that can come from asking a person out , or being asked out . 1 . it ... rapunzel i would give up an arm for a chance , she's a goddess . she looks f * cking amazing . pic related . 14875 * bro hug * king of dreams , you are my king . no homo . i like to think that if a person hates me , they should go ahead and say it . why bother tolerating my existence if they hate me ? i don't think i have a single person in my life that hates me ... i like where this thread is going . how many nickels do i owe you ? hundreds of people will be seeing these in my new book , the color of awesomeness : best said things by best made people . i'm glad you pointed this out . you also have to remember that this may be a personal thing , and not related to mbti at all . as far as i can gather with an associate of mine , who taught me about the ... this thread reflects my love for estps and everything that makes them great . keep on shaking the world , estps ! i'd like to thank god , for making me this awesome . - estp upon winning a sporting ... you win the game forever . enfps don't forget . there are times when things just don't work for us , but even then , we continue to think about the possibilities of what could be . although it would depend on your enfp , getting ... my soul is inside a locked room . it is has four walls , three of them with glass stained windows . in the center , is a tree and a raven . the gnarled tree changes the color of its leaves depending on my ... i realize this was popular years ago , but this song is either enfp or esfp . i used to play the ds starfox game to this . :P i can relate to this . basically it's my imagination weighing the what ifs to such an intense degree that i begin to walk down the potential outcomes for much too long . but really , to think of the ... i've eaten the last packet of pop tarts in my household and feigned ignorance when people asked about it . i used to date an intj and although i was the first to approach her , we did flirt before we actually started dating . what made me feel special was that she took an interest to the things i felt were ... the sad part of this is , i've been left twice . the first left me for someone else ... but not after cheating on me first with someone who wasn't the person she left me for . i'm all about loyalty and ... you're everything i want in a man , so i'm going to sleep with this other one because i respect our friendship too much to destroy it . you have no idea how much i have had this paraphrased to me ... the best thing you could ever do is tell a girl how you feel straight up . my rule is this : tell a girl how you feel about her within a month of meeting her . anything past that , and you are losing ... rise against crush 40 metallica anything composed by yoko shimomura various j-rock bands : ( asian kung fu generation , the pillows , etc ) agreed . we see the best in people . maybe that's why it hurts when it doesn't work out , because we are so in love with the concept of the endless possibilities . your description is accurate . cloudchasing is most common amongst close friends . the difference between crushing and cloudchasing comes from crushing being a state of emotional obsession ... as i said before , it isn't crushing . there's a difference there that i can't quite explain . cloudchasing is loving the feeling you get while you're in love , and pursuing that person because you enjoy ... not necessarily . i've made 3 of the best friends i've ever had with cloudchasing . i've dated two of them . there's a difference between having a crush and cloudchasing , and it's confusing for me to ... peppermint patty is a estp , i think . marcy is an istj , if i remember correctly . sally is an esfp . i made it up . i feel like i can fly when i'm in that state . and it's chasing after an unreachable ( metaphorically ) thing , so i thought the name was fitting . my username is a reference to the way i conduct myself with relationships . i've seen a few other fellow enfps follow this same state of being sometimes and i have a theory that it's an enfp thing ... being the inspirer type , i find myself asking whether or not everyone of my type can feel inspired by the same things as i do . i'm a writer and somewhat of an artist , and i want to know , what really ... brittney i think what would bother him more than lying is the fact that you felt the need to lie . lying implies a sense of mistrust , or that you don't think he's mature enough to handle it . my ... xd it's like you're playing back 20 % of our conversations . lois is a definite enfj i think . i might do some of the minor characters later . adam west , herbert , carter , those people . : 3 you've used this on me on more than one occasion . i've actually written a few villains as enfps . ( i write a comic and toy around with these ideas ) . it works well if you are making a quirky villain . one villain i think that can be seen as an enfp ... one of the things i can see happening with this is the fact that we are rare and few . many enfps don't feel like they belong because they are unique thinkers . we are surrounded by sjs and sps , who ... i especially love the hamlet analysis . it's my favorite play . also , while i'm reading more plays i'll add my own speculations here . vash the stampede sonic the hedgehog phoenix wright sora ( in kh2 , personally i think he is an esfp in the first game ) jaden yuki i identify with their free spirit , and their ability to find ... enfp here . a ) things happen to me . farking this . i really do think that things happen to me , good or bad . if it's good , i think it's karma just rolling around on me . if it's bad , i believe it's ... you're thinking way too much about it . relax , it's not that big of a deal . interesting post . i think i had some of the unstable extrovert traits :( i usually hang out in the campus cafe , my place ... that's about it unless i'm on an adventure . duly noted . one thing i'm thankful for right now is that my friend taught me about the mbti in the first place . since then i think i've come to grow as a person , learning what parts of me are me and ... :) this is a really good point . i think i understand . i'm really glad i came here to ask this . '