' its hard to say . many people definitely know about me and the split is about 50/50 . the ones that do know me , and have talked to me irl are my friends / do not dislike me . the people who have heard ... just doing my part in showing other types that not all intj's are balding numales who read reddit and watch anime . a movie does not real with cartoony looking characters that are designed to attract the attention of kids with their bright colours and hyperbolic features . video games are a totally different story ... i do not watch anime because i am 22 years of age and not a total manchild . i am guessing you have never traded btc for other alt coins ? yes , its mooning very hard right now . it is 50 usd as we speak so you would , in fact , be making 10 $ for every coin . i try to plan long term and make some money from btc myself . im glad you are doing amazing , and yes , your friends are correct , its insane what is happening with neo right now . the coin went up by like 300 % in the past 2 weeks and they , overall , seem like a ... you could have had a / comfy / life in your new apartment for that amount of bitcoin right now . anybody here trading ? how much did you invest ? what did you invest in ? what your roi so far ? it only happens on this board , i dont think its a problem with my mac . i am using a 2015 macbook pro . bump . does anyone have a remedy / faced a similar issue in the past ? there is a very annoying bug that prevents me from coming to this forum more often . every time i want to backspace ( delete on mac ) a word , the little cursor jumps in front of the word i want to ... i dont really care how a woman decides to approach me . it could be at a party , via facebook , instagram etc . i dont assume things right off the bar , despite knowing that many people here in the west ... an intj is not usually caring about being appreciated . usually their mother or father . i remember that the number of people voting in favor of the mona lisa rose drastically after i made my point in that thread . its interesting to see the results change so much . this is an intj forum , not an istj forum . please consider this situation to be a hypothetical - - this is a thought experiment . ideally yes , but that would take some next level planning to make sure that there is no plebs in the company you are working for . for all people are capable of working under a system like that - most ... > yeah , sacrificing other people's lives for the greater good is tyranny on every level . perhaps , your life is not as important as you think , most people are meaningless , they in cogs in the ... you are saving a vital piece of culture from a very specific time period , and most likely a useless child who will most likely live a hedonistic lifestyle and not leave anything behind . on top of ... i perhaps forgot to mention that nobody knows which one you've saved . there is no heroic component to this answer . is that a reason for or against ? which one of the two , would you save and why ? i made the same thread around 2 years ago and the results were quite interesting ; i wonder if the results are going to be different this time around ... philosophy and jewish studies , ( aka history ) - intj > meet someone you like , and therefore an intj > chat to him for a while over hangouts > hes kinda cute , but god knows , maybe i could do better . > intj loses interest > how do i get him back ? ... cheating is quite degenerate , i dont think i would be willing to cheat , its a waste of time grounded in hedonism ( something i have a particular problem with ) . i would never cheat so i dont have to ... i've managed to answer this question myself in the past 3 years heh . i think that the 50/50 approach is a lie , and in fact , both serve a role . the darwinian report words have meaning which is objective , and not subjective - words dont mean anything to you , they mean something universally . being above average means that you are above average of the total ... looks like a very devout bernie sanders supporter . oh yes , here we go , this meme again . muslim intjs are the biggest joke there ever was in the mbti community btw . no , i would recommend you read up on why some women might prefer and fantasize this type of behavior.degeneracy . top tier basement dwellers . these are so corny lmao . reminds me of the overweight feminists vouching for body positivity being one doughnut away from a heartattack . maybe you're a masochist . studies in pessimism by schopenhauer , the quran , and bits and pieces of works by julius evola . is an islam-tier meme , op . the intj enfp pairing has been around for ages , but personally , i have found more intjs sharing my opinion that enfps are just airheaded and annoying in general . 1 . i wish i could be more of a do'er and not a thinker . 2 . i wish my body fat percentage was lower - - i would like to be leaner , and around 9 % body fat . 3 . i wish i could focus more on a given ... boutta fill up your whole screen because thats how important i am , goyim . i think everyone can hold thought together , and formulate some arguments . before people studied the art of argumentation , some arguments were still made . the people who say well , i said so , often ... being above average is not really something one should worry about , given how stupid and ignorant an average person is . being above average should be the norm for every person on this board . ... yes , thats exactly what we did by abolishing socialism . you mean all the people except for the ones in the breadlines ? also , which socialism are you referring to ? the evil , anti-natural one , or the prosperous , glorious one ? : ^ ) fully in favor of selective breeding / eugenics / genetic selection . i am for a monarchy with nationalist and socialist undertones . this is the intj forum , they will tell you that they never fell in love in order to prove their intj'ness . 19 for me . '