it's not like i panic if i have a crush on someone ... i just have a minor heart attack : unsure : it's not something people would expect of me because i look cool , confident and powerful , and i'm ... at first glance , people usually think i'm really dumb because of my looks / image ... i got stereotyped against a bunch at my hipster-ish uni because of this . it's nothing i really mind though , and ... wait , who's the enfj here , the old pal ? in any case , i don't see much of a problem here ... just enjoy the clicking and see where it takes you , you'll know when and if the time is right to leave your ... gee , you do seem to have it tough , i pity you :D in all seriousness , mate , at least telling someone that you're only interested in fucking should be an easy thing in the 21st century . just make ... i am able to provide : - an optimistic attitude that lightens the mood - wacky jokes and wisecracks to put a positive spin on any situation - a thorough and detailed analysis of any situation ... beards are nice but long hair is what really gets me going ! in any case , hair is cool :) you scored 83.333 out of 100 masculine points , 56.667 out of 100 feminine points , and 63.158 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . enfj female my sister is 11 years younger but she's an enfj 7w8 just like me ... whenever i send her some other kind of personality test for fun she scores exactly like me , too :) we're almost carbon copies when ... i'm like that too ! :) as soon as i see some random stranger being upset - anybody , anywhere - i would sooo much like to run over and lend a helping hand . sometimes i might do just that , but other ... nice description , thanks ! ˝ playful gentleness ˝ describes well what i find so attractive about infps :) i had this experience with an enfp ... he was nagging me all the time to tell him how i ... which type are you asking about here ? :D i'm not like this at all , i prefer to give people space to express themselves and try to accept everyone as they are ... my fe helps me adapt to all kinds ... oh yes , totally ! this is why i need a lot of ˝ me time ˝ ... i can get completely swept up by the thoughts , feelings and energies of others . when i watch a film , i can feel what everybody around me ... intj father ( tested ) + esfp mother ( such an obvious example she doesn't need to be tested , and i doubt she would care or have the patience for that anyway ) = two enfj sisters who , i like to believe , ... emeraude - horrible j in the sense that tidiness doesn't come naturally to me , that i procrastinate all the time , act chaotically and spontaneously ... most people would never say i was a j just by ... my socionics results are all over the place , mostly enfp and enfj :) true , you can't make somebody like you ... but , luckily for you , many enfjs have a natural tendency to fall for infps ! in my case , it's enough for infps to just exist , and i'm smitten ... ok , i'm ... yes , because it's hot , just like us :P i can also be horrendously chaotic , unorganised , procrastinating , hyperactive and simply all over the place ... i always test high p and you would never guess i was a j by looking at me :D also , i'm an ... don't mind the haters , dear ! you probably have a special spiritual energy that your bf can pick up visually ... or something like that . it doesn't really matter what it is , the important thing is how ... not yet ... thanks for the tip : wink : well , at least it made somebody laugh :D i think he was an experimental enfp in every way :D gosh , i had this problem a looot when i was younger ! i didn't want to talk too much about myself because i wanted to keep the conversation interesting for the other person ... so this mostly meant ... white and gold ... no matter what i do it won't appear otherwise :) lions all the way ! :) though maybe that's not my proper spirit animal as it might be influenced by the fact that i'm a leo ... but i identify with lions ( and other wild cats ) a whole lot :) count me curious too ! :) would it be pure awesomeness , or would the similarity mean a lack of ˝ excitement ˝ ? hmmm ... never was really partial to elephants , though i think it's sooo adorable when a big elephant holds a little one by the trunk ! ! ... hehehe , i totally understand , i never felt safe with my problematic enfp too :D he understood me like nobody else , but all the rest was very ... turbulent ! now i'm finding myself attracted to more ... hmmm , me and my enfp ex were totally opposite to this - he was all about feelings and creativity , i was more about logic , philosophy and analysis ... being with him really opened up my heart and right ... exercise , meditation and dancing , just like everybody else :D pampering also works great ... a hot bath , sauna or massage :) if i'm really angry too , i'll put on some punk music and go crazy ! haahha , that pic of spock made me laugh :) put together like that , the images are very vivid ... nice work ! :) the ni and se pics spoke the most to me :) for me , sex can be a deeply spiritual and transformative experience ... ... or it can be just plain physical fun , no strings attached . i can swing both ways ;) for a long time i experienced sex ... i'm lucky to have never have any heroin addicts as friends , otherwise i most likely wouldn't be typing this today ... ' nuff said : confused : we have a huge talent for ˝ selling ˝ things , packaging them in a way that will be exactly what someone wants to hear ... our strength is that we always adapt the message to the listener :) for ... awww kramer's technicolour coat , i would totally wear that ! awww i like it a lot , especially the peace sign and flower ! and it's in my favourite colour , too :) anything as long as it's not ˝ giver ˝ ! i find that such a horrendous name , makes us seem like doormats , sluts or both ! :D many good proposals here :) my favourite look is hippy / boho / gypsy / psychedelic ... bright colours , ethnic prints and a lot of paisley :D i also collect vintage clothes from the 60s and 70s ... have an entire wardrobe dedicated ... you definitely sound like an enfj :) the abstract of my master's thesis is a strong intp ( 99 % i , n and t ) , while one of my random posts here is an esfj , it seems . so , do i have a case of split personality , or does academic writing ... eat , pray , love ? i agree with happy about nothing . ... my advice is to keep it genuine :) personally , i don't think there's anything creepy about messaging an unknown person on facebook ... and , hey , we all like to ... i dated an enfp for a long time and , even though i'm usually a great listener , sometimes he would really test my patience . my j-ness makes me prefer communication that is succinct , to the point ... enfj , as many as i'm allowed or until the browser crashes ... i love the way intps mumble on and on about metaphysics with their heads down , too shy to even meet my eye ... sooo cute ! or maybe it's just the intps i met :D i don't think i've ever met a boring ... we are profoundly shallow :D seriously , now , if i were to generalise , i'd say that enfjs are often very profound people that hide behind a mask of shallowness on occasion ... they are among the ... no need to apologise cmooon , it came at the right moment ... clearing up things from the past year and opening myself up to a happy new year and all that :) what i learned ? above all , to trust ... well usually i feel i don't have much to hide anyway ... i most often feel bubbly and positive , without any strong emotions :) if i feel something and i'm aware of it ( this can be a problem ) i ... i think ... i think ... i think that i'm in love : kitteh : i have this huuuge instant attraction to stereotypically infp-ish men ... but now , after a long and troubled relationship with a very sensitive ... before : it was very tough now : with the right people at the right moment , very easy as an eight with a strong seven wing ( or the other way around , who knows ) , i've always had this need to keep ... thanks for replying to my ancient post ... we broke up a while ago , all this seems like another life now whoooaaa :) it was a very difficult relationship , but i learnt a whole lot :)