' my humour is primarily driven by my quick wit , its usually dark and mean and people seem to like it ... i've always been told i'm funny by those that know me well but i've never tried to get people to ... i don't understand how i was judging you i only said that you may be unaware of i didn't assume you didn't know , i was only pointing out that your gif reply made no sense , and you added no ... all cooking is chemistry ... what is a recipe if not a formula ? ? ? too much - not enough - just enough heat can change the chemical composition of plants , animal flesh , and by-products into something ... i have slow reflexes . : tongue : :) i would have to argue the younger generation a little , i cook , my sister's ( 28 ) a chef , and almost all my girlfriends can cook and do it well , and my guy friends ... hahahahaha dating is positively orwellian for us all , sugar ... i promise you guys don't have the market cornered on i know he said but what the hell does it mean ? ? ? but in general , you make some ... it sound's like he liked you very much ... yes , contrary to what you may have heard , we are only human ... but i wouldn't assume he was lying to you . possibly but it's not likely ... although there is some psychological evidence of the masculine and feminine stereotypes being preferred by the opposite sex on an almost subconscious level in just about everyone , it comes from an ... see that's exactly what i would do if i had his irl address , but i don't ... and it would be weird to ask for it right now imo ... but great idea , thanks ! :D maybe i can do the playlist thing ... see that's what i don't want to do , i don't want to make it about me i just don't know what's going to be better for him , me just leaving it alone or trying to reach out , i mean what if no one else ... two for me as well one that lasted weeks and one months ( so far ) , and a hand full of dates that went nowhere , no random hookups ( not my style ) ... i've sort of got a i don't need anyone else so you ... :) face blindness or prosopagnosia is the opposite of super recognizing , where people are so bad with faces that they forget the faces of close friends , loved ones and sometimes even ... no he didn't ask for help he just suddenly withdrew and like i said seemed to think he was a burden so i'm lost , i don't want to just be like bye felicia because he is going through something but ... has anyone heard of this ? basically , you have facial recognition software in your brain and some of us have the top notch software and others not so much ... i was wondering how intj fair on this ... posted this in the infj area but thought i would get my own types opinions as well ... hello , so i have been talking to a really great infj guy for two months but about two weeks ago he went ... hello , so i have been talking to a really great infj guy for two months but about two weeks ago he went mia . i gave him a full week with a couple what's up texts that he didn't reply too ... help me , please ! the male infj i've been talking to for a month is definitely flirty but we live in tx and ga usa and he knew this from the start . so if we had a relationship it would have to be ... do you infj guys throw around terms of endearment ? i've been talking to an infj guy for about a month and he has been calling me my lady and my darling lately . i don't throw terms of endearment ... where do infj / enfj men hang out in real life ? any tips on spotting one in the wild ? i seem to have this fantasy like idea about what infj / enfj men are like in person and i need to meet one to help me ... where do infj / enfj men hang out in real life ? any tips on spotting one in the wild ? i seem to have this fantasy like idea about what infj / enfj men are like in person and i need to meet one to help me ... well since it's a spectrum you can have some wiggle room ... like for me the j and p are the closest , i got like 60 % j - 40 % p so that's close and i feel it makes me a little more flexible , my i and n ... yes , me too ! i love will and hannibal together , and really wish it could play out that way ... as long as i get to come along as a voyeur ... also , i think you and i may be in the wrong thread for ... ok so my next door neighbor has known hillary since college , she is an older lady , nice , but i don't know her all that well , and with our schedules i haven't had many chances to talk to her but i am ... personally , how i feel about hilary being an intj is that i don't think she is one . and if she is then i think she is not a particularly intelligent one , and she would make a poor representation of ... 515714it ' s almost a smile ;P i completely agree ! who said intj aren't romantics ! ;) enfp for friendship and platonic relationships and infp for romance ... but they are both awesome :) i think like most things about romance and intj our level of passion is underestimated / disregarded . we may not wear it on our sleeves or just give it to everyone , but when we love and share ... i feel bad for him , why should he have to feel compelled to change just because you want it ? he is who you wanted for what 10-12 years ? then you change and so must he ? that's very unfair to expect ... love languages aren't always directly related to mbti ... i want someone i can be completely myself with , yes , who doesn't ? but if i love someone i have no trouble learning new things to help our ... hmm , ok ... so i have no desire to be attractive to people . however when i was about 14 and constantly in trouble for upsetting my peers with logic and honesty because apparently teens can't handle ... not really ... as his work is obsolete and has been widely invalidated i see no reason to waste time delving into it when whatever of his work that still holds validity is quoted or incorporated into ... my mom is a esfj , i have dealt with how different their thinking is from the intj my entire life ... i think you can find common ground , it is possible , however , it is not an easy thing and if she was ... this is my happy face 366274 harhar ... i meant how do i get the feeling of having a crush on someone to go away , not the person . he invited himself over . he said he works for dod and that he would be working ... thanks , its pretty much my favorite quote of all time . :) i like yours as well . i edited it just for you . : tongue : i dyed my hair dark ... i got sick of the ginger jokes . 108714 ok ... i'm a female intj and i have never had any interest in pursuing a relationship as i have always felt that a . ) most people i meet are dumb and b . ) i am very disinterested in dealing ... some metal is ok i guess , but it's not really my thing ... i just came across this on the myers briggs website , it's disney personality types ... myers briggs 16 personality types i have a shih tzu , ( teddy ) a rescue mutt , ( sunny ) and black cat ( fig newton ) ... my parents have two cats ( oreo and chocolate chip ) that have been part of the family since i was little , so they are ... i would say i fall into both the lurker and the artist categories pretty well ... my intj father is definitely more of the scholar ... i don't consider killing any particular persons , but when i see a film or read something about a situation where violence and killing seem necessary i often contemplate how i would handle the ... agreed ... i had a situation like this once that started with a cold kitten and ended badly for me ... o_o this made me chuckle ... reminds me of ... i can't be sure , i've never really heard much about this . i believe i register things differently than most , i've definitely smelled music and heard painting but i assumed that was my very vivid ... i have seen the thread that you are referring to and i don't see any real evidence either way , as of yet . it looks like it hasn't gotten into the actual subject matter much with one intj bent on ... hmmm ... interesting . is there perhaps a particular thread , book , or article , i could read about this to further enlighten me ? i can't see this being that much of an intj centric thing . i agree ... i'm not affended , being intj is not a huge deal for me ... i have teasted over 20 times both being given the test by professionals , and taking it in difforent forums , i get intj 65ish % of the time ... i don't go to bars / clubs of my own free volition in general , i don't drink ( much ) . so i usually get wrangled in as the dd ... but i bring my kindle fire and a headset in my purse so that when my ... '