' ^ ^ if only housework wasn't borderline unbearable . :d ry : i wouldn't mind someone complimenting me on my hair . i like it in fact , as long as it's genuine . if i can sense you're not being genuine i just get annoyed . but a compliment regarding a well ... i prefer mature men . i've had polar opposite experiences of the same function . hmm ... my physical appearance has to do more with my genetics than my personality . so i at least disagree with the physical description part . useful if you like the pretty colors . as for the other stuff , don't kid yourselves . you can make any excuse you want , but you have to admit it's for the colors . i don't get why people are saying the intj forums are shitty for relationship advice when dealing with our own personality traits . not all of us are socially damaged like others like to think . cal ... yup . best advice i can think of . this guy sounds like a very insecure and unhealthy intj . i think that he has some personal issues he needs to work out first , and he hasn't learned to move on ... i'd end it now or adjust . if you've communicated with your gf about your needs and she can't fulfill them , move on . otherwise you're setting yourself up to be hurt , you and possibly her . honestly if ... not necessarily if you're in a good relationship . i'm in one , but i didn't need to give up independence or self sufficiency in the mean time . nobody's clinging to me and trying to drag me away from ... 1 . i've noticed that i'm a lot more laid back in relationships than a lot of friends / acquaintances . it seems like more of the strong-willed women are very bossy and try to control their so's at any ... i'm glad i'm not the only one that has experienced that . it seems like asks me something along the lines of why do you not like me ? or do you love me ? or some variation of that often , especially ... not me personally , but i do have a rather weird and quirky sense of humor around people i'm close to . isfj wears manly casual stuff . ¬ _ ¬ t-shirts and jeans , but still neat . i wear my distressed jeans and he tells me i look like a hobo . he wears his pj's in public and i tell him it looks sloppy ... how else would you represent nurturing ? a fluffy pink bunny ? just be glad it's not a fluffy pink bunny . i dated an enfp . he was too clingy and insecure with himself , and i lost respect for him . now he's my ex . so if you're not clingy or insecure , i don't see what's stopping you . also i tend to ... i was acting like your bf when i broke up with my first bf . like you guys the romance just wasn't there , and it turned anywhere from friendship to hanging out with my annoying 5 year old cousin . on ... letting him be is all and well , but relationships do require compromise . you can't just expect her to cater to his needs and have him do nothing . sometimes we need to accept that the ol ' me just ... i do subscribe to which is ... sort of a fashion mag . but it has more than makeup and clothes in it . it also has health and exercise tips , some good irl stories . i do look at the fashion section and do ... can't stand house chores , yet i can't stand clutter . you'd think living with an isfj would help that , but alas . i pick up after myself so there isn't much reason to clean . housework is just mundane ... look at profiles of infp and isfj personalities and decide which one sounds most like you . i'm glad you moved on . i agree . you did your part . i just offered a hypothesis as to why he might be acting the way he is . oh well . gift cards for good stores to get clothes . i need some clothes . :( my wardrobe is getting raggedy . nope . i hated kids . for the most part i thought they were incredibly annoying . they just reminded me how inept their parents were . now that i'm a little older , i can tolerate them in small doses . but ... glad you took the high road and didn't do that . 0_0 not only would that be very unprofessional , but also just incredibly bitchy . not to mention that would be a terrible way for mending any kind of a ... my isfj fiance is an insomniac for that very reason . patience , patience , patience . it takes a long time to truly build a friendship / relationship with an istj . that sounds pretty typical of a lot of types , especially introverted ones . god , i don't know how many times in high school fights were started because one of our friends started dating someone and ... i don't get pissed off with holidays ( except sweetest day , cuz it's pointless . ) i actually like to have fun with them in my own way . i big colonial-style library with a bigass wooden executive desk where i can do my work in peace without having to worry about not having enough room . oh , and a baby grand piano . i don't like trick-or-treaters or people knocking on my door in general . i just make my fiance answer the door on halloween . we don't get many trick or treaters . but i do like halloween . by no ... decisions , decisions ... this . i swear to god if i have to hear one more thing about my fiance's brother's wife's precious little girl , i'm going to go postal . oh yeah , she threw a ball . who gives a shit . but there are ... i like ixfj's myself . extroversion either makes me jealous or taxes my nerves , feelers are just so cute , and they sure as hell better be able to make a decision ( i've been down that road before , and ... people who don't want to take responsibility for their own actions . go take your blame game somewhere else , because i don't have time for it . oh yea , and people who waste my time piss me ... i agree . they're definitely a no-bullshit kind of people . that sounds about right . it seems like all the isfj's i know have had tragic relationship pasts with people screwing them over somehow . it's understandable that they'd be very cautious going into a ... i hear about that a lot . it seems isfjs and intjs make great coworkers and even friends , but things get a little more complicated when you take it to a more serious level . :/ here's what i've learned so far : i don't know how long you guys have been together , but sooner or later you will have to come out of your shell and let him know that you need him . isfj's are the ... i'd think that ixtx's in general have a hard time finding boyfriends / girlfriends . we have that independent vibe that tells everyone around us that we aren't looking , don't need , or don't want anyone ... the other day i had a debate with an sj over trends like distressed jeans . i personally like them , although there's a right way and a wrong way they should be ripped . this sj i was talking to thought ... in a way my dad is . nothing really seems to worry him that much , and if it does he always seems calm about it . maybe old age just makes people not worry about stuff anymore . : laughing : but he ... what i mentioned is probably more of an sj thing , but yes , it is a little annoying as if i'm not capable of doing that simple task correctly . estj's are the ones i always somehow manage to piss off and thus , nearly have my head bitten off . istj's are less in-your-face , and at least they let me know quite plainly that they don't like me ... irl extraverts are considered to be more ideal . if i had a quarter for every time someone says you're quiet or you should talk more , as if it's some kind of personal fault . you had me running in the other direction at that sentence . i hate vacations of any kind with a group bigger than four people , and that's if we're all good friends . when people are there that i don't ... 1 . yes i was for nearly two years with my ideal type , an enfp . our relationship didn't work out . he was too clingy and insecure , and couldn't make a decision to save his life . i felt like i had to ... you know when you're a sensor when you rearrange the dishes in a full dishwasher . not because there's not enough room , just because there's a right way they should be arranged . sorry . letting out ... what do you mean by shy ? as in not talking to people because you're scared to or because you're disinterested in socializing ?  when you have quiet weekends that don't involve late night partying and socializing , and you end up having more fun . '