' simply being impulsive and reckless isn't inferior se . it's the ebb and flow relationship a person has with sensual experiences . sasuke has none of that . half the freaking cast in this series is ... having some sort of ambitious goal is in no away indicative of ni . remember , he literally changed what he wanted to achieve several times . and that certainly isn't a mis-characterization . he was ... edit : blah , didn't like the way this post was made . come back to it later firstly , everyone sets goals . simply having a goal isn't indicative of anything . ni , however , is a lot more than a simple goal . it's about weaving subjective interpretations into a greater ... it's been awhile , let's see if i can have a go at this . sage of the six paths - infj hamura - isfj naruto - esfp - explosive energy and has the ability to make everyone feel like they are ... there is nothing in that text that says anything about her jungian functional preferences . if you tried then you would be taking an freudian approach to typing obama , a man completely deprived of a singular world view and whom bill gates recently referred to as a hyper-rationalist is an xnfj ... not even close . second , there isn't any confusion if you ... as opposed to you who thinks obama is an xnfj or berine is one of two types that have absolutely nothing in common ? at the very least celebritytypes approach typing using a theory first , ... bernie sanders - entj - celebirtytypes hit the money with their typing that's what distinguished [ sanders ] from leftists who were more invested in the symbolism than in the outcome , sugarman ... for number 1 ) , i have to disagree . for a one off case , sure , but there definitely is a trend with the characters people play . the characters people play are not going to be perfect , at some point ... i can't see much ni in him , at least not strong ni . he speaks plainly . doesn't try to use symbolism or allegory . i remember him being interviewed on tv once and he said he never really had a plan ... i'm going to go with entp . i've been watching his stream lately , if you are willing to hear him out , his logic is sound and his intentions don't come off as evil at all . he also has no trouble ... caleb : ixfp - he did for her what he would have wanted others to do for him , regardless of the fact that she wasn't human . strong inner value system . i think if he was a ti dominant he tried to keep ... enfj . he acts more like a spiritual leader than a field marshal . i say enfj as his science can be really sketchy at times . it feels like he's constantly twisting his logic to suit message hes ... well defined in a mathematical sense implies being unambiguous . my point was that much of the problems here are a result of not being taught why . the gaps in knowledge are leading people to find ... the topics being discussed in this thread have been well defined for a good hundred years now . much of math is taught with an emphasis on practical use as opposed to why . the unfortunate consequences ... having finished a dual degree where one of my majors was applied mathematics , i'd say , * mathematical maturity simply not having been exposed enough to mathematics can make a big difference ... similar in that they are based around some internal consistency but completely opposite in how they function . ti and fi are opposing functions . the confusion between the two arises from a lack of ... i got a lot of my studying done at uni during that hour . typing people from the lyrics of a song is like telling someones future by reading tea leaves . too much hand wavy nonsense . i'm going to go with celebrity types typings . they always look at ... seems like it . especially with the talk about wanting resolution and being forceful . if he were an xxtp i'd wager he talk more about the exchange of ideas without a need for conclusion here are my typings from a few years ago main cast : pete : estp andre : intj ruxin : entj kevin : istp ( ? ) jenny : estj taco : entp it is less about a singe quote and more about the whole picture . you can find a single quote about anybody that could easily question their typing . the ethos of the article still remains , he is first ... being principled is a trait of thinking dominants . as jung said , te and ti operate in the exact same way ; the orientation may be different but the logic is the same . it is why in socionics model if ... rey - estj finn - esfj kylo - isfj / istj - - dude is a hero worshiper ; desperate to walk in the shadow of his idol poe - estp general hux - enfj - literally joseph goebbels v2 snoke - ... i agree with celebritytypes typing of berine , he is an entj . he is incredibly pragmatic . social-democrat is the most pragmatic form of socialism as the ideology relaxes two core tenets key to ... that one isn't a difficult , it is fairly straight forward sequential logic . the hard part is identifying how to tackle the question . if you believe it is poorly worded , then you might have difficulty ... i fall some where between far-left and left of center . i dislike libertarianism . particularly in regards to the blind eye the movement so casually casts on past injustices , and in the amount of ... i agree with the movement in principle . however , i've found the communities that form around the movement are surprisingly polarized and intolerant . the echo chambers , and the people who seemingly ... you didn't answer my question . you are still cherry picking his work . what separates the parts of his work that you deem useful and the parts that you don't ? then what separates the aspects of his work that you do and don't find useful ? his work wasn't on personality , it was on the way we structure information in our psyche . second , there is no scientifically valid personality theory . [ / color ] it is like accepting the idea of ... everything we know about typology is based on his work and the work of his students . his work on typology came from a lifetime of study . if you want to argue the fundamentals of typology , whilst ... i think people tend to say one thing but do another . it doesn't surprise me that the inferior function is a source of cognitive dissonance for many people . the role of the inferior function is ... von franz said that people tend to admire those whose dominant function is opposite of their inferior . that is , feeling dominants tend to admire thinking dominants and visa versa . jung said that ... it is getting tiring reading depressed intp's projecting their short comings on to their type . being an intp doesn't mean you have no friends or ambitions , procrastinate endlessly , and evade reality ... i cannot relate with his actions so i won't speak for him . is he autistic ? his type aside , how are you ever going to establish a healthy , platonic relationship when he is in love with you ? unless ... i think the article covers that better than i can . here is the excerpt if you missed it , or don't want to read it . i think you want to stay as far as away as you possibly can from the subjective opionions of the mbti community . stick to resources that deconstruct jung's work as there is a lot of misinformation ... then i don't understand your question . asking what is the point of ti is like asking what is the point of introversion . the point of the functions should be fairly obvious if you read his book . ... start here : psychological types ( the collected works of c . g . jung , vol . 6 ) ( bollingen series xx ) i think these mbti communities tend to be a melting pot for lazy intp's . do you happen to have extended access at celebritytypes.com ? if not , i'll provide a list of famous people typed as intp in ... the prospect of free time sounds alluring , but in reality i find it difficult to motivate myself and end up mismanaging / wasting a lot of time . looking back , the times where i've been the least ... how relevant , i'm starting to do a lot of work in linguistics these days . it has less to do with a love for language and more about extracting meaning from textual data . my current focus is on ... sound a bit like me . i majored in electrical engineering ( embedded systems ) . towards the end of my degree i got to do my thesis off campus at a well respected research orginization in australia . it ... don't really care much for the defaults these days unless i'm on the train or something . i'm currently subscribed to : / r / dota 2 / r / smashbros / r / ece / r / machinelearning / r / statistics ... start working on improving your self-esteem . i can't imagine how low my self worth would have to be to put up with the abuse you that you did . never been iq tested , but i do not believe i am gifted . i've been an underachiever for most of my life and i've never been great at grasping difficult concepts quickly . i have to study pretty hard ... stick of truth and mass effect 2 . those are the only two games i've finished from the two dozen or so games i've played in the last 6 ~ years . i did quite poorly in high school . in the end it was enough to get my foot in the door for engineering , but i had very little ambition and did not study at all . i remember starting to study for my ... '