' dear k , you make me want to want . and to open up ... first , to undress my mental stitches . but ... dear enfp , i still seethe inside , sometimes it's a placid kind of seething , other times it bubbles up in a cauldron . i miss you , i hate you , and i love you . - - infj i'll boil easier than you , crush my bones into glue i'm a go-getter ... the fever i feel , the fake and the real i'm a go-getter my world just expands , things just break in my hands i'm a ... caught in the riptide i was searching for the truth there was a reason i collided into you dear k , some animal part of me still feels the raw , silent , insane level of hostility , and then another part of me just wishes to not give a f * * * . moving on , infj touch me and then turn away put your hands into the flame tell me if you feel this pain ' cause i don't want to be your ball and chain read more : active child - hanging on lyrics | metrolyrics ... communication + kicking their ass ! : kitteh : sometimes , enfps have to realize that hate is someone's pent up frustration and anger being projected at them ; it's like emotional vomit . when someone is actively hating on you , you can either remove ... dear god , it seems ridiculous for me to be angry at you , but i can feel you smiling at the twist of my fate ; it feels intentional on your part , this script of my life . what must i do but accept ... dear enfp , sometimes i get moments of clarity outside of my tenderness , and i realize just how different we are--and the abasement and humiliation returns . i want to live past pluto where ... i'm in this strange daze . i want to snap out of it . dear enfp , it would have been masochistic of me to stay . you'd constantly feel uncomfortable about your lovers and would have to hide them from me . i'd constantly feel uncomfortable about ... consideration can be a very personal thing . it's different from manners which is more generalized and has a broader application like rules of etiquette . the special component to consideration is that ... some sensitivities must be kept , others must be overcome ; knowing the difference between the two , is what maintains the integrity and true nature of the person . two wrongs don't make a right . i should not have been so harsh . sigh . : frustrating : dear k , i am ashamed of my rude email . i lost my cool . sigh , your self-congratulatory tone as well as your sexual joke about your graphic novel really pushed me over the hill . nonetheless , ... it's apparent i love someone when i can't stop talking about them with others . i'll find some reason to bring them up . all signs and conversational markers take me to him . dear god , just give me strength . you are my only strength . i have none in me . sigh . i've considered tapping out of this game of life , it would be easy , i think of it daily . but i don't want to ... i know i have this bad habit of leaving people when i feel insecure / anxious and it becomes unbearable . i break up with others before someone else breaks up with me . before they reject me . i am ... it's a privilege to know the haal of someone's heart . you hide your lovers from me , i hide that i love you . how considerate of both of us . silence makes an elegant solution . i'm hopeless . : yech , must not turn into a bitter old woman . ^ _ ^ ; feeling melancholic . i've noticed i feel this way unless there's a major change or major shift in my experiences . i'm thinking of you and i am wondering what made me so unique in your eyes such that ... this is simultaneously endearing and wise . kudos . ^ _ ^ i feel this sudden shot of vibrant , peppy , super duper charged energy . ^ _ ^ you casually humiliate me and then expect me to reply . don't try to train me to become masochistic . someone once taught me , a busy man is a bad man . this is so beautiful , btw . on repeat . - on and on the strain , beauty from afar , help is on it's way , i know you love to fall . dear h , you are the obvious choice . there is no valid reason for me to refuse you . if i had my head on right , i'd jump into your arms and say yes . but i can't . i know , i know . may god ... dear enfp , the hallmark of our communication was an uncensored space . it's not like that anymore . i can feel you tip-toe around topics , and there is an opaque cloud between your life and ... i don't like feeling purposeless or like i'm a nomadic floater . unstructured time is frightening for me . just unbounded confusion and sadness . not to mention , biting anxiety . urgh , 2015 has seen some highs and lows . dear enfp , i'm not blaming you . it's my own melancholia too . it gets triggered whenever you are here with me . just let me go . i'm not sure if i can keep resisting whenever i see you pop up , ... dear k , as each day passes and you don't reply , i feel this sinking sense of ... disappointment , even though i claim i have no expectations anymore . i'm not sure why . but you're on the run from ... dear k , you only miss me only when things aren't going right . sigh . don't write to me . honestly , infj dear s , my gut said to flee . i hope that you can forgive me . sincerely , infj dear all , i just don't feel anything anymore . no excitement , no joy , blankness - - except for the dull , imprecise and diffused sadness , like white noise in the background . infj dear k , i'm not okay when you're around . i'm okay when you're not . that's a problem . sigh , infj i've been in your shoes . but , add - - the first person i talked to in the morning and the last , for over a year . sigh . the long-distance killed it . for the first time you ask her , make it a very low threshold for her to say no . don't do dinner , don't make her self-conscious , go to lunch or something in the day time , ( does she like art ? what is ... dear infp , please don't love me so . i enjoy your misty-eyed idealism , but i don't want to spend the rest of my life with you , fused to you in that way you want me to be fused to you . and ... all this running around trying to cover my shadow an ocean growing inside all the others seem shallow dear god , i'm at that point where i intend to relinquish men / romance in order to grow . please be with me . love and determined , infj experiencing neutral kindness within oneself is healing . neutrality , not being punitive or distancing . neutrality as an extended form of empathy . double post noticed this - - a man must bear strong evidentiary proof principally , and also specifically as it relates to you , before passing through and dwelling in your heart . - offering a meta-love ; thinking about their thoughts , and relating that back to them . - people exist in orbitals of privacy for me - - the closer i place them to me , the richer and more intimate the ... '