' female intp 5 ' 6 , 130lbs , 33d -26-37 ( hourglass build ) long , wavy , brown hair minimal makeup , dark brown eyes pale skin with freckles on my cheeks and nose i wear different things every day , so ... beethoven - ( unhealthy ) infj : i : almost entirely disinterested in people , except for a small handful of close friends and love interests . n : talks about music as a divine , and following his 6th ... intp classical ( meaning baroque era-post modern / avant garde conceptual music , i . e . john cage ) , psychedelic funk , jazz , ambient , percussive , trip hop , acid rap , classically-influence electronic ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? intp 2 ) what is your gender ? female 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) entj because of their confidence and natural leadership ability isfp ... as an intp , i tend to be attracted to any type of conversation , sensory or intuitive , as long as it's one-on-one . because most intp's are intensely social chameleons , it's easier for us to adapt to ... you're making a lot of generalizations that aren't necessarily true in all cases . the fault in your analysis of intj vs . intp is that you regard every difference as a binary . no one is wholly judging ... calculus / statistics : isfj psychological lit : enfj physics : an extraverted intj , definitely not entj music theory : esxp violin : ( three of them ) estj , inxj , intj conducting : enfp composition : ... intp freshman / sophomore years : 8/ 10 ( i went to a rigorous math-science based high school for nerds and professors ' kids ) junior / senior years : 7/10 ( i switched to a boarding school to pursue violin , ... i'm an intp . i was raised jewish , but i don't adhere to any organized religion , including agnosticism , atheism , and the like . that being said , i consider myself a very spiritual person . there is an ... i think he's more along the lines of a 4 or a 5 . i know he finds other girls attractive and is turned on by them , but he can't seem to handle the concept of having one actually join in with us . the people i respect the most have been isfp's and istj's . i think it would be an interesting to experience what being a sensor is like . sometimes being an intp is draining ( i . e . constantly stuck in ... i'm an intp , and i'm in an amazing relationship with an entp guy . we're both romantically straight , but sexually i am sometimes interested in other women . whenever i suggest having a threesome with ... esfj's . all the esfj's i know make absolutely no sense to me . even if they're smart , they rarely use logic to reach a conclusion or decision . their feelings seem to be better described as impulses ... anywhere we can observe esfj's uggghhh don't get me started perhaps it would benefit you to think of introversion vs extroversion as more of a scale than an binary . it may well be that you are neither intp or entp , and really fit somewhere between . keep in ... some j's come off as narrow-minded and often too judgmental of those around , like they are somehow offended that others don't fit perfectly into their framework . that being said , all of my ... what about ti don't you like / understand / approve of , etc . i've heard some other intj's make similar statements , and i'm curious as to why . i am an ambiverted straight female ntp , which , in short , means i can switch between intp and entp pretty easily . since intp and entp have the same functions , just in a different order , it isn't ... bob dylan : inxp earl sweatshirt : intp aphex twin : intx janis joplin : enfp some classical composers / performers john cage : intp beethoven : infj leonard bernstein : esfp w . a . mozart : esfp intp : phone with charger earphones laptop pens / pencils gum cigarettes lighter umbrella chapstick i totally relate to that , i've never dated a p type ! i think it's because i'm so disorganized that i need a j type to push me to arrange my life . j types make me much more motivated to live in the ... no but it's fun hannah : infp duh marnie : estj jessa : esfp shoshanna : esfj adam : intj , but i may only think this because he reminds me so much of an intj i know charlie : infx ray : intp elijah : esfp ( possibly ... 1 ) i would come up with as many ways as possible to commit suicide , and not be able to pick which one to follow through with . 2 ) very introverted istj might actually enjoy it . 3 ) no one should go ... esfj or estj / istj with well developed fe . stj's are the most uptight . estj's are probably more so than istj's because they more openly extend their high expectations of conduct to others , rather than just being hard on themselves and their ... entp for the offensive humor , but she seems to have equally developed se and ne . i wouldn't say estp though . entp > estj > entj are you sure he's not a sensor ? definitely not an infj , maybe an entj or intj . j criminals are better at planning crimes and p criminals are better at executing crimes . j types are more likely to ... i'm 100 % p and i have a well-formed plan for my life . finish conservatory , and then apply for conducting apprenticeships at orchestras around europe and the americas . the details can wait to reveal ... i was wondering if mbti type has any correlation to the types of people we prefer , or if our friends and close relationships are more random than that . please post your type , your closest friends ... ce in exercise , both for writers ( who wish to develop rounded characters ) and people interested in applying mbti . a good auth i see no problem in typing characters for amusement , but once you ... entp and intp have the same functions , just in a different order . i suggest taking a cognitive functions quiz like these : jungian cognitive function quiz or ... not petty , just proving a point . ironic ? you mean hypocritical ? there's a difference between speculating possible types of fictional characters who are incapable of actually having mbti types ... our own damn laziness 189066 music and smells first of all , introvert vs extrovert is a construct . you have to think of it as a scale , with room for fluidity in between , rather than two detached states of being . with mbti especially , i vs e ... anyone who earnestly tries to use mbti to type fictional characters with real-world standards doesn't truly understand mbti . i'm an intp 5w4 i'm pretty ambiverted , but my order of functions is closest to that of an intp , so that's how i identify . however , my functions don't seem to fall in line with the standard intp , with ... sure , lets type by functions : ti is the auxiliary functions for both estp and entp , as is fe , so i'm not sure why the prevalence of lack-there-of of fi is even relevant . the only differences between ... type : intp job : i'm a student , no job right now field of study : classical music , specifically composition and conducting , but my instruments are violin and piano dream job : freelance composer who ... john cage 4 ' 33 she sounds like an estj . intp's and estj's have a hard time getting along . i'm an intp . my mom is an enfp and my dad is an intj . my older sister is an esfj . entp infj days , insomniac / mind won't shut up '