' 85307 my brothers and i , i'm on the far right 85305 im no infj but there is a lot here that i have seen myself with the first love i had . she seems rather similar to your so in that she was frightened to be tied down to the best boyfriend she ever ... a possible love interest shared this lady with me . i love folk . if you believe that one in a million thing . with over 7 billion people on this planet , that makes 7000 + individuals that could be that one in a million . cut that in half if youre exclusive to one ... if i find someone worth the effort , ill do all i can to keep things fresh and exciting . i've agreed with pretty much everyone so far , of those who have replied . being who i am , i find comfort in ... ... feel like ive finally come into myself . thanks , oh_no_she_didnt i'm so very glad that i have been welcomed back by you and another great perc member so quickly . i'm back because i must admit i need help . 7879378793 me and my beautiful girlfriend who has put us on a one month break from our relationship . :/ things went from an all time low to an all time high and i quit coming here . i'm so glad this place still exists and i hope it's just as good as ever before . i am back though cause i'm in need of ... you ever get that feeling that there's absolutely nothing do do even though you have enough stuff to do that your day would be constantly busy . it's been 5 days since this break has started with ... i've been selfish and i believe it is my right . i have no patience with my professor . i'm far better off learning on my own . i've been lazy and need a job . happy belated higgs-boson day . that is nothing official but yesterday was one of the most important days , definitive evidence of the higgs-boson particle actually exists . yes maybe , but i don't think my friend would be to happy with me sleeping naked with someone other than her . i am content with being different . i like it when others think i am strange . my aloof attitude is nothing less than me being drowned in deep thought and wonder . i love how i can feel and ... i have been sleeping naked a lot recently . pretty much every night for the past few weeks . hi everyone i hope i can be around more often than i have been and i have truly missed this place . i know it has been a while and this may sound like a record some other former member has played ... im stuck in a place that scares me and pleases me . on either end there are aspects that weigh down one side , but there are equally just as many things weighing down the other end making everything so ... for all you pirates i've just doubled the number of girls i have kissed , ever . guessing the grand total should be rather easy . its crazy what something can do that structures your thoughts , instead of trying to change them and make you into a cookie cutter model of what the ideal person is suppose to be . some of those self ... i am a.math major and i am specifically working on an applied engineering physics degree . i like what i study because i have been able to learn how to absorbed rational / logical thinking and i want to ... the only book to ever have an affect on my life was the myth of sisyphus . not a typical self help book , but it helped me . wondern 2wonder woodsofdesolation she's too friendly and aloof which could be just as harmful as helpful . i appreciate it though . it would be different if she was lost in my neighborhood and.not a ... my dog disappeared today while my parents took her and the family labrador to their business today . she just upped and walked away ; when my mother told me , i could tell she was fighting back tears . i ... i don't go anywhere , although i like to just drive . if it is nice out , then the top of the jeep comes off . i like to stick to roads that have few lights or ill get on the highway . theres never a ... kindofblue 06 well if you know anyone with a bajillion dollars i think there maybe somethign to that . a nice utopian society would be.nice . there is so much this world could do without , i was reading about singularity it has gotten my hopes up . the hardest thing i have ever wanted , was to be able to believe in others . i feel rather ignorant for thinking.people want the best not only for themselves but also for those around them as well as ... i was wondering about you . it is way easier to study with the help of drinking . and very comfortable as well . i like it for hygienic purposes , there's no one to be sexy for at the moment . when the temperature reaches 100f during the day there is not much else for a guy to do than to trim up some specific areas on a more frequent basis . the under arm just happens to be one of those ... doris 88 maybe you should just meditate for a little bit and let everything inside of you go . maybe if you can free yourself from you immediate surroundings , mentally , you may ffind yourself in ... it is the catch . i would have no problem expossing a bit more of myself , although it would have to be mutual . i have talked with one of the others about this as well and the only reason that i didn't ... i think the only way to know something like that would be to share more personal info than what we typically do . i could friend someone on facebook given enough discussion and shared interest to know ... well i.do get a bit depressed ethylester because its like i will never talk to a particular friend again . i never thought they could have died but maybe that friendship has . i do miss a couple people ... i dislike edison , tesla was real inventor / innovator and no one give the man credit — - - - — it seems like i posted in a thread that i thought was for something else . i appoligize . im going to die today , not to excited about meeting alfredo at the gym today . well being crazed for the woman i have come to figure that what i had wanted scares the crap out of me but it doesn't matter . i want a actual relationship , something serious that requires effort from ... i think other gay guys have the idea that i could possibly be gay . they like to try to flirt with me and it happens somewhat often . it has also been common with friends of mine to assume after time ... well i idolize einstein and newton , despite being a bit more f than t , when i act as my alter ego it seems like the world around me is filled with idiots . just curious as to the intp take on ... is this how you intp's feel ? snakes are cursed , good enough reason to kill one , at least for my mother . cursed ? , that's what the bible says . * quotes verse * oh , of course . i don't like talking reliving with you mom . all ... i wish i knew a place that i could go to , sit in some booth with my book and work on these problems . somewhere that i could be completely alone amongst the chatter and mindless trivial events that ...   ... flw - falling water that was suppose to be my vision . rereading and correcting mistakes is hard without being able to see properly . my vision is messing with me way more than normal at the moment . sometimes it seems like i hallucinate a bit at the certain times , especially with words , they rotate and twist , and it drives me ... '