' yes ! very well put . i was thinking of it in a similar way but i didn't want to try and give an explanation that probably wouldn't have done it justice . i had hoped someone might pick it up and ... lol i'm married to an infp that constantly complains about being seen as and treated as immature . my best friend for many years was an enfp who constantly complained about being seen as and treated ... yes . i'll agree it may not be the most direct method for ne development ( starting with the more direct ways can be very difficult for some ) . moving into a frame of mind that's more engaging with the ... hmm , i'll take a lousy half asleep stab at em but it may not be much of an alteration on others answers . intelligence = mental operating proficiency , or the degree of it . success = in ... i think it may be a little bit more along the lines of that seems so retarded to me , what was the thinking behind doing it this way ? it may not seem the most logical way it could have been done , but ... sun = aries moon = sagittarius i had a few friends at one time who were also ariens . i personally never saw much in common with our personalities , aside from our interests . my best friend for ... wait ... no looting ? grrr ! this happens every rapture , i haven't gotten to loot anything good in so long . i swear i'm just going to sleep thru the next apocalypse , not getting my hopes up anymore ... * hands psychosmurf a brain * you've made the best choice . most people don't even realize just how delicious brain really is . now , onward to world domination . ahhh , being undead is the life . ... i think it would depend on maturity level and personal development . i haven't ever known any intps in rl but i imagine there exist a larger amount of laid back , flexible and cordial individuals then ... i've made some great online friendships in mmos but i never initiated any of them either . if i joined guilds it was usually through those friends . even then , it was often just me and a few other ... people like us , who believe in physics , know that the distinction between past , present , and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion . - albert einstein if i remember ... yeah , that one . * whistles quietly with an innocent expression * is it true that chloral hydrate isn't a controlled substance in the uk ? anyway , sorry i don't have any good advice . have fun . it's true that i didn't disagree on any . i went back later and and tried to be less neutral , completely honest with which way i'd lean even if it was only a small amount . that got me a 96 . the only ... concepts within concepts . when does the idea become the reality and when are the realities only constructs . do the reality and the belief ever really match . time : an illusionary concept needed to ... i did have a similar thought just after i posted , not so defined though . still , i was strongly in agreement or disagreement for more questions then neutral . so , ehh . * shrug * man she got you bad lol . get a wii and some very active sporty / action type games ( these are the only video games i've gotten esfp's to play ) . i apologize in advance if this advice is totally ... i got 90 , which surprised me a bit since i left many neutral . nah , when he's not cyberstalking he actually does just wonder around in his underwear absentmindedly . he might ramble about physics if you catch him in the mood but that usually goes in the direction ... i do think the lack of older intps around here is a bit odd sometimes . although , i can't really speak since i hardly post myself . it's true that the internet is dominated by the younger generations ... everything is wonderfully interesting until you've done it for a few days , then it quickly turns into similarity and mundane repetition . except pessimism , which stays fun forever . 1 ) normally moderate but i need a new system ( s ) at the moment . 2 ) action rpgs , rpgs , mmorpgs . 3 ) ps2 , xbox , wii , ds , burnt out rrod 360 ( 2nd or 3rd time ) and this pc , which a friend and i built ... hypothesis : maybe it's that every human is born with a drive to explore , in some fashion or another . how strong a drive , the from it takes , or whether it's been suppressed varies between types and ... warning ! i don't even need to touch on the main subject of that book , because it's purpose is not actually what it appears to be . it's true purpose is a psychological attack to undermine your ... both my parents are isfjs and i was an only child . if your the son , just be glad you have someone in your family who is a p . haha yeah , it can get really subjective how humans label their words and such . i can certainly see the humor in that . when i was a kid i always thought it was weird how telling someone to essentially ... swearing always felt too emotionally charged for me personally and i never saw any logic in it . i'm not saying that if someone is swearing then their being emotional , because i know it can become ... upon realization , i'd immediately go to the search engines and try to find a good walkthrough and known cheats / glitches for this game . yes i am that lazy . but it intrigues / amuses me that although i ... 1st dark grays . 2nd dark greens . when i was very very young i had a crush on medusa , i may have even cried when they cut off her head . wild imagination indeed . love the pic devilsapple ... especially the hair . : tongue : if i remember correctly , that stereotype was primarily directed toward older intps ( and yes , in my case , the older i get the more it seems to apply . well , the absent-minded part at least . if the ... hmm , y'all have me wondering what kinda cookies go best with margaritas now . just for the next time i throw a party . wait , i don't even believe that . okay , maybe i would never throw a party but i ... heh , if only it was as easy as herding cats . to herd cats you just need a lot of catnip , tuna fish , squirt guns and a few specially trained cat shepherding turkeys . this will still never be an ... yeah , i agree . and i'm not trying to say she isn't an istp . only that based on what i saw i thought she might possibly want to research into it a little more just to be certain , for herself . if she ... yeah , i've about given up on trying to have a clear understanding on the functions for now lol . i can't remember much else about what you said but just the fact that you've posted as much as you have ... nope . most were obsessions ( aside from the jokes of course ) . i just must be a real obsessive guy i guess . i would have listed stuff like reading or gaming in interests and hobbies . but i will admit ... i have a zombie alien ufo that i've kept hidden in my back yard till i could think of some use for it , i might be willing to part with it for the right price if either of you guys want to make an ... other peoples opinions aside , are you really sure your not an estp or something ? i'm not telling you that you are but from your activity you really strike me as an extrovert . and not just based on ... i've used techniques like that to help other people too . i still don't think i could let my guard down enough to follow someones lead very fully though , even if i tried . i'd be too afraid they'd mess ... lol the nf part really was just meant to be a silly generalization , nothing serious meant by it . nor was it in any way a stab at their intelligence . as i said the nf girl was my wife . she read it , ... beyond grabs an uzi in each hand and runs off towards the entj boards laughing hysterically like a psychopath . about half way there he bumps into an nf girl crying . he asks her whats wrong and gets ... beyond teleports into the thread . he surveys the crazy party . what a mess , he says to himself . then he swipes a bottle of tequila and some creepy-tall-guy-trail-mix and teleports out . ... the mental image i got from this was very garbled . only a bit of the audio made sense . i heard a wa wa wa wa wa wa and then some masky breathing ... after that i'm afraid my imagination ... lol plenty of us have never been athletes or great with those type of things . although i don't think my hand-eye coordination is too bad it's nothing to brag about . i've never been one to see ... one really should not put sugar in their green tea ! yuck ! but i do want mine on the rocks with honey and lemon ! : tongue : personally , i wouldn't mind having less choices in a lot of life's matters ... i too recommend that book . i know you may be thinking how to win friends ? how cheesy ! that sounds like it's for dorks ! ( lol or at least this is basically what i was thinking when someone recommended ... i've seen this a lot myself . for the most part , what i see in our culture is that great value is placed on high self-confidence , often ( and unfortunately ) much more so then humility . in my experience ... my mother has always been an animal nut so growing up i got to have , at one time or another , almost every pet you could find in a pet store that was under $ 50 or whatever followed me home ( excluding ... hahaha my enfp friend is also always working on cars and really seems to enjoy it most times . but the funny part is that i actually went to school for automotive technology and hated every minute ... '