' the death cure by james dashner ( final book of the maze runner trilogy ) . i teach hs english - i mainly read books for teens . self : type 3 , so / sx , esfj my man : type 5 , sx / sp , intp known each other for 23 years ( we're both 30 ) , childhood sweethearts , been together as adults for 10 years , don't want children , will ... hey there ! yeah , i know . i often use words like never , always , definitely , etc because i'm dramatic . he has tested intp on several different tests over the past 10 years - since i'm esfj and we ... aww , thanks ! nope , i'm a natural blonde and found her by googling blonde avatar . lol . ha - i would agree with this . i have one male isfp friend who , in the past , has shown a lot of interest in me . then we start talking ... and i apparently scare him away . he will ask a simple question ... oh goodness , arriving at completely different conclusions , lol . we are both super stubborn when we are sure of ourselves so we have to agree to disagree quite often . my first year i was like ... 75081 been teaching for 7 years . 6th grade english for 3 , 8th english for 3 , just finished my first year teaching sophomore english ( all in the same district ) . it's my dream job . i have my master's to be a ... ha ! ! ! is it ever ! we've known each other 23 years , been together as adults for 10 years ( lived together for 8 years ) . we love each other deeply but absolutely butt heads about a lot of things ! we ... he could very well be ! my father and my sister's husband are both istp as well . i shall make him test again ! poppinman 332 just had him re-test begrudgingly - he is definitely intp :) that is so interesting ! my sister dropped out of nursing school and is now a 2nd grade teacher in a small rural school . she won teacher of the year her first year of teaching ! have you considered ... i don't think i'm a typical esfj ! so what brought you here jehneefur ? ha ! we definitely do not understand one another . she is entirely too sensitive imo and i'm a deviant in her eyes . hi there ! ! my little sister is an isfj . happy to meet you . my intp man ( he's 30 ): ruggedly handsome , very good with his hands , boy scout dropout , can fix anything , loves hunting , fishing , shooting guns . has a hs diploma as far as education , owns a tile / wood ... thanks ! funnier because it's true . we sometimes end up on the same poker table and never get accused of playing together . most of the time we are saying things like , i will fuck you up ! ! ha ! yes , i know you guys don't ! being complete and utter opposites we have taught each other many things and rubbed off on one another - i like to think we help make each other more well-rounded ... i apologize for posting on so many other types ' threads , but i can't find my people on here . they must all be out mingling or throwing parties for people . ha ! hello to any esfj's who read this ... my two best girl friends are enfj and often get jealous of each other when the other gets to spend time with me ... so i'd say esfj's are easy for enfj's to hang out with . my intp man agrees with you username wholeheartedly . that's why i've been his live-in girlfriend for 10 years . even though i want to get married ( i don't want a wedding or children , ever ) - just to ... 2nd grade ... 23 years ago - he's still the love of my life . he's intp . he would say the attraction / love at first sight was mutual . i'm the only girl he's ever loved or care to love . i'm extremely ... i find this very interesting . my mother , guy best friend , and two very close girl friends are all infj . my two girl best friends are both enfj . i would say they are attracted to my energy and up to ... p just the letter p because the p on my keyboard is broken . it's quite bothersome to me , but i make it work . erin * female * oklahoma * 30 years young * esfj * type 3 * fe - se - ne - te - si - ti - fi - ni i'm a teacher who's off during the summer months . i also live on an acreage . i desire to be ... i took a photo of a bag i had purchased at a garage sale ( to put it online to sell ) and captured an orb in the photo ( see photo ) . i believe a spirit of some sort was attached to the bag . i also found ... homemade tomato soup and cucumber slices with salt and pepper . grilling honey-dijon pork tenderloin and garlic shrimp tonight . welcome ! though yours is the rarest type , there are lots of great intj folks ( and others ) to talk with learn from , give insight to , etc . ( and i just joined yesterday ) . i hope you find what you've ... happened to s / o and me in 2nd grade . no joke . we haven't been together all of those 23 years , but have been together as adults for the past 10 . my heart aches for you ! i want to hug you and tell you everything will be okay and shower with you compliments . the pain is real and your words here in this thread ! wow , impressive . kudos for putting ... we're not all that way . i am esfj , but definitely a wild child . i rebel , break rules , do not adhere to societal norms . i am a hs teacher in the bible belt , where you aren't supposed to live with ... i have a free hugs shirt , so ... crazy , stupid , love and the break-up ( they are too much like my life ) smashing pumpkins - siamese dream bon iver florence + the machine jimi hendrix - are you experienced ? nirvana - nevermind pearl jam - ten third eye blind - third eye blind bush - sixteen ... i've known my intp man for 23 years and we've been together as adults for the last 10 . he says he's always felt it and would always show me , but it took him 8 years ( and me leaving him ) for him to ... my mom is an infj . as an esfj , i do not want children . i would smother them with my love . i'm an esfj with a master's in education administration . my s / o is an intp with a high school diploma . we are an odd pair as far as generalizations are concerned . self the master , babel ... i am a sophomore english teacher at a 6a high school . i feel very fortunate because i am absolutely in love with my job . i also have my master's to be an elementary - high school principal - just not ... loveisart.com it has been my experience that * cough * esfj ; s * cough * are sex machines ... best female friend - enfj , best male friend - infj , soulmate / true best friend - intp thanks squids ! glad to meet you . he's always been a knight in shining armor . he thinks i'm a much better person than i am and is proud . he has put up with my mom's crap for going on 40 years and loves her anyway . i'm a lover of people , believe me , but my intp man has definitely rubbed off on me over the past 23 years because i agree with lots of these ! :) infj men , help me ! ! esfj female here in a committed but rocky 10 year relationship with an intp . a male friend of mine ( infj ) whom i had a relationship with when i was younger , has recently come back ... * waves * - new too man ! good luck with your journey . mine is starting out confusing , but excited to gain wisdom and understanding from so many on here who have dedicated lots of time and effort into ... lana del rey - born to die album on repeat new too ! esfj . let's be friends ! :) hey guys ! recently just got back into personality typing . i dabbled in hs . i have had a nagging desire to fix some of my annoying tendencies . a little background : me - esfj boyfriend ( known each ... '