' tbh why are you not a rapper ? ? ? a poem for database error dennis the menace drowning in guinness eyes on the prize dreams you can't fantasize not your average boi from michigan a true musician fights at parties ... 711346 fuck you i'm a space komodo dragon niqqa for some people , instagram is a great way to facilitate their self expression . however , i find that instagram trends tend to escalate to the point where many instagram models dress the same , do their ... it's an amazing book ! i recently bought the spy and i'm super excited to read it . welcome ;)  ...  (: dormer i hate you xd magic micah bye : tongue : this thread doesn't exist so i decided to make one post music that fits your current mood i'll start : cool : getting to see magic micah soon ^ ^ welcome to the forum ! what test are you using ? in reality , online mbti tests don't provide accurate results you need to read up on the cognitive functions in order to determine your type it ...  i have many playlists but this one is particularly good ^ ^ bright clear enfp 7w8 why don't you just suck it up and get an entp . they're better ~ magic micah ;P lol you're the exact opposite of me then math has been the bane of my existence :/ ap eco was probably one of the most difficult courses i took in high school you must be super intuitive ! i'm so impressed by your mind reading skills ! omg you're going to teach me how to relationship ? ? ? thank you sensei wow that's an interesting concept that i'm going to pretend to understand ! ! i must be evolving !  sometimes i'm compelled to roll around on the ground and make walrus noises . i've been told this means i'm an esfp . can anyone confirm ? ? ? yes ! i prefer not to , but i just need that visual reassurance sometimes xd 351418 yeah you got some silverware , but really are you eatin though ? ? ~ sweatpants - childish gambino 350370 why yes , i did do ib :P i don't regret it by any means . i felt that it was a rewarding experience overall , despite the workload and stress involved . but , i must say , hl bio was a ... brave new world <3 i highly recommend it    ... so , i'm really worried about posting my photo on here . i only want to be called a 10 , so that's why this is a hot or hot only thread . if i'm labeled as anything than less than a 10 , then i'm probably ... ayyy * pew pew pew * honestly , if you're accustomed to making jokes on a regular basis and she can't take it ? drop her . you shouldn't have to walk on egg shells while talking to your significant other . it's only going to ... axwell stop being porn D: dis water iz so spicy ;D ok let me give you some really well , heartfelt and thoughtful advice i know this might be a hard thing for you to hear ... so you should probably brace yourself but , that relationship isn't ...  '