' ah . but i am the fifth element and i have the multipass . kaboom ! ! ! and for that quip , when you want to go skiing in your summer , or lie on a beach in your winter , you shall not pass ! i think you guys mean autumn . it's getting dark at night and cold ( < 20oc , sometimes < 15oc ! ) . and then there are cyclones and flooding and coastal erosion - thanks global warming . i am an entp woman , who started out typing at your age testing much more evenly between entp and enfp . i suspect the justice drive hints at entp ... enfp would be more concerned about mercy . as ... all the entjs i met were pretty kick arse . i mean - a brain like mine and they can get shit done ! what a combination ! no excuse for not doubling everyone else's salary lol . kind of intimidating ... a bit ridiculous to call an entp a pragmatist ! there is nothing pragmatic about someone who argues without meaning to ( including with authority figures ) , who can't organise themself out of a paper ... awesome replies - thanks everyone :-) i do think that being in our heads alot is bound to make us prone to various psychological disorders , depending on environmental factors in childhood and later ... hey you should see my comment about being an entp woman . this may be our response to patriarchy ... arrogance as a defense mechanism . one quick word about humility . humility is not the same as false modesty . i hate false modesty . if i have done a good job , i have done a good job and i'm not about to go shucks i didn't ... those of you who don't know the difference between arrogance and confidence perhaps are not aware of the role of ego . once ego is involved confidence tips into arrogance . but while confidence is ... when i am in the entp zone then there are times my confidence tips into arrogance ... and then i loathe myself for it . then i come crashing down to earth with a complete lack of confidence . i ... when i am in my entp zone i am an ideas generation machine ... but it happens best when i am feeding off others . and age has alot to do with it .. i doubt i had any ideas at all when i was a teen , i ... let's all move in together ! ! let's not assume folks that it is only boys who do the seducing ! although in practice seducing an enfp is pretty much a mutual thing ... in a crowded room we just are drawn to one another ( and ... i don't know whether nz is low on entps , but it is rare to find many entps at all , and i don't know any other female entps ... sucks cos it would be nice to be able to have someone to discuss ... you sound entp . i have always typed a little towards f because of course as women we would prefer to match our social norm ... isfj ( i assume that is what uk women are meant to be , it feels like ... ok firstly i am not a guy - i am well and truly a woman . keep your gender assumptions to yourself ;-) secondly , i decided what to do with my life each time with indepth research and analysis . ... you mean they of course . because i know you didn't mean to assume that all entps are men . because that would be eliminating the possibility that wonderful women like myself didn't exist ... and ... oh dear ... 14 ? you are only a few years older than my oldest daughter . please don't read my posts ... not really pg . i didn't realise there were teens below the age of consent on this forum ... as ... 1 ) mid 40s ( can't believe it ... ) 2 ) new zealand 3 ) it's patchy ... love meeting new interesting people but terrible at maintaining friendships . i tend to be thought of as a wise woman by some ... so true ! totally disagree with this . i come up with my ideas like a bolt of lightning in the shower or when i'm walking down the street , but they are fantastic ideas . they immediately appear to me as ... this i am the devil's advocate , but i do it for good intent : love_heart :: love_heart :: love_heart : i explore my ideas through arguing - if people can get me to change my mind then i am closer to the truth ... ok so here is a serious question that may expose vulnerabilities for some entps . please do not engage in verbal sparring and your devil's advocate persona ... channel your inner enfp functions . ... well i know that my greatest strength is my ability to generate ideas ... the crazier the better , and that the brainstorming environment is where it happens . i need the presence of others to ... wait til you get til your mid 40s ! ! ! i am invincible ! ( quote from a terrible james bond movie ... only my contemporaries will recognise it ) that is so fucking true ! accept our love willingly . you rock ! ! ! : hug : hmmm . : unsure : infps ? but will they talk to us ? won't they get a bit scared ? : shocked : omg . i don't feel like this at all and i am an extreme entp . my morals absolutely define me ... to the point where i am insufferably opinionated about everything ! i am quite surprised that so ... weekend's over at this point in space-time :-( monday nearly is too ! now that depends on your point of view : wink : howdee entp boy . not sure i can chat to you , we'll end up mass debating ! need those enfps to spread the lurve : love_heart : hello ;-) sorry i'm late to the party ! new here so no idea what i'm doing ... but hey i'll wing it ! what could possibly go wrong ? ;-) : exterminate : '