' reading between the lines , here is what i see there : you basically are saying that you are not worried about other faiths coming calling ; they will not shake you ; because of your belief that your so ... my personal experience does help provide that mindset , but it is not the catalyst . if i had never been exposed to it , and someone had brought up the aspect of religion and single-minded teachings to ... wow , your text about sent my brain into a meltdown by the large purple font . yes , you can think for yourself . no one disputes that . i don't see how needy and helpless has to do with emotional ... you stopped reading because you didn't backtrack through the posts , and instead directly applied my post to the op . if you had instead looked a few posts back and saw the following you would ... no one is forcing anyone to attend a religious study camp ? yeah , ok . last i remember , when i was a child i wasn't given the option of what i wanted to do with my summers when my parents had their ... oh , i am not mistaken . it is clearly your mistaken attempt at interpreting my post . how is learning about religious studies similar to being force-fed religion ? i would not have cared much if in ... i think he is looking at the bigger picture of it all . if people bow down to religion , and prostrate themselves at some closed-minded ideal , then it ultimately damages them ( that is one ... i think op that you either need to convince here , or let her decide her own way and you decide what your future will be like . i myself have never seen anything in religion apart from how it has ... i have a vivid memory of when i was a child , and my grandfather died . i was next to the hospital bed , my father and mother weeping , and i was curious about it all , detached even and i was a little ... as far as scientists know , adhd has no root cause that has yet been established . scientists surmise that genetics may increase risk , but aren't necessarily the catalyst for the development . check ... is it me , or do infps have this characteristic detached dream-like voice ? it is just my observation , and the sample-size isn't big enough to guarantee that it is true . i've never treated handshakes seriously , and i doubt i ever will , and i work in the business world . if anything i use handshakes to my benefit because it allows a person to underestimate me or to not ... i find hugs pretty awkward no matter who it is with . what is the real point of it ? is it an attempt to fulfill an underlying biological need to touch another person ? the same applies to handshakes as ... fi is important to intjs . how do i justify this ? look at the fact this thread is falling off the main page of the intj forum before i blew it up top . yes . i enjoy being rational . and i can open up every now and then to people . believe it or not , but i can laugh or smile and i do have a sense of humor however interesting it is . however , if a ... i daydream about all kinds of stuff . some things i really could not say , because i don't remember . i could daydream and have a conversation with a doctor , or a girl i met , or anything . i can daydream ... yeah . i think you would find it difficult given you have fe in your four functions , and may feel the need to fit in , so it is easier for someone like intj or entj ( maybe intp and probably not entp ) ... this happened primarily when i was younger and really had issues of being in the clouds . one time in my teenagers i hit a period where i decided to gather all these things in my head and attempt to ... i think the military offers a good foundation for your life , and a way to structure your life how you please , but in my interaction with the military i've often had troubles with the politics , and it ... australia keeps the same calendar . the only difference between the northern and southern hemisphere is that in january it is summer in australia where it is winter in the northern hemisphere , and in ... jolly-good , right now , actually . mr . fantastic proves an amusing companion that lightens my day . good to meet you female twin . so you came from the same birthing pod that i came from ? it is good to know there is at least another like me out there . i would hate giving interviews . if i was given an interview , i wouldn't speak up much as well . i see why he was on the receiving end of the majority of the questions . they are easy to find because a lot of intjs like enfps . you also have friends in careers that intjs often get involved with . so it is not surprising , when you put together all the variables , that ... that would help , if i went outdoors much and met people . i am a recluse who stays cooped up over their computer , with only one friend . i also tend not to think myself competent enough in what i have ... i agree with facelessbeauty in this . you are probably thinking type 5 intjs . but even then , what type 5 ' s are interested in is subjective to their current outlook . i don't much like cars , or other ... ah , i see . i've discussed it with my friend , but he isn't even close to being interested in it like i am ; i've been at it for months . i usually don't focus on gauging people much . i tend to be very judgmental about people though , and have always been ; i just haven't recognized it until mbti reared up . usually when i meet someone i ... the intp forum seems to generate far more questions and responses than the intj forum . what is so bad about it ? i myself don't generally go in there often because i don't see the point to some of ... you actually approached him and asked him if he was an intj , or knew mbti ? i occasionally hold future-ortiented conversations in my mind , pre-planning answers to questions that may be asked if anyone ... - i don't ever see myself doing high-risk jobs . that strikes me as more of a dominant or possibly tertiary se than an inferior , but i can see an intj possibly doing it short-term ( and i mean ... i agree . i spent two seconds looking at the picture before i realized i didn't care , and then after reading his post i realized this post was a waste of my time . if he is a salesman , he is not ... i have no clue what you are trying to say . what does curiosity of an intj have to do with you marketing a philosophy and marketing in general ? i have read your post , and i have found some contradicting points in there . how can you put a modern day mating / breeding ground where humans unleash their inner animal-like desires in a socially ... i chose this avatar for several reasons . the first reason is ever since i was introduced to stargate , i have fallen in love with it . i have invested hundreds of hours into it , watched each series ... ^ this advice . if they care enough they will actually look through the material and try to understand you . if they don't , then you really wouldn't be compatible . if they never asked to begin with , ... [ answer ]: i help my friend out by backing them up , and assisting them whenever they need it , be it a plan , competence in assistance , or reminding them about something that i have in my structured ... i classified myself agnostic years ago simply because it was close to the truth of my beliefs ( the general idea clicked for me ) , and i didn't have the inclination to study up on all the possible ... then a ridiculous amount of people conform to this analysis of games . i will look into it though . , i do it all the time . i'll be friendly around people , and will help out , but when i am ... i currently am in the business career . while i excel at my current job , it really isn't my thing . i tolerate it , and it has its moments , but it isn't mentally challenging enough , and doesn't expand ... i've fainted only a few times in my life , but that is because i dislike blood ; i could never be a doctor . i do get easily startled though . i am often so lost in my thoughts or work , that people ... it is not arrogance , it is confidence , at least 45 % of it is . i myself think i am right unless i am proven wrong . and there is no real point to social niceties ; it is a social game people play . i ... i think intps or infjs . any extraverted types would cause a massive din , and i think i'd pull my face off . i would like to sit in on enfps for example , but they would drive me nuts . i know an enfp , ... i don't see the point of this as even intjs are different from one another , but here goes : 1 . hybrid cars ? - i believe that hybrid cars are not as developed as people make them to be , and until ... i think you can put 6 + 8 to = 14 . i need not say more . that is why you assign a weighted value . let me take a couple pros and cons of relationships as an example : pro : - companion - emotional support con : - control of your time - control of ... i do it different ways . i will give you a couple examples : - a few years ago when getting my first phone , i grabbed all the pamphlets of providers available and tabled each one in accordance with ... if it was out of their control , and she was repeatedly going on about it , i would have told her the truth that it is beyond your control , just drop it . you likely handled it wrong . i'm not saying ... to be honest , i would assume that description of a t would be an unhealthy one . besides , if a t even became involved in a relationship , that would mean they at least embrace some feeling . if i were ... do you mean tert overcoming aux ? nonsense , i can overcome my moral values if there is enough constructive logic to overcome it . now , i do hold deep values that i will not overcome , but that doesn't ... '