 shadow and bone by leigh bardugo this is my personal tumblr : kenopsxa.tumblr.com and then there's one i write about fandoms : ali-magines.tumblr.com mm ... intj ? you seem very fi-dom to me . probably infp . you don't show se-ni , but ne-si . your te isn't strong enough , but your fi is ( i was overwhelmed by fi while reading your text lmao ) . filet halsey / / new americana haha , thanks ! french is a bit difficult to learn because there are some disconnected letters that change the entire sentence . also , i'm so used to english that noun genders don't come easily to me , ... sorry , but i didn't read it all , lol . your answer to the 6th question sounds like ti / fe . from the rest ( the ones i read ) , you seem to be an entp . hello ! welcome ! i'm an infp too and your hobbies are exactly the same as mine . i'm from brazil and if there's anything you'd like to ask about the country or the language , just contact me and ... orphan black ; a show about 16 or so clones . lots of blood , badass main character ... tatmas even got the emmy this year ! outlander ; the actresses , the actors ... just perfect . the story is also ... interstellar ; the martian ; i don't watch many movies , but these two ... i loved these two so much i'm crying they're so perfect aaa i used to listen to way more k-pop songs before . i'm just following the last albums from snsd and f ( x ) , mostly because of jessica's departure from the group . i also like big bang , 4minute ( r . i . p . ) ... 1 . all i could get from your answer is that you probably use your past to make decisions now . 2 . the answer is ambiguous , lmao . either way , that could be ne . 3 . this answer scream lower fe . 4 . how ... is it just me or ... i hate changing things . when i already planned something , i feel bad if it involves someone else . if you give me the freedom to change something , i'll probably keep changing ... sorry for the lack of explanation . possibilities and details . tell how do you think about your future and your past . are you living the moment ? by that i mean , do you agree that you don't have ... he's probably lazy to deal with people . i'd be annoyed if someone changed the plans like that , lmao . but that's just me , though . when he asked you if you were going out that night , probably it's ... keep it simple , but give me details , please . i'll try my best . do you see possibilities ? are you alert and aware of the environment around you ? do you remember details ? if so , please , tell us ... i'm absolutely in love with my patronus . i didn't know what to expect and it was a big surprise ( cats ftw ! ) . since i got hufflepuff and ravenclaw on pottermore tests , i would choose ravenclaw ... first of all , hello ! i wasn't so sure of where to place this thread , so i started it here ! and sorry if there's one of this already ; i wanted to do my own . do you know about pottermore ? possibly , ... i get isfp vibes from her . although i haven't seen many interviews to discuss about it . i'm not sure if being the class clown or liking psychology makes you a thinker or feeler . have you studied the cognitive functions ? it might be a little easier to help you from there . if not , here's ... i'm dating an estp . do you have any questions or need some help ? i can give you some ideas ! :) i'm in a relationship with an estp . basically , i'm always in my own world and he's always focusing on people around him . enough said . portuguese - native . english - studied for 4 years and talking to native speakers helped me a lot . korean - learned the alphabet and a few words . i plan to continue learning it . japanese - studied ...