' when people think that you are lazy . but you are exact opposite as you are always relentlessly pondering upon some big problem . and people are completely amazed when you are able to solve their ... when you understand the whole gamification of the personality cafe where you earn badges , honors and post ranks . then you realize that the real life is not too different where you earn degrees and ... cosmo kramer from seinfeld series i am good at almost everything .. but there are few things in which no one can beat me ... when you find a solution of a math problem which you were struggling with , while reading a book on philosophy . it is amazing how we make connections on seemingly different things ... godfather shawshank redemption life is beautiful limitless inglorious basterds memento dark knight no man's land silence of the lambs prestige i think some of the functions are more dominant than others for a given personality . for example : entps are renowned for their dominant extroverted intuition .. you know you are an entp when you have the mastered the sacred art of stichomancy for understanding anything where in you : 1 . find a question . 2 . get a book and open a random page from it . 3 . read ... we shit gold .. this is a good one .. we emit awesomeness and people come clinging to us to show them more awesomeness :) me too ... when i am surrounded by boring people , i automatically go into ti mode .. please don't be a troll .. this is so true .. there are so many things in life which people work so hard and make such a big deal about it . we entps frankly do not care for most of them , yet we get them with so much ease . it is amazing how our ne rescues us when we hit a major road block . :) funnel analogy is a great way of visualizing the relationship of ne and ti in entp ... this guy is definitely entp ... 1 . pure awesomeness 2 . energy dynamite 3 . jack of none , master of everything i just love our awesome ne , it takes us to so many interesting places . because of ne , we never get bored and can find sth interesting in any situation , place or time . at the same time , ti serves as a ... fellow entps .. was curious .. in what situations and when are you guys in ne mode and when are you in ti mode ? i am predominantly in ne mode until i feel less energetic and tired . that is when i go ... rock yup ... charming others and spreading our infectious enthusiasm for life is definitely our way . :) you know you are an entp when you mastered the fine art of delegating things to other people and other people enthusiastically doing it for you . :) we are great igniters of a new idea . we generally have loyal followers who are diligent enough to follow up on our awesome ideas . there are so many great ideas out there and so little time ; so we ... it happens to me all the time . you meet someone and you know so many things about him , but you don't his name .. new experience , new things and new people drives us . you know you are an entp when you have two modes : exuberant mode and thinking mode . in exuberant mode , you are cheerful , optimistic and oozing with energy and enthusiasm . in this mode , you constantly ... problems are not stop signs , they are guidelines . robert schuller what i love most about myself is our amazing ability to continuously draw parallels between different situations , things , people , etc . this is the reason why we are able to keep up with so many ... believe you can and you're halfway there . theodore roosevelt phrases i avoid .. impossible challenging cant do it sorry you know you are an entp when you have so many diverse hobbies ranging from making exotic woodwork to flying airplanes to playing in local football league . what i love about myself .. people have a hard time discerning whether i am a genius or a clown ( as i am making fun of people all the time ) . you can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world , but when you're finished , you'll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird ... so let's look at the bird and see what it's ... interesting stuff .. you know you are an entp when after having thanksgiving dinner , you went for a stroll outside and then decided to go stand in line for thanksgiving shopping even though you have not idea about the ... what i inferred from the quote is that you will find something interesting if you are patient and just do it . for example , i hate doing laundry . i just kept postponing for ever . finally , i mustered ... you know you are an entp when in a meeting someone makes a point which does not make sense , you are first one to speak up and ask him for clarification . you know you are an entp when you take a different route to work every day . because of this , you know every small road in the city and people are amazed by your awesome direction sense . having once decided to achieve a certain task , achieve it at all costs of tedium and distaste . the gain in self-confidence of having accomplished a tiresome labor is immense . arnold bennett i think this thread is a treasure trove of information about entps . somebody should organize all the information in this thread and publish it as a book how to be a visionary ? i guarantee it would ... for me too , it is not very frequent and people around me hardly notice it . during my downtime , ti takes over and i am generally trying to take stock of the current situation and contemplating and ... ... when you are tinkering with your old mp3 player and think whether the design is optimal . you wonder why there is so the space between the circuit board and casing , what is the material used in ... you know you are an entp when you start looking for something and found something interesting to play with . after playing with it for some time , you think it would nice if you find this another thing ... when i think of an entp , i think of true renaissance man , a man who is good in so many things well said butifnot .. you know that you are an entp when you are more interested in the process rather than the end result itself . you went to college not for the degree but for all the fun stuff ... imagine dragon '