' i'm a 4w5 . many i feel are mistyped , i haven't met any infjs in my life either and i've met so many people . strangehours - thank you for your insightful and inspiring contribution . relate to the isolationist phase - though mine was only 6 months of living alone , barely leaving the place ( only for ... totally feel this especially about the meaning that once seemed so expansive all at once diminishes and snuffs out and i'm only left with the memory of having felt it ( or anything ) at all . that is ... haba aba daba aba , what a beautiful post ( the whole thing ) , thank you so much for sharing that . breaking it down : i resonate with this so deeply it's unreal . it's pathetically small things ... thanks so much for your input . i know , in my being , that these cycles are as you say , not just detours but necessary to a meaningful existence ( something us infjs really place value upon ) . i think ... posted on reddit but would appreciate thoughts here as am really lost right now and infj perspectives would be so valued . — the last few weeks i've just been overcome with negative energy and ... maybe i should write a screenplay about the tragic comedy that is my life . : rolleyes :: wink : i mean the owner of rooming house . live in landlord . very entangled in my social sphere . very outgoing . very .. very . this situation has at times made me consider moving cities . i even told entp ... i concur ! i'm looking forward to tuscany . on i side note , i was thinking about what would happen if me and entp did get ... physical . in terms of sexual roles . i have a feeling we'd both be ... i love you , you're awesome . you're right , all is not lost . i do seem to be in that protected zone , quite possibly , and i can see that's something entps only reserve for a select few . he seems very ... quit your bullshit or i'll end you made me laugh out loud ! it's what i wish i could do , but i can't in this situation . unfortunately it has come to my attention this whole saga is much more ... it does look that way . but now there's new challenges . oh , life . he doesn't wear glasses , and nor do i , just to clear that one up once and for all . : wink : gah , i'm so confused , lost , angry , sad , conflicted . i want to go in more detail but feel a bit weird doing ... no , that wasn't last night in the end . i thought it was but it's not for a few days ... he turned up where i was yesterday and things developed from there . also , it's fine , ha , if we didn't ... yeah , he knows everything . the good news is we're very open with communication about stuff . but the bad news is this third party is causing some trouble very passive aggressively . i guess it will ... just as i knew what to do and was going to do it , bam it gets way more complicated . arghh ! ! ! sorry to bust the banterous conversation , usually i'd be down for laughs but ... ... .. . can one of you entp light beams facilitate me being in a room with a lot of glass and other ... yeah . i guess deep down i can tell a bit of a verbal heads up is good , it's hard though . probably should just go with what feels right in the moment , though it's hard to know and also hard to do this ... what do you think then ? get him on his own , flirt a bit then just go straight in for the kiss ? or state it verbally : i think we should ... got it . thanks for that - makes sense . so i need to set clear intent of wanting to do something . again this makes real sense and i thank you for taking the time to explain it so well . i ... oh . i thought that would be a good idea . it's the truth , though - how would you recommend i convey it differently ? oh gee ... i'm now blaming myself for not communicating properly and making you all impatient and huffy . even complaining about feelers not taking advice in another thread . well ... i'll try and ... i really do appreciate your encouragement and i'm likely going to ; but can i ask why it's all up to me ? i've realised i'm not fearing rejection here as i'm happy with either outcome . absolutely killing me to the point where i feel like i'm going crazy . he's said jokes about how when he doesn't think about me i don't exist , and how he might not exist himself . i want to write a ... wow . thanks so much for all the responses . i read every single one in full and i think i concur with the consensus . those who said the fact he hasn't said no or confirmed anything shows he is not ... agh . to cut a tediously long story short - met entp recently ( male , also male - i am predominately straight but open to same-sex ) - hit it off immediately . have met up a lot since , messaged ... what about if you don't know they like you that way , and don't want to appear arrogant in presuming such / bringing up the subject directly if they just see you as a friend ? just curious - if you are aware someone might like you more than a friend , and you really like them ( yet as a friend but nothing more ) how do you go about friend zoning them ? i . e . keeping them in ... thanks for the response carla . i just want to make sure i'm communicating my self to him the best way , in a way he will understand and most easily be able to interpret . i can't push him or force ... trust me i feel this ! just don't know what to do ! ! ! more and more going on . he's lightened up and seems to be happier . i've noticed he often initiates physical contact by accident , which is fine ... yet more time has been spent , yet more strong affection has been experienced . the affection is high but in short bursts in between him being rigid / distant . he pulls me in often and has initiated his ... thanks for the reply kayaycee , and for actually stomaching my convoluted clusterfuck of a post . ;) i wish he was an infj , or an enfj like you , as you understand my language whereas i think an intj ... convoluted update time for you kind people to decrypt . we've ended up seeing each other loads over the last week , both with other friends ( including the girl ) and twice just the two of us . he ... he's brushed up against me ( accidentally , or accidentally on purpose ) twice or three times . it's always been subtle but it's seemed like a i need to grab something just there , you're near there , so ... i completely see where you're coming from and again am grateful for your response ; my only issue with the direct approach is if he isn't ready to admit his feelings , or doesn't even know what they ... i would agree but with the sexuality element it seems it's not as cut and dry as that . also don't overthink it is an impossible thing for me to do , just sayin ' . impossible . i simply must evaluate ... the thing is she has said she sees him as a brother and nothing more ever ( they've known each other for years and went to school together ) , and made a point of that to me . she is really easy to ... thanks . one of our friends has arranged an evening next week which will just be the 3 of us . see the thing is i think he loves her . so my latest theory is that he wants her and is worried she wants ... i've wondered that my whole life . ;) i'm ashamed to say i've run scared . call it self-destructive , call it self-protecting . spent about 5 hours reading threads about intjs yesterday ( i might ... we were somewhat inebriated though . that's why i'm sort of dismissing that as being of major significance , even though i guess it probably is . it was so intense , then over and done with . thank ... food for thought , thank you to everyone for their replies and encouragement , it's really promising to read . i was half expecting you intjs to just be like um no . :D i am kinda scared about this , ... okay not love , but this is grim . i really like this intj i met a while ago . we clicked straight away in a group ( from a distance i might add , i clocked he was deep and awesome and i was later told ... note added at end : ugh , this post is such a rambling mess x97 okay hello people ! this is going to sound a bit paranoid / crazy but hear me out , because i'm of ( fairly :p ) stable mind and this is ... i fricking identify with and love that response so much ! will definitely use some of those tactics on the vampires i know . i think infjs make it easy for others to take what they want / need from the infj , and not feel bad about not fulfilling any of the infj's needs . i think it's possibly because we are so intuitively ... energy vampires ! arrrghhh they kill me , especially the ones masquerading as friends . you get stuck in a loop of wondering if they are aware of what they're doing or not , then self-reproach for ... this thread is very interesting to me . the biggest challenge for me is identifying if these energy vampires do it on purpose , or if it's because introverted types are easier to mine for energy . as ... '