' this seems like the feeling that you do have is fi , to me . you also seem like you're probably sp ( enneagram instinctual variant--different system but you might want to look at that too as that can ... oops , just wanted to say i don't know why i suggested istj at first when you said you didn't use te . since you revised yourself , it's a moot point , but still odd of me to say . then it would seem that you're either istj or intp . i'm getting an istj feel from your questionnaire , but i wouldn't put too much worth into that . what i would do is what you seem to be doing : ... interesting . actually , one of the persons questioning my type seemed to be getting fairly disproportionately upset herself , although i don't really want to go too much into it here . thanks ; i'll look at these shortly . yes , and yes i started filling out the enneagram form and found a lot of the questions oddly difficult to answer . in any event , thanks ! locked up , as in , not visible to other people ? sensitivity can be kept internal . no need to apologise . i wasn't claiming atypicality with any particular glee ; just observing that a lot of people have issues with my typing . pretty atypical , i suppose . it might be accurate to say that lately my emotions have dominated my psyche , but that is not my normal state ( over the course of my life , that is ) , nor does it appear to ... yes , it's been noted that you disagree . i don't think i have much lingering doubt . i'd say i think i'm an intj , although obviously ( from what i'm quoting , among others ) this thread hasn't really been conclusive . some who disagree have ... i take the point . i'll probably do this sometime in the nearish future . do you think that would rule out intj then ? that seems like an unusual combination , to say the least . 4 description actually seems to imply nf temperament . i was wondering if anyone else would pick up anything neish about me , but based on what i know about the two ( ni and ne ) i'm fairly sure i prefer the former . interesting . aren't infps reputed to be the most sensitive type ? the infjs i've met in fora actually seem rather thick-skinned , although that's a small sample size . i'm definitely introverted . well , this is the problem with the two inf types , is that what you're saying doesn't work with the theory . i assume you think the classical functions theory is wrong then--and why so ? i identify ... interesting ; i know a rather sensitive entp . i think you're right . ok , so in #16 , here's what i was talking about : i got in a little quarrel with someone online because i felt he was condescending to me by taking a very harsh , commanding tone in response to a bit ... to first question , i think the former . although my mind is like that , to a certain extent . to the second question , i would say the former , although it is nice if a person whose judgement i ... oh , and just as another thing , in the context of a relationship , what's most important to me is love , understanding , acceptance and affection . just because i think this was initially one of the ... ah , maybe . your name seems familiar . i might make an enneagram post too . i'm either a 5w4 or a 4w5 . as usual , it's hard for me to tell , and of course very few intjs are 4s ( or vice versa ) . ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? it's mostly the emotional aspect . the distinction between feeling and thinking has caused me no end of difficulty in that which ... ok , so there's another thread around here somewhere where i was basically definitively typed as ( and accepted as my type ) intj , mostly on the strength of the cognitive functions . the thing is , the ... heh , thanks . actually , having spent a lot of time in fora for all four in types , i feel the most at home among intjs by quite a bit . not really unsure , although i guess this was the last little ... this , pretty much . ok . thanks , it's good to know i'm not alone among intjs in this . hi intjs , i had pretty much come to a conclusion about my type ( being an intj ) by means of this thread ( ) . ... 1 . ) geniuses haven't taken an iq test , so i don't know . 2 . ) psychopaths no 3 . ) no feelings no , i just don't vomit them all over the place . 4 . ) atheist ok , it's tiny . click on it and it will become big . i'm a technological imbecile . 19167 well , this is awkward . apparently i have to type at least ten characters . hopefully this will work . often indecisive lacking in self-confidence hard to get past some emotions like stuffed animals :) and they stick despite that you're abrasive , offensive , and inexpressive . i agree . actually , i'll make a confession you may not agree with . gay men make me feel good because they're the only people who have ever chased me . i've come to think women don't really like ... i'm so self-absorbed in my own feelings , so desiring of other people to stop judging me or telling me what to do to better my situation or getting impatient with me , but just to understand me and ... why ? ( and , more implicitly , why them and not intps and infjs ? ) curious because i was just now deciding which of those two types i was , while discarding intp and infj . i can too , fwiw . oops , never mind also , you seem a bit more prone to se than to si . # 3 seemed like a chance to exercise your si , yet you didn't really take it . si is one of the functions of infp . hm . well , as you know since you were a recent commentor on mine own thread , i'm no expert on typing people . but you sound like an intj to me . you certainly don't fit the common view of intjs ... i do appreciate the infp welcome . but , from most of the arguments made here , and also from the understanding i got of ni from this post ... oh . i thought that was just them malfunctioning .  ... ;) somewhat ; thanks . not to put you out , but what are some ne traits ( just to be able to contrast ) ? i can certainly identify with the inexistance of fe . but , i'm interested in how you became sure of your ni orientation ? i am having a bit of a problem understanding the difference between ne ... thanks :) few things seem nicer than to be crushed on by an infp . oddly enough , regarding the dom-tert loops site , i have avoidant personality disorder ... although i should add as an addendum to this probably worthless observation , that given your response to myexplodingcat's question , you're more likely a ti-using type , ie not an infp ( which uses te ) . you kind of seemed more like an infp than an intp to me for this reason too , although i am not at all an expert on these things ( obviously ) . i also use smileys and suchlike more than most intjs ( if ... thanks myexplodingcat . that's a helpful ti / fi exercise . until there are actually exercises like that i often find the cognitive functions confusing . ha , point taken . thanks everyone . maethirion makes a good point about intjs . actually , i say a few things in the original post about several types that may not generally be true , i just thought they were ... also , i've been getting 4 on enneagram tests over the last couple of days ( albeit with 5 close behind ) , which seems very strange for intj . '