' how often do you stay up ? any time i have the opportunity . sometimes i will make myself go to bed early if i have to get up the next day earlier than normal , but i usually push the limits ... sun : aries ( fire - choleric ) moon : virgo ( earth - melancholic ) rising : scorpio ( water - phlegmatic ) no wonder people find me confusing at times . i wasn't a huge fan of classical music when i was a kid . my dad used to force us to listen to it on long car rides . my sisters and i preferred the popular stations , of course . but , i loved playing ... boring , technical possible answer here ... i think se and ne can have a tendency to come across as playful , which can come across as child-like to some . i feel for you . : sad : i lived with my in-laws for a few excruciatingly long months . ( to make matters worse , i was also pregnant with morning sickness at the time . ) i don't know my ... yes , we are best friends and mindmates . we laugh a lot . not too many fights , but when we do fight it's pretty big . then we return back to our usual ways which usually include the same habits that ... i always thought i was an obvious introvert , but when i told this to my sister she was pretty surprised about it . so , i guess i don't always come off as being introverted . if i am comfortable with ... i am married to an entp , enneagram 8 . he is very charismatic , and can be a pretty big jerk to people when in the right mood . a charismatic jerk . he pulls it off somehow and he can charm most ... music , self , spatial 1 ) what is your current career / occupation ? piano teacher 2 ) do you enjoy / love it ... or just do it because you need to ? i do enjoy it . i don't like the business side as much as the teaching ... i have a bachelors of music in piano pedagogy i think your insults and name calling is very infantile . :P you draw really well ! if you are drawing people , i've noticed the feeling is mostly in the eyes . that is usually where you look to tell if someone has a genuine smile . so perhaps experiment with ... since i started the whole control thing , i will try to explain a bit what i meant . i can only speak for myself here . i am just getting through a time in my life where well-meaning people ... i agree that it really doesn't matter . same difference in my mind . sorry , i gave you advice that you did not want . to answer your original question . no , i don't think isfps are any more selfish than any other type . i forget that my entp husband has feelings ... the biggest thing that i learned from being in a long term relationship ( 18 years ) is that you need to accept the other person as they are ( it took me 10 years to figure this out ) . if being on time , ... i still don't see your point . everybody has a different idea of what a pretty little thing is . if i collect pretty rocks and seashells from the beach , would that make me materialistic ? if i ... one can be attracted to pretty objects without needing to own them . so , if we are going to get picky , the question should be if isfps value beautiful objects more than spiritual , intellectual , or ... i can relate to a lot of what others have said here . i had one friend that i have really good memories about . i enjoyed being with her because she was my first friend that i could spend 24 hours ... i have only really been in love once , and i am married to that guy . the love i feel now is quite a bit different than when i first met him . in the beginning , it was like an incredible rush every ... my husband complains that i speak too quietly and tend to mumble . then when i try to project my voice to answer his question , he accuses me of yelling at him . can't win . lol . both my older sisters ... i have at least one friend that really enjoys his cannabis . i'm not about to hold that against him . he's a pretty good guy . i just wanted to represent a different side . ( in other words , i like ... i have a problem with this too . it just happened to me last night . i haven't found out a surefire cure for it yet , but some nights i have success with getting up and doing some form of exercise . ... for me , unless i have had a really , really bad day , i default to the gentle , understanding side . which if i am not careful , can turn me more into an enabler than anything else . i have had to ask ... i still make lists , but i am getting smarter about it . i don't spend all day doing it . i don't make lists that cover more than one day . and , i am finding that a list of about 3 things is just ... i also agree with ryrymini . i think the strength lies in knowing when to act and when to step back . the only drugs i've used are caffeine and alcohol . i can get a pretty good psychedelic experience by closing my eyelids and looking at the pretty patterns . i can also get a pretty decent high when ... i am a night owl , and like to sleep in . i usually sleep on my side near the edge of the bed . hugging a pillow is nice . :) i have to have the blankets down by my feet loose . i can't stand having ... i am often attracted to extroverted people , because i feed off of their energy in social situations ( i just made myself sound like a parasite . haha . ) i am a completely different person depending on ... i never thought of that possibility . that is really freaky . now i am going to have to find a way to forget about it . lol . yes , the only solution that i can think of for me to be really organized would be to get rid of the unnecessary stuff i don't want to deal with . but , i haven't figured out how to keep the stuff from ... the older i get the more i look up to my father . he is not a perfect man by any means , but i can look back and appreciate his ( and my mom's ) decisions on how to raise my sisters and i . they were ... i don't mind that you talk about yourself . it was interesting that you mentioned that entp's thought of themselves as machines , because my entp husband says that about himself often and he takes it ... my husband has this amazing potential that is mixed in with some pretty strong self-defeating behaviors . he has an incredible vision in his life , but doesn't always take into account other important ... just me again . i just found this bit of verse . ( edit to add that i found it at infj.com ) my husband tends to take the fixing attitude about life , i tend to take the serving attitude . i have some ... i have noticed that i am one of the few people that is immune to his charming ways when it comes to influence ( though i am probably not as immune as i think . lol . ) . he has amazing powers of ... i see a lot of my husband and me in sphereofsilence's post above . i am 35 . i started dating my husband ( entp ) the end of our junior year of high school . we had a rocky romance through college ... wow . i started out in the isfp forum and started a thread about organizing . it was politely ignored . lol . i let the entp in our house do the mopping . he is much better at it than i am . if i have typed my husband and myself correctly , i am an isfp married to an entp . we have been together since 1992 ( i am too lazy to do the math at the moment ) . i would not call it an easy ... when i first took the personality test , i tested as infp . i guess i may be one , but it didn't seem to fit me . and the funny thing , like handiace wrote , i have some sort of need to be in the ... my husband is an entp . the genders are switched here , but maybe this will help ... we met in high school . he pursued me ( which was an abosolute thrill . he once ran 3 miles to my house because his ... i can relate to a bit of what you are saying . i worry a lot about things that i cannot do anything about . it will cause insomnia to the point where i am still awake at 7 am and i started to worry ... i have a tendency to want to do everything myself , too . i do not work well in groups . i often take over the project and micro manage things . it may be that i do not trust others to do it up to my ... : laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing : for me , i just like things to be a certain way . if they aren't in that certain way , i get a little obsessed over it . i don't do this for everything , just certain things . i think i am more ... when i first met my entp husband in high school , he was an overly honest person . he was fearless when it came to telling the truth , and would often use it to shock people almost to the point where ... i used to pride myself on my abnormalities , i am slowly working my way back to that peaceful existence . i think preferring books and tv shows over people is definitely an introverted thing . i ... my grandparents used to live in the middle of nowhere . when they moved to a new house , my grandma packed up all the things that she liked and wanted to keep . then they left everything they didn't ... '