' ... tony abbott proves to be a more challenging opposition leader to himself than bill shorten has ( i swear not putting any faith in politicians really ... i do enjoy languages yeah , i find it keeps the brain active along other things , i can speak 4 reasonably fluently and others that i'm learning ... not that well : laughing : he is ? oh yeah isn't his ... do you still live in pakistan ? i'm guessing you don't live there anymore ( that's just a guess based on your typing though ) . i enjoy geography and history , the middle east / asia's history and ... yeah i'm australian haha . that looks horrible to state the obvious . with pakistani cricketers being named i'm almost saddened that their greatest bowler wasim akram hasn't been named yet : laughing : shukran laka :) . it's a very beautiful language , though it is very difficult ( probably one of the most difficult ) i don't see why people don't learn it , i've just always found it one of the most ... umm i'll take that as a compliment ? haha , i kind of can read but i do get stumped quite a bit , i basically have to when reading go what is that then search it and then the rest of the sentence makes ... na'am qalil , i first started learning a few years ago when i was 16 , i had an interest in simply islam as a religion but more so the arabic language as a whole , i've always found it a beautiful ... masaa ala khayr kaifa haluk ? , while i'm not a muslim , ramadan kareem sadeeqa :) ( apologies for typing mistakes or if there's any offense taken from anyone ) . excuse the intrusion but given you've said other than hakeem is kareem still allowed as a response ? :D sadly not me personally , it's likely too expensive to live there : tongue : ( and too hot ? ) i usually get along pretty well with enfp's ... though annoyingly their over emotional tendencies tend to rub off and me and ... i don't really like that : tongue : , then again that's just based on my ... i shall find either a way or make one ' tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all . i would rather live a short life of glory than a long one of obscurity to ... ... i'm not sure on that ... can you get away with murder if it counts as doing a public service / a service that benefits humanity ? : laughing : i honestly don't know what is sacred anymore or private ... or really what actually there is to venture in terms of reality tv ... there's been marriage at first sight ; childbirth , shows like jersey ... i'm guessing the ratings weren't good enough but it was in a very average time slot and once you included those that recorded episodes etc , if you tallied it all up i thought it performed at least ... as you noted , he's a character with a tortured past he kind of has to be the extreme ( the extreme unempathetic mastermind ... kind of the anti-hero but still the protagonist none the less ) . i agree on ... death is nothing , but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily . - napoleon probably the relaxation that sketching offers ( although then when i stuff up the perfectionism kind of ruins the peace and relaxation part : laughing :) .  well that's made replying to the thread / original question mute : laughing : but oh well why not . little surprising though , if you didn't like it within 100 pages i was going to say you probably ... blake shinn suffers wardrobe malfunction at canterbury racecourse i thought this was worth noting / just for amusement cue the least you can't say he didn't have a crack one liners . on a more ... no i don't find it easy to stop thinking at all , usually there's something going on in my mind to think about , it's probably one of the reasons i struggle to get to sleep , i guess i have a lot of ... punctual - i think it's more my upbringing that has affected that but to the best of my ability i want to be early , i can't stand being late , i consider it to be tardiness and disrespectful when ... this post could drag on a bit : simply in terms of a mask i have often been told in the past i can be too cold or harsh so i have learnt to alter that , the good old attract more bees with honey ... somewhere between 2 and a half - 3 days , thanks to insomnia . it hasn't been that bad for a fair few years but i still struggle to sleep i have to go to bed earlier just so i can get a decent number ... when someone offends you , do you respond well ? do you let it roll off your shoulder and move on ? what if the offense is perpetual and even , perhaps , increases in intensity ? it tends to depend ... i first typed as an intj , before i had even actually done any tests i'd just seen it and was researching i asked my closest two friends what they thought i was like before i did it ( kind of a joke at ... on the topic question , yes cuddling and hugging does mean something to me , i'm not exactly the most comfortable when it comes to physical contact although i can tolerate it it's not the most natural ... i'm quite similar to some of the others in regards to expressing my thoughts . i can be either too brief in which i keep things very concise and then that leaves people thinking i haven't explained ... i honestly don't remember your profile ... well that's awkward , ah well . hi , how are you today ? : laughing : - bnova ellencherrycharles melchiz navyw optimist mind pzelda study uncovers mechanisms of cancer-causing mutations - - sciencedaily one of the few times i allow my emotions and heart to overrule my head and it ends up working out rather average , never ignore your own logic and rationalising in favour of your ' passion ' . intj - ways that i am like : - perfectionist - strategic - very determined - stubborn 1 . why do people say that intjs hate humanity / people ? assumptions probably . you would have to ask the ' people ' as to why they think that . personally i don't hate humanity or people , while i don't ... - you know you're a thinker when people often confuse you looking at them for being angry when it's simply i'm considering your point and thinking about it but then they persist in asking multiple ... i'd agree with pretty much all of that post , it is a great shame , i find the greek word demagogue or demagoguery to be quite accurate in describing the approach of australian politics at the moment , ... in response to the first part if were being honest what percent of politicians actually get into politics to help ? i've always truly thought there were very few that were legitimate in their ... probably the hardest thing for me to fathom is how someone who actually by no means is an idiot well when you look into his educational background as both a rhodes scholar and also both the primary ... abbott eats raw brown onion , skin and all , during tasmanian farm visit - 9news.com.au well at least he provides a great example so that parents and teachers can say now listen kids ... set your ... if i was in a more charged up mood i would passionately agree with you but after 2 weeks just virtually no time alone unless i was sleeping i'm not energised enough to haha ... thank goodness i have a ... i have probably two best friends , one that is an istj and the other is an enfj , the i guess truer best friend in terms of the one that can help at the few points where i am feeling average ... i'm calmer now i swear ... i could have used much more profanity : tongue : , unfortunately i'm not a robot i haven't been able to kill all my empathy just yet : wink : your results : intrapersonal intelligence intrapersonal intelligence is centered on being aware of one's own thoughts , feelings and motivations . people who are strong in this type of intelligence are ... i cannot stand it when someone believes that they have an opinion that is virtually concrete in fact , yet it is actually without any foundation whatsoever because the information that they have used ... te ( extroverted thinking ) (8 0 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) (8 0 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... i can somewhat empathise , i was at a similar point in studying mathematics and physics which i needed a pass for both of those to study what i actually wanted to which was the advanced level physics , ... it's probably obvious when you're playing monopoly instead of waiting for your turn especially when there's bidding and negotiations your silently text messaging to raise up the price or out do them ... i did once consider being a surgeon but changed my mind on that , probably the road not taken although my options are somewhat open i'm relatively stubborn maybe a doctor in another life but then i'm ... '