' that's how keirsey figures it in his books--though he mentions it only in passing . but there's an in-depth discussion of it here . oh yeah--i forgot about those four temperaments ( sanguine , phlegmatic , melancholic , choleric ) . they're often called the four humors , and they're centuries older than jung or myers or keirsey . but ... nothing . but this thread hardly seems the place for it , since the op is just asking about the basics and clearly isn't ready to be getting into any advanced debates . i've never actually read anything by ayn rand . but i like that she apparently talked up individualism and personal freedom / responsibility , and that she talked down collectivism and irresponsible ... to learn to give and receive divine love . that's what my spiritual path , eckankar , teaches . but it's also very personal to me , as it has been the center of my life for over forty years . jung came first , publishing his thoughts in psychological types and other works . but he did not devise the kind of neatly categorized personality typing we do today . he probably didn't even believe ... yes and no . as a boy , i was more sensitive and hesitant than most , and my ex-paratrooper dad sometimes called me names in an attempt to get me to man up . i think i developed some stubbornness ... after spending most of my life believing and insisting that i'm unique and my life is especially meaningful , i've come to realize that basically i'm just like everybody else . that thought would ... why , that reminds me of the point . keirsey calls infp the healer . he also writes that nfs probably developed from the need for healers in primitive society . knowing separation and conflict better than most , and being especially ... ditto to everything posted above . but i have to admit that the peak of my nostalgic period is behind me now . i turned sixty this year , and for the past couple decades i've noticed that i just ... in the sense that life is basically all about conquering fear , i can agree . even anger and shame ( associated with the gut and heart triads respectively ) are manifestations of fear . you conquer ... but keep in mind that an infp can also be an enneagram type 9 , or a 6 ( like me ) , or a 1 - - or any other type really , but usually 1 , 4 , 6 , or 9 . type 4 is best at doing the brooding , self-suffering ... you might want to have a look at this pdf document . scroll down to mbti ® type and conflict pairs , and read that section as well as understanding others in conflict . fps have a unique approach ... wow , therese ! i had been thinking maybe perc wasn't worth my time . thanks for proving me wrong . there are important things to learn here--and some great teachers . i'll be digesting your reply for a ... spirituality is important to me ; it's the only thing you can take with you , so it's the only thing that really lasts and ultimately all that matters . there's nothing wrong with the material world ; ... i'm not . i'm the same ... as , uh , everybody who's different , i guess . i'm too old for teenage angst , though . but back in the day , i used to sing this song : ... thanks for that clue . i'm going to take it to heart and see what i can do with it . meanwhile , just fyi--and in line with the general discussion here--as an infp , i'm feeling anything but apathy . i ... henry ford got depressed over the same sort of thing , for the same reason . then he learned about reincarnation , and it gave his life new meaning . he realized that his work was part of a greater ... in sympathy for your bf , i have to ask you to please restrain yourself from voicing your knee-jerk reaction . my intj wife has the same kind of reaction , and i know that because it often comes right ... that's good to hear ! because of your tone , i was worried about those things . i'm a lifelong language hobbyist ( and i'm sixty , so it hasn't been a short life ) . learning languages is hard , and as ... y'know , i think that if you just turn that triangular piece a bit , it'll fit into the square hole . ( maybe not , but worth a try . ) on a serious note , what do you have to give ? you apparently want ... sorry , we infps can't do solutions . inferior te , you know . we're much better at making problems more complicated . : wink : relationships can be silent , or mostly so . it depends on what the two ... your conclusion would be welcome ... if it could be trusted . unfortunately , socionics defines the cognitive processes ( functions ) somewhat differently than mbtt . also , the reinin dichotomies are ... can the future not be different than the past ? and are there no kinds of work you haven't tried ? * * * how are you at relationships ? it's kind of old-fashioned , but you could hook up with ... lol . truckers all suffer from insomnia--often self-induced . that's how you get in those extra miles ( though you also have to be creative with your logbook entries ) . regarding your initial ... travel there . or not , if it's too much of a hassle . find one . or just do taxes myself instead . <shrug> i probably just pick one of the five . if i don't like any of ' em , i wish for more ; if ... i was a truck driver once . i worked for a nonprofit company , and we had seminars in cities across the country . we had been renting trucks to carry our material to seminars , but it got to where we ... i would suggest starting with keirseyan temperament . it shows overall patterns of sps ( artisans ) and nfs ( idealists ) , and they're quite distinctive . i'm an infp , and i have a couple isfp friends ... hey , the title says forced to wear . you don't get a choice . * * * so , uh , i guess mine would say , warning : pedantic * * * but some who know me would have it say , all talk and no action . imo it's can be so hard to get one's primary enneagram type right that it's what everybody except advanced students ought to be doing . even the wing should be ignored in the beginning . and no fair ... more like putting the puzzle of life together in her mind , verbally welcoming each new piece she picks up . introverts are all self-absorbed . not selfish or self-centered necessarily , but ... guess i'm just comparing notes here now , rather than trying to be helpful . it's interesting to meet another intj-infp couple , if only in this online forum . on the topic of shared interests , ... that's some pretty good self-awareness there ! it alone should serve as excellent bridge-building material . sounds like you'd have an easier time with me , if acts of service are so important to ... i don't have an answer , but the awww reminds me of a woman i've worked with for years . she sits a few cubicles down , and every time she sneezes , it's like she's making a big announcement to the ... i skimmed part 2 , because something in part 1 struck me as a fallacy . i don't believe the rational decision maker necessarily ought to be at the wheel . he's an allegory for thinking--te in ... that seems to have been true for my intj wife as well . she'd have peaked in her career and retired by now if it hadn't been for other people--especially higher-ups . intjs have their strengths and can ... i think i was fifteen when this song came out . are you one ? if not , what do you think a teenager feels like ? and how is the way you feel different ? speaking of that . . . well , i don't want to confuse you with too much information , but there's a perhaps more fundamental communication-style difference that you might look into , if you haven't : ... i recently took the test for the 5 love languages here , and my results were these : 10words of affirmation 9physical touch 5quality time 4acts of service 2receiving gifts i forwarded ... ah , of course you're mainly wanting to fix the problem . you see , that's ( astoundingly to you , no doubt ) something that didn't really cross my infp mind . but it's something my intj wife brings up over ... i laughed out loud at your post , nitrogen--not because i'm unsympathetic , but because i'm an infp who's been married to an intj for twenty-eight years . what you wrote sounded so much like what i've ... i've been a language hobbyist for most of my sixty years . my native language is english , so it's what seems normal to me . i guess i'm more interested in the structure of a language and the associated ... maybe . more generally , i think the teen years are the romantic age of life , and infps are usually romantics . there's angst in that , but there's much more besides . do you entjs have a favorite ... that reminds me--when i was young , people sometimes told me i acted like an old man . as a child i sometimes wished i were a retired old man , because that image seemed appealing to me when i saw it on ... i've read that several times too , and i like to think it's true . but i'm not sure how i'd explain it in terms of cognitive functions . people ( teachers , friends , and native speakers of other ... it's the ideal match according to socionics--the dual relation . i've always kinda wanted to meet an attractive female estj just to test it out ( even though i've long been happily married to an ... first , congratulations to stiletto . second--lol , because i've been seeing these so-and-so is a robot threads for a week or two , and up until now i always guessed they were exposes of spam ... i was always shy but also much more social as a child . in third and fourth grade , i used to be a little playboy , chasing flocks of girls around the schoolyard . my relationships--good and bad--with ... '