' i didn't know what that was until i googled it just now . i've had this skype account for about 7 years though .. lol . my skypename is lynishere i talk at people until people responds . the longer i talk , the more funnies i make , and quittisms if left to my own aloud mental banter . in a group of people someones bound to join in and play it's really hard deciding what to cook when i wake up , so i've been sitting here hungry . at some point , some drive will win infps are fi-doms and intjs have fi as their tertiary cognitive function , so it may not be that well developed , but with ni te and fi , intjs can be completely stubborn and unrelentless to move on ... i collect information about other people for pure entertainment , and i personally overshare . there's nothing that i'm uncomfortable about oversharing , and sometimes i anticipate how the information ... there was a few detours between steps 6-8 , but a very productive guide . the bit about keeping intentions private it something i picked up on my own a while ago , because i realized that i was ... thanks ! i can't wait to read this later . why am i like this god exists for what we cannot explain through empirical studies . also a lose reference to everything that is and isn't and the vague systemic connection life seems to have within itself . god , ... yeah i definitely relate to being 8w7 , and feel comfortable with that being use as a broad indication of my character traits as opposed to how i feel about my previous identification as an infp ... that's exactly how i work though them , and find logic , and working through them is theraputic , and i always apply logic to them , and if i have an illogical emotion , i don't act upon it . but in order ... maybe ? i no longer identify with many of the infp things , i finally have rehabilitated my depression issues , and after just generally taking care of myself as a person , i ' ve noticed how i am as a ... lol cognitive functions aren't a justification for ignorance though , i feel like fi-dom has nothing to do with people making sweeping generalizations and rather just a state of mental maturity , ... it's hard for me to explain fi , but i'm driven by everything internally , and not much outside . i have my own values that drive me to be very passionate , and i form my worldviews from the inside , but ... ahhh ! the debating thing is very very relatable . sometimes , i have people irate of me because i just find it fun to mentally engage with people , and so when i decide to be contrary just for the sake ... yeah i've had pretty consistent inconsistent results also , i'm always just curious to see where i fall upon a scale . hmmm sounds tru , lol emotional about being logical sounds like me . xnxp ... when i find people dull , i say things i wouldn't normally say , and i create a character and i act as them , and watch to see if people detect it , or i just continue to go off the wall . when people ... not as if it were a death sentence or anything , but my whole life , i've been pretty married to , and dedicated to the idea that i'm an infp , because i definitely identify with the description , and ... i'm 22 , but people think i'm younger or my age-ish . i have big eyes and a baby face , so most people think i'm younger . tbh i'm uncomfortable with the appropriative term spirit animal , but i've always felt very close to cats and foxes . if i were a pokemon , i'd be an umbreon or a vulpix . nothing turns me on more than extraverted sensing and introverted thinking , so estps always impress me . those two cognitive functions are the literal keys to success of my heart . my last partner and my current roommate are both intj , and i can definitely say that even though they are very different people , they both speak in this monotone voice that has an angular sarcastic ... yeah , there's a lot of positives and negatives that can be said for social media , i just think it's ridiculous when people try to oppress their views upon it to other people , and find that behavior ... good for you . everyone should be able to have that choice . another mentally abusive sign is that you're out here to fix a partner . people aren't yours to fix . my physically abusive ex used to chant to me , as if a mantra , i can't change you , but i'm sure ... i find it extremely disturbing that you continually ignore the meat of my posts to respond with a half-witted sarcastic remark deflecting from the actual point i'm making . no . you shouldn't be with ... you're behaving narcissistically now . completely shut down the points and play the victim because you're being read and you don't like what you hear . no one is talking about bad guy or good guy , but ... you need to not be in a relationship . i had an ex boyfriend who spoke like you did about things regarding to be on social media , and he often related it to the fact that my father wasn't present in ... although the top half is not possible for me at all , as i've recently taken a plunge and moved about 2,000 miles away from where i've called home my whole entire life and i don't know too many ... it's comforting in a strange way to hear of everyone's experiences like this , because i feel very alone in this situation where i am . i feel as if i have lost the ability to actually establish a ... of course , the relationship described is definitely a toxic one . i finally broke things off with this person i had been seeing on and off , but pretty regularly for almost four years . he was an intj ... i understand that sentiment completely . along with feeling as if iwas vaguely unsatisfied , i felt unfair because i wasnt able to give my past partner what they needed , or even what they gave me in ... tis me at a coffee shop . my own happiness always comes first . regardless if i'm feeling selfless or selfish , if i am unhappy and try to help others , it usually has the opposite effect because when i'm not happy , i'm a deeply ... yeah i see that and i see the dangers of following that , the one ideology . i guess i'm looking for a chemistry spark that wasn't there ya know ? like as opposed to stable and comfortable , i want ... i'm an infp and 8sx , and i often feel weird about how passive infps are described . i am most definitely a fi dom with a ne axualiry , like there's no denying that , but i often super relate to infp ... i'm going through i kind of emotional time , if you can count a bout of apathy as emotional , which i feel as if it may be . mostly because i've had this partner whose been steady to me like a rock , an ... i often feel misunderstood in the way that i might feel emotionally intense and passionate about something , others discount me as if my logic isn't sound and i haven't checked the facts . i often work ... i think introversion vs extroversion as a means to measure likelyhood to form dependency is silly to be honest . i'm very , very introverted , an infp . i often find myself struggling with addictions ... i have this estp who is a very old friend , and who i am very infatuated with . we have been friends for almost 10 years now , but never anything more due to distance . we have had periods where we ... i haven't seen that sentiment on this particular site at all yet , but i'm involved in a few different mbti communties where it seems that infps are just the butt of jokes , or people overtly talk ... oh , i know , if he actually wanted to talk to me , he would . he's engaged after all . i just find it odd that he would randomly consistently do that . it also helps that i moved 3,000 miles away from ... whenever i have had forbidden crushes like that , it was always just entertaining for me . i would crush , fantasize , daydream , and when talking to them get a little fluster . due to the inappropriate ... this . i believe this . a lot of people mistake being drained , which is regular , as being introverted . when i interact , and when i'm out , i focus on myself , and how i feel relative to my surroundings ... well that explains why this one entj i once dated broke it off with me . we had excellent chemistry , but there was a big age gap , i had just finished my freshman year of college , while he had just ... interesting observation ! when it comes to information though , i always feel a certain way about things , and i often do research to see if i'm justified and if i'm being informed about the situation / ... hmmm , much interesting . i love reading about entj / infp dynamics , since entjs fascinate me so much , but are scarce to encounter in daily life . i remember the one of the entj i met , i knew ... 1 . have you ever removed a person or group from your life / schedule / attention ? yeah , and whenever i feel it's needed . 2 . why or why not ? if i notice behaviors that are detrimental to the ... i am definitely by all means not an extroverted person . being out and about physically exhausts me , and i must retreat in for a bit before i do that again . however , when i'm out , i'm out . infps i ... '