the provision of carrying papers in the arizona law was struck down by the supreme court because it preempted federal law . the federal law requires : ( e ) every alien , eighteen years of age and ... it isn't modern to say pledges , but there is a strain of patriotism in the us that requires it . but really , it is easy to break an oath . the situation is just weird . i doubt it will pass , but we'll ... i come from a french family , so i will try to relate this to french culture . excuse any bad french . there is a streak of nationalism in the us . it isn't merely pride of being american , it is this ... the title is sensationalist , so i have provided the text of the law since people are commenting on the title itself and not the content of the bill . what is being proposed is a constitutional oath ... i'm not an infj , however , i too live in southern california and have found myself dealing with loneliness at times . however , if i'm being completely honest , a lot of my loneliness was my own fault . i ... i am an intj and a woman . here's my take . intjs tend to have no qualms with going against social rituals or traditions . many times i have been outcast for not doing what the group wanted me to do ... winning . well , thank you . i questioned the length of it , but i've struggled in my relationships with infjs . unfortunately , i've hurt their feelings and have been insensitive to their needs at ... hmm ... i know this question has been asked several times on this and other forums and if i find the time ( i really should be doing work right now , ugh ) i will try to find links to the other posts , ... great points . i don't think we disagree . before i begin , i'm new so bear with my atrocious formatting , please . forgive my various tangents and the lateness of this post . my laptop has refused to cooperate so it's in time out ... desktop it ... this . the mbti is a theory . theories have certain assumptions and frameworks . the assumptions here are that human beings have preferences and those preferences do not change . by preferences , i ... after much lurking and some hesitation , i've decided to post for advice . i used to work with an infj that i am currently having problems with . we currently work at the same place , but in ...