' memorizing facts : poor . remembering ideas / theories : pretty good . remembering things about people : in terms of appearance , absolutely awful , but when it comes to personality i think i remember ... experimentation is good , i'd like to think that i'm open-minded when it comes to that . i think i could only have sexual relations with someone i care about and respect . i don't think i could ever ... entjs . one good entj friend of mine is so stubborn and intolerant sometimes it makes me want to rip my own head off . i've noticed the large disdain for esfjs here ( which isn't that surprising ) , but ... mostly other intps . whenever i try to talk to my infp girlfriend she seems to think in the form of pictures . she'll attempt to explain ideas to me using imagery and i get lost very easily , lol . i've ... i am god awful at flirting and picking up signs that others are interested in me . i just don't pay too much attention to it . 9physical touch 8words of affirmation 7quality time 6acts of service 0receiving gifts gifts are almost always pointless to me , i guess that explains why i'm so bad at giving them too . i dislike them just as much as i dislike neckbearded mra's and people who believe in white genocide . now , i'm not about to hop onto the internet bandwagon of calling everyone who doesn't agree ... intp . i consider myself to be a moderate progressive liberal . i hate all politicians in general , some more than others . * sneezes * whoops , sorry , i'm allergic to bullshit . live and let live . i don't give a flying fuck . well , depends on how you define ___ . all these flavors and you choose to be salty . i ... thank you for smoking . edit : accidental post , sorry . neither are non-superficial judgements , but you have an aversion towards such things . huh , fair enough . i guess it's like me to turn harmless dicking around into a serious question , sorry . gn . how is that taking criticism then ? isn't that just brushing it off your shoulder with no consideration into how it applies to you ? due to my low attention span i guess i also forgot to mention how much you enjoy deflecting criticism and applying it to other types . it's nice to see that you didn't overthink an offhand comment and find some ludicrous way to take offense to it . i'm not a she , but making assumptions with no evidential backing is akin to you , i suppose . self-deprecating humor is the only humor i know of , much like the only humor you know of is dick jokes . thank you for passing an accurate judgment for once in your life . if you're so interested , i was actually boasting to a friend about my 5 second attention span , hence why i didn't keep up with your oh so fasted paced argument . really ? you've hurt me so deeply . i think i'll weep in my emo corner now . i'm fairly sure the only thing entps can do for any extended period of time is argue incessantly . perhaps they will once you gain an attention span that lasts longer than three seconds . i can relate very much to this . the anger has gotten pent up so bad that i used to have violent outbursts ( and sometimes still do ) , every now and then . i think i just sort of gave up , and accepted ... his rise in the polls marks the beginning of the decline of my faith in humanity . people are attracted to his bluntness , but ultimately i think he'll get destroyed in the debates . perhaps he'll ... just ... no . attack someone based on traits out of their control ( i . e . gender , sexual orientation , race , etc ) . i will probably snap your neck . make a claim with no substantial evidential backing . tell me i take ... i've never liked the idea of settling down much either , but i've always come to the conclusion that once i get older i will have a desire to stop moving so fast and have multiple comforting ... i think a focus on materialistic items in ones life is bad . i myself have an iphone , and use social media on there ( instagram ) and text frequently . perhaps i'm more inclined to do this because i'm ... so you know when you're just searching for the correct word but you can't find it ? birds communicate through various chirping patterns and such . and i was thinking , do birds ever get stuck on what ... i'm shit at explaining why i love these things , but all i know is that i could stare at them for a long time . 363922 3639 14 363906 i talk to myself in order to form arguments for debates and such , or if i need to remember something . it's a great way for me to organize my thoughts . i prefer to call it thinking out loud , but ... brian : good evening , twats . emmett : would you kindly refrain from using derogatory references to women , since they represent half my fan base . brian : have any hermaphrodites ? emmett : i don't think ... yet to be born , you were already dead , sleep with a gun beside you in bed . follow it through to the obvious end : see your veins wide open , you bleed it out . as far as i'm concerned extraverts and introverts have their innate differences which result in some gaining certain advantages in specific circumstances and such . i don't see one as being more ... those are all blatant assumptions , but i guess we've learned a lot about you as well from said assumptions ... i think the term privilege makes it sound like an actual issue when in all reality it was actually just an observation about people in general . a lot of people in this thread seem to think that ... my esfp friend became obsessed with mbti types many months ago and forced all of the people in our friend group to take the test . i got intp and the results seemed fairly accurate , but my one issue ... my closest friend for many years has been an esfp . we get along very well , despite our differing interests . she's god awful at debating or any type of critical thinking at all really , but i'm awful ... i have a long held belief that most people are shitty , stupid , and overall , not worth my time . that's not to suggest that i don't have friends , of course . i actually have quite a surprisingly large ... whenever i think , i pace . whenever i pace , i talk to myself . i talk to myself because the easiest way for me to organize my thoughts is to pretend i'm explaining them to someone else . so , i suppose i ... i would have to agree with you there , up people and op people obviously don't have the same social standing so it would be ignorant to assume that making jokes about either would be in the same ... the people i was having the conversation with said that it's not okay to make offensive jokes about oppressed groups i . e . african americans , homosexuals , etc . but that you can make fun of groups who ... that's always what i've believed . if i had a friend that wasn't okay with racial humor then i'm not going to be a dick and say those kinds of jokes around them . now , when it comes to comedians that's ... offensive humor meaning rape jokes , gay jokes , race jokes , etc . what prompted me to ask this question was that a while ago i was having a conversation with some people on social media and i ... intj ( mother ) + isfj ( father ) = intp ( me ) i'll also give my siblings personality type as i feel that it is relevant . sister : infj brother : intp i've heard other lesbians complain about this a lot before , but it hasn't happened to me very much personally just because a lot of my female friends are pansexual or queer in one way or another ( so ... i think it's worth noting that in my experience as a lesbian teenager , when your heterosexual male friend still doesn't know you're preference is female after a few months of friendship mainly due to ... song i love : i've only found out about brendan kelly a few days ago but so far i'm in love with everything he does . song i hate : this one doesn't ... '