' aod iii i think this can also be explained by the hard-wired criterias by which people selects mates . most women are appealing to most men at a young age . because beauty is fairly common among young ... intellect i would prefer . kindness should be earned , not given . i think snowflake minuet is a qt my avatar expresses how much of a degenerate i am . i love cuddles . i think people over glorify empathy . it's a source of information like any other , and should be weigh against other values . for example , if someone is genuinely mentally unhealthy , it's not right to ... 672682 tarot cards definitely seems to me like at worst a scam and at best a fun game to play . but i don't exclude the possibility of unlocking states of consciousness that reaches beyond our common , ... so because laws get broken , laws are useless ? you reduce crime with laws as a detterent and through education to prevent them . just because it doesn't get rid of all crimes doesn't mean it's a ... so first off , those memes are in jest . feel free to be offended by internet banter though . you're making all sorts of assumptions . i do believe in gun rights . so please next time try not to lump ... agreed . this is a pitfall of being an infj . those ideas will more often than not push you to inertia anyway . everyone has the ability to make the world better in their own way anyway . just building a ... reminds me of those memes lol 6692736692 81 i think it would be disastrous to get rid of the state . it wouldn't end exploitation of the many by the few . which seems to be your idea behind a ... after talking circles around the fact that they're against free speech , you're now moving the subject to something else . nice . i'm done here . they're literally assaulting and harassing people entering those conferences . you're sticking your head in the sand at all of this apparently . they call it ' ' deplatforming ' ' . that's some orwellian ... sending threats and bullying people out of conferences at universities isn't anti free speech ? if these neo-marxists had the ability to make ' ' wrong speech ' ' illegal they would . freedom of speech , capitalism , due process in the justice system , equality of rights but not of means , etc . i'm definitely a leftist . but i hate sjws . i would rather be around conservatives than be around the wide left . the wide left have rejected many of the founding principles of western civilization . i ... 6681616681 69 pretty much this 667945 take notice ladies it depends on what the quote or the saying is . there are some good ones , but something like everything happens for a reason absolutely annoys me though . in that case , the minute you push that logic ... i don't know if it happens to you , but sometimes i'll look at what a friend or a family member posts on facebook and it's something like a quote with some sort of ' ' deep meaning ' ' behind it . those ... just tell them ... there's no secret to it . was that pose done ironically ... a brave new world i don't remember ever being in the friend zone because i avoid it like the plague . if i get interested in someone , i let them know fairly quickly . and i just stop hanging around that person once i ... that's pretty hot still waiting for this chances are he felt about you in a way that goes beyond friendship for a while . either give a romantic relationship a shot or don't . but don't think you're saving a friendship by denying him a date ... seems to me you're unsure of where you are in life . i believe that means being open to new opportunities or information can only be useful to you . go on a date with him . it's not the end of the ... newsflash : infjs can be bad people too . the jordan peterson stuff lol or if some intellectual says something that triggers you ^ _ ^ wew lad muh social engineering ... unless you can demonstrate a causality between gendered pronouns and oppression based on gender , i suggest you be far more careful about what needs or not need to be in ... relevant if gender is subjective , then my subjectivity shouldn't hurt theirs . i'm not looking to play into people's delusions . that's all . this is the people that carries out the ' ' social dialogue ' ' from that side . their position ... when it's being considered ' ' oppressive ' ' to reject the made-up pronouns , it is an open attempt to abolish the current paradigm . people giving conferences at universities who argue against this ... intersex people represents 1.7 % of the population , and that is if you take the widest definition of it . if a rule applies for about 98-99 % of the population , it means it's pretty accurate . undoing ... there are 2 genders . they disagree . that comes from a larger debate about genders . fairly straight forward . those words are born out of an ideology that seeks to reinvent the definition of genders . they're quite transparent about it . they want to abolish the binary definition of genders . if i could surround myself socially of only infjs and entps , i would . so yeah , i think entps are pretty cool . i believe we ' ' get ' ' eachother very well while having very different perspectives . i'll refer to them by their preferred he or she pronoun , but i'm not going to validate ideological hijacking of language . this ze / xe / etc nonsense needs to be called out for what it is . from what i understand , a minority of young men gets most of the attention from girls . while a majority of young women gets attention from a majority of men . that discrepancy leads the left out group ... i like to joke around when i'm comfortable with the people around . and i enjoy dark humor and sarcastic digs at eachother . so really it's not proper anyway for me to mess with people who don't know ... he seems like a creep . i doubt his issues are related with being an infj . my best guess is that he thinks there's something unfinished . since he obviously can't get a clue , you could try to be more ... but you do realize how it sounds right ? that's what i was reacting to . like some women will mistake rudeness with honesty . i don't think it's a reliable reason to choose or pass someone . the whole ' ' you're too good for me ' ' routine sounds pathological to me . what does that even mean ? that sounds quite self-loathing actually . lol i wonder sometimes how much value i should put in mbti . i find it accurate in many ways , but there are significant differences in personality that you can find within the personality type . and ... are you sure they were infjs though ? i only say that because i don't think i've ever met one in my life . male infjs are like the rarest type . so the idea of meeting mulitple ones is a bit surprising ... '