' basically this ... when the right song comes on in my truck i teer up a little behind my shades first off susurration you made me burst out with laughter at work . thanks :P second i'd say to yddraig 318 that most infp guys are probably a little more sentimental then the rest . more in touch ... i try to help my friends when they ask for it . i also tend to jump in to be the first one to help , because i love to make other peoples lives better :) . over the last couple years a friend of mine ... ye this happened to me , but i was the guy who she left . it's extremely shady , she even admitted to me a few months later that she didn't feel good about it . anyway , i'd go with what lad suggested . ... everyones always wished for just one more day ... =/ ill put in a link ... and trust me its totally worth having a look , and it changes daily . earthporn : mother nature in all of her succulent beauty . yes yes above yes i constantly reinvent / reassess / rework my life by trying new things / hobbies / careers / what-have-you . people say i take on too much or things just fizzle out and its a waste of time ! but you know what ? ... because living costs money . i didn't figure out what my dream job would be until about 2 months ago and i'm 24 . so i keep on working this job i'm good at and deciding if i should risk it all to try ... sigh take a chance wow i'm off the internet for a day and this is still here ! ( that never happens lol ) . thanks everyone for your answers ! its been great to read them , and i should start looking at cognitive ... so a while ago i bounced around a bunch about what type i actually am . and came to the conclusion that i was an infp . but saying that i finally took a test ( like credited one ) and was typed as an ... generally with music , coupled with extremely awful singing and dancing ! if you could run , where / who would you run to ? well i think i've told a couple of people here that i do miss my ex , though i do hope she never tries to re-enter my life heh . i had to break off all contact to start moving forward , it took me ... i thought it was a race to the end ? or ... i see blue ... and he's glorious ! or ... ( for serious now ) don't be sad , i lived my life without regrets . and if you ever miss me , just remember me ... basically this , you can say what you want to me and about me ... but if you say somethin bad about my friends there will be hell to pay . :) my unwillingness to let life win . ( single ) while i'd never turn down the right person , i'm focused on life and improving myself . if its one thing i've learnt its you have to have a stable life to have a stable relationship . so i ... pokemon still is awesome , i still tear up in the second movie :'( . but it's all about the original 150 , can't say i followed too closely after that . ( i vaguely remember the next group ) a wild ... usually open , easy to approach , and a down to earth kind of feel . unless i'm hammered then i'm ... talkative , dancy , out-going , out-of-control ( ha only sometimes ) , vocal ( in the song way ) , generally ... i like anime a lot and i think cosplay is pretty neat . though you probably wouldn't find me dressed up , unless i was cid from ff7 . ;P what your first name means : englishmalebrought to england by the breton companions of william the conqueror , this name is originally derived from the irish word for hill . popular variant of brian ... i'm not irish but i'm still gonna drink ! :D you don't know what you have until you lose it . i find these words to be truer every time i hear them . but with that being said , if you don't feel that instinct to fight to keep her it's hard to ... you hurt yourself physically to try and feel something ? at least thats what i gather from what you just said ... that is a long time to go without any feeling thats for sure anyone would be ... how long have you been like this ? when was the last time you felt something ? sanguine phlegmatic , go team infp ! never thought about religion filling the void . too bad i can't bring myself to do it heh , but anyway yeah that's what i'm searching for too . and as a person who thought he found it and then lost it ... i think later in life ( after highschool and into college ) we become more comfortable with ourselves . more confidence and just in general grow into who we are . for one in highschool i thought the ... :( , it gets better ... eventually , take the time you have now and just feel whatever you feel and don't listen to anyone that says you should move on and get out there . take your time and move on ... what's your temperament in love ? ( yep thats me ) your dating temperament is phlegmatic you are a stable and calm force in relationships . you deflect drama . you are a natural peacemaker and ... back in the days when internet gaming was the new thing me and my cousin played a game called netstorm ! now let me tell you this was a pretty sweet game , to this day its awesome ( only a select few ... i wrote a letter to my ex because i basically wasn't moving on . after that i removed her from facebook and msn , as well as cut off all ties . i have no idea what she's doing now and thats better for ... trying it out , so far seems to work fine . :) , anything you want me to test just let me know ! i've got an htc desire i was like this sounds awesome ! but would be counter to the hero i want to be . no heh volunteer at the local bcspca . very rewarding , do it once a week for 2 hours . soon to be 4 , totally worth it . er guess i'll request ... what do you all think of me ? :) anyone can answer ~ free shots ! go ! the last nightmare i had was all of a sudden i woke up in my room ... and there was this cat and i mean feral cat looking at me on my night stand . i started saying no ... then i looked over and ... i'm sorry i just can't agree with you . there's always an option before cheating , its called leaving . not only does cheating hurt the person you are with , it destroys any trust that existed before ... tried for a while ( like a year or so ) , but then i realized it was just not good for me . she had moved on , found someone new ( 2 months after in fact ) and i just wasn't moving on , wasn't making my ... faeriegal 713 so i think i figured this out ... here it goes ! i manage to go camping most of the summer so thats a good guess ! there are lots of great hikes here in bc honestly some that would take ... i would like an infp girlfriend too good luck , and thumbs up for a fellow redditor ! hope you find what you are looking for :) the girls in the ssc are pretty cool . ( yeah i just acronym'ed that ) i give them all + 1 hearts . ( its up to you to figure out what that means , because i sure as hell don't know ) if it's late in the day i just go to bed . i find sleeps give me clarity and clears my mind , so really tomorrow is another day . if its during the day i'm a lot like sliver and hotspur ; i need to get ... when i drink its low , especially near the end of the night . generally i think i have high self esteem though , damn you alcohol and your depressing qualities ! '