' well it would be correct to say that men have not evolved to work in offices . though it can be said that at it's core the office environment and that of society today is comparable to the environment ... well i'm not a scientist , i'm a teenager . however , the guess that i would wager is that men do this as an evolutionary trait . it makes sense that men of the human race would do things to impress ... i am honored to claim such a title . this plus wind on my skin . well if you consider that as far as i know with the give information these houses are built solely from the material given , in which case a house made of bricks with no cement is just a heavy wall of ... oh cool . well i hope you manage to get along well on your first day . saying things like that really warms my cold circuits . when you say that i feel like i'm the one being appreciated here . i like the way you think . but society is lame and altruism is gross . as far as i'm concerned i'm just another face in a massive sea of humans to society , so why should i care about society ? if ever i do anything that benefits ... now i really want a banana nut muffin . depends , sometimes i laugh with sharp gasps in between , typically when i find something utterly hilarious . other times i might laugh a mouth closed , snicker with a bit more base than usual and a ... i am not hiding , i am simply concealing my presence to shine more light on the real focus of the conversation . odinsvardogr and twirler intps and sweetness ? pssh , never . robots don't need to be sweet . the only association i have with sweet is the massive amount of sweets i guzzle down on a daily basis ... this thread isn't about me dang it . we're getting off track , pay no attention to the intp behind the curtain . dang , i didn't think people were watching . i'd better shift back into unfeeling robot mode before people start to talk . pssh , i am not : blushed : adorablest isn't even a word . if anything i would be the most adorable but i'm not , i'm charming : cool : so while idly scrolling through forums , it occurred to me i saw a lack of appreciation threads for the infps . upon searching i discovered there was actually an abundance of them , but they were all ... precisely , damned if i wake up in the morning and immediately think i gotta text this person good morning ! , and am not attracted to them . unless i'm really into somebody , my first thought in the ... does he have feelings for you ? i'd say with about 90 % certainty yes . i mean the signs are pretty present , taking the initiative to text you , getting anxious when you don't text back and double ... out of curiosity , how did your first few days go ? crystallinesheep well , given that i don't entirely know the nature of these memories it proves rather difficult to provide an answer ( especially being the socially inept bastard i am ) . but thus far ... i expected no less from you . this answer is better than anything i could have expected . why did i think you meant how i literally type out r2d2 ? i was sitting here like easy , r2d2 . good old nipnip , makes what i said 10x better , while using 1/10 of the words . which chess piece is your favourite ? not necessarily the most powerful or mobile , but just one you enjoy use more of or for whatever reason just like more than the others . and on that , which is your ... man if we're ruling out drugs and physics there's practically no options . god i had such a had time reading that . the point being make a move he won't ... i guess ... ... stop asking intps for social advice . well let me try to split this up into two types of responses . which are in essence the same thing but with different governing philosophies . the human response : it depends on whether or not you ... well to say that emotions are automatic is one thing , but to say people aren't 100 % in control of how they respond is to claim no responsibility for your actions . you as a human may register ... i mean i do that out loud . so if i can talk to myself and that isn't weird then your thing isn't weird . my thing isn't is it ? of course it's not chickin . maybe you're part of another program which only contains the program to which you are a viewer as a red herring to distract you from the real program in which you are the subject . he got you there . two words . socially inept . uu pshh . of course i'm with the program . it's just important for me as someone part of the program to ensure that people like you who claim to be part of the program aren't just flashing false ... nipnip makes a good point . that being said , even considering the potential drawbacks of taking actions the only thing worse than you doing something and it going wrong is living with the feeling of ... i'm not sure i understand what we're talking about anymore . deep . but songs wasn't capitalized , so you're disqualified , sorry . but don't feel bad , you're still walking away with a coupon for a free moment of genuineness from an intp of your ... by posting this video and showing your knowledge of the deep , profound , art that is icejjfish , you have officially become my favourite person . what ! ? n-no . we're just ... uh . we're just doing you a favor . you're reading too much into this . we just want you to feel more complete , songs unsung because they were instrumentals . well my brodie , the answer is simple . as jesus once said , if she breath , she a thot . but do not panic . do not panic i have acquired your location and your local thot patrol is en route as we ... i couldn't care less about mean words , personally i think mean words need to be used more often . to clarify it's not because i like hurting people or i'm mad at the world . it's because these days ... so basically ... 706802 here's to obscure references . i love you for this sorry , i couldn't help myself . but in all seriousness i think it really just depends the outcome you desire . obviously if you shut her down she could get upset about it , though if she is the way you ... no . we did it boys . let's get to work ! lookin at you spookysprite . songs unsung by those with the talent to sing them well is a waste of potential . hope you're happy , it's happening now . '