' the overall sound comes first and lyrics second . always i love it but i get scared shitless whenever i do it with people i was on the train with my mom today and fell asleep . i woke up and this girl on the left side kept staring at me . we kept gazing at each other the rest of the trip . i fell asleep and woke up because ... i've always been this way . every change and improvement feels like a small puzzle piece added to my personality . the core always stays the same . i think this tends to apply to most infp's what if everyone were more open ? into any kinds of sex . just gotta have feelings for ya smoking one cigarette during a rainy day by the window with this song in the background was the best that's ever happened this last week enfj , infj , infp , enfp ... sometimes nts , like intj i've read it somewhere . it's in our eyes . it's the dominant fi that gives infp's this innocent / childlike kind of vibe edit : my friends always notice this thing about me when i stare at nothing in ... today i quit the band i was playing in and i feel like total shit . even though they were a bunch of fucking morons . this is the first time i actually feel hatred towards someone . fuck ' em dark shades of red and purple nf's and nt's . i prefer introverts because we're really shy and take a lot of time to open up since infp's are characteristically idiosyncratic , it's hard for us to find validation . don't get me started on the fi bullshit we deal with 334378 read each and every function you have . start with fi all the way down to te and see if you actually relate to them we're introverts . we've all been there . it's really refreshing , kinda lets you recharge your batteries . i do this a lot by myself . lately i even do it in public spaces . i just put my headphones on ... yes . i do this a lot . i've kinda developed this hatred for selfies and i always tell people about it . i noticed my generation is extremely narcissistic entp , isfp , entj , estj , istj , infj spare me the left wing bullshit . i want all serial killers , rapists and terrorists executed i think chris cornell is also an infp ... his songs and lyrics seem to give it away .  what was the last time you got high ? last time i got high was today ... on beer what was the last time you got high on meth ? uh ... today lol that's life , man . it's all about chance . once you find someone to bond with , the pain you felt before will just go i don't just love you . i feel for you when you enjoy every single feeling you get . be it sadness or happiness . i mean , you feel sad and feel like crying . but deep down you actually enjoy it . same goes with happiness :) i'm super fucking pissed . i haven't been this fucking angry in a long fucking time . band practice is going nowhere . we barely get to play 2 or maybe 3 songs in - 2 - fucking hours . what the fuck is up ... i do it just so i don't get fully isolated from the rest of the world . this song perfectly describes it , just listen to the lyrics , man . 90 % of the music i listen to is rock , problem is , nobody else i know listens to the stuff i listen to . i play in a band and we were sharing songs we listen to among us and they were all like : you ... those fucking daydreamers , man ! they always gotta fuck shit up ! you guys are great . i feel as if we're each on one side of the coin , different , yet still , the same coin . ^ it's true . they got balls . i know this infj girl . she's wonderful . i love boots and skinny jeans . i tend to wear my torso stuff loose . makes a nice combo with the pants talk to your closest friends . read nice articles about your personality type . i usually get on soundcloud and find new bands to listen to . write poetry , it doesn't matter if it's shitty or not . just ... best to listen to while high indeed . 8,5 . i just love this song . it's so infp-ish best to listen to while high indeed . 8,5 . i just love this song . it's so infp-ish my dearest friends are as follows ( in no particular order ) entp istj isfp entj intp intj i don't see myself as a wierdo , but my friends keep telling me i am . not in a bad way , though :) how do these two types get along ? i'm talking both friendship and love . share your personal stories :) i'm socially awkward too , but lately i've kinda found a way around it . every time i feel too anxious about things i'm like fuck this ! and just go for it . it's really not that hard once you get used ... don't worry . infp's tend to overthink stuff like this . i'm pretty sure he's interested , since he's already agreed to go out with you it comes and goes . i used to write poems just for the heck of it 2 years ago , but i just can't do now . don't worry , it'll come sooner or later robert de niro is an introvert . someone mentioned method acting . he's a method actor , too this is what comes to mind we're so caught up in our own human nature we just can't conceive the fact that once you're dead that's it . we come up with all sorts of concepts when it comes to things we can't comprehend . i call ... you're not alone , bud . i guess we got no balls i get really scared . i feel like i'm not worthy of their love , even thought i do have feelings for them . i get stuck . you're not alone :) i like anything that gets me the kick . caffeine , alcohol , energy drinks , coffee , weed . anything that would screw me up , it's easier , you know , not feel the pain and shit the joe pesci kind of anger . i get nuts lol i spend like 15 minutes cleaning my glasses , i want them to be squeaky clean right wing . social inequality is part of the human nature . there's no way we'll all be considered equal . i consider it bs '