' thank u mrs cafe bot for ur hard work holy moly bro i <3 ur music esp ur live set w diplo at ultra i looked at the list and honestly felt like going to sleep - __ - i'm actually going to a therapist tomorrow to most likely get officially diagnosed . yayyy . just noticed this got stickied . congrats , you deserve it :) i feel like we need an official typing judge to end this case lmfao . 303090 3030 98 303082 i agree with this entirely . my friends say i have different sides to me ( not like bipolar sides ) but certain situations bring out different personalities . if anyone has something to add it would be appreciated but this is probably the last time i'm bumping since since i'm leaning more on the side of isfp . it's been a week and i just wanna pick a type ... right here ! ! lol i love playing piano . i've been playing since i was 4 so its been close to 17 years now . i was heavily influenced by a band called dream theater when i was younger , which is a ... it helps being in groups of people with similar interests . maybe like a club of some sort . online dating could work too . i've never really tried it besides messing around on tinder haha . well thats why i think i'm an i ! i thought i was sorta extraverted or maybe ambiverted but once i read the traits of isfp's i was like man there is not one thing here that doesn't describe me . you ... i did get esfp on that test . sounds crazy but .. could it be possible that i'm an isfp ? the fi-se-ni-te seems to all fit me . i think the problem would be which is dominant , auxillary , etc . b-u-m-p okay . i would agree my extroverted intuition ( ne ) is somewhat low . as for se vs si , ah , i don't really know . i try to live in the moment and use my senses , but i usually describe things with ... no thank you ! i feel like i am mostly an ambivert as well , but maybe just like 1 % more extroverted . and thats funny that you noticed the mixing board .. i've been playing piano since i was 4 so it's ... stereotypes or misconceptions ? why i'm confused i'm an enp is because of an article i read which i quoted earlier in the thread : enps often live a frenetic lifestyle , equipped with more hobbies ... bump so i even re-took multiple mbti tests across the web to get more accurate . interesting results : humanmetrics jung typology testx 99 enfp extravert ( 67 % ) intuitive ( 25 % ) feeling ( 38 % ) ... arbell well i tried my best with it . here are my results : type 1 perfectionism 46 % type 2helpfulness 50 % type 3image focus 74 % type ... arbell i somehow missed seeing your post completely ! hahah . thanks so much for the detailed response . i've tried the enneagram and i've gotten 3 , 6 , & 7 . for mbti , i've taken tests from every site ... if thats so , you'd be a ti-ne-si-fe , which is an intp . i found a detailed description online ( it's a wall of text so be warned ) that might help you : an intp profile you could also just google ... i actually did a video on your questionnaire . if you wanna check it out the links in my signature whaat tf lol . i need an explanation . thanks for the responses btw :p erc 2 : tell me which traits fit you more : fe is focused on fulfilling other people ’ s needs , so much so , they can neglect their own . - are influenced by the emotions around them and adapt to what others ... i'm curious on how i'm an es instead of an en ... bizzump this sounds exactly like my case . i've suffered mild depression and anxiety ever since high school so i can understand that . i felt like it had an affect on whether or not i was introverted or ... i found this article on extraverted intuition ( ne ) enps often live a frenetic lifestyle , equipped with more hobbies and interests than they know what to do with . they are always on the go , always ... yeah i guess i'm getting a bunch of answers haha bumpin this before i go to bed lol i made a video for better results . i used jinsei's questionare located here : ... i use paint.net occasionally . its usually just to get an idea out . but then again i'm not really the best of artists haha lil crazed , timothydelaghetto , kasaantv . mostly rap and comedy channels are my favorite . that's reassuring haha . thanks for the response . i feel confident about the e and the se . i read about the si and se difference , and i internally feel i lean more to the se side . even though i use past experiences to sometimes gauge on a decision ( ex : being in a band with a crappy ... bump the deciding factor with that video was the calmness aspect and anger control of enfj's . when he said that enfj's have the same facial expression throughout the day .. it described me completely haha ... haha sweet , thanks i appreciate it caneaster c is surely my last choice . for b , i do consult outside points , clarify , and have patience , but i'm not necissarily quiet . for a , i'm optimistic and try to get people engaged , as stated ... ima jump bump this cause im curious it's tough right ? ! lol how'd you guys come up with your results ? like that rae sremmurd song but yeah i've taken many tests across the internet and i always get scattered results so i thought i come on this site and see what other people think ! dont let me down ... '