' when i lived in bigger cities , i solved this by going by myself or occasionally if friends wanted to join ( although i prefer going with outgoing friends who can socialize independently ) to networking ... and if it was a very important matter that needed to be talked about , how would you approach it ? ohh , so that was the confusion . indeed i was talking about opening up in the definition by the cambridge dictionary : to talk about your personal thoughts or feelings and to start to talk more ... thank you so much vhaydenlv . this really helped me understand better how to treat an infj . i have now made a note to self : give compliments / positive feedback . i am more inclined to bluntly ... vhaydenlv how would you want a compromise based on this to take place - taking care of both your own and the entps needs ? thank you for explaining this better as an infj than what i could from an exterior angle . i am very interested in hearing how entps deal with this if this hinders them in solving the ... i must admit that i am confused about what you find confusing lol . a couple dating doesn't just have one conversation , they have multiple during the initial weeks / months . people can have ... so if you were having great conversations with an infj , but he / she refused to discuss difficult ( according to the infj ) topics , you would not be interested in neither continuing dating ( even if the ... interesting ! i read somewhere that entp & infj couples need a very mature entp to be able to work smoothly . it seems like maturity in this case means a highly developed fe . but there is one thing i ... i have a hard time seeing how infjs and entps could be the ideal match as they have so different communication styles . entps are typically very blunt while infjs typically feel exposed if they have ... the point of this thread was not for you guys to help me type this guy and that is why i didn't share much info . the point was to ask if you guys could relate to the points he does but which i did ... thank you so much for sharing this . also i don't ask to see who was at fault or to see if he is interested in me or not . i know his final answer . i only wanted to understand how this all came to ... hmmm ... i think it is rather for nostalgic purposes then . he seems too sincere and humble for playing games . and he would never take advantage of me even if he was horny as he knows how i feel . also , ... the strange part is that he pulls away only in periods of some months , and suddenly he gives me a lot of attention . for example once he insisted that i'd visit him and stay at his place ( we now live ... oops double post . also , i thought it could help him too . he seemed so sad and said it was awkward , and at least for me open communication helps for that purpose . so i was thinking to help us both get some clarity . it ... thank you so much for your answers . i wasn't assuming . i was wondering . and when i was lead to think he is an infj through the infj descriptions , it was based on factual traits not ... i was dating a guy and i believe he is an infj . when i've read the infj descriptions on truity , personalitypage and 16personalities , it is like if they wrote about him . however , there are some things ... well , reading the first answers of other entps here , they don't relate to what i experience about ideas popping up constantly during dates of what the couple can do together . so maybe they already ... i don't look at it like that . i just wish someone could suggest me a thought-pattern to reduce all my ideas from popping up in my mind during our very first dates , so that we get to know each other ... if i would shower a guy with all the ideas i get during our date , it could be overwhelming for many and there's a chance they couldn't handle it ( i know because it already happened with an ex . he ... i don't think it is a question about being honest or not . there will always be something one likes less about a partner and one needs to make compromises . so if i like someone enough to make a ... indeed , when a relationship has lasted a few months , i find it ok to share my ideas . but the question was actually whether to do so early on . when we are just getting to know each other , i assume ... but if i well understood you didn't share your ideas in the beginning ? anyway , it's probably like i thought . i shouldn't share my ideas before we know each other better . i don't want to scare my ... my ideas aren't future related as in family stuff . they are about fun activities like travels and such . but i don't reveal that i'm thinking about that early on . i'm toning myself down when dating ... it seems like there are a few misunderstandings here . i am not looking to date any entp and i didn't present my ideas to my dates . i keep my ideas to myself in the beginning . i don't say anything ... i just read this description of entps dating : does this mean that a lot of you entps are suggesting your ideas to your dates from very early ... when i'm just starting to date someone , i think about whether there is a potential with the guy . this includes thinking about everything we have in common and making up ideas of things we can do ... first of all , it's good to hear this coming from an entp as well . because i was actually thinking i should post it in the entp forum and check if some could relate there . indeed i analysed ti ... i can absolutely relate to most of this , as me neither i'm ready to have a child in the near future due to tons of things i want to do prior . i have also thought about and could be a bit concerned ... same for me . didn't find out yet how to solve it . 593506 when i deal with people i am not sure about , with whom there are interests i seek at risk , i think about how i should say something in order for the person not to react negatively . i do not know if i ... i am not really seeking out options on how i can have a child one day , as i have been researching tons of options already . i see a few comments on having a pet as a replacement for a child lol ... i really don't want to find myself a man who already have children . i'm not really that interested in other people's children , so it wouldn't feel natural or comfortable taking care of them . like ... my odds for having children aren't as straightforward as it might seem from the outside but that is another story and one that i won't elaborate on here . of course there are plenty of other reasons ... well , it's good that you have come to terms with what you want and are comfortable with . ok , well , very simply put , i would want to have children one day , but life has it that it might not happen , and yep it does make me sad and actually a bit anxious about how that will be once i'll get ... i don't really mind syncing into the situation . i actually find it fun . indeed , and in the same way , if someone gives me compliments based on appearance it doesn't really matter to me . i mean , i'll be happy and all , but it's so easy to give such compliments and it's so ... hmmm ... i find that emotion rules me way more than i'd like . but maybe you mean as in having control of my emotions ? i'm sometimes thinking i'd like an on and off button for my emotions as i have a ... in my case it doesn't need to be someone i have a close and harmonious relationship with though . it can be someone i just met . a few weeks ago this happened , and i finally keep him at distance ... i might be exposing myself a bit too much by what i am about to say , but i really need to solve the issues i am dealing with since years . so i am sort of in a hurry to find out whether i am an entp ... i can often be very enthusiastic about something or someone . an ex-boyfriend was once convinced that i completely loved him since day 1 , although i was just happy in general and interested to learn ... i think it is more important for me to be respected , listened to and not ignored . there are those friends who seem to like me ( why else would they bother hanging out with me ? ) , but they don't ... ok , so i read a large part of the thread . i am generally completely open to other povs . however , when someone determines something without having asked for enough data prior , i don't place ... hmm ... i'm not sure i can do that , because i think there are factual reasons behind feelings and that only by finding solutions to issues one can get over sad feelings . well , at least for me as my ne ... thanks , i'll read it and get back with an answer . i've come out as entp on every test i've taken . except once which was based only on thinker vs feeler . additionally , people pointed out that for example as i can't get over my ex since years or other ... indeed , i've read many descriptions on how to distinguish ti and fi . the thing is that i can think of examples of both in myself . personally i don't really feel like i have control over my feelings and that on the contrary is why i wonder if i am a feeler . i am sort of in conflict with my emotions , because in certain ... '