i've also been unable to access the blogs , i receive this message when i attempt to check . fatal error : class ' vb_ckeditor ' not found in / home / personal / public_html / blog.php on line 2131 episode 3 came out last week . episode 4 is saturday morning , 10 am est ( figure out the time difference with maths , because i'm tired . ) i recently came across this , and i wanted to share the life size rainbow dash one was at a grand last time i looked at it . equestriadaily puts a link up just a little before it goes live . who's getting up early to watch it streaming live with other bronies ? pinkie as taokaka ? epic win . there are many places online where you can find brony shirts , you kind of have to look for them though . alternately , if you attend anime conventions , the larger ones tend to have pony merch such as ... congrats :D uhhh wat . _ . thanks everybody :D lol , you are probably right . xd i don't really feel comfortable posting anywhere else ! but i read - everything . - that's what i'll be wearing :D seriously ? rule 34 on that already ? that didn't take long at all lol bronycon :D he's attending and doing the screening of the second episode with us ~ y'all should be jealous of me , i get to watch next week's episode with jason thiesson - right there in the room - :D but tawanda , that is exactly why i will - never - read cupcakes . i like my pinkie ... psh , no . i'm in virginia :D ponies are - that - important why ? i had a blast this morning watching the episode streaming live online while talking to other bronies about what was going on , and what we think is gonna happen next week <3 so , anybody going to bronycon ? ( i posted this question in the intp pony thread too , don't hate me ) are any of y'all going to bronycon ? i cannot watch anything that is realistic violence or harm done to the body . i can't watch surgical procedures , nor can i watch violent movies . gore disturbs me and i cannot handle it . it makes me ... > _ > i've already been working on this . xd i cant remember if this was posted yet or not , but i thought it was appropriate :D you can't really troll bronies with ponies . sir , you trolled yourself <3 i read this out loud and had a fantastic time , i'm going to have to repost this onto my facebook page and test my friends . :D o . o welcome to perc this thread already exists :) i love that this is important enough to be a thread . i eat this all the time , but it's so good xd toast with hummus , greek yoghurt , onions , cucumbers , red peppers and tomatoes ~ homemade sesame noodles made with tofu shirataki kielbasa with red peppers and caramelized onions ~ i'm not personally offended , to clear that . 1 . that's fairly obvious . 2 . anything taken to an extreme ceases to be a good quality . 3 . i know you did , but the association is still there in your ... i find this more than a little offensive . the title is just the start , you are judging her to be unstable , and then associate her with two types . then , the entire post is picking at her faults ... don't read too much into the behaviour . this has nothing to do with personality types , from what i can tell , and more to do with how you personally view serving staff , and traffic laws . lirulin i've seen this sort of reaction from others , and i tend to get that sort of reaction from some of the people that i interact with . the people who make cutesy voices and decide that whether ... welcome to the forums :D by the by , what is white coffee ? i've never heard of it . i didn't take it offensively , so don't trouble yourself . meaning gets lost in text because the vocal nuances aren't there for context clues . grammar and language in general is one of the areas that ... excuse me ? i'm not sure what you are saying with your post . please , explain yourself . i have no idea what my type is , tests i take say i'm an s , but pretty much all the people i interact with , on and off-line have typed me as an n . how is not overreacting to something scary ? ... * is an intj fangirl * > _ > i don't fool myself into thinking there's some hidden part of you that i'm going to find after breaking the exterior . i tend to expect people to be as they present ... some friends of mine and i are cosplaying gijinka ponies at a convention in july : 3 ha ~ i almost put up an amy avatar , because i would prefer a female to a male , but she annoyed me so i went with the one i picked instead . i've been studying off and on ( mostly off ) for the past ... nine years or so . the hardest part of japanese is learning the kanji , then the kana , and then everything else is fairly simple as the ... sushi ~ sake nigiri , maguro nigiri , unagi nigiri , new york roll , yellowtail scallion roll i am a brony , i did not change my avatar to follow some sort of trend on the forum . that being said , now that there are more than one hedgehog avatar being used , perhaps i shall participate . ... i had a pet hedgehog , her name was nettie tiggywinkle . however , i'm not participating in the avatar stuff . it scares me . i'm a huge nerd / geek . though i'm still not 100 % on my personality type : < video games , tabletop rpg's , magic the gathering , anime , mmo's , message boards ( yes , i consider places like perc to be nerdy ... light bread with roasted red pepper hummus , sliced red peppers , cucumbers , onions and tomato pad thai <3 jelly umad trololol :D