paris ! if not , then a city in italy . also , i thought you're in love with mozart . happy 19th , megan ! ! thank you for thinking about us and making confetti even when you feel like shit . i hope you get well soon ! : fat : i has four questions 4 you : how did your finals go ? what ... it's referring to intuition , a combination of ne and ni ( though more heavily on ni as aristotle was an ni user ) . ne witnesses a plethora of objective thoughts and outside ideas from everywhere ... i agree with the context being conveyed , but the categorizing seems off to me . yes , guys who have high relationship values tend to have more dry spells but end up with more stable partners . guys who ... lovely test , it's pretty spot on :) though slightly dismayed that everyone so far is opposed to being enterprising . i wonder how other entps fare ... ... 1 ) xtxx 2 ) xxxp 3 ) xnxx , fe > fi , ti 4 ) t , low fi 5 ) xntx 6 ) low f , high n , low se 7 ) super low se , si > se 8) xxxp -> xntp 9 ) xxxp -> xntp 10 ) ti -> xntp enfj - they are extremely goal oriented . though second guess would be enfp ( unlikely , since she's a serial j-type ) definitely not infj and doubting isfj ( since she's also a serial n-type ) . ... yes . intuition is subconscious understanding . greater understanding leads to glimpses of the future that no one else can comprehend - often even unexplainable by the knower . vhaydenlv i actually brought up zootopia with my infj friend . although , judy is an enfj , the typing is still close and the whole animal shazzam appeals to infjs . ( plus the movie is actually reaallly ... you should feel offended this is so true . i told a companion that i valued her very highly as a close intimate friend . she replied with : but you never share your secrets with me anymore . ( in which we both established ... if i had a proper loving family growing up i would probably be enfp . are you emotionally and physically ' close ' to your family , or are you a bit distant in your interactions with them ? distant ... howdy dreamuur , so glad to hear about your admiration of entps :) entps enjoy socializing at parties but are not party animals . the majority of the people there will be sensors , so it won't be ... during my first dab i hallucinated . as i was driving back home at 12 am a surge of cars appeared out of no where . my mind could only form one conclusion : i was in an alien survival simulation ... this question may seem simple , but its implications go pretty in depth with functions : do you enjoy eating meat ? no ? then infj . ps : in the case you said yes , then you're more likely ... entrepreneur freedom , creativity , innovation , adventure , big picture , $ $ $ 10/10 this . it's cool to call us obsessive . we see the end - the big picture . even if it's not there . usually if i find something or someone interesting , my imagination goes berserk . i start to think of all ... i believe that long distance is a big test to see if two people are able to sustain a relationship . it's clear that the gf couldn't handle the distance and needed a physical presence . she prioritized ... i started my own business at age 19 . now a year later , i'm netting a profit of ~ $ 8000 a month . the only reason i've capped around this is cause i've been taking 18 e & c engineering credits a semester ... yep , it's entps that jump the gun haha . infj / intj ( ni ) is focused planning , patience , coherence , convergent . entp / enfp ( ne ) scattered thinking , broad , quick , fluid , divergent . ie : shiny ... sloft is 100 % estp , the excessive smiley faces gave it away along with other estp traits lol . was a pretty interesting and intricate read . i'd also like to add from personal experience that not jumping to conclusions is a must for infjs . we tend to assume a lot , so always try to ask for ... haha , i think college is a scam . education is not . think of your tuition as a long term investment . by developing higher level skills you're going to be able to use that to make loads of money in ... howdy friends , i've been struggling with my housing decision for my senior year in college . i have to choose between on-campus apartments or an off-campus house . the apartments will allow me ... whoa , i'd imagine the military would be interesting if you have your freedom . unfortunately , that's the exact opposite in the military . the order , the restriction of freedom , the slavery , the ranking ... seems like you're talking about the push pull method ( pull = omega , push = alpha ) . when you pull someone towards you and then push them away it creates attraction . i'm assuming that you're ... no , entps only bring breakfast to their partners outside of the hood or else it's impossible for them to be entp . yeah . that mask where people think you have a bitch face but are actually just pondering something . that mask you hide behind while you smile and nod politely to others instead of speaking your mind ... music is very subjective , but i'm sure rap attracts entps because we enjoy analyzing lyrics . i would definitely enjoy me some kendrick , lil dicky , childish gambino , logic mainly because they can tell ... from the top of my head , i'm pretty sure that others share this same view point : 1 . death is good -> pro-death penalty , pro-abortion = good efficiency for population control . 2 . valuing ... what if the person who's interested barely knows the real you . what if they say they're into you when all they can see is the surface of who you are . won't that bother you a bit ? won't you question ... you don't become an entj . entjs are very confident , diligent , sociable , and successful . however , entjs can also be very domineering , controlling , ruthless , stubborn , impatient , narrow minded , and ... no , at least not in your current mindset . you have a lot of negativity towards socializing . you hate it . everything that i've read from gaming to eating . you prefer to do it alone and dislike the ... quick summary for others that are tl ;D r : op has a pleasant day and returns to his apartment to find out his brother had sex with a beautiful lady at op's own place . with the fact that op is a 26 ... it seems like you're lonely and have plenty of time on your hands . get busy . you won't have time to mull over things that happened a year ago . then go out and flirt with other women . you have to ... first , be happy he's not your boss and that your boss is a chill dude . next are your options . option 1 : keep being defensive at him . pros : - you keep your ego . - you get to piss him off ... tire your brain out with : 1 . meditation ( hard to do daily ) 2 . therapy ( it can be a friend ) 3 . benzos ( not a good long term solution ) 4 . productive distractions ( read a book before bed ) sure , i created a thread a year ago about the first female infj i got to befriend in person . our chemistry was mesmerizing and i was obsessed . when she told me that she had a boyfriend i became ... it's been a sausage fest in engineering / computer science . i find it tad annoying too , it adds pressure to go to parties and join greek life . you should try to attend some tech events and make guy ... and drunk parrot well this seems like a difference in levels of attachment . with all this free time on your hands you end up thinking about him a lot more than he has time to think about you . to alleviate this , get ... oh yeah , an existential crisis is a huge buzzkill . but i think it's a good wake up call . . . if you act on it that is . i don't suffer from chronic depression so i can't fully relate to your ... newmango brings up some excellent points , but it's also good to see the pros of both sides . this is especially beneficial if you are still going to try drugs despite what mango said . it's good to be ... they reside in that place beyond the rainbow and in the clouds , marv even took a picture of it . seems like the general consensus is no and i have to agree . although in theory , a fwb deal sounds awesome - the process takes too much of a toll on the soul . i believe nts value intellectual bonding ... 1 . after significant relationships end i feel lost / abandoned . 2 . the first incident popped up in my head was when i had to leave my mom . my parents were divorced since i was born and i only got to ... # 3 mmm yes , i'm terribly sorry but the fellow in the green cardigan just purchased our last cotton candy toupee . however , we do have some freshly made fondue that would look great on that dashing ... 1 . extroverted ( obviously ) - > exxx 2 . low feeling with dominant fi ( money > > feelings & his feelings > other people's feelings ) -> extj make's sense : j's like order and familiarity . p's like ... a good argument , but there's a big flaw in your reasoning . if one was truly innovative and high quality and wanted the job - one would manipulate one's answers to match that of the desired behavior ... # 2 please sir , i sincerely apollengize for growing on your lawn . this won't happen again , i swear ! this is awesome . keep up the funny cartoons !