' intj , infj , intp , entp , esfj , enfj . the intp and entp i don't get to see or talk to much , but whenever we do , we pick up right where we left off . esfj and enfj friends are usually busy most of the ...  ... my fiance is an intj . we've discovered through our friendship--as well as romantic relationship--we both seem to be rooted very deeply with the same universal focus in mind . we will both begin by ... this feels almost like an intimate question . my first thought is well it can't be any sensory stimulant , because details such as muffins or swimming at the beach are things that i can ... yes . kitties . lots of kitties ! = o v o = <3 alll the kitties in the world .. i gotta say , that seems like a very well thought-out answer . the idea that perhaps his intentions were genuinely noble in his mind can be hard to swallow , given the outcome ; but i suppose it is ... he promoted peace like this : ssshhh , do you hear that ? that's the sound of forgiveness .. that's the sound of people drowning ! that's what ... ideal companion : * an extroverted thinker who will do all of the neato experiments and useful things around the house i wish i could do / would do * who has a very developed fe so that they're ... ^ ^ ^ * proof men who are intelligent and not axxholes exist * good god , yes . you hit the nail on the head . thank you . v . v my life up until now has had it's fair share of batshiz , but i think those sorts of things lend themselves more toward strengthening my overall sense of purpose .. i believe very strongly that ... what kind of person do you want , say , as an ideal partner ? what attributes does your ideal match possess ? or if you have a partner , what are they like ? the first isfj guy i ever met , i met at a ... so cute i could die . hi ... my name is christina ... and i have a problem ... it's one of those nights ... hitler was entj ... people i know intj - taurus intj - taurus entp / enfp - sagittarius isfj - pisces esfj - gemini and i'm infj - cancer xd well i have to say it's harder to type someone who is insane ;D but i can see entp . extroversion and intuition for his outgoing * cough * creativity ... thinking for the baby seals joke :P and ... robot heads ? ! o . o oh .. i .. that makes more sense ... i .. kinda .. thought they were little gray muffins ... :( i like muffins ... but robot heads make more sense xd btw thank you for the emotes ! they're ... * ihugyou * <3 that's really unfortunate that the forum meant for understanding ended up being so counterproductive and mean .. i've never experienced that , but i'm really sorry you did :( :( agreed . but having said that , i know intjs who can be very outwardly affectionate---they're just choosier . i miss my friend sarah :( i could hug her and she would awkwardly pat my back ... - folds arms - which means you probably already are nice . <3 :( nooo D: ! there's nothing wrong with you , you've no reason to hide your type and try to change . at least , not in the way you seem to be going about it D: ! that's like trying to categorize ... awww D: ! - starts to speak , stops - = x are you being serious ? emotions are very difficult to organize : x abstract thoughts are hard to share . you get kudos anyway . and i am the same way when it comes to helping strangers and people who i know who ... eh .. the details they do use are at least organized and given rather quickly ... i feel like i jumble through a thousand ideas and ramble on forever before i can make my point o_0 yes , disappointment--for that time frame--would indeed fit better . my experience with teachers is that they're much too busy to pick up subtle hints or pranks ; more like a pick up and carry on ... :( that must have made you very sad lol you guys ... always with the secrets ! i remember i wanted to send my intj friend a present but wouldn't tell him what it was and so he told me that i had enough hints to figure out his new ... takes us forever to find just the right one . you guys don't have that problem :p you just know which thing to use , immediately D: ! sometimes i wonder if you just have everything bookmarked for ... just felt the need to mention this ... this is true , right ? ... intjs are always prepared with pictures / videos to express their point . it's one of their super powers on the internet xd 0.0 much as this is a nice sentiment ... it kind of really is the perfect example ... because well ... raising your flag over your enemy may make it look like you're winning--it is ( in the case of the war ... impossible to tell an infj not to get someone a present on their birthday . that's like telling us not to celebrate christmas . it may not be special to you , but by god if we're not going to try to ... * thanks you again , because once was not enough * will rally an army of isfjs to help me bake and make noms : o together we shall capture all of the intjs ! and put them in jars like fireflies o v o - looks back at number 10 - :( or not .. even i who made this thread was so unaware of the powers of food ... * insert hades & persephone joke here * ... maybe in theory they agree / understand , but they don't always express that mutual sense of agreement xd i'd rather be safe than sorry lol elinor dashwood , you made me laugh so hard xd and i love that you've married an intj . it's encouraging to see a healthy bond between the two types lol my intj friend doesn't really believe in ... point . i think when people are focused on specific personality types though , it becomes easier to think before speaking , because you're more inclined to be processing differences . also , these sorts ... - nods - i see i was not specific enough explaining that . i don't think too many infjs back down if it's something we consider to be very important ; so that goes without saying . :) ... ;D i'm flattered . * disclaimer * intjs are always open to exceptions . for the feelers who need to hear it from another feeler . 1 . ) no matter what they say , try not to be offended . usually , they're joking ; ... i like this place better too . : x and i think you have have something there , about how the intj forum was too serious---but then i didn't stick around very long to have much to back it up with . i did ... what do you mean ? the intj forum was the first mbti forum i ever registered to . i was very new to the whole thing then and felt very out of place lol i wouldn't call it scary now ; but to newbies , it's a little ... you guys can be very friendly .. you just know right where to hurt though : x would you say you read people pretty well ? it's pikachu ! omg i was just posting how i wanted to hug them all ! ! ! thank you fellow infj ! ! ! :D * mass hugging * sometimes a hug is just to let you know we love you : > even when you don't want ... '