' i've known a couple of intps who have lived in seattle , and they ended up being a bit bored by it . kind of a homogeneous culture , and monotonous weather . you have a brilliant business plan . or it could be for just inps . :) i'd prefer the opposite , personally . lol i'm a girl on a dating site and i'm talking to an intp . i'm infp . we talk about the nature of the mind , music , programming , metaphysics , science , technology , and other interesting things . his profile ... cool , how far away were they and are you still with them ? inxp here , wondering if any of you intps have tried okcupid . if so , did you end up meeting anyone interesting ? and if so , did any of you have any sort of amazing mind-meld ... i cringe at those lyrics too . incredibly misogynistic . the mask comes off . yeah ... for a sec . infp mating dance : seek her out by accident wonder where the moment went . she likes me back : avoid her now ! shit might get real . oh fuck , oh wow ! sneak a glance in here and there . shyly ... is this all through texting ? just call him . where might those people who think infps are adorable be found ? i totally relate to this . i have fantasies about going back to call mulligans at various points in life . are you asking because you were thinking of getting on match or okcupid or something along those lines ? i have a feeling that using those sites might be a bit disheartening . you have to cultivate a ... me too . there's way too much pressure otherwise . i don't . i find the whole concept very contrived . i'm only comfortable being friends with someone before anything romantic happens . i had an intj friend and i felt that she saw me as a wimp . i don't know how mature she was , but she was a very fun person . i clash with them because they aren't up in their own head like we are , and they get frustrated with that . it makes them think we don't care about them since we don't notice details . :( i agree . but i know what you mean about intps . if i could get my intp back minus his crazy ... i just peeked at your profile cause i love your answer and it says married . what is your wife's mbti ? i'm divorced , and i never had my ex take the test but he seems like infj . as others have said , earn our trust . don't gossip , and be empathetic , for like a year , and then maybe we'll trust you about certain things . i've always had this numbing out thing when it seems like a normal infp would burst out crying instead . some examples are being reprimanded at work or fired ; being dumped ; being turned down for ... i worry that i'm always going to be the girl that looks good on paper but that for some mysterious reason that no man can explain , i'm just not the one they fall in love with . ever . is the reason you know that in the end you will hurt him because you are bisexual , not gay , and you intend on eventually marrying a woman ? if that is the case then you are truly playing with his ... my laptop . ( my cat was just here but decided it would be more fun to chase a ball across the room ) . i was comparing myself to my infj sister . of the two of us , she is definitely the more social and warm . she has never gotten angry and cut someone out of her life , and i have . she's very maternal , ... sounds a lot like borderline personality disorder or bipolar disorder . she probably needs a friend more than anything else right now . just make sure she knows you only want friendship , and if she seems to want more and you know you never will , cut her loose . not all infps make dramatic statements about their inner darkness . doesn't mean they don't have inner darkness , though . i hide mine and channel it appropriately through writing and therapy . this girl ... it sounds like your ex has mental health issues . regardless of mbti type , if she's not getting treatment for her problems , that's likely the reason she's acting odd . regarding intp / infp ... bullying . pettiness . tattle-tales . meddling . gossip . condescension . this is not going to go over well with her . first of all , we infps are very much the opposite of you intps . it is quite hard for us not to feel hurt , and the situation of showing our real self to ... ... when you feel like a raw , exposed nerve due to your emotions and you think everyone can tell how awkward and vulnerable you feel , and then someone says you appear cold and robotic . danniek , are you me ? lol i seem calm and even aloof on the surface , but inside i am super-sensitive and emo . i have a tenderness for animals that is almost excruciating , and the kind of loyalty to my friends that would make ... not sure how to describe this or what i can do to get over it , but i will try . is it an attack of social anxiety ? separation anxiety ? out-of-control fi ? codependency ? or what ? i've been scapegoated ... oh , i thought you liked both ! well , my gay cousin tells me that guys give off certain signs that they are up for hookups , such as eye contact . do you have any more experienced friends who can give ... you need to flirt ! i should think that with a few flirting skills under your belt you should do just fine . you seem to be an attractive , young , bi dude so you have a very wide playing field . just ... you could write an editorial for your local alt-weekly paper or start a blog post . try joining change.org . introverts are better at leading from the intellect rather than the podium . ( think of noam ... i think it's because we take relationships seriously . introverts can be very attractive . i've been friends with enfps and in romantic relationships with them also . they have often tended to make me feel more comfortable being extroverted and mischievous . we've had a lot of common ... is that the intj slogan ? :p roud : what i've found with nt men is that if they have an intellectual connection with a woman , their physical attraction to her increases . ( they have to already be somewhat attracted , though ) . i've ... i do want more than friendship with him . i feel like i've made it really obvious simply by spending so much time with him and offering to help him with things here and there . i joke around with him , ... then why does he say we're just friends ? why won't he make a move or define the relationship ? that's what i was wondering . he seems shy , and has no relationship experience . he's a gentle , caring soul and would never abuse anyone . he's just awkward , and sometimes tactless . we've been hanging ... i know , but i'm wondering if he's curious for any reason other than idle curiosity . it does seem strange that he would ask me that . does it make a difference to know that we were out at a ... thanks ! what should i be wary of and what kind of red flags ? it was a confusing conversation . i don't think he believes all people are abusive even though it sounded that way . but even so i'm not sure what he was getting at . i disclosed to a guy friend of mine ( like me , infp ) that i had left my most recent relationship because the guy turned verbally abusive . my friend had said a couple innocent things that triggered ... my ex-love intp would confront me when i did that . he'd ask why i was distant if he didn't already know , and apologize for hurting me , and take me out to dinner and be nice . we infps appreciate that ... '