'  dear world , apparently i'm feeling very brave today . sincerely , don't rain on my parade my bad sorry . well here then ( for real flowzzz ): vocaroo | voice message for you gettingacrossthebridge a little hard to convey it all without music but i tried . gah so scary . but i try to make myself do these things ever since last year . as much as it freaks me out ( and ... stop being so phantasmagorical guys . it's gonna make me break something when i spaz out . and here for you : vocaroo | voice message oxygen yes . love this . that was awesome . my swedish friend used to to that all the time . she would get tired or something and language would go out the window . half the time though she would forget to speak english and ... crave v1 : where can i find a solid piece of mind ? and where can i go where the silence doesn't echo ? and what can i say to make this deafness go away ? and why am i here ? this ... don't delete ! you're gorgeous ! i love the lighting . and your facial expression is very intriguing . infj , 8/ 10 . i have a lot of good and bad things to say about each doctor , each companion and each season . but that would take too long so i will just say i love this show overall ( though so far i ... one , you are on an infj thread . we love emoticons ( as for myself most of the expressions i do use in real life . my face is hilarious to watch ) . embrace the faces . : crazy : and when younger i looked ... figureskater where is this magical dw thread ? i keep looking for one but cannot find it . i just ... just . holy .. of all ... they must be a creationist ... megatuxracer good wormhole . you have very expressive eyebrows . they are awesome and i am jealous . and has anyone told you you are not handsome ? because they are silly and blind ! dear dad , sorry your birthday is forever more marred by the tragedy of 9/11 . i'll always think of you first . sincerely , daughter who loves you vocaroo | voice message innovati i too will respond to all this chit chat . you will never lack for encouragement and compliments on here ! random question : do you have any tattoos ? megatuxracer i don't know about anyone ... top 5 disney movies ( with princesses ) ( ah nostalgia ) 1 . beauty and the beast 2 . aladdin 3 . the princess and the frog 4 . brave ( i realize this is pixar but she is a princess and i am including it ) ... polka action hangover that facepalm for self moment when you just made a dentist appointment on friday ( for today ) and you forgot already . now i will have to pay for missing it . crap . ruth 2ten no it's completely your prerogative not to post a picture . i just thought of those ( because you like to send people cat pictures and your avatar ) . and being a crazy cat lady would not be ... carving home carve myself open just to see what's inside razor blades dig in , revealing what they find how many holes in sight how many places filled with slime get a good look to dissect me ... well until then i will think you look like this : 47778 ( ruthie ) , or this : ;) hope you don't ... spy i too am an infj yet i'm not much into hugs . i agree with . we have to be really good friends . people who wan to invade my bubble make me uncomfortable and have not earned the right to do so ... dear friend , get out of the only bathroom there is . sincerely , small bladder mississippi ( i always sing the song when i think of this word ) i totally get ya . and on a relevant note , i was so good last week about getting up earlier than normal and getting things done . and then from saturday to today ( and probably for the rest of the week ) ... stars alexandra delarge i put smarties in a pill bottle once and popped them in public . the reaction was hilarious . i can see the eye thing . it is interesting that in several other forums i've seen talks of how the eyes of each type portray a certain je ne se qua and the eyes are almost typed . ( chocolate ) bar reign of fire errands all completed . check . applications submitted . check . fun picnic while watching shakespeare at the park . ready for it . guillotine . did you see my prom date ? we made hilarious pics like that the whole night . but i will concede defeat on this point . i'm never too stubborn to admit such . well then you are a better man ( person ) than i . you can pm me the videos , doesn't mean i have to look at them . the pics however are instantly seen . : ninja : mysteriousmoon man you look so badass . i've always wanted to look badass . i can only manage something ... well i can always pm them to you . * evil look in yes while rubbing hands together villain style * bubbleboy let me guess inglorious bastards ? i watched it too . i did the household chores for my dad yesterday and needless to say he was surprised . i did it for his birthday ( a more practical ... how many of you either have a bunch of pictures where you've covered your face ( or half covered yourself ) or ducked out of a picture altogether ( the picture that never was ) ? wondering if it's an infj ... i am slightly thinner boundary with a 43 . interestingly however , is if i had taken this even just 2 months ago i would have had a much thicker boundary . stone 100674 it's ok i forgive you . though you beat me to asking you to describe you and your dates outfit . glad i didn't have to . i may just look up outfits to see what would have been closest and ... '