' 1 . yep . very much so . i was born into a baptist / legalistic family and brainwashed for a good deal of my life . it wasn't till i was 19 that i came out of it and took a good look at it for myself ... it's like seeing a unicorn become the banana king . : 3 and i wouldn't have known what it's like to be truly loved by someone . ;) actually ... i'd wish you'd continue that thought over some coffee with me ? ;) pursue is such an open ended ... relative word , wouldn't you agree my dear ? ^ . ^ ' who can traverse the unbridled paths of miss-fortuned lovers but those alone who were meant to cross it ? dichotomy yep . that just about does it . * lmfao * you're awesome . i know this is a really old post , i can't help but comment on how true it is though . all around everything mentioned is quite real for many couples . one thing i've noticed is infp's are like a grab ... heck yeah it is . ;) mkay here's my take on sexy music ( video specifically ) as an infj . what makes it sexy ? well , it's how he's singing and the nuances of his expressive eyes and ... never so far . i first took the test as part of a college course and got infj right off the bat . out of all the kids in the class ( about 80-100 ) i was one of 2 infj's . it was kind of embarrassing ... my eyes start at the bottom and sort of lift up towards the fading trails in the background . since it is a realistic photo , my mind wants to breathe fantasy into it . i try to imagine it more like ... we've all played checkers and chess at one time or another i'm sure ... even if it was out of boredom at crackerbarrel . - _ - but what i want to know is if certain types favor one over the other or if ... oh yeah . i've made it a habit to actively tell friends where i'm laying things like my purse , phone or coat down so i can make sure i don't forget it . after a nice long afternoon at a friend's house ... most ? while the list could quite possibly be infinite ... when i try to quantify it i'd have to say honesty . without honesty , how can love grow ? deal breaker ? gosh ... lying to my face . you'll be ... ( was typing and it took me too long to respond ahaha , i fail : my dear one , rain was not in my original blueprint ... i preferred a great mist from the earth to sustain you and the creation around ... turn the music up . if it's techno , beat heavy i'll dance all around the room . if it's dark and soul heavy i'll sing like my heart will burst . try getting me to do that in public ... never . xd i ... it depends so much on the personality i'm spending time with . for instance , i have one friend ( i won't mention her type because it's borderline ) who from the moment i see her an energy meter pops up ... off the top of my head ... phantom of the opera and newsies i've heard infj from several intj's ... so it must be right . o . o oh gosh , uhm ... big is so relative , haha . two things . 1 ) i need to really decide which career i'm going to whole heartily pursue . i've studied and gotten my bachelor's in new media / graphic design , ... for me , beauty on the outside is easy to find . i've never been too picky ... though every once in while a handsome guy can walk by and practically make me fall to my knees . ^ . ~ on the inside though , ... omgooosh ... there's something terrifying about seeing distant family members after a long time . especially my cousins ... i usually feel like we all have to do this fake dance of hugs and pretend ... in high school it was analytical geometry . one of the few classes i felt i was actually using my brain in . in college i definitely enjoyed my logic and psychology classes most . yellow when you walk into a room ... take one look at it's iq ... and promptly walk back out . it's like christmas all over again ! :D there's rarely something as uplifting to an infj as someone confiding in them . it's kind of like being asked to guard a secret treasure . i should say though , we ... i don't know any that aren't female ( that i can remember ) . and i haven't hit it off well with the girl's i do know , but i think that's more because they think i don't like them . i'm more reserved ... or maybe ... i made an account in my sleep ... : o omg , where did all this coffee come from ? ! tyty :) yeah i know , i thought that was weird ... i'm gonna guess it's because i never hit the activation thing until my friend bugged me into getting online ... or maybe it doesn't start counting ... for the most part , i always want to be left alone initially when i'm upset due to a fight . if i'm angry , let me leave right when i say i need to or you'll get a mouth full of frustration . i respect ... initially , i don't think i'd be able to ask a question . i'd probably fall to the ground and thank him for creating me . even with all of the terrible events in life ... i have seen love , honor , and ... according to my chinese zodiac pillar ... a fire tiger . intj's huh ? ... hmm . i've known 3 for certain in my life , one of which i dated for some time . without romantic interest , they tend to be full of quirky information and are mildly to highly interesting ... your moderation is a bit extreme don't you think ? ;) touche . i suppose asking if dying in moderation were good or bad might be opening a can of worms ? awesome link btw . xd hmmm ... i told myself i wouldn't just do empty posts for this ... sooo tempting ... it's more difficult not being able to post links yet too . let's see ... how do i feel about both hitler and jesus ... for the most part yes . :) ... like food for sure ... spending habits ... pets ... drinking , lol but other things perhaps not . would i want it said of me ... her smile and laugh were in moderation . ? ... lol , thank you my ... conscious ? ness ? :) tea ... i like it . green tea is my 2nd favorite next to well brewed and mixed southern sweet tea . ... mcdonald's sweet tea is probably cancerous . hmmm ... oh ! i can talk about how i found out my mbti ... it was a required test in a college class . i got overly interested when i heard that infj's were the rarest type and researched it pretty hard ... heh , and hello there mr . cafebot . can i get an espresso ? ... oh you're not that kind of bot ... well darn . * thinks too hard and gives up * let's see ... music is nice and ill-targeted ... i like sad , dramatic music . it's kind of odd to me when i analyze myself because i'd prefer a full emotion over a ... hi world , sorry i'm a standard , overly-common infj so nothing too new here . : rolleyes : i made this account oh ... 3 years ago and got bored before i posted anything ... then i got the bright idea to ... '