' it's like anger with the hulk . the secret is he's always angry . intps are always lazy . even when we work we don't want to . when we have to work we find the quickest , easiest way to get the job done ... whatever you decide good luck ! i actually considered patent law at one time , but ultimately decided not to go that route . to qualify for the patent bar you do need at least a b . s in a relevant field and a j . d . however , firms ... i'm currently in civ v as well . my latest game as japan had me making the world safe from the zulu with my great white fleet of frigates . when they launched a naval invasion of sweden , they never ... isfj also in the interest of full disclosure , i would highly recommend considering alternatives other than law school . i would be doing you a disservice if i didn't warn you . the legal industry is ... just like the logic games section you need to be able to spot the types of questions the reading comprehension section uses . once you can identify the common question types , answer types , traps etc ... right now i am a solo-practicing attorney and i often tutor students seeking to take the lsat or bar exam . for the lsat , people tend to have the most trouble with the logic games section . if you buy ... when i can sleep in i almost always stay up most of the night and sleep in most of the afternoon . hardly anyone is awake during those hours so i am free to do whatever with fear of interruption and i ... it is exactly like this with my mom ! pretty much our whole dynamic revolves around me wanting to tell or ask her about random things and her wanting nothing to do with it . we have it down to an art ... in college i was in afrotc but quickly discovered i didn't want to put up with the military mentality . i have the greatest respect for those who serve , but it just wasn't a good fit for me ! esfj : why are you leaving ? me : do you want the red pill or the blue pill ? esfj : what ? me : you know the matrix , if you choose the red pill i will show you just how deep the rabbit hole goes , but if ... right now . i was going to go play some games , but i decided to check intp sub-forum first . what can i say , i like to live on the edge . aren't you beginning to feel time gaining on you ? it's like a predator . it's stalking you . oh , you can try and outrun it with doctors , medicines , new technologies , but in the end , time is going to ... right i saw that part . the powers that be could believe every word we say about our knowledge of advanced technology and they would still most likely see us as a threat and choose to end said threat ... let's get real . if an intp were sent 1000 years into the past and tried to radically advanced civilization over night we would probably be burned at the stake or stoned for our trouble . sometimes i feel more for or relate to anime characters more so than real people . i wonder if it has more to do with the quality of the shows or the sad state of most of the population ? you know you're an intp when a continuous chain of other things grab your attention and before you know it has been months since you've visited perc or the intp sub-forum , but like most things you ... i choose d , there must be other options . i refuse to be pigeonholed into choosing a , b , or c ! made some miscalculations , got stuck in a crappy world line , still trying to find the steins ; gate ! indeed trimming is the way to go when it comes to unwanted body hair . never go full razor . . . you're too late , between meghansolo , rift , and myself we have already called dibs and divided the spoils on pretty much everything of value even his physical remains . in perc , the law of dibs rules ... hm well it sure seems like you have given this a lot of thought . do what you will with the remains , the body matters not . all intps become one with the force anyway . right grandmaster yoda ? now that i think about it , i didn't even make an intro when i started posting . i just thrust myself upon the community unannounced and unsung . jade heart it must be fate ! i've given it some ... you joined in nov 2013 , but are just now making your first posts ? you really are an intp ! welcome home brother . sure , sounds fair to me . but can you be so sure ? who knows what misinformation we may be spreading in this thread . do you think intps would just divulge our true secrets so readily ? if knowledge is power , then to be unknown ... not all at once i hope haha . did you ever get caught ? dibs on his other stuff . for science . . . what if the world fell into chaos and the only remaining remnant of civilization was the perc intp-subforum ? 1 . i don't know what other thinkers think , but for me i love my ti and my ne . i wouldn't change them for anything . maybe , i would consider something like entp with ne as my dom and ti as my auxiliary ... why is it so hard for some people to just have an open mind ? to be able to see something from another perspective just for a moment even if they don't ultimately agree with a particular conclusion ? ... every time i successfully convert a person who had previously sworn off anime , it makes me feel like i've won in life even more so than most of my other so-called professional accomplishments . senpai noticed me ! me : the post must be drawn here ! this far , no further ! keen observer : wait aren't you just taking preexisting quotes and replacing keywords with the word post ? me : ~ stands defiantly ~ you shall ... this exactly . my nephew bless his heart , expects to be treated like a prince . i don't blame him , it's just how he was raised . whenever , i watch him i make it clear he's living in a different ... what are your general views of raising kids ? or how did you raise your kids if you have them or how would you raise them if you had them in the future ? i don't have any kids yet , but i have an 8 ... nothing . who has the time and effort to decorate ? i do however , have plenty of things in my closet or storage that people have given me to decorate my place . i tell them , if they want my place ... sometimes when i'm especially in need of entertainment , i'll check out the infractions sub-forum to see who's been naughty . . . so i was playing three player war with my nephew ( he's 8) . i proceeded to name my empire / deck of cards britannia . my nephew said that was a stupid name ! he named his country ashville and said that ... intps that are older are more likely to have more developed fe and could lead them to take the considerations of others into account based on how they would feel . also if an intp is an enneagram 9 or ... hey , my avatar is in this screenshot , i'm practically famous ! i laugh in the face of sensors , then i run and hide until they go away . . . my philosophy on this issue is simple : multiple relationships multiply your problems . sure multiple women sounds nice in theory , but i believe the reality is far from ideal . still dreaming of the day my city will get google fiber . comcast is the bane of my existence . just watched a part of the show are you smarter than a 5th grader ? how this is not guaranteed money ? you know how many times you have to win in jeopardy against other intelligent people just to get ... you unlock this door with the key of imagination . beyond it is another dimension - a dimension of sound , a dimension of sight , a dimension of mind . you're moving into a land of both shadow and ... ~ throws pokeball ~ got to catch them all ! the intp-subforum awaits you . if only we could explore other potential world-lines and figure stuff like this out , then we could pick our ideal or optimized world-line to exist in . speaking of kids , another one of my best friends from college just found out that they are having a girl . almost all of my close friends are now either married or married with children . my news feed ... '