' anyone else have extensive but nonsensical conversations with their pets when they're alone ? yes .. the only other infj i've met is my psychologist :/ :P you know you're an infj when .. - you hate when people think you're better than them - you can sit alone for hours doing absolutely nothing and still be perfectly content - you screen almost every ... woops .. hahah ok here we go your global 5 / sloan type is rloai your primary type is accommodating extroversion | 20 % orderliness | | 54 % emotional stability | 38 % ... < div align = center > < table style = color : black ; background : #aecbd1 border = 0 cellpadding = 0 cellspacing = 2 width = 270 > <tr> < td style = color : black ; background : #eee > < div ... i wish i wasn't so anxious all the time ! oh yea and the insomnia sucks too . bleh i defffinitely have esp .. it's a little overwhelming at times personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? bryttanie / brytt - any nicknames ? * male / female / trans ? female location - where were you originally born ? where do you live today ? any ... i'm sure these results are skewed a liiittle due to the majority of the people on this site being introverted :/ .. when you film yourself singing / crying ? anyone else do this ? no ? one of my best friends just found out she's pregnant . she's 21 . rluan - socially unskilled , unable to speak up for self , depressed , low self confidence , afraid of providing criticism , discontent , negative , apologetic , not a leader , quiet around strangers , prone ... when you're about to watch the neverending story and you're truly extremely excited about it because just maybe you dressed up as the lil indian boy in the movie when you were a kid and ran around in ... my doctor has recently just gone against the patient-doctor confidentiality rule and called my mom , telling her everything i've recently told her and that she believes i need to be withdrawn from ... if they offered pumpkin spice lattes year-round , i would be the happiest person in the world uh i'm not really sure if there's a specific look of an infp but i know that your eyes definitely have a warm , caring feel to them . i think it's more in the way you act though than the way you ... my best friend is an intp , and you sound exactly like her haha . but yes us infps are extremely caring and genuine and we can't help it .. at all . i suppose that's a good thing , but when we're ... i feel like we're all here for some purpose , and our goal in life is to figure out what that is and to pursue it and ultimately become exceptionally aware of exactly what we're supposed to be doing ... i definitely understand why some people are against the concept of smoking weed , but for me it relieves stress , helps cure my insomnia , is not addictive , and relaxes me way more than taking xanax or ... .. when you randomly decide to feng shui your room to create more positive energy or chi , and research the concept for days before completely rearranging all the furniture and switching to ... i just want you to know that you just made my day . last night when i was holding a newborn baby because i just kept thinking about how i may never find someone to create something so special . dumb , i know .. i'm sensitive / depressed / infp whatev ha staffan yes i have , unfortunately at the moment i'm going through a tougher time than usual and it's been hard for me to keep anything in my stomach .. so i'm not even strong enough to walk up and ... hellooo ! i am new to this site after just finding out my personality type yesterday ( i got a lil too excited after i saw how accurately infp describes me ) and i'm completely addicted already ! it ... i'm a scorpio , and i struggle with severe depression , social anxiety disorder , and panic attacks :/ ick i'm new to this site too ! isn't it intriguing ? i really enjoy talking to people with the same personality type as me ( infp ) . you should share some of your thoughts on any of the idealist ... i see warmth :) i'm new as well :) welcome ! i smoke weed regularly , mainly to calm my nerves electronic / indie bands like crystal castles , the xx , pretty lights , bassnectar .. each band plays some music that can be found on a sleep playlist and some music that can be found playing at an ... after finding out that i am an infp i told my best friend to take the test and her result was intp , and now that i'm reading about it she fits the description exaaactly .. socially awkward , unable to ... ehhh hungry / exhausted / anxious coffee , class , stumble tell all of them ( in the world ) that they are classified as a specifically rare personality type and that they are not alone , and to google everything they can about themselves and maybe even join a ... just took a bong hit , stumbled upon personality types , found out i was infp , didn't really think anything of it , googled this site , read this thread , and now i'm freaking the fackkk out because all ... '