' that could create some kind of social movement ! and many babies would be born ... except the kids would all be different types , so that'd undo everything in the next generation .. yeah sorry about ... so that's why infjs seem so impossibly chill in public .. you guys get it out of your system in private ! ( i swear , my body is chemically reacting to imagining being in the middle of a sea of infjs - my ... finally , a straight answer ! so um .. * shifty * .. this conclave you say ? um ... * appears casual * whenabouts a year is that ? i'm asking for a friend , a um .. infj friend , yeah her .. her card expired you ... you can't fool me witch , with your modesty and distracting me with redirection , i know you're guilty , confess ! ! what is it , a glamour charm ? some kind of potion you slip in people's lunches ? ? ! ... trust me , i feel the vice versa in these situations . i agree with that . especially the development at 25 thing - i can hold my own in that class , and actually connect quite well with everyone ( being an enfp helps ) , whereas maybe 2-3 years ago i would ... i don't think it's feasible to date her in case that's what you're implying , she's a little out of my age / experience / maturity range i think haha , although i will probably hold a bit of a controlled ... it's witchcraft i tells you ! ! ! how can she have a significant effect on my mental health as a virtual stranger ( i don't have mental health problems , but there is the possibility to enhance mental ... i think in very simplistic / generalistic yet somewhat undeniable terms - there is a trend where enfp males are more likely to go for infp females purely because of the t vs f function ... ok , so i have an infj in the course i've just started . she's older than myself , so it's different from my other interactions where i either dated them , or at the least there was a close friendship ... if calls me to action , i'm basically going to come .. this is honestly a difficult question - in my experience , i tend to behave slightly differently toward different personalities . when i'm ... this is going to be controversial - but i feel people like himself and jim carrey are both warning signs for enfps .. they both gave / give so much of themselves to the external world , they were bound to ... bit of both i'd say . i'm 25 ( 26 in a week ! ) , and i'd describe my early 20s in a lot of the same adjectives you seem to be doing . most confusing thing is that you come out the other side feeling far ... i think it's clear that you are moving toward a direction of knowing throughout your life .. maybe we just don't live long enough as a species to fully realise it . i mean , certainly i feel it with ... i love it . totally agree . actually infjs are relatively decent at this compared to other introverted types in my own experience . infps for example , i have the biggest problems with - they are more ... could you have a word with my exes in particular ? the funny thing is - people don't really want to have an enfp in full-engagement .. that's the greatest irony of it . two reasons - first , people ... yeah , i think going freelance or starting my own business might be the answer for myself . i'm starting to come to the conclusion that only a high degree of autonomy and / or career mobility can keep me ... this . for me , maybe it's because i feel words are inferior to being able to talk face to face and use voice / body language , i feel like i need to write more to make up for it . other people seem to ... yeah you're still early in it , you gotta give it a bit longer . drink calorie free caffeine and drink a lot more water too - i go to the bathroom to pee about 3x more than i used to which is a pain , ... you're absolutely on the right track with it then , those are all the right reasons in my view . yeah , i experienced a change in my relationship to food too . i remember my first few days were extremely ... i started intermittent fasting 6 weeks ago to make it easier to manage caloric intake , which has kind of necessitated me to maintain a routine for myself out of choice for the first time in my life , ... it can go either way . there are common examples where people try and fail from that position , just like there are common examples of people who are married starting from that dynamic . depends ... it's strange how the infp forum is probably the place where you get the most thanked on average .. yet i post something very true to infp life like this , and just the fact that it goes against the ... push-pull goes perfectly with infps . the push is just necessary to show interest and get her thinking , the pull at the right moment makes an infp trust you , because they realise you're going to be ... i hit peaks . usually when i get back from traveling i am 10x more charming than otherwise , then it wears down as i get into the routine and complacency of general life . i think i need to be meeting ... that's basically how it feels lol - at least the conscious flirting . i know i tend to flirt , but it's always confusing whether people are talking about enfp-flirting where it's conscious , or ... have you noticed this ? i live in the uk , and the current generation of young adults , let's say 15-23 year olds , have had a huge shift in fitness behaviour . of course , you still get a huge amount of ... i'm turning 26 in 2 months , but i'm just getting around to doing my masters degree to get onto my real career path now . when i talk about an ultimate goal , it exists as a much bigger picture ... definitely . i think a large part of the problem for me is that my life goals / direction have required transitions over the past several years . even when i do have a social life i love , and have my ... i'm an enfp myself , and i find other enfps either charming , funny , annoying , overly-emotional , overly logical , dark , needy , warm , patient , impatient , generous , selfish .. it depends on the person , ... yeah this is the one thing that i really respect - it's the main reason why i respect te types in general . for some reason i love that unbiased type of perspective ( just to prove it - it's actually ... the reason i say top 10 , rather than top 3 or top 5 is because i don't just want the traditional categories . i mean put the likes of career and relationship in there too , but i think trying to ... it's literally random . depends on his headspace at the moment . we can be consistent and grounded when things are going well , but by the sound of it he's not exactly in a perfect space at the ... socially : estps , because we kind of want the same space / role in groups , but we're so different , so it often ends up being one of those uncomfortable battle of wills or something . ( infjs are ideal ... 1 . are you friends with any infjs ? if so , how many infjs are you friends with and how close of friends are you with them ? i've dated one then were friends , and been friends with two others . i've ... that tends to be context a lot of the time though . we prefer the risk of saying something in the hope of getting a connection or positive impact , than to not say it in the hope of avoiding being ... this is something i'm just starting ( like literally , just starting the journey to at the age of 25 ) to understand about myself ! i made a deal with myself that i would enjoy my youth during my early ... i think enfps generally have a tendency to dislike authority , but we don't naturally pursue leadership positions either .. however , what i'm noticing more and more is that i dislike being someone ... this is such a difficult question , i don't even think i have a straight answer at all .. i know my perceptions of people , especially certain types of people like other nfs , goes deeper than most ... there's no concrete answer . it depends on his attitude at this time . i think i've maybe been in similar situations like yours as the enfp a few times in my life - and honestly it's not like i just ... i would look into using the postgraduate route to shift careers rather than doing a full bachelors - they are shorter and could even end up taking you up a level instead of sideways . just see what ... i'm 25 , and i think the most difficult thing for our generation is how little the previous generation can do to help . it's a very different field now to 20 + years ago - in the uk around 50 % of people ... enfp you say that you can't relate to more extroverted enfps , but most people don't understand the range of personalities that are within themselves if they had the opportunity to discover them ... enfps still have to go through things that life / society puts in front of us , in order to get what we want at the other side .. so that's where you're going to find most enfps who go against their ... i used to get massive burn-out at university like this . the thing is - we're not wrong .. the less we miss out on , the better our lives get and the happier i feel . it's just this damned human body ... yep , there's a duality to it . the compassion , understanding and feeling side before the line .. and the cold , unemotional , uninterested ruthlessness of passing that line . i used to hold onto things ... haha , your path is so similar to mine .. i'm a ba sociology ( loved the course ) , and enrolled to do ma careers management after i finish teaching and head back . i wish i'd followed through on my ... i promise you i am genuinely helping when i say this - no , there is nothing you can do or advice to give . people need to process their own emotions and deal with things according to their own ... i'm thinking about it - and it shocks me just how much things have changed since i was a child , and yet in a lot of ways i'm exactly the same . the odd thing is that it was my adolescence which is out ... yeah i think that's fair . i have two personalities at this point - the fun side which is always joking and trying to enjoy himself , which is kind of me just being my age .. then the side you refer ... '