' i love björk . she has such an independent and innovative methodology . i want to say she's ni dominant . her sound is always changing , but she does each iteration to such completion . so ... inxj . i'm always listening to music . usually , i'll play games and listen to different albums , artists , genres , eras , etc . i write and produce my own music . that's fun and challenging , and i try to make a ... i would strip down , and mark my territory . then i'll watch how long it takes people to stay quiet . 200450 spirit of eden u200b - talk talk the joker is pure evil . one dimensionally , unquestionably , irredeemably evil . and he is so fascinating ! ! ! so , complexity works to a point . sometimes , just being a massive son of a bitch is all ... any jane austen novel , right ? she was supposedly an intj . so , there's that . no . we're not critical enough . why the hell are we not laying down our criticisms more liberally and more aggressively ? ? ? now ... 1 . we have the facts and we're voting yes - death cab for cutie 2 . bon iver , bon iver - bon iver 3 . ok computer - radiohead 4 . illinois - sufjan stevens 5 . let it be - the replacements this is a date movie for couples who have been in relationships for a long time . not a first date movie at all . in fact , not really a great date movie at all . watch something cute , like lars ... no it is not . it's about sisters , but not why the idea of sisterhood is inherently more powerful . and anna is only able to rescue elsa because of a male . and what bond ? that's contradictory . these ... well , why not push that angle ? why not make a real statement about sisterhood that is devoted almost exclusively to this ? why not give both anna and elsa some true , introspective moments ? no , ... oh gosh ... let's see , the postmodernism was stupid . so predictable , and not particularly well observed . you can't marry someone you just met . that's been a criticism of disney films for years ... i want this movie to die already . i'm so sick of it . to be fair , it's not terrible , but it has to be the most overrated shit ever taken . just ... not particularly inventive or interesting . it's funny , ... i always take the reverse of appealing to ignorance on the matter . there's so much we don't know , so much that is too neat , and so much that is too huge , for me not to believe there isn't a god . now , ... social anxiety doesn't excuse or erase being shitty . and her voice isn't any prettier than any generic pop singer out there . the only difference is that she acts sleepy , and somehow that subdued ... i think they're instilling empathy into their kids . slowly , but surely , those kids need to realize that a world exists outside their sphere of reality , and they are not above the law . kids need to ... not really . love is irrational , so to act as if it's some concept that can be deconstructed and made logical is not how i want to spend my time . that being said , i know exactly what i want in another ... my favorites ? ( in order ) 1 . death cab for cutie 2 . radiohead 3 . bon iver 4 . the national 5 . the flaming lips 6 . sufjan stevens 7 . pink floyd the best ? ( in no order ) 1 . the beatles 2 . rush 3 . the smiths 4 . sufjan stevens 5 . arcade fire 6 . pink floyd 7 . captain beefheart and his magic band it's been a while ... i'm working on three albums right now , but my first five , and some eps and compilations will have to tie people over for now . heh heh heh heh heh ... music | the split ... oh man , oh man oh man ... the trailer is ... impossibly shitty . i hope i'm wrong , and i hope that the film is great , but wow . it looks so terrible . absolute , breathtaking genius . in terms of grammar or speaking ? yeah , for two seconds . then , i feel like a jackass because having the ability to correct someone means you know what they're trying to communicate , which was the ... what can i say ? i'm simply drawn to the best of things . holden caulfield - intp ( i've met quite a few intps , and if you get to know them well enough , they sound exactly like this . ) jay gatsby - infj huckleberry finn - esfp the old man - estp mercutio ... have you seen this ? it's on netflix . easily one of the best new comedies airing . what do we think about these characters and their types ? the ensemble is great , and the characterization is very ... post-rock is really good for this , as well as a lot of idm . there are some artists who will write stream of consciousness lyrics that are there to fit the music . talking heads has done this , sigur ... i'll just list some movies that are obscure in my circles . primer upstream color watership down five easy pieces the bad lieutenant the commitments the conversation battle royale i don't look for anything in music . i look for music that has anything i like . making a list of likes and dislikes will severely limit what i find . if i had a real list of things that i looked ... i could see esfj . fe would be a very fitting dominant function for a lot of his argumentation . regarding the vividness of hitch - 22 , he clearly has strong si . entj . he was a domineering power monger , but a very longterm-investment sort of person . ever since i first saw her , i immediately thought estp . it has stayed that way ever since . honestly , she doesn't look at things or communicate thoughts the same way an intuitive would . intuitives ... i find hitchens , from his interviews and so forth , to be far too pathos oriented for an intj . dark knight trilogy batman - infj b : tas / jl / jlu batman ( a . k . a . the best portrayal of any batman ) - intj originality , clearly . you don't need a big budget . you don't need any special effects . all you need is a great concept that's well executed . unless they prompt dickishness , i afford kindness pretty freely . 7/10 everything pre-tenant was much better to me . matt smith is okay . pro-wrestler . xntp . pulp fiction . do not get me wrong , i still really like this movie , and maybe it's because i see its influence too often to understand why it's so great , but it bugs the hell out of me when people go ... walter white . bryan cranston is a genius , and has made the character rather iconic . gun control is silly when a simple google search can find you directions so you can make napalm from the stuff underneath your kitchen sink . grab a computer , some food , and maybe a pillow . go into an empty room , lock it , and don't come out for a while . secret to my success . jack - ixtp wendy - esfj danny - infj holloran - enfj kubrick never really develops characters , even though so many of them are instantly memorable . they're usually just props . he's more about ... infjs are most similar , seeing as we both have the same dominant function . esfps are least similar , because i want them to go away forever . xnfp songs , that's for sure . i'm really into iceage's last two albums . quite awesome , i must say . going back a ways , i'm really into descendants ' milo goes to college . hell of a punk record . i want the 12th doctor to be a nine year-old black girl . that would be the most original thing that moffatt could do for that show . consistency - does the novel flow well , or is it paced well ? is it even in quality ? appropriate attention to stakes - does it take itself too seriously ? does it neglect pertinent aspects of the ... oh , no question . chutes too narrow . '