' a general introduction to psychoanalysis by sigmund freud . a huge one when i decide to turn on the charm . it's very easy , really , because as entps , we are adaptable and it's so simple to know exactly how to speak / act around certain people to mess with them a ... my fe is pretty developed , to some extent , at the least . although i have a tendency to be a bit too apathetic to other's feelings . supposedly , it is my teenage angst and general dislike for the rest ... i'd like to imagine that i get along with the nts except the entjs , as far as i know , i don't get along with the entjs i know very well . my best friend happens to be an infj so there you go . i go on tumblr until i reach my post limit and then mourn over character deaths , watching tv shows till i have to sleep and put off my homework . it doesn't make the boredom go away but hey , i'm a bit ... the way i see it , the thing with entps is that we think about all the possibilities that could happen and it makes it hard to make decisions knowing all the things that could happen . i honestly think ... oh , just normal things . not much going on today . like murderers , pizza and how much i hate every one . badass classical music . went to the bookstore two days ago . planning on reading the sherlock holmes stories , the hobbit , a book on marilyn monroe's death as well as one on audrey hepburn's life . i used to be really upset about how i was nice to people without getting anything back - but eventually i managed to get my head out of my ass . i've come to realise a while ago that you can't - and ... well first of all , i'm not even old enough to consume alcohol yet , but i have managed to have some now and then , and although it feels fun for awhile , if i drink too much it makes me feel terrible ... i don't wear socks with my shoes . the one episode my friend showed me was alright . i laughed once during the whole thing . perhaps i don't find it as funny as it is to most people . i would like my wedding to be in my backyard or some place like that , my mother the only witness from my family , and the rest , just a few close friends . lots of alcohol . i do realise now that i am , indeed , afraid of failing , but that is rather minimal . i am afraid of space / the universe because it is vast and infinite . the worst thing , though , is my fear of ... i got intp a couple of times because dodgy mbti tests often mistake being anti-social for being introverted . i got enfp once . i i get bored . shit happens . well done . ugh . anything but coffins . buried the middle of the woods in the suburbs of ireland ; i don't care . pssh guys . brainy's the new sexy . took the test thrice : score of 16,18 and 17 , accordingly . if i was smart enough i would probably be able to think of some tactics to make me more attractive anyway . except like most of you i'm already smart and attractive . i hardly vent but when i do i brutally scar someone extremely hard by screaming and taking everything out on one person . and they'll feel terrible and hate me for the rest of my life . wondering if my parents divorce had anything to do with me being an entp . if it does then i feel kinda bad since i like being an entp . meh . you do exist asdfghjkkl well i mean most of the entps . the thing with me is that i get interested in a lot of things but then i get bored of it and give up on it . sometimes i am far too lazy to do anything and get bored ... guys , i'm flattered . excuse my lack of elaboration , i'm rather drowsy . also , no need to apologise , curiosity is good . so to start with , i need guys who are smart like me , or smarter and can discuss and debate ... the grotesque noise of pure boredom radiating from and around me . i know it's an entp thing to get trapped inside the universe of boredom a lot , and it sucks . how do you cope with it ? personally , i like to groan a lot and complain to my mother about it and ... i don't know about the rest of the entp girls , but i just find other people so dull ; as they don't make me think or stimulate my mind in any way . i think all the guys that don't want to date me just ... wearing band / fandom shirts out in public is me hoping that my ( non-existent ) soul mate that loves all the same things that i do will see my shirt and fall in love with me and marry me and we will ... mostly lots of classic rock , psychedelic rock , alternative rock , rock & roll ( the chuck berry sort not the poser type ) and the sort of pop / doo-wop of the 1960 ' s . i like quite a bit of jazz and stuff ... i do that all the time - i only have two friends , partly because a lot of people don't like me and also partly because i chose to hang out with only those two people . i just think everyone else is ... i can get dates if i want them by acting like the type of girl they like - but i'd rather not because it's boring . but when i act myself ? i don't know .. a few guys like it , and i think most of them ... had that pizza again about why everything is so boring . i'm dying . i have nothing to do . i only consider two people to be my friends - my best friend an infp and the other guy a esfp . they need to put more m & ms in that . there are far too little in a single packet . i don't see what's so fantastic and great about my birthday at all - i don't feel special or older , at most i just get a bunch of people i don't care about faking their joy and wishing me a happy ... we sure are fun and interesting , aren't we ? whatever i feel like and whatever is comfortable enough - band shirts , skirts , casual dresses , shorts , whatever . though most of the time i stick to pjs and isolate myself from the stupidity ... whatever i feel like and whatever is comfortable enough - band shirts , skirts , casual dresses , shorts , whatever . though most of the time i stick to pjs and isolate myself from the stupidity ... stay up till 4:30 in the morning and wake up at 1 . decline outings with friends . sleep . watch movies . sleep . and perhaps go overseas with my parent if he has made plans . basically - holidays are ... perhaps i was stressing it a little bit and it's probably different from every entj . but this is from the entjs i know , and perhaps my dad is a little more extreme with it because he actually works ... pretty funny , us and trying to understand feelings , huh ? thought quite a bit about george harrison today - 29th being his death anniversary and all and the fact that i'm a huge beatles fan . also ... your score : 18 0 - 32 = low ( most people with asperger syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20 ) 33 - 52 = average ( most women score about 47 and most men score about 42 ) 53 - 63 is ... i don't know if this counts , but i kind of have to get this off my chest anyway . i make guys that like me think that i'm interested in them too because i need the self esteem and i do it for the ... '