' i like to play rogues ! if i can add an extra specialization for magic , like having a familiar ( like a ranger ) or noise muffling ( like a thief ) , i usually do that . getting certified to teach anatomy and physiology of course side characters die . hell , you could say almost all of them die . the characters are in a branch of the military that has a 50 % kill rate for first battles . even before they become full ... i'm ccat . :) if i like someone , i try to ferret out their interests and become an expert in those subjects and try to impress them . somebody's into anime ? i'll watch their favorite series . i'll read their ... my father isn't a cynic . he was when he was younger , but now that he's lived more , he's simply very wise and realistic . i know a lot of types don't fully mature into a healthy version of ... this is true , even in the manga . the main characters don't die . this series is an incredibly worthwhile watch because it actually portrays how people really act in terrible situations , the good ... anime would be rah ! xephon , saikano , and air video game would be persona 3 , the stuff with shinjiro well , i can speak as a mistyped intp . i was typed as an intj for most of my life . i have been professionally tested 4 times , and nobody got it right . why ? because society values judging more ... i'm plenty adventurous . i love going to brand new places i've never been before and navigate them completely alone . i make it a goal to try and understand what it is to be a local in the place , ... i'm bipolar and have asperger's . the bipolar hit me like a sack of bricks the summer after i turned 18 , but my doctor was hellbent that it was unipolar depression until i was 23 or so and finally ... yeah . i'm bigender transmasculine . i would love to see something other than the broken page . please help . exactly the same . bonus points if i can really mess with someone's mind . my mate is an infj . both of us are childfree , so him actually becoming a father is something that he wants to avoid at all costs . i wouldn't say that he is fatherly , but i would say that he is ... o_o most schools i know of have computer science and physics departments . i mean i was a weirdo and went for two degrees , one in genetics , one in linguistics ( cognitive science and japanese ... i got a 33 on my act . i don't remember the exact breakdown but i remember getting a 36 on the reading . i think i just got one of those test prep books and did it cover to cover to get ready . i ... my best female irl friend is an enfj . she's obsessed with pink . everything must be pink . so i'm not sure about the purple thing ... 1 . i can joke about absolutely anything . why ? because i'm not being serious . 2 . i have more limits about who i would tell a joke to . the cracks i'll make with my partner at home are far ... yeah , cost of living wasn't too bad adjusting to here . restaurants seem to cost the same . this townhome is much nicer than the townhome we had in lansing , so i can't even compare that . ah i see , ... no the only thing we specified was project . like if we wanted app engine , we'd have gone to san francisco . he liked the google cloud project the best , which they just said was in the seattle area . ... oh we didn't want to live in the city either . we actually live in redmond , so just east of kirkland . he just takes the bridge across every morning . and i unpack boxes . it seems that's all i do ... yes , he is an infj . to him programming is an art form which he uses to create masterpieces . so , a bit of a different view than an nt would have , i think . i'm the one who came through the ... :: appears and looks quizzically at the posts :: are you me ? my husband just got a job with google last month and we moved to washington . is he in the seattle or kirkland office ? i know my ... uh dudes , my partner works for google . got the job last month . he didn't come from a top university . he didn't have the best grades . he didn't do extracurriculars or shit . in the interviews , ... ha , i'd have to disagree on the perfect triangles though . you have to think of the depth and roundness too . and what i hate about the moving ones for costume props is that they don't mimmick real ... i love cat ears , but i think it has to to with subculture rather than type , since infs like them too . the subcultures just happen to have more ints in them than elsewhere in the world , or so i tend ... there are certain anime series that have a certain episode that will make me cry . rahxephon is the one that's most salient to me . i don't often seek this out , and if i were to see it often , it ... ah ! where has this thread been all my life ! ? i run into everything . i drop everything . i played sports as a kid , but man i was terrible . now due to medications i require to live ... i have a ... noted ! i may even wash them with other pairs of pants . all i have to do is look on the floor ... i've worn the same pair of pants for a month . perhaps i should wash them ? my best online friend is an infp . my best female rl friends are an infp and an enfj . my best male friend is an infp . in my more outer circle is an infj girl , an intp girl , an isfj guy . i ... being attractive and female bodied , and thus the submitted princess of the scholastic bowl team made me sort of a symbol . people project what they want onto symbols . i may have been clumsy as ... with her , i think she just equated charisma as an e trait . i can lead and charm with the best of them , but then i need to go home and sleep in a dark room for a few hours until i've recovered . and ... i'll say it out loud when i'm talking to mbti friends ... and then somebody will be passing by ... as i talk about my pness . mortifying . yeah , i have a house to unpack . i've done the kitchen . it took me 3 days ... ( bad ) heh . pness . people associate me with my father and say that i'm an intj like him . i mean , we're a lot alike , but i'm so not an intj . i did have a guidance counselor in high school who thought i was entj . ... yes , yes it does . the way you cling to values of tradition and security feels very infj to me . same thing with prioritizing order , but not always being orderly--xnxj types have this happen a lot and can get mistaken ... well , we are the rambling professorial sorts . admit it , it is comforting to hear the sound of your own voice in your head as you read what you've written . it sounds so much more put together than ... i just got called out on writing long text posts ( in particular answers to asks ) on my tumblr yesterday . guillty guilty intp . argentum uses reply . it's super effective ! good to have you here , fellow intp . funny , infjs and entps are often my favorites , too . what sort of gaming do you like ? i figured i'd give it a try . infj : i married one--he gets me . i have to be careful with infjs though . if we don't have shared values , we get in big fights . my friend's wife and i sometimes ... we ... i am actually working on getting published via amazon . my first book is around 70k , so i'm working on the edits , now . ( i just moved 2500 miles so i haven't gotten back to that just yet . once i ... yoroshiku onegaishimasu ! yes , it is a tricksy place ... that and i have an intj father who everybody was always like oh ! you're just like him ! therefore you must work and live just like he does ! which , granted , we're a ... hello everyone ! i'm argentum . for most of my life , i've been mistyped as an intj and it's had dire consequences for my heath and career . but hooray ! i know better now and can steer myself ... when i left mi it was 0 outside . brrr ! here , i am wearing sleeveless shirts and sandals . our heat is not turned on . it was 55 degrees today . i am in looove . but maybe this is because i was in ... i tend to get into arguments with esfjs where i don't understand what i did wrong . i disregard their feelings apparently , don't provide adequate support , and i just say the wrong things . silly ... yes . i had to wait 20 years to get here , but i moved into my new house on saturday . fleeing the midwest . blegh . '