' would you mind explaining further , maybe giving an example of this ? ninjahitsawall hi ! ! :] if something can be sweet , salty , spicy and tart at the same time ... i'm in love ! i love mexican candy for that reason . sometimes i will daydream about my soulmate . even though i currently have no interest in a relationship , i still like to think about what it would be like . thank you for being the brave one and going first , you rock ! :) i'm often told i'm kind and smiley . had they not told me i probably would've never realized this . i believe in being treated the way you want to be treated . which is hard sometimes because not ... i love what you wrote ! i know one and she is the sweetest , cutest little thing . i don't think she realizes how entertaining and interesting she is . she also makes me feel very loved . even when she doesn't agree with my ... what is something you admire about yourself as an infp ? :D ( let's put self modesty away for this post ;P ) so happy you have such a wonderful relationship with your sister ! : joyous : mystikro lol i have to force myself to stay quiet when my mom ( infj ) and brother ( ixfj ) are having issues . he's already told me to butt out so many times , so i try hard to stay out of it . thanks for responding ! is it cool if i ask which family member is an infp ? hey , thanks for this insightful response ! this is so much food for thought . for example i feel he pulls the wool over his eyes too often with other people to the point where he cannot see their ... tentacular haha sadly yes , if i don't care enough about something you dang right i'm going to be a lazy ass : glee : charlie.elliot my mom is an infj and i agree about having great conversations . although we both have to be in the mood for talking . but those are the best times with my mom . we will sit in the ... do any of you have a family member that is an infp ? what things do you like and dislike about there personalities ? is there anything you would change about them ? it's raining right now , it's so nice :) i get teased by my family about this but i feel attracted to the guy other people see as not so attractive . only if they are humble , nice and polite . i'm easily put off by guys that come on too ... lol i'm exactly the same . at work i'm described as quiet , calm , nice and polite . but at home i'm totally random , energetic , cuddly and as you say wild . wish i had an answer but i ask myself the ... freespirit 777 yes , i have replied ficsci bravo to you for having standards and self-worth ! ! ! yippy okidoke ! : happy : wuatenigenu i get you ! don't you just hate it when your subsconcious messes with your game ? :p staceofbass i completely understand what you mean . i was talking to a coworker about this the other day when she asked why i was single . in the past i just found it a natural thing to want to ... waltermitty hey ! happy to read you are taking time for yourself . good luck : happy : teanigami well i'm glad you ended it with the guy that wasn't making time for you ! life is too short to put up with people who don't make time for you . so you haven't been able to talk to the ... hello fellow infp humans , i tried looking for a post like this but couldn't find one and i'm very curious . if you are single , * are you choosing to be single ? * how long have you been single ? ... i was the other way around haha ! when i first started learning about this i took an online personality test and got isfp as the result . so i stuck with it until i learned more and found out i was ... i had my first real spiritual encounter with jesus when i was reading a bible 3 years ago . i had just hit my rock bottom in life and i was so depressed and hopeless . he brought me out of all of it ... i usually never commence the flirtation just because i'm scared i'll get an akward rejection . so if they start flirting with my i go along with it . there has been times i've tried flirting with a ... i love myself enough to respect my body and only share sex with a person who truly loves me . older absolutely ! i work at a nursing home on purpose . i've bonded with some amazing people who are 70-90 y / o . i had the privledge of caring for a lady who had a beauitful soul . i literally wanted to ... birthday , pizza , suuugar haha yeesss , a co-worker always tells the new employees be careful with the quite one referring to me lol and you damn right ;) 1 ) * alarm goes off * 5 more minutes ( repeat 5 times ) 2 ) realize i'm going to be late again 3 ) converse with myself literally into getting out of bed 4 ) heart brokenly get out of my precious warm ... thanks , will be on the lookout for fun classes ! ! greetings ! :) so lately i've been feeling very lonely . i just moved out of the small town i grew up in , to a close by neighboring city . my close friends from school have started they're families ... do i work closely with an isfp ( i'm an isfp as well ) and fell in love with him over time . i thought the feelings were mutual until i found out he has a girlfriend and i confused his feelings toward me ... i'm really sorry that you're going through that pain :( i know that it's the worst feeling ever . i'm so proud how well you are acting about this situation ( in front of her ) . you're acting very mature ... i know us isfp's are very private but i thought since this is a safe place for us maybe you guys could share your experiences . my brother passed away in may and i feeled very puzzled over my ... hahaha yeah sorry totally what i meant ! ! when you talk to yourself and / or reanact a situation where you wish you could have said / done it differently . ( my mom is an infj ) ohh i'm sure they will ! you are our rocks , even if your worried to death you never let it show . as the kids we always need that , someone to look up to for being so strong . oh my gosh yes , i'm so lucky to have her as my mom ! luckily she does a great job of keeping me grounded in a gentle way ! thank you for the advice ! i will do ! ! that's all i want for her , to feel beautiful and special because she has gone through a lot and she is always strong ( or atleast doesn't let us see her weak ) and ... hahaha ! a lot of talking you're so cute , i know what you mean my coworker is an estj too ! :) i'm an isfp and my mom is so amazing , i love her to pieces ! isfp daughter and infj mom interaction : when she gets home from work we'll sit down at the kitcken table and have long deep ... when someone is talking bad about someone else and you don't agree with what there doing but play along because you don't want to get on that persons bad side '