my room is immaculate . ... because i'm in a hotel room on holiday right now . : tongue : the one at home is definitely ' interesting ' . it looks like bombs went off in my wardrobe and bookshelf , ... * waves * same situation here ( plus enneagram 5 ) . i don't think i'm a true ambivert ( debate about whether true ambiversion is possible or not aside ) as i do seem to lean towards entp , but how ... i've noticed quite a lot of people saying they don't like politics or business ... huh , i actually find them really interesting . i like the concepts and seeing the links with other subjects , i think . ... it basically depends on how much i want to talk to a person and what mood i'm in . i often don't particularly want to ( i'm not a very strong e and i'm a ' detached ' enneagram 5 ) , but i do prefer to ... i do think i'm an entp , but i never filled out a questionnaire and i'm curious to see what i come out as . first of all , i'm pretty sure i have high ti . the question is ... how high ? i want to put ... i don't know why , but i get very annoyed with the confusion of the words ' women ' and ' woman ' . my accent very clearly differentiates these two words and ' e ' and ' a ' aren't that close together on the ... what makes you so positive that this guy is a nt rather than another type ? also , what kind of stuff does he do that makes you think te ? what's this guy like in a dispute with you ? what do they ... your global 5 / sloan type is rcuei your primary type is inquisitive mostly but don't completely identify . bolded bits are true . : shocked : all of that is me . all of it , down to the science ... entp here . i'm another person who doesn't really think about time . my thoughts tend to wander everywhere with random concepts , questions and possibilities and so i rarely think about my own life ... i'm also a 16 year old entp ( 17 soon ) . i feel you , bro . i'm waiting it out . it feels like i'm stuck in a rut , but it all seems a bit better when i imagine all the possibilities for what i could do ... it does depend . i have a particular love of ixtxs because i usually have great conversations with them . we tend to share a lot of interests and i enjoy seeing their brains blow up when they meet a ... ok , now i want to ride a robot . ( perhaps this should be in the porn thread too ? ) you've done cool new invention , i'll pick a cool old one for contrast : antikythera mechanism - wikipedia , the free ... definitely yes in terms of friendship ( my best friend's an enfj ) , no in terms of romance . i don't think i know any xnfj guys either , probably because they're fairly rare ? obviously i can't ... all of that is me . ( down to the psychic androgyny - i don't see why i should either conform or react against gender stereotypes . ) the ploy is working . ;) i consider myself centre-left on the british political spectrum ( so a foaming-at-mouth radical in us terms xd ) but i can see the logic behind that . tbh , it could go either way . on one hand , we're ... same as gingertonic and alfreda . i don't recall a time before either ti or ne . i'm guessing that micky is the reason you're asking ? i suspect that my parents did play their part in fostering ti ... hey , bawbaw ! my suspected enneagram tritype and borderline i buddy . :) anyway , here goes : i'm not a loud or offensive person . i'm quite reserved and polite most of the time . many ... yes , it really depends on the individual and how deeply they were into the interest in the first place . a few months of vaguely liking something - whether it begun as a raging passion or not - is ... yeah , they can be a bit simplistic - they go on behaviour rather than actual thinking style a lot of the time for reasons of practicality . sucks though . i took a look at your thread in the typing ... i'd agree that it appears more common for entps to mistype as others than for others to mistype as entp . saying that , i notice that there's a certain sort of person who seems to mistype as entp ... it's 9 now so , definitions of morning notwithstanding , it's well and truly , definitely , completely morning . or - is it ? does ' morning ' truly exist ? can morning , afternoon and evening be said to exist ... it does depend . why do you want to contact him again ? why aren't conventional methods of communication suitable ? what was the interest ? i'm curious now . :) like slowpoke 68 said , i never completely lose the interest . i'll probably still think of it as an interest for a very long time , if not forever . a few months for one topic of interest seems like ... i'd like to join you guys in learning computer programming . python or java sound good . i'm also someone who isn't necessarily looking to be a god-level programmer at this stage - i'm not planning for ... play chess online , free ! - chessfriends.com ( i'm an infj really . ahem . ) good morning ! it's half past 4 here so i should probably go to sleep ( and fix my sleeping patterns ) ... : frustrating : i find it very difficult to truly dislike a person . in my head , there are a ) people who i like and b ) people who i do not like . people who i dislike are few and far between - they tend to be the ... yes to everything you said , op . i care enough to avoid offending people too terribly most of the time when simply bored ... but bored and irritable , man , that's a bad combination . i made a friend cry ... in an exam situation , i've been taught to make a plan and go through with it . although i follow a logical structure in writing , i'm usually not very faithful to the original plan . plans are skimpy ... i might tear up , but i don't usually cry during films , reading books , adverts and the like . i imagine that only the most overwhelming sadness would make me properly cry . like the people above have ... tl ;d r the only solution is self-flagellation before a block of cheese . you'll soon seen the error of your ways , for we are all as nothing before the power and majesty of the almighty cheese . i think i'm a damn good listener , but that's because i'm barely an e > i and deal with a bunch of extremely strong extrovert friends who always turn conversations towards themselves . : laughing : ` ... yep . i'm often considered selfish , lazy and unadventurous because i don't want to go out for ' family time ' . if it's an interesting activity , sure , but i don't see why they need me for things i ... ideal type - entj ; real type - entp . well , it's no big secret that i like being me but wish that i was more organised and decisive . to specify , i want to be a more balanced entp who has fewer p ... i'm normally ok at socialising but it fluctuates . the exact level depends a lot on the type of social situation , the people i'm with and interest levels . it varies to the extent that i've been called ... [ double post ] hello there ! this is weird . how many other 16 ( ish ) year old entps are there ? this will not do; you must all be destroyed . : wink : the ludovico technique ... but used against books instead of people-bashing and beethoven's ninth ? was that witty enough ? : sad : perhaps this could be another guilty pleasure ? i never wear makeup in day-to-day life - doing art on my face every morning seems like far too much effort when i'm not even looking to attract guys at ... ( so ... where do you find these professional makeup tutorials ? : laughing :) what are you talking about ? the first two were the best two ! ickle harry , ickle ron , ickle hermione and awesome ... i've noticed this in myself too . i start out strong and enthusiastic at the beginning - i . e . nobody knows anything about the course and it's all about encouraging you to see the connections and ... i would imagine that he could . i was a repressed and shy kid too , but i did troll my little brother when i was a child . bless him , he didn't know any different when i earnestly told him that mushing coloured crayons into a paste ... [ double post ] dingo thank you for your detailed response . i wouldn't presume to know how my friend thinks , so i'll try again to get her interested in understanding cognitive functions and see whether she ... * cuddles the cuddly infj * don't worry , there's enough entp awesome to go round for everyone . : kitteh : i'm exactly the same as you . i usually test as only 55 % extroverted and my friends would describe me as more introverted . i'm in high school too ( and can't wait to get out , argh ) . i didn't actually watch the episodes ... but i kept up with the x factor last series . i liked knowing what people kept going on about and being able to hold a conversation about it , okay ? * is ... the thing is , i don't really know - she will rarely express her ideas until she's absolutely sure she's right , so it's difficult to get a read on ni or ne . i don't know how to tell from the outside ... i'm not an intp but i still do this sometimes over breaks and such . there's facebook now so it can't last for long most of the time , but i'll occasionally just lose all energy required to reply to ...