' you're entitled to jack shit , emotions are earned . by hard work and sweat blood and shit . what a slut . wanna do it with me ? i'm pretty good at it . jesus christ calm down it was only a joke . only a truly evil person would roll a joint for a kid and put it in their avatar like it was something to brag about . nice try , but you're fooling no one . i love you , you fucking asshole . this is offensive on so many levels . i can be pretty competitive if i wanna . only thing i suck at most everything . i wanna die in the town's water supply . i wanna lie there for days . rotting . dissolving . i'd get to share my body with everyone . i'm sure they would all enjoy ingesting my bodily fluids . dunno about non-morbid . infrared self-loathing been heavily tickling my insecurities for the last six hours or so . this thread makes me wanna cut off my dick yeah i think so too , but i don't really have anyone i can fully confide in . i'm so egocentric , i'm tempted to say infp i only have this , which i printed out . it's pretty empty besides that . i do have some strengths i guess , but they hardly benefit me in a social context . the only way i can view myself as equally important is by going full nihilist , rendering everyone equally ... what's one of your most awkward moments ? tomoko kuroki from watamote . tatsuhiro satou from welcome to the n . h . k . they're the only characters that i feel come close to my level of social awkwardness . it's weird how i can't think of any ... the inside of the cupboards in my grandmother's attic . guardians of the galaxy - most overhyped piece of shit since avatar , only thing avatar is a masterpiece compared to this blue velvet - am i supposed to care about these characters ? am i supposed ... the general community seems obnoxious , but there are some neat blogs in there . because , when i enter the room everyone else get to feel confident and manly in comparison ... i thought it'd make a nice contribution to the benefit of mankind . my purpose in life and so . well , by ... i'm struggling to accept most people i meet will never respect me and always look down on me . being a wimp sucks . people . they can't be trusted . and i get physically sick of people who would want this endless cycle of suffering and general horribleness to continue for the sake of their own personal enjoyment . as i see it , the good things in the world don't make up for the bad things . in other words , if the world was destroyed , reduced to nothingness , it would be an improvement . if i could , i would ... yes . got no self-esteem to lean back on , to distance myself . don't have much confidence in the things i do . also , i focus so much on the negatives , one single nitpick can render everything ... i was , for a while , before life turned bad . i always had an easy time learning things , but my fear of failing probably played a significant part as well . wouldn't really say i find them funny . pleasurable sometimes ( but at the same time unpleasant in ways ) . appealing yes . i guess it's not the healthiest of pasttimes , but i don't really prioritize ... i try not to let it . i consider watching videos rather harmless , what i feel really bad about is the few instances i've slipped up irl . not going into detail , but i figure most people would ... i don't know , it just kinda happens sometimes . i got no excuse . eh , i don't know , maybe . i've never seen myself as one . i don't really act the way you would expect a sociopath to do , 99,9 % of the time . i consider myself a huge softie really . but maybe i'm ... nope , i usually feel really bad at the same time . however sometimes i think i detach , sort of . i think i might have some kind of jekyll / hyde thing going on . i like thinking about myself getting emotionally devastated in all sorts of ways , but i'm gonna go with sadist since my sadistic fantasies tend to be in the more extreme end . i can get a real kick ... is it because it'll cause them to overlook nice guys , so to speak ? i don't know , i don't think i have much common sense . i probably like dandelions the most . i don't understand . root : under-active (-8 1 % ) sacral : under-active ( - 38 % ) navel : under-active ( - 62 % ) heart : under-active ( - 12 % ) throat :op en ( 25 % ) third eye :op en ( 31 % ) ... slightly oversized t-shirt + sweatpants is my favorite . my aunt loves buying old clothes from flea markets and thrift stores and such , to sell on the internet . the clothes people won't buy she ... it kinda varies in intensity , it gets pretty bad every half a year or so . but it never seems to stop . depressed lonely neurotic intelligent creative i kind of hate the entirety of humanity . that's pretty impersonal though . the only people i hate on a personal level are the ones who bullied me back in school . it's been a while now , but i hate ... i'm guilty of this . if i'm not in the mood for talking ( which is pretty much all the time ) i tend to postpone replying , since it feels more like a chore than anything else . it feels so pointless ... chaotic neutral . though last time i think i got true neutral . artstation i can't see my eyes are in the way i can't reach reality is at an awkward angle i can't go nowhere is everywhere i've heard stories . thanks ! i like yours too ! '