' lol . ok whatever . it's pretty clear that you don't . there are millions who do . i suggest you read this book and then you will too . :) why evolution is true : jerry a . coyne : 9780143116 646 : amazon.com : books ... you're correct . we are apes , but most laypeople consider humans to be something other than apes . more evolved , i guess ;) i'm beginning to think you're right . no one can claim to have studied every subject that caters to unique intellectual abilities ( whatever that means ) and fooled around with producing music and be ... you can scrutinize over evolution all day , but you have no idea how evolution actually works . you think that a bacterium or a monkey is a primitive version of a human . all i can say is oy ! ... there's a lot i could say to this post , but i will merely address this point . read the following book and you will have your fossil evidence and you will never be able to utter this claim again with ... music theory , while entertaining , is still theory . germ theory , while entertaining , is still theory . evolutionary theory , while entertaining , is still theory . do you understand how ... he orders a drink . a time traveler walks into a bar ... i'm an electrical engineer that designs wireless chips . i don't love it but it's challenging and it pays well . my dream job would be biochemist or neuroscientist but that will never happen . i'll ... yes . anyone who thinks a god who created the universe would have a personal relationship with you hasn't yet grasped how cosmically insignificant earth and its inhabitants are . not sure about that . i don't think muslims claim that allah is all good ; they claim he can do whatever he wants because he is god . they are not bound by the problem of evil the way the christian is . epicurus already did this , at least the idea of the type of god christians worship . next . are you agnostic about leprechauns , fairies or unicorns ? i doubt it . you don't believe these things because there is no evidence they exist . kind of like god . and why should an atheist need to ... just curious , but why do you believe this ? because that's what you want god to be ? why can't god be evil ? maybe the bible is a complete lie ( well , not maybe ) that has been fabricated to fool ... who caused the who that caused the big bang ? see , two can play at that game . ;) you still don't get it , even after it has been stated many times . atheists claim that there is no evidence for a god ( lower case ) . if a time comes when a god reveals himself in a way that cannot be ... no doubt . much of it comes from dealing with moronic creationists for most of his life . oh yes ! what a smart , smarmy little worm . you think richard dawkins is pretty much right about everything but you still think he's an asshole . when you aspiration is to eventually morph into ron swanson . when somebody sends you an email / text with not one , but five exclamation points at the end of a sentence and you think idiot . ha ! i just took the normal mode test on the socionics website and came out as istj . it appears i'm an introverted thinker , but i knew that already . : confused : absolutely , but you're overestimating the size of the earth . i calculated what size the earth would be if the solar system was the size of the earth , and it would be about the size of the rabies ... exactly . even richard dawkins , public enemy # 1 on the theist's shit list , has never said he is certain there is no god ; he states that there is no evidence for a god and without evidence , he sees no ... about the only thing i know for sure about myself is that i have a slight preference toward introversion . i used to consistently rate as an intj , now i usually rate intp or istp . neither seems to ... haven't seen it , but i'll check it out . thanks ! i wanted to touch on this point . there is evidence that the universe had a beginning , but there is no proof that it did . science never proves anything ; it only disproves things . when a hypothesis ... even if i were to grant that the things you have listed are evidence for god ( and i don't . there are rational answers to all of these supposed proofs or evidence that you propose . ) , i would say to ... who knows ? maybe the universe is in an eternal state of life , death and rebirth . read this short story by isaac asimov . it's a fun read even if you disagree with it . :) the last question if something cannot come from nothing , where did god come from ? if you say he always was , why can't you say that about the universe ? every person , theist or not , has the same problem of first ... former dutiful evangelical christian now turned atheist . i think i always was an atheist , but i was raised in an environment where i could never embrace it . so i lived with the normal cognitive ... a classic ... termites form defensive armies , but they don't wage war i guess . what about chimpanzees ? the form groups ( i guess it depends on your definition of large ) and go on hunting raids for chimps from ... thanks for the mindf * ck ! i really needed that today . : nick offerman really is a master woodworker . he builds custom furniture and boats . talented guy . offerman woodshop my favorite line ever from pandr : ... that's impressive if you can tell that from one pic . ;) ebulllient my wife ( the classic esfj ) and me . we're polar opposites but we're madly in love ! 81722 assume i'm stupid . what's perc ? i learned that the rhinoceros beetle can lift over 500x it's own weight . for me that would be like lifting 45 tons ! i know the effects of gravity are less the smaller one gets , but this still blows ... i feel for you . i understand some of what you're saying . i grew up in a conservative chrisitian household . i tamped down my disbelief because i didn't want to hurt anyone . i love my mom who is a ... i'm happily married to an esfj ( twenty years next year ! ) and i couldn't imagine enjoying life with anyone else . not to go all jerry maguire , but she really does complete me . i like to think that i ... anyone read this ? it might be the best science book for the layman i've ever read . it's right up there with cosmos . the author , nick lane , is a british biochemist and the book tackles some of the ... thanks . i appreciate the frankness . i agree it's completely irrational . if only i could turn my mind off and stop ruminating on these things . that would be true relief . that's one of my primary ... i'm not suicidal but i don't fear death at all because i'll either get the answers i'm looking for or i'll stop asking the questions . : wink : i completely agree with you on interacting with others to get the insights i'm looking for , but then i start thinking about david chalmers ' descriptions of zombies who look and act like conscious ... monty python , steve martin , stephen colbert , jon stewart , the office , and seinfeld just to name a few . i don't understand why you're asking him this question . your post seemed to be asking for help on social interactions or indicating that you wanted to interact with this group but were unable to . ... i've been ruminating a lot on the subject of consciousness for about a year . it frustrates me that i'll never really know how other people perceive the world other than through observing them and ... '