' intp's , did you ever caught yourself talking sh * t , nonrelevant stuff when you actually thinking that you're quiet as f * ck , reserved and smart . and u like : waaagdsgklshnsgjhsg ... oh , its ... music industry / values being mocked  warning : you may feel violated latvian , lithuanian , russian , english and german ( crappy , jaaahh ) it's astonishing how much of a thoughtful and intelligent people this internet site brings together . it would be awesome to collect and convert all these thoughts into a substance . it could easily ... good movie , very intpish soundtrack jeez , lets be a little immature and listen to some skrillex music ...  my avatar is related with my personality.its a drawing of a black panther . as a whole panthers are loners although they do associate with others , they are most comfortable by themselves or within ...  keep in mind that the universe will continue to expand no matter what . your age / ufeff 2 + 7 = okay age to date . : laughing : they're higher dimensional i guess . ningenexp , you have a good taste , sir . :p roud : infjs probably eat only canned , labeled as infj foodfood . kudos for thread author theorycraft , procrastination level detected : high : crazy : its beneficial to those who can't express using words . especially if you love that person , boils up the transcendental connection .. , not as much as sex , but it shure changes your state . : mellow : every enfp i've met was hot enough for me to premature ejaculate . wooot mega radical stuff : crazy :: crazy :: crazy : edit :: crazy : adderall documentary i love complex , layered and ecstatic music in wich i could put myself in those memories that never were real.and its cool to percieve it differently every time you listen . electronica , ... i'm too callous to other people . and i spend more time playing computer games and talking with myself than talking to females . dear destiny , this is eyes pupils counscious and verbally capable brainy tissue . our body's admin has went into hyper procrastination mode : blushed : and apparently were runing low on food supplies ... half eaten dogs falls from the moonlight sky . not romantic . i don't know myself enough to be totaly comfortable with any living object in my proximity . to this day there were two misunderstandings in my existence ( omfg , sounds like a robot speech ) , those ... i've got an entp friend who would undoubtedly be a partner in burning down old people's appartaments . whenever we're both in the room i feel a part of some sect . haha.yeah ... 3rd year gets you real . college , tourism management , starting 3rd year ( need to find a job or i'm on my parent's ass with this shit ): crazy : : crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :   : crazy :  ! ... i love you hey guys , i have a printer how can it scan ? i need to scan document . be intp , be odd ( don't blurp or fart ) : ur not watching tv and shit ur like reading a lot - have a big book shelf at your room just in case.remember you are nerd a little but you have style , ride a ... when your friend asks to explain what you've said . enfp ... gosh ... they are so f * * king real in everything they do . the more you look weird to others , the more you are a personality . that is why i practise add , o sh .. pancake rain D: . whats up , i pay for all the drinks for everyone in this thread ! ! ! 1 ! ! ! yo , exept guys . meet me at bar next you . peace out : * * * add is when i say that the average blood cell makes a round trip through the body's arteries and veins every 60 seconds and then continue painting a beautifull landscape . wait ... thats ... i ' ve visited my friend's house while dreaming . talked with her a little in english ( not my native language ) . woke up . the same friend i was dreaming about called me and asked me to help her with ... enfp - the champion not a surprise . since i've already met an enfp girl long time ago . its been crazy ever since . i know that she liked me-and i have really strong doubt that i was her first ... '