' i am a little comforted to read that other people are skeptical about beatrice chestnut's depictions of instincts , because while i couldn't really make sense of most of them , i could almost only read ... i'd like the world to be hyper dramatic , a little like my fantasies , for a change ... with a lot of things happening , lot of changes , lot of opportunities , lot of romance , lot of overreactions ... it ... i wonder if my gut fix isn't 9w8 rather than 9w1 . i tend to get angry easily , and i am able to externalize it if i believe it is necessary . but it depends on the persons i am with : with close ones , i ... oh shit . i am often told this . not that much now , but it used to happen a lot in junior high school . i hate it . 1 : what's your mbti type ? infp 2 : what's your gender ? female 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? i was told that i was npfi , not referring to this i guess because ... the description doesn't look like me at all . nfpi , why not , haha ! i'd say 5w4 over 5w6 , just because they have this more mystical vibe , which is probably more appealing to me . : tongue : i guess it's just a different kind of foresight . a for other types , here ... the way i see it : harry potter : isfp , of course . clearly fi-dom . enneatype harder to find . ron weasley : esfp 6w7 hermione granger : istj 1 , though i find her rather sensitive and i sort of can ... all of this is too complicated . i'm just going to sleep . funny . i live in europe and i don't think estj are really liked here . they seem too aggressive and disciplined to most of us . i do know estj who seem well balanced and who usually are liked ( even by ... for me i'd say this : 4w3 ( sw5w4 ): most people are trite let alone have any ability to see the real me behind whatever image i present to them . 6w7 ( sw5w6 ): i never know enough about things to ... 1 . do you hate esfps ? why ! ? no ! i really don't ! actually , the description seemed pretty appealing to me the first time i've read it : it seems like someone who both would be fun to be around and ... is every 6 either phobic or counter-phobic ? i have been told that i am a 6 , but both attitudes seem exaggerated to me ( to describe me , i mean ) . either recklessly confront your fear or running away ... no 4 answer ... i am not positive i am a 4 ( might be a 6 ) , but so far it's the type i relate the most to ... i don't relate to the 4 insult here , nor to the 6 ... as for the 4 , i would rather try ... i think i definitely am a 4-6- 9 : this fits a lot . story of my life . every single day i am confronted to this . hmmm ... i know i will sound very elitist ... but i'm not into the appearance is not important stuffs . that might be true for some people , but not to me . physical attraction counts . it's sad , but ... hmmm ... i can't see jaime as 3w2 , it might be his image fix , but his reputation clearly isn't what he values the most ... even in season 1 , he suggests to reveal publicly his love to cersei , while ... all this topic makes me think that i actually am 4w3 as i guessed it first . it was one of the first descriptions i have read ( because i tested 4w5 ) and i felt terrible when i read it . i have felt ... i'm not sure it's a good idea . it can give some ideas , just like a map ( i maybe wouldn't have thought of a estj positive character by myself for example ) , but it's risky . actually , i didn't create ... i tried to type ( many ) characters . eddard stark : istj ( but as he's very sensitive sometimes i'm not sure ) catelyn stark : esfj robb stark : difficult to say ... enfj ? ( great leader , sensitive , ... it seems that i am . it seems that i don't look like a pleasant person at first sight . sometimes i am thinking about something very funny or feel excessively happy ... and then someone tells me : you ... 1 . as students , do / did you prefer studying and thinking things through alone , or did you prefer studying in group and / or discussing ideas with your colleagues to better understand them ? it's ... thank you everyone ! ^ ^ thank you ! well , yeah , it seems that there are a lot of infp around , but the 40 % remaining have different types ! ^ ^ hi everyone ! i've been around for a month , so i've decided to subscribe to react when i'm interested , to get to know myself more accurately and ( why not ? ) to meet some people ! all types of ... '