sounds like he is borderline-dependent . you bring value to him by being his friend which completes him , and hes probably had bad social rejections before ( dependent ) . his emotional states are fairly ... originally i've been a welder ( manufacturing ) and i'm on the verge of a career change doing admin work at a manufacturing place after finishing business business administration , so it's blue collar ... you're pushing a lot of impersonal facts , ideology and heavy topics . if you're using an isfp to validate your thoughts , beliefs , or feelings all the time , it can get very annoying . are you offering a ... female hypergamy : the practice of marrying up . when you really understand what hypergamy is , your dealings with women will become very predictable . women usually reject men because they are not ... i've kind of borrowed the the body language and mannerisms that entjs exibit to appear driven , powerful and dominant at work . so when a higher up is explaining things , i appear like i'm judging and ... a gift that i can hold on to for a very long time and get value from it . high end measuring instruments , hand tools , musical instruments etc . yep there's a lot of meatheads on construction . i have installed steel railings , structural steel , doorframes etc . i'm 31 and have ' baby face ' looks , and it's always the older middle age slobs that ... construction .. interesting . in such a male dominated industry , do you have to deal with any nonsense ? do you get along with the people ? i'm a metalworker , but building up a nest egg so that i can afford to live on the apprentice wages as a jeweller . to me , a jeweller is the best of everything . hands on , i can keep my ears stretched , ... i did pretty average during school with the exception of english , history , art , metalwork , and woodwork and i hated being there . later on after leaving school i became a tenacious reader and i think ... i have dated a female esfp . the conversation flowed well , we both gave ourselves permission to be big kids . there was a bit of verbal sparring and competitiveness . flirty and playful . she didn't over ... it's called hypergamy ( or marrying up ) . a women's biological imperative is to find a taller , more attractive , higher social status , powerful and more resourceful male . we still have a lot of our old ... you never know but maybe he is depressed , has low self esteem and is trying to avoid people . does he act the same way with everyone else ? i like the open and friendly cultures that are esfpish . brazil and a lot of other south american countries , as well as thailand and phillipines . pump her emotional state with light hearted humour . tease her playfully . if theres music in the background , start dancing . to get her to come to the table , you have to encourage her to break away ... i think it's more about looks , confidence , style of dress , and perceived social status at the very beginning . especially on dating sites . the personality type doesn't come into play unless they ... thanks for the reply ! i dated two different enfj girls in the last two weeks and here's what i noticed : - very conservative / sophisticated fashionista style dress with carefully chosen ... you can often line up quick factory work through recruitment agencies with minimal experience and no long term commitment , and also meet some interesting people like backpacker girls :) just a ... lead him by the hand , and then tell him to lead you . just give him encouragement to step up to the plate as a guy . rest your head on his shoulder , show that you have invested in him . as a 31 year old that did exactly what you did , and has had the same problems with girls , i just wanna say this : please have a grander image for yourself . look at a lot of older men that never ... 1 ) have you ever dated an isfp before and how was it . 2 ) what do you prefer ? badboys , adventurers , sophisticated men , or artisans ( i . e : musicians ) ? 3 ) what do you find most annoying about sp type guys ? i think isfps can lead in things like : sports , martial arts , fitness , architecture , hospitality , creative direction , nursing , teaching or technical trades like carpentry or jewellery design . ... my dumb and happy esfp friend at work makes random animal noises or does drive by farts . when theres a bee gees song on the radio he sings with a high pitched voice . when we walk past we do kung fu ... i'm socially intelligent but i'm too dependent on extroverts to get me into a talkative state . i'm like a rock . i have to be pushed by someone else to get rolling . the weight of the world can feel crushing , humans are essentially competing with each other for resources , sex , power , money and status . when you throw a mild mannered , easy going , non assuming , and ... learning krav maga was a big thing for me . probably the most no nonsense fighting system out there . his shy , calm reserve may have hindered his ability to sexually escalate with women in the past causing some confidence issues . also the gap in his dating history , may suggest he has lost his rhythm ... the reason i make the point about male isfps is because being dominant and assertive is mandatory . the common isfp traits like the lack of desire to lead , be dominant , assertive , stand your ground , ... i have similar problems , i have lots of aquantances through work , gym and sport but no close friends , most of my friends from school relocated and i barely get in touch with them . the only thing i ... i go very istp ( i think it would be common with male isfps ) when dealing with people that i perceive as immature , annoying and lacking in social intelligence . i end up having the steely look , the ... playful competitiveness is awesome . getting one over on people is not . if you value self improvement , you can learn a lot from entjs . if you're a male isfp and you want to be more assertive , decisive , and driven , pay attention to what they do , minus the arrogance ... being verbally affectionate is something you can learn . pay attention to more extroverted charismatic people like esfps . pay attention to what they say and how it makes you feel when they talk to ... i find istps and istjs will do it too . having a nice conversation with someone is about good emotions , making you feel relaxed and enjoying the moment . this is especially true for girls . when people ... sps would say : the big brown fox jumped over the lazy dog nfs would say : well there was this fox right and he kinda decided to do some jumping , so yeah , the fox he had like this brown fur and oh ... the hardest thing to do is to get started . it's so easy to live in the moment and stop to smell the roses . all you can really do is say to yourself that there's no excuse , even if you don't want to ... idealistic , obsessive , creative , individualistic , hedonistic sure i start conversations . when someone dominates the conversation , it's okay if they are offering something of value like a funny story . if they cut me off , and go into a long monologue and come ... i'm better at working tools , electronics , metalwork , mechanical work . i do have some drawing ability , but it hasn't been well developed . a lot of my miss spent youth was doing graffiti art , but that ... creative work for sure . when i have to think logically , it can be a bit distracting . sorry to jack the thread , but i had a really bad experience with an istj co-worker as well , that put me in a massive grip . did you find he / she would be completely self absorbed , wouldn't listen , ... any gaps in the interpersonal vibe after the apology will be watched closely for awhile . if you see any awkwardness , like stifled conversation , shifty eye contact , defensive body language , ask if ... i'm at one with the car , good with road rules . i just get lost a lot lol . write a schedule on a piece of paper , put it up on a wall or the fridge and alternate between chores and me time . short bursts of energy seems to work for me . ne's tend to chase their tail when they explain things to me which can get very confusing . ok here's the rules : list your favorite celebs or their roles because you find their mannerisms , personality and funny quirks attractive , not because they are hot . : laughing : it would be ... red , white or black shirt . levis and i can't live without my tigers : cool : 58666 i think you're playing along and being nice , but internally it conflicts with your value system , which can feel very draining because you can't be the person you want to be . you could try reading up ... i'm extroverted around funny lighthearted people that come across as ' pure of heart ' . i shut down around people with big egos . when i come across someone that needs to validate to me how smart they ...