' hi faery , so what is your normal resting heart rate ? sun 18 hi jennyjukes , you have been officially diagnosed with anxiety or you occasionally feel anxious ? sun 18 hi rebecca . m , so was is your resting heart rate ? sun 18 :o) hi fellow infjs ! i would like to know how many of you have a resting heart rate of 90 beats per minute or faster . sun 18 :o) hi redonion , thanks for sharing . your experiences are similar to many nf accounts of the paranormal . i'm wondering if it's linked to being intuitives . sun 18 hi adnutum , to avoid the confusion between man-made religion and spirituality , my op asks about one's belief in god regardless of any affiliation with specific religious beliefs . sun 18 hi redonion , how old were you , and where were you when you had these spiritual experiences ? sun 18 hi everyone ! how many of you intjs believe in god ? if you do or if you don't , how did you come to this conclusion ? sun 18 hi everyone ! how many of you entjs believe in god ? if you do or if you don't , how did you come to this conclusion ? sun 18 hi visionaryspirit , as far back as i can remember ( age 4 ) , i've been in that state . no other member of my family experiences the blue zen brain 24/7 , therefore i know it's not hereditary . i ... hi rebecca , yes , it's me in the video , and my goal is to find other people who are very similar to me . since i've been very unsuccessful with a general description of my kind , i've resorted to ... hi windblownhair , o . k . in other words , your experience of ni is very different from what the person describes in the video . sun 18 :o) hi windblownhair , i have another question . do you strongly relate to her experience of ni as she describes it in the video ? sun 18 :o) n / a . hi windblownhair , no problem ! thanks for your input in this discussion . sun 18 :o) hi rebecca , thank you for participating in my thread . do you strongly relate to her experience of ni described in the video ? also , can you listen to the audio she included in the video , and ... hi windblownhair , i see your point . i checked a source and it says that : infj and intj are the most likely to achieve this state ( blue zen brain ) . not only do they achieve this state when they ... hi windblownhair , thanks for participating in my thread . you are right by stating that other personality types can experience the blue zen brain , which is akin to what many people refer to as ... hi everyone ! here's a difference perspective on infjs ' introverted intuition : sun 18 :o) hi vladioto , google certified myers-briggs practitioner followed by the name of the city where you live . keep in mind that it's usually expensive to get assessed by one these practitioners , but ... hi nothing 1 , thanks for participating in my thread . so you identify with at least 90 % of this infj description ? sun 18 hi everyone ! do you strongly identify with the kind of infj described in this video ? : sun 18 :o) hi everyone ! how many of you have had their myer-briggs personality type confirmed by a certified myers-briggs ( mbti ) practitioner ? sun 18 :o) hi speedy 2056 , it depends on your definition of family . the fact that a person has the same biological mother and father as oneself doesn't make them family . family to me is a person who shares ... hi haba aba daba aba , i disagree with you . being in love is infatuation and it's based on not knowing who someone really is , and over-estimating their physical and inner beauty . people usually ... hi haba aba daba aba , one can have a general deep benevolence towards most people , and try to support them and be a positive influence in their lives . however , it's almost impossible to mistrust ... hi haba aba daba aba , thanks for participating in my thread . based on my experience , everyone mistrusts others in important areas of their lives . the mistrust of others is based on the ... hi infjs ! i just stumbled on an article on personality hacker ( infp vs infj : 5 surprising differences to tell them apart | personality development x96 personality hacker ) that accurately captured ... double entery . hi unclejes 7 , thanks for participating in my thread . i strongly disagree with you . i'm an infj and my best close relationships is with fjs because they are naturally concerned about others , ... hi mistakenforstranger , thanks for participating in my thread . i've watched the video and it does give more information about infjs . based on my experience , the functions may express ... hi frostbite , thanks for participating in my thread . i think that you may misunderstand what harmony means versus authenticity . an infj is very interested in the emotional and spiritual ... hi everyone , ever wondered why some of your romantic relationships fail ? it may be due to where your f or t is located in your personality type . here's a link to a guide that can help you choose ... hi karmachameleon , thanks for participating in my thread . i've been exploring energy healing for almost 4 years , and have tested about 400 people about their sensitivity to subtle energy . ... hi everyone ! i often feel that others don't understand my reality , but in the following video they have done a very good job describing infjs . one trait that stood out for me is sensitivity to ... hi fellow infjs ! 1 out of every 5 people in america will suffer from depression during their lifetime . i just stumbled on an interesting 14 - minute ted talk about the positive aspects of ... hi tzara , it's a 5 - minute experiment . if some people find it too complicated , i don't know how to simplify it . to notice a change , one needs to have a baseline measurement . that's why the ... hi ayitashia , thanks for participating in my thread . people react differently to this audio ; i'm trying to understand this phenomenon . based on your answers , you breathed 9 times / minute before ... hi entps ! i would like to do a short alternative health experiment . i'm trying to understand an unusual phenomenon . here are the specific steps : 1 ) calculate your respiratory rate . if you have ... hi enfps ! i would like to do a short alternative health experiment . i'm trying to understand an unusual phenomenon . here are the specific steps : 1 ) calculate your respiratory rate . if you have ... hi attic , i just want to confirm your results . so you breathed 10.5 times / minute before listening to the audio . after listening to it , you breathed 13 times / minute ? sun 18 :o) hi ashtangibear , i have another question . if you were to breathe normally ( i . e . , chest breathing ) what would be your respiratory rate ? my goal is to find out what the body would naturally does ... hi ashtangibear , thanks for clarifying your answers . hi attic , thanks for participating in my thread . maybe you can try again this experiment when you are relaxed and rested . my goal is to have accurate data from people . also , rest assured that ... hi yippy , thanks for participating in my thread . people usually breathe shallowly when they are not consciously trying to control their breathing . the respiratory rate that i'm trying to ... hi ashtangibear , i want to confirm that your respiratory rate and heart rate decreased ? also , you now breathe 4 times / minute ? sun 18 :o) hi infps ! i would like to do a short alternative health experiment . i'm trying to understand an unusual phenomenon . here are the specific steps : 1 ) calculate your respiratory rate . if you have ... hi entjs ! i would like to do a short alternative health experiment . i'm trying to understand an unusual phenomenon . here are the specific steps : 1 ) calculate your respiratory rate . if you have ... hi fellow infjs ! i would like to do a short alternative health experiment . i'm trying to understand an unusual phenomenon . here are the specific steps : 1 ) calculate your respiratory rate . if ... hi shea , i will explain my hypothesis after more people answer this post . sun 18 :o) '