' i would first ask why you want to dye your hair an unnatural color . why are you wanting to draw attention to yourself ? what emotional need that is presently unfulfilled , do you believe will be ... i don't think you have an understanding of political views . democrats ( left wing / socialists ) support more social freedoms , and support more government intervention in fiscal policies . republicans ... being his first relationship , he is still trying to process his feelings . that alone can make him feel unstable . it sounds like you are putting a lot more focus on your plans , and ignoring the ... i make notes . i am always thinking about 50 different things at once . if i have a thought ( or run across some info ) that is useful for one of the 50 things , but i don't have time to deal with it ... when an intj isn't happy with how dating experiences are going , their natural course of action is to withdraw and observe before acting further . ( observation , evaluation , action . rinse and repeat , ... as long as it is peaceful , voluntary , and honest ... do we ban weightlifting or diet programs for body modification ? get real . as long as people aren't forced to undergo involuntary procedures , ... then they do low income white kids consistently score better on tests than black kids from families earning over $ 75k ? why do native americans living in poverty on reservations have higher iq's ... to quote forrest gump's mama , stupid is as stupid does . just look at africa . the average iq is 70 . that is borderline functional . it's only a couple notches above a trained monkey . for the ... root vegetables were typically known as the food of the lower classes of society . turnips , rutabagas , beets , etc . radishes , carrots , and onions have still retained some popularity though . yes , i have a photographic memory . i just ran out of film . lol i think you are confusing genius with savant . that idiotic nonsense got quite a few folks in trouble in 2008 . they thought the value would always go up , and deflationary pressures caught up to them . yes , but it is always evolving and adapting . and just what are you planning on renting ? houses ? have you ever been around rental properties much ? rental properties for income is a great ... in school i had to do public speaking , so i can do it if i have to . i just don't enjoy speaking . on my business card , it gives my phone number and email address - text or email preferred . i ... no . what do you think the bdsm acronym stands for ? that's a bit of a contradiction . it might help to define what bdsm is . it appears some folks are just looking at the sadism / masochism aspects . bondage and discipline , dominance and submission , sadism and masochism . i like the ... it sounds like you viewed this relationship more as a competition with the estj , instead of as a cooperation / connection with the girl . that's a recipe for failure . it almost sounds like you believe ... no , it's not . you are confusing hyperbole with fact . just because you call someone a genius does not make them a genius . being gifted or talented does not make someone a genius . that's ... why is it that if you send a letter or an email complaint , folks want to play the emotion card and want to reply with a telephone call ? is it too hard to send a reply email addressing the facts , ... i don't believe anyone said that you weren't allowed to make a fool of yourself . yes , intj's get mad , but they don't ( usually ) make emotional arguments . ( much less air these emotional views ... let me get this straight ... a supposed intj having an emotional reaction to trivial balderdash ? seriously ? you gotta be $ # ! tting me . can anyone say drama queen masquerading as an intj ? a ... morn why should government pay the unemployed , the poor , sick , or elderly , or for mass transit ? those are not proper government functions . the only proper function of government is to secure ... all of your definitions are wrong . go back to school . ( and not public education where you are mis-educated . ) i'm an anarcho-capitalist libertarian . i believe there is no service provided by ... are you referring to social liberals , or classical liberals ? there is a big difference . i'm an anarcho-capitalist libertarian . in other words , i'm a classical liberal . i absolutely detest ... nonprofits exist because of a major misunderstanding of the tax on federal income , aka federal income tax . if people properly understood that the income tax was a tax on federal privilege , ... no ... i'm a cop killer . lol ya gots 2 choices . 1 ) i'm a workaholic . i live in a house by a road . that's about it . ( i might tell ' em i likes to play wit bugs too . ) 2 ) hold on . i gots to go get another beer / take a whiz ... i don't have a problem with harmless practical jokes . i've never gotten into practical jokes that didn't leave both people laughing . when we were younger , friends and i might have tossed lit ... buford , wyoming ( population 1 ) might be a good choice of a city for an intj . otherpower | make your electricity from scratch ! when it comes to prepping , it is important to remember that you can't prepare for everything . the most valuable thing you can have is connections ... i do some ebaying . the biggest problem is buyers who don't read the listings . i can advertise a reproduction , and then they get peeved because they didn't receive an original ? the listing clearly ... i think you need to differentiate between an immature intj and a mature intj . an immature intj will have great difficulties having a relationship with anyone . an emotionally mature intj on the ... you could tell him that you have been thinking about attending a therapy / support group and ask him if he would be willing to tag along so you didn't have to go alone . and then , if he attends , he may ... when i was 19 i fell in love with an enfp who was gang-raped at age 9 and raped again at age 14 . she had severe issues , and after 4.5 years , i had to step back . i was the only person she had ever ... when you try to help someone who is down on their luck . you hire them to do odd jobs . you lend them money and let them work it off . you give their family groceries .  ... and then they steal ... don't get me wrong - i don't have a problem with what you're doing here . i'm just trying to point out that you're fishing in a pool with lots of little minnows ... little kiddies . ( and we won't even ... do not do anything to someone else that you would not want done unto you . treat others the way you want to be treated . it's that simple . i have a few questions ... how can the op and an intj connect on facebook ? do any intj's actually do facebook ? seriously ? i wonder how many real intj's began reading the thread , smirked , and ... when a girl says this , it's usually a cue for the guy to start running ... fast . um , i think i have already figured this out . no need to learn your method . mine is working just fine so far . ... i would say that i became more militant as i got older , peaking in my late 20 ' s . after i hit 30 , i seemed to be able to tolerate bs a little easier . that's not to mean that i don't ever get fuming ... when i was in my teens , i ran around with a group of guys who were in their mid to late 20 ' s . i have good friends that are 20 years older than me . i don't have any good friends 20 years younger ... where did i say that marriage was as easy to break as an oral promise ? please don't put words in my mouth . marriage is an internal commitment in your heart . the paper marriage license , ceremony , ... insulting me does not make your argument any stronger . i believe that you are maximizing the risks women face , and minimizing the risks men face , simply because you are a woman . your bias has ... to me , those are two separate things . for me , good conversations involves the other person actually listening to what i am saying , and being mentally able to stay in the conversation . some folks , ... i disagree . according to the cleanest and most rational logic , women should choose a partner wisely , and make sure she makes him feel loved . in case you hadn't figured it out by now , having sex ... note to other readers . typical enfp tactic . out of the blue random compliment based on feeling ; the comment often inserted in a moment of tension as a way of diffusing rising emotions . yeah , a ... i wasn't trying to come across as defensive . i apologize if that's how you thought i was coming across . the first sentence speaks volumes ... it talks of stereotypes . stereotypes are ... something she said she learned from me was that the best way to help / heal yourself is by helping someone else . when i was in my late teens and early 20 ' s , i think the step-mother of a buddy of ... the enfp from post 17 ... raped at age 15 ... got pregnant . ( first sexual experience . ) parents dropped her off to get an abortion ... picked her up after it was done ... never said a word after about the ... i don't think it is a matter of type , but rather a matter of maturity level . a mature person of any type can give you a lot of what you are looking for . of course , you may have problems with ... '