' i think i've lied to myself ... in love with the stability and white picket fence ideal and entirely blind to our differences . i've fallen into a slick sided concrete pool , unable to scale the ... don't discredit your ability for empathy . ^ ^ ^ yep ^ ^ ^ also yep . when there is no conflict , my isfj and i are fine and dandy . when there is conflict , i'm learning it doesn't ever get ... fox , because i said so . i use it for personal things only very rarely - typically for tagging a select couple of friends who share similar music taste , to share back and forth . what i use it for most frequently is for ... why exactly is it necessary for you to completely cut her out of your life ? what happened ? just general drama in the friendship ? you said you still have to work with her ... think about her as any ... well , it finally happened . thought i'd let y'all know , because you're obviously just dying from the suspense . there were some more hints along the way , but he said it this morning and of course , it ... hardly substandard . i think my memory is remarkably detailed , and goes back further than i realized was possible . i think it has to do with a comment further back , that mentioned remembering only the ... i personally feel it's silly to consider all drugs to be bad , the same as it would be silly to simply state pumpkins are bad . it's also silly to assume all can be beneficial to every person , or ... i'm a slob , and i binge clean . the only thing keeping me from leaving plates sitting around in places where they don't belong ( counter , dishwasher , etc ) after eating , is that i don't want to deal ... :) i'm bored . gonna go watch more videos of cats pooping . then you should most definitely be aware that i have no choice but to laugh hysterically at the insignificance and false logic i perceive through your responses ? oh dang .. that was really insightful . thank you so much for teaching me about this ... what else can you teach me ? really ... remarkable how blind i've been . i feel so worldly now ! ... plant yes . it taught me many neat things , like personal boundaries . * bloop bloop ... bloop * hot damn . i'm feeling enlightened already ! i'm sorry , what ? i've been to your facebook page . i wish i could erase it form my brain . it's full of worthless garble . i shit more significant thoughts than those presented on your facebook page . go ... in this video , i am the baby , and the paper is your hilarious attempt at logic . rarely and within reason , i have tried a couple i will not post on a public forum about . would like to try a couple more . absolutely refuse anything considered to be addictive , and also refuse to be ... dang . it's helping already ... i'm detecting bullshit better than ever . intj - embarrassed by what ? there are lots of things that don't embarrass me , and never will . i don't like being seen as incompetent or stupid ... i hate when i catch on that somebody was being ... improbable research he's sad in this picture :( thanks :) and you are free to take it in to use it for a tattoo , if you please . i do not mind a bit . haha edit : but if you do , i wanna see how it turns out ! , love a lot what you've been posting :P 59924miniature donkey .. so dumb and so cute .. 59923awww baby tapir 59922 had some time to think on this . i believe the type of art i typically create , is the closest i can get to ' describing ' ni . while i do some drawings where the subject is immediately recognizable ... heh heheh heh ... flu and booze is a great combo for miscommunication . i believe it's secretly because all in twilight and i had deep .. passionate ... unresolved issues ... yeah .. unresolved ... oh alright . ( this devolved into an enfp offering dinner and drinks to an intj ... why did this happen ? ಠ_ಠ ) you blame ne , i blame my giant margarita and being awake since 5am . oops . not taken personally , i'm just legitimately confused . it feels like i said lets talk about oranges and you responded with yes , cats are very nice ! i'm not certain what any of this has to do with enfp-intj matchmaking ? i'm pretty certain my post has nothing to do with anything of the sort . could be i really am completely obvlivious to what i ... nah , just my sarcastic response to all the if bad or impossible things happened , how would you react as an intj threads popping up ;) you read the thread title ! if you were , which remarkably unlikely scenario would you think up next to throw at a group of intjs ? i'd have them look up pictures of baby sloths to prove i can't be all that bad if i think baby sloths are so damned adorable .. and if that didn't work , i'd tell them to pound sand , and live naked ... oh my god . almost forgot about waterbears , aka tardigrades , aka moss piglets . 59787 real world scenario for you : i breed snakes . not only are my animals precious to me ( go see the thread about ' cute'animals if you don't believe me ) , but they are also a business investment . a ... read up on what peta and hsus actually stand for and are working towards . : confused : probably for the best . i am actually overcome with hysteria ... i normally only see these things in small doses .. but this thread is dangerous . i'm intentionally searching for cute animals , and it's ... i'm usually somewhat blank-faced or even angry looking when i'm at work . i do the sarcastic eye-brown life or eye narrowign thing quite frequently . i started a google image search of ' baby sloths ' ... enigmatic honest strategic confident critical but since you did not specify that i could not use more than 5 words , i am also trustworthy , loyal , robust , direct , and intelligent , among other ... i get over exes fairly quickly , because i've initiated the break ups , and i've usually done all the grieving in the month or two leading up to the actual break up . i process why i'm feeling horrible ... i had to go through and add more cute things . haha . i am actually laughing myself to joyful tears at work right now . fortunately my cube-neighbors have all been well aware of my insanity for a while . omfg baby elephant . yes . cute animals make me melt ... but i also find some animals cute that other people tend to hate : any of the rats hugging tiny teddy bears : bug has a new bear | flickr - ... i take back my answer to # 2 . i was hasty in my initial response , and i've decided after a moment of clarity on my way home , that i would name the snail korky jorgensen . 1 ) someone once asked me whether i am an idealist or a dreamer . i'm neither . i consider myself an optimistic realist . i see reality , but i give it the benefit of the doubt . - kate miller i lean ... that's why i hang around this place :P no , you definally sound like an esfj ... yeaaah .. definally an esfj . '