' :) delet me . delete me . four words : flo rida - i cry . is this really a troll post ? because i've totally done this before . and to top it off , i sorta get performance anxiety when there's anyone else in the restroom besides me , so i end up holding it in ... i usually don't have celebrity crushes , but i have the biggest crush on lil wayne right now . he's so adorable , i just wanna give him a hug . :p roud : oh wait never mind ! ! i'm so confused . just had an aha moment where everything fell into place . finally figured it out after several weeks of trying to shake this gut feeling . this . also , if it's the weekend , i like to find tv shows i like and keep them running quietly in the background while i get some tasks done , like organizing or planning . or just mulling over my ... hiding under a hat . go away . :P extinction of the cat species . i would literally be devastated and heartbroken . one's personality develops as time passes , and that development itself encompasses different functions playing more dominant roles at different stages in one's life . side note : i guess this thread ... what is wrong with you ? stop poking your brother with a spoon . we're pacifists , got it ? :) chocolate . i used to like only milk chocolate , but now i'm rather fond of dark chocolate , too :) . i'm an infj and totally relate to this . my parents were super laissez-faire when it came to my educational and career choices , so i did a lot of soul searching and tried out a variety of things ... this is the perfect time . once you get a job , you'll start to get really settled down and this kind of travel quickly loses its appeal . i was in your same shoes at one point - everyone told me to ... hahaha . . . yeah , this . it's hurtful . delete me . kitten costume . how come they like to curl up and snuggle with each other while sleeping , but not with me ? :( i want in ! relatedly , has anyone ever had a time where they wanted their gut feeling to be wrong ? a ' s for the classes i cared about . hypothetically speaking , i may have ditched classes i didn't enjoy , like calculus , and hopped the fence to go read at starbucks instead . hypothetically . . . but ... every villain has a noble cause , and every hero has a dark side . title says it all . i saw this on some of the other subforums and decided to steal it for ours , too . post away ! :) yeah , i think i've seen two other threads in the past week or so along the similar lines of my infj ran away ( too ) . spot on . this is completely an infj thing . sounds like she was pursuing those sparks and connection she felt with you at first , then as things started getting real , realized that she was rushing ... just curious . what were the circumstances , and how did this affect the way you perceive things ? eh , i was hoping that the intjs would adopt this as their next pet project and save us all the effort . :P win win situation for everyone right ? ok i've asked the intjs :) . hopefully they won't bite our heads off lol . . attn : intjs . . . we'd like to recruit some of you to visit our thread on the infj sub forum . in particular , it's the thread on the correlation of the infj personslity type to horoscopes . we are ... ok we need to hijack some intjs from their sub forum to analyze this thread or do some polling for us . did you know that the word ' gullible ' is not in the dictionary ? gemini . aquarius . maybe scorpio . i sometimes look at all three ( even though only one of them technically apply to me ) , just for shits and giggles . i second the motion above to do a poll ! oh my gosh , me too ! except for those who are really close to me , i hate being put in situations like this , too , especially when one side actively tries to convince me to choose one side over ... lol yes ! i'm not writing where though . ( mainly because i'm self conscious about posting this here , partially due to my recent realization of entps lurking in this subforum a lot . for now , it's a ... how do you trust again after having been in a really bad situation that resulted in a lot of hurt ( betrayed , taken advantage of , etc ) ? if you have any specific experiences you'd like to share , feel ... never mind . there's no way this could be . * shakes head * i just spent the last few days connecting some dots i clearly missed while i was too busy building walls around myself . could it be ? i think i need something more certain or concrete to be completely ... my noisy air conditioner :) . i always want to say justice , but mercy is what ends up feeling right most of the times :) . getting to know someone or trying to blend in with the wall . huh ? i think this is why we are known for our door slam . we understand where everyone is coming from , so we can't ever really hate them . but since we can't stand to be around them at the same time , we ... * runs away . . . hop hop * and i thought we tend to over think and over read into things . . . delete . delete . i heard it on a commercial . but i believe the jingle was coo-coo for cocoa puffs . often . it's okay . eventually people realize that you're not crazy . at least not completely . '