' infp for schumer and enfj for trevor enfj i like it a lot . beautifully maddening . i could see these being the theme songs of an eccentric scientist , as he / she goes about their day . maybe sitting on a bus , people watching , or creating ... i was meant to be a guitarist / singer , but since not only is my singing voice horrible , my talking voice is too . the gods must have themselves a nice little laugh , watching me wish for nothing more ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? infp 2 ) what is your gender ? male 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) maybe entps in the way they are so quick witted usually , or entj ... to say he's infp seems absurd to me . did he eve take he test seriously ? it didn't seem so . the guy has extraverted intuition falling out of his pores . entp most likely . i haven't met a person yet who felt comfortable around me that i wanted to go away . those i want to go away would never make it far enough to know how to do any sort of latching . is this different ... that makes me happy . famous intps - celebritytypes.com infp never leave their houses . i leave every now and then . they hate me and my feelings . i like them though . it was on purpose . it was a joke . i suppose it wasn't funny . intps seem more introverted to me for some reason , more so than entps . i don't know why that is . entps have a more dismissive quality about them , if they think you are stupid or illogical , and ... i don't actually like hurting people's feelings directly but sometimes i do . i find myself often seeing the viewpoint of both sides . it's almost a curse , as it leaves me indecisive a lot . because ... could i please have my name changed to electrichead ? if not available , then electrichead 65 , and the third option is halfserious . going by all of the functions , enfp are the closest . going by just the main function , isfp . intp and infj , and other users of fe , seem way different to me , but then again , i might only notice it ... wayside hey , i must have misinterpreted you because i have seen us described a thousand fold that we are rather flaky ( despite what's written in this thread ) so i was trying to explain that . i see ... absolutely , we do that . however , i have found that everyone does this . for some reason , we infp are apparently the most obvious about it if you were to ask others . i would say that our type , due to ... so you all like fe better ? screw you all then . te is way better anyway , so take that shit . when it comes to reality , i reject it . seriously though , i'm right there with you . i look in the mirror and look older than who i perceive myself . it's like looking at stranger , or some version of ... sure . why did you click on it ? i feel like i seem to understand people right away . usually . although , sometimes i'll unfairly judge someone somewhat negatively too quickly , and then am both ashamed and thrilled to end up wrong ... dee leet shun i remember when you first came around and i thought you were enfp . haven't you identified with entp for awhile now though ? me approach women ? maybe in a dream . i meant that when i was younger , my esfj mother would go up and talk to strangers and come back with a girl my age who was now all of a sudden my girlfriend ... to answer your last question , myy esfj mother does that and is rather successful in fulfilling whatever intention she had in getting to know them ( networking ) . i somehow ended up with a girlfriend ... what i can't stand the most is when a complete stranger , or a minimal acquaintance , says what they think , or makes a comment that reveals what they think , and i completely have an opposing view . i ... olias estj and intj sex ? ewww , it seems like some discovery channel porn . ( kidding ) . i say that because most of the estjs and intjs i've met , well , it's hard to picture them enjoying sex .  ... right . i have to get this out somewhere and what better place than here . i don't care if any of you read it or comment but if you do , then cool . or whatever . i search the googly world for why do i feel ... oops , here is the link i mentioned . i think that ricky williams , former nfl running-back , is probably a type four . there is an interesting documentary about him - run ricky run - espn 30 for 30 . sorry i could not provide a video , ... i've seen it . i don't think that's the real him . i think spanglish and funny people are more like the real him . to me he shows fi for sure , but adding into it his style of comedy , i get more of a ... i always guessed that he was esfp . just my opinion . the ear thing could very well be something intimate and personal between the two . maybe this person would caress the other one's ears while whispering sweet nothings in a hammock while drinking ... wow , it's really nice to no that someone else out there share similar feelings to how i feel often . in general . thanks for opening up like that . i must say that i highly enjoyed reading the first ... i pulled up to a beggar standing on the corner of a taco bell , so i asked if she wanted some taco bell and she gave me an evil witches scowl and told me to screw off . so now i usually just tend to ... i know , right ? why is being an infp type 4 so damn hard ? i can't say that i have the same problems as you do except for a few , but there are others that make me feel just as broken . wish i could ... you sound normal to me . the only thing i'd work on , and that's just me , is maybe doing something for other people without worrying about how it would benefit you . you know , when you can . nothing ... it depends on what is difficult to you and also depends on the person . i've met sensitive nfs , quick to be defensive or upset , and have met very laid back nfs who shrug it all off and keep on ... i got my license with no problem , but was very anxious when first learning to drive . that's most people though . the thing about driving for me is how boring it is . i want to be where i need to be ... i am usually always honest when i choose to reveal something . when drinking , those curtains tend to be pulled back with force . i am much more bold , blunt , and up front . if i think you're pretty , you ... in general ... hypocrisy , emotional retardation ( not valuing emotions of others or usually seeing emotion as a weakness ) , discrimination and intolerance , animal cruelty , smugness , narcissism , ... isfp istp istj yeah , i'm a perfectionist in many ways also . it just depends on what it is . anything i do creatively takes so long that it becomes tedious and it sucks the enjoyment right out of it . that's ... the walking dead . i wonder if michonne is a thinker . she seems like it . she barely ever talks so it's hard for me to figure for sure . oh , and jenny from the league seems like an estp . i try my best not to get pissed about things anymore , but i do have strong ideals that go against reality and it's disheartening to say the least . i agree with many here about the concept of ... it's funny you mention that , and it sounds accurate , but i must say , i often see the exact same thing in heavy ni users . xnxj i'm not disagreeing with you though . there are often times where i'll ... why , thank you both . that makes sense . she even mentioned something about the doll's energy . apparently energy is important for enfps ( like the descriptions usually suggest ) . i can pick up and ... same here for the most part . instead of jokes though , it's values . such as they seem to want to fite me out on what they think is right or moral and can even seem a bit condescending about it ... cotillion but , but ... aren't we all special snowflakes ? '