' zvtrh pronunciation : ziv-trah ? few people have their functions expressed to a complete 100 % degree . there are times when an introvert may feel outgoing and energized by other people , an intuitive occasionally indulging in a ... polish slovak portuguese filipino chinese on my father's side of the family , my grandfather is polish . he came to america shortly after he was liberated during ww2 . my grandmother is slovak ... personally i think that enneagram type has a lot more to do with this than mbti . i'm not an enfp but as a fellow nf , an infj ( protector / counselor ) type 2 enneagram ( helper ) , i find it absolutely ... 1 ) . i am currently majoring in electrical engineering . 2 ) . i hate to say it but my current career choice doesn't feel fully suitable for me . its not that i can't do it or feel absolutely crushed ... left brain . . right brain 59 % . . . . . . 41 % your left brain percentages 50 % symbolic ( your most dominant characteristic ) 48 % linear 34 % reality-based 31 % sequential 25 % logical your depiction of pakistan in the 1950s and 1960s is quite intriguing as i never would have imagined that it was once so prosperous . how did it unravel ? what was the turning point of all this growth ... hp - pavilion elite desktop it was a graduation gift : laughing : ouch , lol i have a 6 - core computer with an hd radeon 6570 . pc gaming has always been my thing . favorite games : - eve online - wow ( used to play but jumped ship to eve ) - warcraft iii ( custom mapmaker ) ... is it so much fear of looking at people or fear of people noticing that you are looking at them ? i would say that i feel uncomfortable looking at strangers close by me especially when passing them ... i say that a cause is only lost when a higher and greater cause is found . sometimes one must realize that a person ’ s redemption can only come by helping themselves . we can ’ t force people to reach ... i personally don't plan on ever touching the things for the sake of my own health . i avoid stimulants altogether including caffeine . i too think that marijuana along with a few other lighter ... infj stubborness ... do , say , or argue against something that goes against our core values and you had better be ready to start arguing with an unmovable brick wall . other then that , we tend to be ... as a kid , i always used to visit the local museum . they had plenty of giant madagascar hissing cockroaches . you were even allowed to pick them up with your hands . they actually are good bugs in the ... this small zen buddhist story captures it quite well : a man walking across a field encounters a tiger . he fled , the tiger chasing after him . coming to a cliff , he caught hold of a wild vine ... i should also mention that my cat always catches bugs . i've seen her eating spiders sometimes . did i mention that they are edible for humans too ? ... i happen to live next to an airforce base so many of the people i know are in military families or in the military but i occasionally i hear mention about camel spiders . ... title says all . are you afraid of spiders ? or do bugs , insects , and creepy crawly things freak you out in general ? i find some insects to be rather interesting and fascinating to observe but ... from my point of view , i wouldn't see it as progress but as a step in the wrong direction . bible or not , i would still be opposed to it . in the catholic church , a huge portion of our views on ethics also come from early church writers rather than scripture passages in the bible itself ( apostolic tradition ) . eusebius of caesarea : ... this is my cat snowy .  despite being a 9 - year old persian , she is extremely energetic ... i am deeply sorry to hear about your parents , curious . it ’ s not easy to see suffering . often times we find that facing suffering ourselves is endurable but to witness the suffering of others around ... people who are are modest are few and far between . be proud of that aizar . chances are , these people who compliment you are not part of your inner circle . i find that i have a desire for true ... hello everyone . i am quite interested to know what everyone's overall political affiliations are . through this link , the political compass , you can take a test that will ask you a few dozen ... i am 19 as of now and everyone always comments on how young i look . most people probably think i'm about 15 or 16 years old . i've also wondered whether some people just simply age slower ... for all practical purposes : teleportation if i wanted to fly , i would just keep teleporting myself into the sky so as to achieve pseudo-flight . for wacky / zany purposes : the ability to talk with ... this special report on north korea : i am aware . it was not my intent to argue but to state my position . much of the debate in this matter stems from whether there is indeed a relationship between the two to begin with . well i'd views have its changed . this shift happened to coincide with a lot ... the underlying premise of my views on sexuality is that i think current practices are bad for society as a whole . economics constitutes a part of that . i'm not saying that i think we should go all ... i frown upon sex outside of marriage in general . our rather lenient views on sexuality carry a heavy cost across the board and its not just limited to stds either . this mindset has only become this ... 1thusgone if you think ideology was my main reason , you are mistaken . my main motivation against it isn't religious . my main motive for a ban on homosexual behavior has always been for the safety ... debates over but i will say this : that was my fault . i guess i should not debate when i'm half awake ( posted that a few minutes after i woke ... if you want to think that ... fine . i know some homosexual people outside of this forum . i don't have any problems being around them at all . i don't agree with their lifestyle but that doesn't mean i ... they said there was no evidence for my side . i happily obliged . i also never said that they can't marry . they can marry into a heterosexual relationship if they so choose . i have also pointed out ... there is a vastly greater incidence of aids among homosexuals . in fact it used to be known as the gay disease because its prevalence was so high among homosexuals . homosexual behavior is the reason ... my votes for removal : - rarity of male infjs - infjs are amazing i don't like it very much . one could make an argument or case supporting it but ultimately i don't think its a good way to go about it . the arguments i am most familiar with are the moral law ... well if you want to dismiss them on your own authority then go ahead . but if it is so easy to disprove , then why not do so ? i have not even seen you propose arguments for your side yet . if you could ... by that logic then , should we legalize murder because people will commit murders anyways ? depends on your semantic definition of act . i am not against the expression of homosexuality in other ... no it is not a slippery slope . for it to be a slippery slope , i would have to claim that if homosexuality was legalized then beastiality would be inevitably be eventually legalized as a result . my ... i agree that those are all problems that need to be addressed ; however , that does not detract from my economic arguments against homosexuality . hiv is considered a epidemic . its not just hiv ... fair enough aspera . i don't mind disagreement but can you indulge my curiosity on one thing you said ? why do you think that homosexual sex is necessary to express love to its fullest ? physical ... then i disagree with the native americans and reject their view on this matter . people of the same sex can feel close bonds but what mandates that physical contact in this specific manner is needed ... that would fall under concerns of immigration policy . you can be denied entrance to a country if you are found to carry certain diseases . such diseases cost governments and taxpayers billions ... i disagree . homosexual behavior tends to carry much higher incidences of disease . it is within the power of governments to regulate it over health concerns . for example , hiv infections in the united ... this wasn't an argument for my position on homosexual marriage but an argument explaining his error in thinking that we should not express views on this openly and just should let things just be if ... no i am saying that he cannot just appeal to tolerance . the inherent contradiction is that he cannot tolerate our actions also . i never said he was trying to be tolerant of everything . i think ... an interesting thing to note : some christian theologians actually reject the ontological argument even though it supports their side . st thomas aquinas himself did and several subsequent theologians ... though not every religion teaches that . there are a sizable number of homosexual catholics for example . as i said before , the catholic church does not condone stereotyping , violence against them , or ... '