' well i'm actually pretty into basketball . i grew up with a twin brother who also played basketball . let's just say it was great competition . i was never very good at shooting , but the mental part of ... my rant : i have been playing pokemon yellow and i need someone to trade pokemon with and no one ever wants to ! it is very frustrating ! i am never going to catch them all :( my username was created while being super blasted off on marijuana . i thought it was hilarious at the time . yeah , i know , it's really not . i am a twin and my brother and i would always have fun doing dumb things together . he is an isfp i think . i would always come up with crazy ideas and he would be the person to help me out with them ... i dated an isfj for a few years . she was a very caring and selfless person . she was rather insecure though and took so many things way too personally in my opinion . she was extremely organized and ... this is pure garbage . well i happen to be tall and thin . but i think it's more due to genetics , not my personality . i don't think it is possible . at least not to travel backwards into time . though i do believe it may be possible to manipulate time and slow it down to the point where one could possibly be far into ... right now my life sucks : 2pm wake up and shower . 2:30 pm eat . 3:00 pm watch a movie , play video games , or browse the internet . 5pm socialize with some people until the nba playoffs come on ... the most interesting man in the world is one of the best marketing campaigns i have ever seen . having said that : i don't always drink beer , but when i do , it is not dos equis . i like a lot of different types of music . as a pianist , i like a lot of music with beautiful piano . but also , since i am a musician , i have respect for actual artists . most of the popular shit on the ... i have a computer support job . also , a web developer . also , if you need a computer built i can do that too . i am interested in most things that deal with technology . it's an expensive hobby . perhaps i should ask for permission before i continue . oh look , a unique new product ! i'll stick to tried and true products . we really should follow tradition and do things the proper way . of all the types i know i fit with entp the best . but the entp is supposed to be some insane , crazy , genius visionary . i have yet to come up with an idea i feel is visionary . this is the main thing ... this is my theory : he likes you but doesn't see things working out for the long term . ask him about this one . back to the future is my favorite movie of all time simply because it is the best movie about time travel . 1 . do you have a hard time forgiving yourself ? not at all . 2 . do you find it easy to forgive others ? yes . 3 . do you tend to overanalyze things ? yep . 4 . does it make you very sad to see ... i would advise you to consider being the bigger person and not play any sort of game with whoever has pissed you off . that can sometimes be difficult , i know . but yes , when i really want to ... narcissism 77 % unconventionality 100 % empiricism 83 % vitality 94 % othercentricism 5 % independence 88 % integrity 44 % intellect 88 % stoicism 77 % orderliness 5 % i dated an enfp for like 8 months . it started out pretty awesome . but we kinda found ourselves butting heads trying to claim the spotlight at times . also , she could get a bit manipulative , which ... i try to be humble . i'm not very good at it though . okay , so here is my story . i am an entp . i went on spring break a little over a month ago . i was just having a great time partying and i happened to stumble upon this girl ( who i now know to be an ... i used to smoke pot many times per day . i liked the feeling of being high all the time but it started to get boring . also , i wasn't able to follow along in conversations very well and couldn't be my ... typical places i can be found : - friends houses - bars / clubs - parties - my own place playing video games - best buy places i will not be found at : - church one of my best friends is an infp . he is hilarious . we have been good friends for a long time . he is definitely sensitive to certain things but it has helped me learn to be aware of his feelings and ... i have cried before . it does not happen often . i am exceptionally good at holding it back . even in very emotional situations . one part of me wants to let it out and another part of me doesn't let it ... not sure what type of art i appreciate the most . i guess i'll have to look more into it . but anyway here is a picture i made in photoshop ! 35082 my bedroom in its current condition : 34838 34837 ( i did not put that hollister bag on my picture . i have just been too lazy to take it off . ) 34836 if i could go to outer space , and i was able to hear sound , then i would fart just for the fun of it . these are some typical things i say to women . i am honestly still confused how i am able to get away with this kind of stuff and it actually works . i have seen my friends try to imitate it and they ... actually , it was more like this : her : everything you do goes against my christian beliefs ! me : that's a bummer . i'll pray for you . i have always been confused about the whole charm thing of entp's . i have always read that and thought to myself that i do not posses any sort of charm . typically , i am a very loud , sarcastic piece ... the sixth sense typically my friends dislike my taste in music . honestly , i think i like good music . and i do enjoy lots of genres . what i have been listening to lately : owl city adele something corporate ... i own everything apple . gpa means grade point average and on a scale of 0 to 4 . so i am barely in the middle . also , i agree , i am probably a bit immature and right now may not be the best time in my life to be in college ... possibri well i considered doing that , but i am already a senior at a university and only have a year left . i know my grades are horrible and i wish they weren't but i just can't find the motivation ... i am in a bit of a pickle . my dad wants me to drop out of college because it is costing too much money and my gpa is a 1.98 . he is telling me it would be more cost effective to get a full time ... i think technology and the internet will be an even bigger part of peoples ' lives . apple and google are the two companies that will be pushing personal computing technology forward , though with 2 ... the problem took me a good 30 minutes to solve . i am at work though so i wasn't able to concentrate like i wanted to . i used the crossing out method as well to figure it out . i just spent way too much of my workday solving this . it was fun though so i wanted to share it . the author of this problem is albert einstein who said that 98 % of the people in the world couldn't ... where i work , i take initiative on things that don't necessarily need worked on . like making websites to help aid less capable employees / trainees , or talking to my supervisor about new things i've ... i have tried to smoke a few times while sober and disliked it . i think it just smells / tastes too gross for a relaxed 10 min buzz . if i am beyond blasted from drinking all night i often smoke , but ... i can definitely relate to what you are going through right now . i felt pretty depressed in high school , mainly because i had no friends to hang out with . i was made fun of a lot in middle school and ... i don't understand why our society puts such a big importance on sexuality . people are allowed to be whoever they want to be . honestly , i have thought about the idea of being gay . i just don't ... i have trouble getting real friends as well . in high school i felt i had literally zero friends . i had lots of superficial aquaintances , but no real friends . i honestly felt like a loser . i just ... i used to care more about what people thought of me in high school . throughout high school a lot of people thought i was an idiot , dumb , hyper , and weird . it kind of bothered me then and i tried to ... i agree with most of these posts . i don't need to be a leader . in college i deal with this a lot in group projects . whenever i join a group to work on a project someone always ends up trying to ... i'm an entp but i personally believe that porn is not useless or stupid ! some people have sexual tension that needs released and pornography is a great way to assist in releasing that tension . steve jobs ceo and co-founder of apple , inc and pixar '