' the hanging valley by peter robinson i'd like to change my name to hedgehog 2.0 yo-yo ma - bach , cello suites  ... earth to hell : wudang series book 1 by kylie chan . 4th book in her overall series . medium . tv show . lately i have really been enjoying everybody talks by neon trees , i've got you under my skin - frank sinatra , and where or when by peggy lee & benny goodman . questforself ratatouille is a great movie , and as a chef i really relate to a lot of it . minus the rat of course lol the presidential debate the big bang theory trapking i agree . i could probably watch it all day everyday as well . so long and thanks for all the fish !  one thousand welcomes ! ! have fun with your journey here in perc . enjoy finding yourself and conversing with people just like you or the opposite of you . i'm an infp . any questions feel free to ... you know you are an infp when - you have a relationship with all the trees you pass while walking from the parking lot into work . - whenever you are not at work , most of the time you are in your ... all around the world - red hot chili peppers ... ok . chefhedgehog i would like to change my name to just hedgehog . thank you ! littlet oh my goodness she was doing a strip dance queenofthenile i prefer cashews : tongue : red hot chili peppers - californication  ethylester i've seen a lot of horror movies , but never that one . cold war that's a great movie . it's hilarious and i quote it often . when you look at the popcorn on the ceiling and see pictures . let's see what infp find amusing in movies . my favorite movie is v for vendetta . alanis morisette - thank you ok , i know i said i was reading two books ... pillars of the earth and a series by kylie chan but now i am also just finish emmanuel's veins by ted dekker in the midst of those . i never only read one ...  when you watch the birds and insects just to figure out what they are up to at that moment . congrats midnightstar here's to 1000 more if my life were like this , i would be lost in the conversation . great choice ok , if your life could be any sitcom , what would it be ? mine would be friends just go to which forum you would like and there is a create new thread button . press that and follow the steps :) welcome , there is nothing be intimidated of . some may be a little head strong , but you will not find that out of an infp like me :D welcome , the first thing i did besides the basics of my profile was the personality typing test . then , i did the enneagram typing . afterwards , i went for the game forum and the infp type forum . have ... huun-huur-tu the rat pack live at the opera house st . louis 1965 i was trained in classical french techniques , but i love cooking asian food , all types . i've seen all his movies and 2 of his lectures . love them all . pillars of the earth by ken follet and a book series by kylie chan . '