yeah i couldn't figure out how to edit the title but it was meant to be enfp i just see my flaws as strengths . i like my personality type because even the ' negative ' side is really not that bad . i happen to do this inadvertently . i'm not sure about your dad , but in my case , i find that i use things against people before i can even consider having had that information about them . if i knew in ... how to delete threads ... ? the title was kind of a clickbait , but for real ; istps rarely act on their emotions or even understand what they're feeling , right ? i met and started dating this enfp and i'm feeling all these things ... i have this uncanny ability of figuring out what people are going to say or do , which i think is very istpish from how observant they are , but does anyone here have the ability to kind of ... i'll get moments of interest in coming back to this website and chatting with you guys . and i have fun with it . but when i've done all i can , i get bored . then i'll find something else to do - tumblr , ... i agree with the extreme bursts of energy . i can go extensive amounts of time being a lazy piece of shit and sit on my computer . once in a while , i'll have to do some sort of exercise out of ... it's not often that i fall in love with somebody ; but when i do , i do become super emotional . and i don't mind it . i show the world my tough exterior , but around that one special person , i can dote ... essentially , every forum is going to be circlejerking . whether mbti or a weapon / dancing / martial arts / [ insert hobby here ] , it's going to have circlejerking . as this is essentially a forum based around ... istps apparently have some of the lowest college retention rates . everyone gave good advice , but nothing i could really apply to my life . i don't really have any hobbies that might be applied to a ... after a certain point in my life , college became extremely dull and unrewarding . this is the second time i'm taking an integral calculus class so i can continue in biomedical engineering ( not sure if ... for fun , i sit on my computer like a piece of shit . figuratively , of course . yeah , i don't think this would be type dependent . personally , i've only ever broken up with girlfriends because of inconvenience ( became long distance , didn't like each other much anymore ) as opposed ... ha i'm similar in that way i'd imagine it's because some istps have better developed feelers than others . i read charle's first thread in the istp forum and now i've come to this one to read it in the enfp forum . i wouldn't normally ever come to an enfp forum , but i've found that you guys know how to ... scrabble gets so effing boring after a while . chess can still remain fun as long as you have an opponent who still wants to play with you . i like how you came into a thread with something to say , saw that it wasn't what you thought it was about , and still posted what you wanted to say , undeterred by your misconception . bravo glyphs . i've been wanting a girlfriend lately , and i was fine before without one ( not really fine , but i wasn't craving one like i am now ) so i can't imagine it's media or anything because i'd always seen ... well that escalated quickly ; sounds like you're in love to me . glad it worked out , even though i didn't really expect it ending that way haha why not ? yeah , i feel bad for the guy , but objectively , staying away is the best answer . you have to change your actions and your norms ( especially when you're the odd one out ) to match to the people around ... 71 % for and 18 % against ; theoretically i'd be right , maybe , but it just doesn't work : tongue : i think the appeal of being in a relationship for a normal person ( not sex ) is kissing and cuddling and holding hands and all that . if you guys have already done a lot of that , then i maybe i can see ... maybe not depressed , but the difference between masochism and nihilism is that masochists can enjoy it . nihilists just wallow through the sludge that is life but don't enjoy that sludge as much as ... brajenful well if that dissatisfaction leads to self-improvement , then i guess it's worth it , even if you emotionally suffer along the way . or do you like emotional torment ? masochist ? boredom leads to needing a thrill , like drinking . drinking leads to addiction . in my case , boredom leads to eating sweets . and it doesn't help that i don't get fat . stop being such a negative nancy . go train for a triathlon . go learn martial arts . go meet the girl of your dreams . go learn a new skill set . if you've never been satisfied with yourself , now is as ... lumostartarus or perhaps he contains little more than the hope that you may come around and develop feelings for him , so he's clinging onto that . so you should just gently pry his fingers off that ... for example , there's the possibility that you may develop feelings for him , or maybe you already have . and that you should confirm that you will never develop those feelings so he can go off with a ... the things you don't know affect you a whole lot more than the things you do know . it isn't only knowing yourself that allows you to become successful in life , it's also knowing your surroundings , ... i'm 76 % match , which means you and i are maybe a 98 % match ;) seriously though , 76 % match , 24 % enemy you know a lot less about yourself than you'd think . can you cook ? don't all men love women who cook ? is that just an istp thing ? well as long as he knows he has permission to do so , just in case . if he did have one , i can see that . i can't see an istp lying to make you feel better though . but it's possible . you need to tell us that it was a rhetorical question then ... we live in a pretty messed up world , after all when you're waiting for something , you have a sense of expectancy , which is an excitement that increases your heart rate . your mind is going at a faster rate , so your mind is essentially running ... tell me the secrets when you succeed ! i think we got off topic somehow it's not the world we live in as much as which forum he posted that in istps are going to end up being the first espers or the first to awaken to super powers like telekinesis i had spent my whole life thinking that the stuff in my belly button was clotted blood from when i was born or something ; and i found out last year that it was just dirt and lint , and i finally found ... an istp confessing to you means that he really really likes / trusts you . because it must have taken him a lot of effort to do so ; so i don't think it was as easy as you make it out to be do what you want to do . if the thing you want to do has pre-requisites , then do them . have an interest in nursing ? be a nurse . have an interest in computers ? be a computer architect or engineer . where's the other 59 % ? speaking as an istp , if i was in his situation , then i might continue to try to act normal as we hung out . and slowly might try to get you to see me as more than just a friend , optimistic that it ... darn , i guess i can't be famous then . they both start with p , so does it really matter ?