' yes , completely . i'm a city girl through and through . i love how cities have their own life to them and it's invigorating , but socially speaking i find the potential of big cities alluring . i grew up ... entj , because i would win . watch out , this family is clearly destroying those children's lives i've always found the whole idea of fandoms fascinating and i've noticed some common traits within different ones . it's pretty interesting . i'm partially in the harry potter , hunger games , nbc ... i've found nts are more likely to be ravenclaw or slytherin . i'm an entj . sorted 9 times ( i helped with data collecting for this big analysis project ) . gryffindor 3 times , slytherin 3 times , ... directions . but only in some cases . like for example , i grew up in a suburb of about 90,000 people and couldn't get anywhere . once i got my driver's license i had to use a gps app to get to my high ... i just had some pretty good pad thai . i actually knew this really nice couple that adopted a child ever four years or so from when they were about 30 to 50 . i think the largest gap was like 26 years . i think the oldest thought it was ... on tina fey : i don't think so . i read her book ( which was amazing , i highly recommend it ) , and it seemed to have an intp vibe . santana lopez , glee . like , amazingly similar . olive , easy a ... istp . or maybe esfp . * revives thread * holly j from degrassi . undisputed . at the end of the day panties anything that originated on jersey shore my bad seeker 99 i'm picking up on ravenclaw , maybe a bit of hufflepuff in there . 1 . three favorite activities sleeping . watching tv with friends . scheming / day dreaming ? i'd count that as an activity . 2 . place you feel represents your essence . where would we find you ? whether ... i tend to procrastinate with some stuff . i actually have a heart . somewhere in there . maybe . i'm sometimes a sap , but entjs do tend to have a sentimental streak . i guess i never realized how ... jack from 30 rock , of course . only non-villain entj in anything i watch . and sue sylvester from glee ... yeah , definitely . most of her dumb comments are actually quite logically based . one instance that comes to mind is when shue wrote ballad on the board and when he asked for a definition , brittany ... my typing's kinda rusty , hence all the xs rachel exfj sue entj quinn estj ( her storyline has gotten kinda crazy as of late ) brittany intp ( eh , maybe infp ) - i'm firmly in camp ... i recently read up on the seven deadly sins and out of curiosity i put them in order of how guilty i am of each of them . i discussed this with my entj friend and discovered he had the same top three ... my best friend since grade school is an isfp . go figure , right ? i guess opposites do attract . we're really just yin and yang . she indulges my need for deep thinking and will listen to me rant about ... hmmm . well my best friend is a isfp , but if she was a guy i don't think i could ever date him ( her ? ) . i do know one very happy isfp-entj couple though . :) come on now , everyone has seen this movie . it's one of those movies that i can watch over and over again and recite quotes from it . so what are the characters ' types ? definitely these two . i think coward would be the worst possible thing to call me . i'm not an audio learner at all . i'm very visual , to the point that i can remember where and how a teacher was standing when they said something rather than what they said itself . i just read the book . : laughing : it was very entertaining , but i wished we got to see more of annabeth . she was always my favorite . but i agree with your typings of them , but i think leo might be a ... i agree with all of those , and i'm pretty happy there's and xntj that's not evil . really makes me feel better about myself . :p roud : as for the new series , i have to start it ! it sounds great ! i just read this series a few days ago and loved it . i would love to know what you guys think the types of are the characters , and since i'm terrible at typing , i'll leave you guys to it : laughing : ... eh . you guys are boring ! i would rather be the ceo of a fun company , like disney or viacom , but that's probably my entp-ness showing : tongue : i think my mom is an isfj and my father is a kind-of-unhealthy intp while i'm an entj / borderline entp . so ... the e / i doesn't hold up , the s / n is possible , f / t is possible , and j / p is possible . hmm . well my mom is full italian , and we basically only associate with her side of the family . her mother , my grandmother , raised me . i don't know about other italians , but my very huge italian ... i have really weird eyes and i get the most compliments on them : tongue : they're gray from far away , blue as you get closer , and when you finally see my eyes close up , they are a dark greenish blue ... i love weddings , as long as i am comfortable with the people there . however , i don't think thousands should be spent on dresses and the like . i would prefer that money be spent to ensure that guests ... the mbti types of us presidents i came across this thread on intp central the other day that was typing the us presidents and noticed that there was only one entj , and that was disputed . entjs ... yeah , i'm starting to think the same thing . hmm . well one of my old best friend was a istp but i always felt equal to her . on certain occasions i almost felt like her mother , but this was rare . this might be faulty though as she was a very ... so which type is the most likely to have a hero complex , meaning that they are drawn to helping , saving , aiding , etc . people ? i feel like i am like this as i am drawn to befriend people with ... oh gosh . one instance that comes to mind was when my then-best friend , who had severe self-esteem issues and suffered from self-mutilation , asked me if she looked like a whore that day because ... what a classic book , and no typing thread for it ! here's a character list : atticus finch scout finch jem finch calpurnia boo radley bob ewell dill harris miss maudie aunt alexandra i procrastinate wayyy more than the average entj , but i'm one of those people who can study for 10 minutes right before a test and ace it while everyone else who did the whole notecard / study group ... of course the two least likeable characters are my type : tongue : but it sounds pretty accurate . what have been your positions in social groups over the years ? how has this related to your type in particular , or the types of others ? when i started high school , i was a follower , but at the ... she values others ' opinions of her , so consequently she values personal appearance . the one that i'm having the hardest time typing is if she's introverted or extroverted . she would seem ... not sure if this is the right thread for this since it's what's my personality type ? but i'll plop it here anyway . : happy : i'm interested in finding out what a girl's type is . we used to be ... that's what i'm saying . would certain types feel that obligation more strongly than others ? and , assuming your daughter is your only child and her father is in her life , would you sacifice yourself ... if an individual had an opportunity to save someone's life but had to give up their own in the process , what would the different types consider ? i am a entx , slightly leaning towards entj , and i ... oh . gah . wayyy to young for me . i've always imagined getting married in my lat 20 ' s , after i've risen to the top . :p roud : what would freak me out even more is the age difference in the two ... up until this point , i always thought i was borderline entx while slightly leaning towards entj . after reading this , i'm thinking i might have to change that . :p roud : one major example of my ... i've always been borderline entx , slightly leaning towards entj , but i think after reading this thread i might have to reconsider this . i've done a good 95 % of everything mentioned so far , especially ... wannabe by the spice girls . why ? only because it's the best song ever ! i'm so mature . : tongue : '