i believe balance is important . you want to be able to enjoy it to the full . a good credit history doesn't matter in the end , regretting the things you could've done in the past affects the thing you ... i doubt there's a direct correlation with your statement , i don't disagree with it , but its really your choice how you deal with it . while sometimes i really hate my mother for the things she does , ... by saying the above i suppose the person seeks empathy / sympathy . being the unemotional robots that we are , usually unable to provide such act of comfort and thus resorting to the ' silent treatment ' , ... left brain : 62 % right brain : 38 % your left brain percentages 42 % symbolic ( your most dominant characteristic ) 40 % sequential 40 % reality-based 37 % linear 30 % logical 27 % ... never really thought of it until now . i do enjoy work to a point that i know i have contributed and done well at . however in saying that , i tend to be obsessive to a point that i must do well every ... this is according to my mother : 1 . climbed the tv set and it fell on me . 2 . touched a gas stove despite being warned it was hot . thanks mercer . u got me hooked :( reminiscing the good old days of being a kid . so , i just recently took the 16 quiz test . and , uh , got the result of an intp . while i don't really understand why , right now , would anyone please point out the differences / similarities of intp to ... definitely . i'm also from australia :) we do , me personally anyway . me and a mate at work just constantly insult each other just for the fun of it , and hey , we both mean no harm and it just kills the serious work mood . it's quite unfortunate how women are perceived more so of the emotional kind and thus maybe perceived of less as a thinker . but humans develop on their own , at their own pace and based on their ... 1 . my dad almost always prefers my sister over me 2 . i'm always tired , yet always found something to do 3 . i still have the same crush as i do 2 years ago 4 . i wont do anything about it ( refer to ... me too ! next choice would be big bang theory . interesting article there ^ . couldnt've said it better myself . being a pessimistic realist allows you to prepare for the worst , therefore limiting the chances of being disappointed in the outcome you ... yeah , they have some wonderful effects on the mind :) . i think its what inspired me to pick up photography , its a subtle form of art that doesn't require alot of imagination , only technical ... personally , what i think i was doing was venting to a friend . however , he considers it to be whining . i don't understand it either , i guess it was due to my childhood experiences . so i suppose i ... i can relate to your story mercer , for i also work in a grocery store . long story short , i was deemed redundant in one department ( grocery department ) due to the fact that i wasn't accepting the ... i guess its the fact that we , as istj's need to have some sort of level of knowledge on others that make it so easy for us to potentially become friends with the one we are interested in and for a ... personally , i get most enjoyment of how things are done and whether they are done effectively or less time consuming . i believe in doing things right the first time , rather than coming back to it and ... to some degree , i do enjoy company , its just that i wish that i was a little less timid . meanwhile , i also enjoy giving time to myself to recharge and recount the day that i just went through . i ... to be honest , it isn't a very important to me personally , but it does help that you contribute to a conversation to create a perception that you are more approachable as an individual , and not viewed ... my approach has been slightly more different lately . to be completely honest , the only reason it was dying down is because there is a different person . she's more interesting to me personally than ... this is exactly what i'm going through , its slowly dying though which is good . but i cant be sure that it wont spark up with a mutual friend that i sometimes find attractive . really drives me insane ... that reminds me of algebra . easier said than done , i guess i gotta grow a pair and work it out . but the whole point of this thread for me is to work around limerence by finding the origin of ... on the contrary , we might not do things that seem obsessive , however , personally , i think we fantasize possible outcomes in our mind . also , we pay attention to the details of the person so ... so , i came across this thread in the intj subforum , and was wondering if any istj's here have been in a ... i agree , however , i think most people would prefer that others be supportive to their cause rather than hearing the sharp pointy edges of truth . in my case , i just simply dont get jokes that have ... well if you want specifics just say so ! 1/2 chinese , 1/4 indonesian and 1/128 th dutch . ( apparently , thats what my grandma said anyway , about the dutch part . ) in case anyone is not up to date , the ... where do i sign up : tongue : hahahaha , classic . anyway i'm guilty of these charges : ran yellow lights . speed . jaywalk . stole money from my parents . ( back in the day when i didnt have a job , now that i do , i usually end up ... actually , i took it around 4 times . dont know why , guess i was curious to double check what i am . the order goes something like this . 1 . istp 2 . istp 3 . istj 4 . istj well then i suppose i ... i usually tend to quietly follow her around , in a safe distance , to continue further observation of my new obsession . then , its usually followed by constant second guessing of whether i should talk ... well whatever his reasons are , i'm not forcing him to reveal it.but personally , if someone had an interest in me and i know about it , it might be better to not just completely limit any possibilities ... but why ? it seems like she's interested . i dont mind social gatherings for a particular event , say a birthday party or a band playing live music . however , when such events have fulfilled their promise / need , i usually find an excuse to ... if i may ask and not go into so much detail here , what made you that upset and decide to send a message to end the friendship ? unless it was something extremely personal and confidential ... everyone has their own set of moral standards . ' i guess what i'm trying to say is , i wouldn't change myself just for the sake of being accepted into the social norm . i'm aware that it sounds selfish , ... ^ you sir . are a genius . thank you kindly for your advice . this intrigues me really . we all know the asshole type personality is just a face men put on to pick up . while deep inside , we never really know what their real personality is like , yet women accept ... to be quite honest with you , i didn't think getting together for a coffee meant a date , i just placed the term ' date ' in context to the social activity in which a person wants their significant other ... yeah , i'm not entirely sure what her type is , but i'm sure she was an extrovert . ill ' be alright , thanks for your sympathy . : happy : i suppose you're right , im just infatuated by her that i'm willing to ignore the gut instincts or hints that i've gotten through the past 2 dates that didn't happen . i suppose there are still plenty ... so i've been meaning to get with this girl for about a year now . it's been kinda on and off since were both busy with college and my night shifts have kind of been ruining my weekend for some time ... for me personally , looking at both the positive and negative allows me to come to a clearer conclusion , which ultimately doesn't show bias towards one side . by extracting both positive and negative ... i havent had as much experience so honestly , i cant help you there . but reading from these responses , they are all good things to consider and based on this , you should do what you think is right . ... im more into history myself , also maths . calculus excites me . but some of us are nice guys and to act otherwise and be fake , personally i wouldn't be able to live with myself if i did . i guess women have their own reasons to be on their guard and not fall for ...