after a stretch analysis , i realize that sherlock is an intj with some traces of intp . first , sherlock can understand the crime scene and create concrete images - see the whole picture in your mind ... i think that's the only way to know what my true type . akatsuki from naruto : pain - infp ( with mask intj ) konan - isfx itachi - inxj kisami - xstp tobi / obito - enfp kakuzo - xstj hidan - estp sasori - istj batman - ixtj nightwing - enfj robin [ tim drake ] - intp red hood - xsfp damian wayne - estj catwoman - estp batgirl - infj or enfp gordon - istj two faces - estj joker - enxp its me ! i understand . i do not totally agree with what i though i have identified myself with the supposed te sherlock . even though i am te less i care enough to what i will learn will really be of good use ... what do you think of this ? : can you tell where the author is wrong and why ? i use my te as something individual for my fi . do our best to review and enforce organization and logic in my environment so i can harmony and development . it seems my te only works for me , do not ... interesting . it reminds me subtypes enough . i believe i try to be a subtype te . hi , i'm an infp 4w3 with strong traces of enneagrama 3 and noticed i've been using quite a te function , or at least thinking that the use of creating a mask . it all started when i met friends ntj's ... dio is entj . te-se > > ni-fi batman - estj superman - xsfj or isfp wonder woman - xstp lex luthor - entp lois lane - esfj or enfp kuroro seems intp . he does not have a certain objectivity in what you do , your orders can be accurate , however , see such precision as a good improviser . he does not have it all figured out , he risks ... i understood what you said about quick analysis , but from what i read and watched , his deductions happens after a high observation of the whole picture , to thereby deduce what is next . this ... mello is definitely infp or enfp . the sense of justice and the belief by l is what motivates fi . he envisioned l as god and had a huge inferiority complex with near , after l died he started to act fi ... i understand what you said . i understand the intj side you show it . but as i said , the mind and his vision interacted brilliantly in the environment and analyze quick happen . anyway , it's really ... so you think is more common an intj have a quick analysis of the complete picture in a few seconds and normal than a istp way ? even intj with se inferior ? he plays for the abstract world when to get information . it is usually more focused on specific standards on what is happening in the moment , so much so that he never deducts or have full idea about ... he analyzes everything quickly , all he see is being analyzed through his mind looking for patterns . it is fast in the connections , and all this is done internally by external observation , virtually ... what happens is that itachi did everything for the sake of the leaf village and for the sake of his brother ; he saw that it was the only option for him , which led him to dress as a villain and ... i think that verona is an intp with si well developed . the way she theorizes things is quite ti , quite reflective and curious , however , have huge links with past experiences and details . aoba i say ... intp like to talk about their thoughts - at least two of which i met socially - mainly because of ne aux , what do they talk endlessly eloquently , especially if they are with magnificent ideas in ... when sherlock is in a very bad situation , it uses the function si . si is like something to save him when he is in a desperate situation , so remembering details . an intj would flee to fi and se , he , ... i agree that it is an intp . however , it is a well-developed intp , precisely because it is fictional . it has a memory palace where he likes to discuss logical ideas with yourself and talk about the ... i think will is infp . empathy is not only precisely fe , can also be fi . he absorbs himself the criminal's personality , as well , wondering details of the crimes . not to mention that it has moments ... when a xnxp is something you really like it practically is clearly focused that - especially if value with fi , or want to find a more complete and logical operation with the ti - , however , may end up ... about makishima shogo be enfp or entp ... well , i see fe in his phrases , that everything he does is for the good of society and the good of the community extroverted . but if we realize all this was ... i do not see infj in hisoka . i do not see him being driven by ni , it is very improviser to be a ni dom ; but i see ni it . what makes me jump to a istp or even isfp . however , it can be also intp . i see komugi as an infp that values the ' ' go ' ' . it explores possibilities within the field and stores data and strategies to use at the time of the game - ne-si . not to mention the te function may ... his plan is simple and selective , but when it is ready to test , it will focus on the moment . and as a istp has ni , i do not see no reason to have a plan to live in the moment with a particular ... i understand your point . but still , i do not see why it is not an istp . it can prove to be a good psychological player and is good at deceiving others , but this is somewhat related to personality ... hisoka not seem to be very interested in idealistic and philosophical values - even though distorted - to be an infp sociopath . anyway , it was shown some of it , we know practically nothing about his ... hisoka is istp and chrollo intp or infj cloud could be a infp too . whoever attachment to the past and want to go to the dark side - kingdoom hearts - to delete the cycle of memories seems well fi-si . what makes you think that hisoka is not a istp ? i do not see izaya as intj ... of course intjs can play a jokester personality as entp , but it is entp almost all the time , even isolated it shows that hyperactive expression that hates boredom . for ... i think aoba seems a sociopath enfp - can also be infp , but now i think more e than i - . quite persuader with several comprehensive and bold ideas , rancor guard and hates being compared to izaya - ... kabuto from naruto it is a good example of infp unhealthy . johan was born with an enormous capacity for empathy . and it has all the vision of fanciful world and despises his own existence and wants to bring his sister to an ideal place . fi could be so , but ... griffith i see as entj now , motivation to master the outside world is more te gift itself . a very subtle entj . orochimaru could also be intj . i agree with johan , ace , orochimaru . griffith i see as entj , quite strategist and quick in decision-making , has tremendous need to control the outside world . hisoka i believe is istp . i think he is ... sasuke seems a inxp with distorted fi . in childhood he was well infp , wanting to inspire your brother to get recognition , but after the trauma he seemed to have quite ni traits . or he may have been ... zuko from avatar is infp or isfp ? izaya is entp . it is a gift ne , has tremendous need to create connections with others and explore the possibilities . his game is not focused , it is comprehensive , likes to plant something only to ... i love this series hannibal : infj with certain extroverted traits and ti well developed . will : infp with fi and ne broken with their lower functions rather well developed . jack : estj alana : ... monster tenma : infp johan : infj developed ti nina : enfj dieter : enfp roberto : estp eva : esxj lunge : intp developed si grimmer : exfp rurouni kenshin kenshin : infj kaoru : esfj yahiko : estj sano : esfp aoshi : istj shishio : entj or estj ne loop saito : istj misao : esfj avatar aang : enfp soka : estp katara : xxfj toph : istp zuko : infp loop si iroh : enfx azula : entj mai : ixtp xstj