' i have to tell you that we're probably the most complex people you'll ever know . we do have emotions and feelings , but we don't express them as freely as others . we may change our minds and make ... to get things going , do you guys like to flirt ? i like to flirt but contrary to some who flirt because they want to fool around , i flirt because you're really attractive and i'd like to get to know ... i have a mix of participative and delegating leadership style . i'd like to involve everyone in the decision making process and let them move the discussion along and let them mold and mix their ideas ... i've been wondering about things lately and i know that many of my friends find me to be complex and even contradictory . they wonder why i have a penchant for debates and public speaking but was ... i'm center-right on social issues . the facts are the the taking of the life of an innocent fetus is murder and that is why abortion ought to be illegal except in the cases of rape , incest or when the ... there are so many meanings of life . but the meaning of life to me is working hard and getting into my desired career . it means to earn big money . it means to have a nice home and nice cars . it means ... aliens do not exist . they are the imaginary creation of sci-fi folks and ancient cultures that worshiped rocks . if there were aliens , they would've taken over our universe or done something bad to us ... i've had that experience once and it was awful . but i realized that it was probably due to a string of mistakes and blunders on my part . i was over-obsessive and hedged everything on that ... 4183341834 4183541836 so ... what do you think after analyzing my handwriting personality ? i have a set of very personal values that i have very close to my heart . they include integrity , loyalty and respect . those are just some of them i can think of . i also find my personal relationship ... lachesis thank you . that was very sweet of you . i do realize that a lot of men reject their emotional side and often try to get rid of emotion thinking it would make them unmanly . well , the thing is ... absolutely ! some people say i'm too formal or a snob , but i'm not . it's just my blood and my personality to be attracted to classy things . and i will work for those classy things and i will get them ... i was just in a depressed mood a couple of days ago . i felt hopeless and trapped and sad . i felt really horrible and i had nausea and fatigue . you should find some place to direct that energy . i ... i have to say i'm mature but i shan't say i dislike immature people . but i just can't stand people who don't have any values or integrity . as long as you're fun and immature but a real person and not ... yes it does . it's usually when i'm feeling stressed out or when i'm in a place or around people i'm uncomfortable with or those whom i don't trust . i thought my teachers were trying to gather us ... i definitely agree with that . i mean , i'm usually thinking of something , making plans in my head and considering the impact or whatever of certain decisions . it kind of scares people off though once ... i have to say that i have a million different thoughts and ideas in my head every second so it wouldn't be surprising if some of them were intrusive . i don't pay much attention to them since i ... well i don't want to be just anyone . i want to be someone . i don't want to be a vanilla , ordinary person . i want to be successful and i want to be happy and i want to achieve my dreams . i've been thinking about things lately and i just don't think public school is working out that well . i don't want to have to get the same response from my teachers year after year . he has more ... it's impossible 4091140912 but i can't . i know how it feels that something is worse in your head than in reality , but i'm afraid that these things will tear relationships apart , tear away trust , tear away the very thin fabric ... i've decided to have a fresh start at live but one thing , some things have been troubling me . my past decisions , words , actions and events are haunting me . it's not a crime , it's just things i've ... hi , my name is wesley . i used to hang out at the enfp forum but i know that i really am an infp . i mean , i've been lying to myself . i've always wanted to be more extroverted to fit in and talk to ... i don't want you to feel sad or anything . i think that i haven't behaved very well on this thread and i apologize for it . i admit that . but i am my own person . i am awake . i just want to thank you ... nice try . i'm never going to be a socialist . i'm never going to be a democrat ever again . guess what ? i've done my work and i've developed my political views and i stand by them . period . i've ... i really hate it when people resort to personal attacks . what is wrong with you ? just because we disagree doesn't make me uneducated and narrow . stop the personal attacks . look at yourself . why do ... what do you mean i'm trying to looking sympathetic ? are you crazy ? what's displaying affect ? i mean , come one , this is stupid . we were discussing issues and then i was in a conversation with ... but what if i want both ? i could have money but no love and be lonely for the rest of my life . or i could have love but no money and not be able to achieve my dreams . but what if i want both ? i could ... i guess we just disagree . i'm a rightie and you're a lefty . but we're still friends right ? i'll just stop talking about politics in these threads . i promise . i'm sorry that i've offended you . i suppose i'm just trying a little too hard as a 15 - year old kid . i have big dreams and big ambitions . i see everything out there . i'm just very sorry that i've ... it's a brave new world for me . that's what i'm seeing when i look into the future . i have so many dreams , so many ambitions and so many goals . and they are big . i just feel like i'm being held back ... i agree with you . we should all get to be our own persons . i'm sad to hear that you and your dad are in that situation . i wish you all the best regarding that issue . on a side note , a romantic ... i just have this weird public expressions of love fantasy so i figured it wouldn't be weird since it really demonstrated our relationship . i mean , i would love for my future wife to kiss me and for ... why ? do you hate politics ? don't worry , we'll still love each other at the end of the day and i'll still love you . :) let me just tell you that even if you confiscated all the money the rich have , you would not be able to pay off this debt . the solution is to first balance the budget and then pay off the debt in the ... first of all , i would just like to state that i do believe in romantic fantasies . i do believe that a relationship can be as good as you dream of it . my romantic fantasy ... i don't know what you'd ... i still think hillary's an intj . some say she's an entj but i think she's an intj . i can just feel it . but since this is about relationships with intjs i'd just like to ask you guys what you think . i ... yes i do . some say it's a fairy tale and the product of unrealistic idealism but yes , i do believe in love . i believe in romance . i believe that one day , i will meet the love of my life . i know it . i ... i will respond to that . how did the economy crash ? how did the financial institutions crash ? they crashed because they were greedy . but you have to realize that no sane , reasonable ceo would go to ... i'm sorry you misunderstood my statement . they pay 50 % of all the income taxes here out of all the taxes collected . not the tax rate . and i disagree with you . there is nothing wrong with being rich ... hi again , guys , how are you ? so , i've been checking out hillary clinton in her earlier days and as first lady and i find her to be quite an attractive lady . and i'm also talking about her ... listen , my parents didn't feed me anything and i don't like personal attacks . it took me 2 years to develop my political views and i was a moderate and then i was a liberal democrat and now i'm a ... i disagree with you . the rich pay over 50 % of all the income tax and that's a fact . i think that all tax rates ought to be lowered and some of the loopholes ought to be eliminated . there is nothing ... it's even worse when i judge him by his actions . he's a disaster . all he wants to do is to tax more and spend more , thinking that will somehow revive our economy when his $ 800 billion stimulus was a ... well we disagree with you . he's not done a very good job at all . regarding taxes , he wants to have a 2.3 % additional tax on medical devices such as heart stents and ultrasounds , thinking that it will ... as president , i will : - reduce income tax rates with the top rate being 25 % , followed by 15 % and then 10 % . - reduce capital gains tax to 10 % , corporate tax rate to 15 % . - reform medicare with premium ... or maybe i'll be a journalist and i'll interview all the celebrities and host a talk show and interview the president of the united states . i'll then be a reality star and have my own show . or then i ... i'm 15 years old and i want to study law or something like that . then i would run for public office . i'm going to run for mayor , state senator , governor , congress and then i'm going to run for ... whenever i see him , i always see this certain uncertainty , this certain insecurity in him . i see him trying to say the right things . i see him worrying about how the audience would react . i see him ... '