' the entp's win . intjs would be crushing us , apparently cruising to an easy victory . then right as it appears they are about to win , the intj forces realize they're in a mockup of the entp ... there are a lot of reasons to suspect that it's more than just a useful taxonomy tool . we want to ascribe it less reality because it's only a time object . time objects are no less real than space ... yeah it totally does . i understand this sooo much better now . thanks to nidbild well , is it wise to make your point ? would you have made it had i not posted the thread ? probably . but the title of this thread made it the perfect situation to voice this thought . more discourse ... really ? hmmm ... why not ? is it that you want to feel autonomous ? that sounds ... impossible . ne leads us where it wills , no doubt about that . it leads me through the land of credible bullshit most often , but plenty of other places as well , for sure . value assessment ... i often wonder what ... i think we t's do that as well , though perhaps from a different angle . i often over-analyze interactions , but usually it has something to do with work or people involved in a project or something . ... i know an infp . i dated her for about two weeks . she was very sexy . but ... you guys are aliens . i mean ... um ... i believe you . you are at peace , and untroubled , and in the moment . ... that's very practical of you , ha ha ... and such economy of language ! i have goals too , but i rarely think about them . it's a strategy / tactics thing i guess . you guys are strategy minded . no , it doesn't sound boring . it's not what i do in my head , but i understand it . it makes sense to me . i'm struck by how alien some brains are . this thing you describe is not me , but it's not ... mine is . but two wives is my limit . so this next one , it can't be catch and release ( self-preservation , remember ) , but it ain't gonna be a mrs . neither . really , you should introduce yourself by tossing a nuclear bomb at the thread . it's the only way parrots will take you seriously . that's why we hit nagasaki , actually . the japanese were overrun ... an adequate dismissal , since we're still stretching . i guess the colorful parrot helps others distinguish you ? i can name two that seem to fit the bill . jimmy v . and dick vermeil . 432314 they might be enfp's though , not sure . a definite entp crybaby coach would be me . any thoughts ? well , i've read that i'm supposed to find myself an infj woman . my first woman was a delightful infp . probably . it was a long time ago . hard to say for sure . but we got along great . my second ... aesthetics offers a lot of ground for analysis . i'm still more or less driving in a reject aesthetic relativism direction , but my thoughts are always evolving on that . art is manifesting agency ... it's interesting . i like to consume the first - fantasy , sci-fi , wizards and dragons and stuff . yes , even now at 44 yo . but i tend to only think about the second of the two areas you listed . ... that's why everyone needs a loyal entp on the team . they're snarling to fight those battles for you . well , see it's more like this . i walk into this forum , and i'm like ... oh . these people have no idea who i am . how delightfully and thoroughly incautious they are . they think 4 letters make us ... i want to skype with you , obv . and record it . and put it on youtube . you seem dramatically less pussywillowy than most about just pulling the trigger on shit . my skype is autonomy.debate if ... 2015 432034  2007 ish 432050 2014 432058 my daughter and i discuss life as entp's from the male and female perspective . my daughter talks about how hard it is to find guys . : rolleyes : i want one too . you wanna skype me ? autonomy.debate no i mean on the internet . i don't get schooled in real life , ever . no , i've been wholly disappointed . not a single attempt on my life . nor any replies . to the several questioners of this : i apologized because we're entp's and therefore that's the contrarian position . that you didn't anticipate this answer makes me the better entp ;-) . ... the only person who ever really schooled me - i mean crushed me - was an enfp . careful . she'll lull you into complacency first . i warn you because we're only unbeatable up to a certain degree of ... 431554 4315 62 431570 i'm curious though . do you plan it ? cause i don't think i plan any of it . it just seems to happen . someone will arrive and help where i need help , when i need the person to do so . i scrunch my ... you got me believing it too , homie . well said , spot on , nailed it , fingertip to nose , and so forth . the test appears to no longer work , or does not work for me , at least . i consider myself highly ethical . that doesn't necessarily mean i am nice . i can tell you that i absolutely do ascribe to ... i enjoyed your post on the late night alamo trip , by the way . you've got good instincts for text to image balance in the media . 1 . i got that picture from an e-n-t-p , which is a tumblr thing , if memory serves . memory doesn't occupy much head space ;-) 2 . i'm close . i'm seriously close to reading her mind . 3 . i too ... the dimension of space objects is for losers anyways . i'm with you . it's time objects all the way down . um ... greatest four steps ever ? ! i would consider my own analysis of naruto and naruto shippuden to be among the most credible of my bullshit . :-) me , i'm entp . i'ma go with ... credible bullshit . 431322 self-preserving moves to sexual for example , the self preserving subtype considers a mate as an essential need to maintain and insure security . therefore , when in search of a mate the ... here's the thing . to the other respondents , you aren't answering the question he's really asking . drohski : the reason is because they don't know . we just want our significant others to be ... here's the thing . to the other respondents , you aren't answering the question he's really asking . drohski : the reason is because they don't know . we just want our significant others to be ... an accurate generalization . i was comfortable in my director position , with a flexible boss , and control over the whole program architecture , but relieved of some of the stupid inter-personal bs of ... thank you for the thoughtful and wholly engaging comment . i entirely agree regarding generosity and loyalty to inner circle peeps ; i also still think we're a bit selfish , with our time if ... we went to the marriage counselor . the counselor said , confusedly , to my ex-wife , he's like a teenager ... is he always like this ? i just want to play all the time . that's it . why should i ... intuitive despot . that's cool . i like that a lot . what kind of entp blunders through a rebuttal like that ? smh . there's nothing remotely anti-accountability about my text . nor is there a reduction of the type to broken misfit . nor is there ... coach debate . it's the perfect job . in some formats , the topic changes every month . it's zero-sum intellectual warfare . a proxy battle between coaches - all highly intelligent - via their ... it never will , and it's a waste of your talents . i hate that they trap us so young , when we have no idea what's happening . cause then so many of us get stuck there . obligations , needs , etc ... ... totally . there is no landing place that remains satisfactory for long . safety is stasis . we hate stasis . i'm a leader . i own the world's strangest school . it's a school no one would ever go to , except i do real stuff instead of fake stuff , so i'm judged on my actual competency . i liberate sovereigns ... '