' sorry if this question was tackled before . 1 / i would like to know how does an entp in love behaves around someone they like romantically ? 2 / how do you treat someone you consider them a crush ? ... thank you ! i tried ' not to come off as intense ' and was kind of logical .. you cannot judge a book by its cover , i know i usually sound clumsy that's because i have many interesting ideas but because ... question * entp's escape from an infj ? ! hey guys ! * i met an entp online in one of the facebook groups . at first , we were just commenting on random posts and joking around .. but recently , he posted ... he was the one who initiated talking about feelings and love .. he's kinda romantic but i am ' logical ' when it comes to emotions , i had enough of heart-breaks already . i meant pmbti ersonality groups , there are alot of these on facebok :) i was present trying my best to keep up with his questions and cheering him up ! but he could at least say that he is no longer interested in befriending me and delete me at once , why confuse me ? ? ! ! i don't really know ? ! it was weird and i was rereading my messages over and over again , i thought maybe i said something wrong .. i just don't get entps ! when did he send me the friendship request then ? i don't really know ? ! it was weird and i was rereading my messages over and over again , i thought maybe i said something wrong .. i just don't get entps ! hey guys ! i met an entp online in one of the facebook groups . at first , we were just commenting on random posts and joking around .. but recently , he posted something about being in a cross roads ... get lost dude ! - _ - ego ... ego everywhere ! - _ - : angry : u guys need to be humble , saying u r awesome is counterproductive ! confidence is good but arrogance is not ! ! ! : rolleye :: bored : sorry i've just read ur reply ! thank u soo much dear , i'll do as u said , i'll just live my life and maybe one day he'll come back to me ! ;) 345762 this is how nfs deal with heartbreak , take notes ! :p eaceful : wooow that was an amazing explanation thank u very much ! ! ! i get the loop thing , u hit the nail on the head ! ^ ^ i gotta get over him , i'll do as u said ! ;) and btw my mom is an isfj too , she ... sorry i can't help it ! he drives me crazy ( not in a good way ) : ssad :: heart-borken : lol i hope u mean mailwoman ! :p ercsmile 1 : u deserve someone better , someone who wouldn't disappear because of some commitmentphobia ! :) good like fella infj ^ ^ speaking about ldr , why not ? ? ? : ball : 1 / what about platonic love , can u love someone without making love to them ? ? ? 2 / what do u think of long distance relationships ? ? ? : joyous : ( just curious ) lool funny answers ! :) but i guess u entps r not in tune with ur feelings , it takes u a long time to realize that u like someone , sometimes when it's too late and the other person who had been in ... most of u entps like flirting , it's basically a second nature to u . i know an entp friend who does it just to see my reaction i guess .. my question is : how can one dintinguish between ur flirting ... i guess u mature entp r aware of ur flaws but u just want to hide them or embellish them or just say u r aware of them but still embrace ur imperfections ! u seem arrogant cuz u don't wanna show ... cuz u make baseless assumptions ? ? ? hahaha : rolleyes :: tongue :: triumphant : nope it's the other way round ! :p erc 2 : is it only the entp i know or do entps become more gentle-man like around infjs ? : joyous :: typingneko : knife soo true ! yes we hide our devilish naughty : carrot : side from people , but once we meet with entps with whom we feel comfortable we show that side of us and they welcome it ! : whoa : and they ... stultum can't u entps just say smething without being sarcastic ? ! :p ercsmile 1 : thanks zzbrandon for ur honesty ! u seem like a nice entp ! : joyous : yeah right knife ! - _ - : rolleyes :: mellow : dunno but i guess entp / infj pairing is kinda bad boy / nice girl romance ? ? ? ! ! ! :p ercsmile 1 :: laughing : i am new here , i really didn't know that there is another similar thread , sorry ! : ssad : my crush is an entp who is eaten up with pride , i can't help loving / hating him ! : heart-borken :: confused : i guess many people hate entps because of their bluntness , egoism , insensitivity , playfulness , fickleness you name it , the list is too long ... : computer :: sighlol : so , what do you hate about entps ... snowpharaoh yes it does , i get what u mean ! thanks dude ! : joyous : polyana yeah that's for sure ! but i need details , i know that not all entps r the same but could u plz give me examples ? ? ? ( like first intelligence test , second fun test ... ) : anyone :: kitteh : ... hey you crazy grumpy smarta * * guys ! : glee : :p erc 2 : most of u make ur female condidates go through eligibility tests ... so i am wondering what kind of tests should they pass to win ur twisted ... scarlet_heart unfortunately i know only one confirmed male entp , i didn't meet any entp females ... :/ : ssad : lol u entps r hilarious , i love being around funny guys who make fools out of themselves telling goofy jokes ( but their gibberish actually hides meaningful messages ) ! desire machine u really are a ... thanks zzbrandon ! ! ^ ^ ditto , we infjs like entps cuz we cannot see through them immediately ( a bit hard to get but we end u figuring u out :p erc 2 : ) if we managed to invite all the intuitives to a party hosted by aha that day would be the apocalypse ! ! ! :p erc 2 : lol ( cuz all of us together in the same party will make a hell of a fuss , we really ... lauressa go ahead dear ! lol ... but don't tell him i am gossiping about him in a forum ! : ball :: love_heart :: glee : gosh entp not entps ! ! sorry for the typo ! :d ispirited : hey smartmouths ! ! :p erc 2 : i have a question : * * * among all the women u were attracted to , there must be one girl who took your breath ... elsaaa wish ya the same and more fella infj ! : love_heart : : hugs :: carrot : thanks emilia , don't worry about it ! yes u r right , let's just live with it and see what will happen in the years yet to come ! : typingneko : : hugs :: skellie : aww entp male comment ! welcome gentleman ! * bows * ;) thank u , i will ! :) since next month i'll travel to europe i'll ask him to meet again ( in case he didn't travel to asia again :/ ) i have a ... oh so sweet of u elsaaa ! ! ! <3 i will try my best , thank u so much ! u infjs r my heroines : love_heart : : lovekitty : emilia than u so much for ur reply but why did u delete it ? ? ? i literally loved it ! :/ it perfectly described how i feel , please could u write it again , i teared up reading ur comment ! and no i am ... elsaaa thank u sister but if i talk to him and he doesn't answer i will feel more neglected and this will hurt more .. so i just need to find a way to live with the pain cuz i will never ever forget ... i hope i can get pieces of advice from u guys ! what do u do exactly to forget someone ? ! blindfolded miles thank u for ur advice , i really wanna do that , delete him and move on without looking back ... i didn't delete him , i cant .. i'll go nuts if i do , wandering how he is doing , what he is doing .. i am already crazy if i delete him i will be thi.king more about him , i guess i will become a ... how do u know that he likes me ? even if he does our relationship is impossible , am an orthodox and we live in two different continents ( after meeting him i am thinking or rather decided to study ... hi guys ! i am a new member but i have been hanging around here , peeping and reading ur posts : tongue : to cut the story short , i am a 25 - year young woman who met a guy by accident in asia while we ... '