' i am who i am before my father died , i never thought it could feel more whole with myself . and apparently the ticket was right before my eyes . vices , addiction , escapism ; the old habits that kept me ... i didn't think it could be so possible to feel so happy with myself and knowing you inspired me into snapping back into the person i used to be , constantly creative and comfortably vulnerable . i ... hello , i would like to revert back to my original username . superfluous thank you in advance ! intj wow , so i'm a type 2 rather than 7 . very funny , honestly , but not a surprise to some i suppose . intp not gonna lie that was hella great very 90s very chipper grunge oh nice ! thanks d , * hugs * hella infp vocaroo | voice message sure , why not - - i only have eyes for you by the flamingoes this is my more , fun version , another song called temptation by heaven 17 ... wow , thank im deeply offended because you know i am a fairy , not a wizard . back from the dead and disappointed to see this ever growing playlist slowing down . * bump i guess : kitteh : yes ! i forgot all about them yknow , yass . fuck it up . i am the strokes . my job sounds cute , the scheduling ... does not .. i wouldnt mind waking up at 5 am if i had more than 5 hours of sleep but eh , lets go . se is not a shallow function by flutistpridefe : i ’ ve heard about how se is simplistic and unintelligent . if you thought se was just “ i see the fish ” , you are wrong . se sees the fish , takes in its ... as soon as i get relaxed a big case comes out of nowhere , work is going to be huge for the rest of the month . god i hope so , mommy needs more , not just another pair of fenty's study long , study wrong i could spot you a mile away i could see your insecurities written all on your face so predictable your words , i know what you gonna say who you foolin ' ? with the homies ... se-fe loop is a noose i never want to get back to lol . * plays chess with ti dom once a day to have the ti juices constant flow * i knew the whole time i was watching tangled that i was flynn and not the titular character . well hey , at least we have merida . istp didn't tell me he had put a tracker on my blog but he just decided to just do it . the results are a bit fascinating ... if not horrifying . you might as well be a celebrity . all this fame ... god , i'm in love with life . i brought home the bacon , and the suddenly , my future no longer felt like a trap . i'm living life more than ever , thank god i have weekly massages i don't think i ... forget fantasy , let's make it happen babe . well , yknow minus all the dirty down and nasty illegal stuf - i have a future to build . but tbh , i dont think we even need dangerous activity look at the ... my curls are fucking insane , today i came in looking like i was electrocuted . it's a beautiful contrast to my blazers and pumps but i gotta find a product with weight so it doesnt bounce and levitate ... you would think working for a pi you would catch something juicy , but all this improvising and conniving from my side , i was literally in action tonight and all im blessed in return is cliche shit ... i miss you , but i haven't met you yet . so special , but it hasn't happened yet . you are gorgeous , but i haven't met you yet . i remember , but it hasn't happened yet . ... a dream can come true i've been thinking about how much i've grown the past four months , and i'm honestly really proud of myself . i find myself saying that a lot and i truly hate how corny i feel when i do , but its ... lmao i support we binged watched tarantino films today and yesterday and .. well , we sort of watched it . and this is so weird to say because there was so much going on while there was so much was going on .. that the ... : kitteh :  * huge sigh of relief * how my mbti group sees me : how my fencing group sees me : ... trip-hop is the honestly the only genre to me . ive been weirdly healthy too long where is my destructo activities i run to because i need to feel recharged by intensity . i feel so tacky when i say shit like that , like i'm feel exposed in some ... a few days ago , i overlayed a few songs over various music videos . the results are glorious for music freaks because the vocals of the song playing will be in sync with the lip movements and ... me trying to go home after leg day god , i suppose so . i always saw it as knowledge doing that for me . i never thought of it as people .. perhaps people's actions as jumping off point to start internal negotiations .. inducing thoughts ... when you look back on all your instances of love and realized it had always started out pure but then it ends up just a ploy to gain power over the other cunning individual . oh wait , i'm the chaser ... no . i will be in love one day but i don't believe they will do anything of that effect . but i think having a kid may do that . edit : congrats that the gravitational pull is still doing it's job ... these pills called evenflo . evenflo works by increasing blood circulation , fighting blood deficiencies such as anemia , and ischemia . it reduces pms symptoms , spasm and general body pain . several of ... fencing problems : that moment when everyone blinked and no one knows who had right of way fucking magic pills . i truly believe it now , i wont be going to the hospital , or even getting sick again .  '