' everytime ! ! ! even when i am in the right to be angry , and i have all justification to be angry , i'm liek oh shit maybe that hurt their feelings and immediately am like sorry .. sometimes i predict ... then i see them ... they're all in town ... - hahaha oh man , this video is great . so then the principle is : the more you give it away , the more it comes back . now you say , ' i don't have the courage to give it away . i'm afraid ' . and you can only overcome that by realizing , you ... the fundamental identifier for me is the start of an opinion . i feel like x ... as opposed to i think x ... that isn't to say that i don't use both . so only just learning that anything we post here cannot be deleted ... not even by special request ... it is all indexed by google making everything we vent about , recount or every personal detail - ... my mind's a mess , my life feels altered . my best mate ( enfp ) of 2 years , whom i am openly involved , but do not want a relationship , broke my trust on the weekend , and crossed moral boundaries - drunk ... edit : just realised you said chatting online some of this may not apply so much sorry .. as an infp one thing that will definitely send me running are - people interjecting or speaking over me ... leictreon totally agree with wandering wizard the times i have had that connection with someone - it has definitely shown in bed from either sides . i find with me personally ( in terms of sex ) ... leictreon my friend - i'm 24 ... and this is going to sound ridiculous but , i first had sex with a girl that i barely knew through what was essentially fear of being judged when i had only just ... 570410 10 / 10 almost achieved my ultimate dream of dying . this - on repeat . video is crucial . are you kidding ? this is like my autobiography . auto because nobody likes me enough to write it for me . paradoxically i feel like i could be in the guiness world records of comedy , for being ... i apologise for the delayed reply , the whole situation had evaded me and seemed impossible in my downfall to insanity , who would've figured clarity is what i came out with ... i appreciate your ... aquarian i'm so sorry i never replied to your last post it was incredible , much alike all the guidance you have given me , and it gave me some insight as to your position on the subject of ... aquarian i seriously need to apologize , and i sincerely , sincerely do ... from the bottom of my heart .. you don't deserve to have this kind of blatantly delusional insanity dumped on you , and i ... aquarian okay so it took me sometime to reply , and i apologize i've just been trying to go over this whole heinous mess in my head and it just seems strange .. it's still so confusing but the ... i think that is the truest thing i've heard all day . so many thanks and infinite appreciation to aquarian and so much love to every other seriously amazing person who has helped me and given me ... thank you for your reply elleinsane , i know what you mean , and i fear this is actually the case to an extent , but it more so feels like she doesn't know me in a way that she could be interested . if ... you are a sorceress , if ever i saw one . = o ! everything you wrote just made so much sense for me , what is this black magic you can read me like a book i swear . if you aren't already a counsellor or ... oldmanrivers aquarian yurii hahah i did survive ... just it was a pretty rough few days at work though that's for certain . > _ < sorry guys , i know i said i'd respond but i haven't been ... oh my sweet hedes , why did no one warn me 3 = ! ! hahah , i have work today , just woke up , and feel like a decrepit decaying corpse , in a mass grave ... to put it simply . will respond tonightt . i agree , terrible choice of words on my part , and not what i meant at all . apologies everyone . i would never want to involve manipulation because it straight up renders it a false reality and voids ... that definitely makes a lot of sense . so regardless of the fact we haven't really hung out much properly ( if at all really ) you think i should just be upfront and clear with her , even though she ... yes , very much so . if you hurt or damaged one of his core values , it can most definitely be enough for an infp to have doubts about someone and how well they really understand . for me if left ... that is what i was fearing , i thought maybe i screwed it up , especially considering majority of the connection we have , has been through writing . well i mean we are friends before anything else , ... this might be very hard to hear and completely wrong for your situation , i don't know .. but i thought it might offer you some insight . sometimes i find myself going to obscenely drastic lengths ... mostdef . i find myself with this problem far too often , and it drives me insane 0_0 . i just hate that feeling like i'm missing everything , but i swear as soon as i say to myself alright i'll just ... i thought i'd just comment cause the only photo i really have is my avatar photo .. : 3 although i don't really have all the facial hair no morez . yeah that's understandable , it kind of dragged on longer than i thought . nope , not yet , think i need to build a little more foundation , as aquarian said , before i lay my cards on the table . i can totally understand that . i like the metaphor as well . i feel like i can relate to it also , as an infp . it's like you said , i think maybe i am more inclined / ready to let her in , than she is ... thank you for your advice mademoiselle wonderland . whether it's hard to hear or not , i needed to hear it , and i'm very thankful . but i can't say i'm going to give it up that easily ! ! i will keep ... wow that actually puts a lot in perspective for me , simply and elegantly put . i thank you greatly good sir . yeah this is what i was fearing , but i mean i don't think she's really being an ice queen per say , she responds happily and we get along really well and such i just don't know how to go about ... i listen as much as i can , but i struggle not talking to her , it's like she kind of does know my intention but not fully clear , and if i don't reinforce it and keep talking to her , she will just ... it truly is a lonely and confusing world for us isn't it .. i really appreciate your high hopes for my situation though soulfully . thank you =] thanks ficsci i honestly appreciate your input , it definitely helps put a few things in perspective for me , especially coming from an inf girl . yeah i know exactly what you mean in the being pushy ... totally curious as to what happened with your situation colysan , as my situation has come back from the grave to gouge my eyes out whilst i slumber .. 0_0 . if yours was successful or perhaps ... okay so guys i desperately need some of your help ! i need some advice on how to win the heart of the most amazing girl ( infj ) . everytime we talk we have this ethereal type intuitive connection . it's ... okay so guys i desperately need some of your help ! i need some advice on how to win the heart of the most amazing girl ( infj ) . everytime we talk we have this ethereal type intuitive connection . it's ... i want to thank this 9000 times over . i despise people trying to manipulate me , it can make me completely change my mind about a friend , their morals and their intentions altogether . i mean i like to ... this resonates with me far too much , however i find it rare someone genuinely likes me for those traits , i think it is the company i keep though . i also have a hard time trying to bring those ... so true , it's rather melancholic . that's interesting you say that because my old psychologist was the one who got me onto mbti , she actually recommended i did the test , changed my life and perception drastically . she also straight up ... i would love to be able to tell everyone who i really am , instead of wearing what feels like a heinous mask all the time . i mean i don't change who i am in these cases necessarily ; it's more like i ... well hell if i should decide to give it more a little effort well hell if i'm tempted again one little fight replace by lust for you i can relate to this too much right now , i moved in with a bunch of extroverts that i'm almost certain aren't nf's or even close to , about a year ago and i've felt alright with it for the most part , ... just finished season one of game of thrones , utterly fken amazing , just unexplainable . may not be everyones thing but i love this type fantasy series . if you liked spartacus , ( s1 : blood & sand that ... bump this thread . californication , lie to me , death note , scrubs , didn't mind being erica either , breaking bad , weeds , soul eater , bleach , trigun , fma , i could go on but yeah , as for movies , donnie darko , shrink , ... i've thought about it and am still considering changing my course at uni to game design , nothing more i enjoy than ending noobs . although i fear if i went down that road by the time i finished the ... '