hello and welcome ! hope you enjoy your time here , it really is an intesresting and fun place to be :D nice ! personality types really are interesting - i've been into the enneagram for something like over a year i think and only really got into mbti after i found perc earlier this year . the thing that ... hello loyalknight and welcome to perc ! :D for how long have you been interested in personality types ? hello and welcome ! hope you'll enjoy your time in here :D hello and welcome mouse ! :D hi and welcome ! hope you enjoy you're time here :D hello and welcome ! nice to see another fellow dane in here :D i'm an infp too - or an infj , still trying to find out which one as the difference between them isn't that big .. sounds wonderful ... hey there and welcome :) hello and welcome ! :D hello fellow dane and welcome ! hellooo and welcome back :D hellooo and welcome :D yeah , i understand you . but sure it's nice that they have the chance to get away , that surely helps them feel more comfortable . and yeah , i know what you mean with ' cat door ' . don't know what it's ... hello and welcome ! :D i didn't really teach them , they kinda figured it out by themselves . we lived in a really big house before , so mostly our dog was in one part of the house and the cats in the other part . now we have ... welcome ! hello and welcome fellow scandinavian :D hello and welcome :D hello and welcome ! hope you're gonna have a great time in here :D hello and welcome ! :D nope , it's completely free and works really well . but sadly they don't have japanese , just cheeked . they have a lot of other languages though yeah , i see . have you tried duolingo ? i'm using it to learn german , kinda keeps my motivation up must be the longest thread in here wanting to get things done , but instead sitting in here .. oops . hahaha , my dog have gotten the chance of greeting the rats , but only when i hold them . otherwise i think it would end pretty bad . cats don't get to see them - they already have been catching rats ... hahaha ! time is really wierd .. keeps going i understand you , rats are awesome ( and just in case you get the chance of getting some one day , remember that they are very social and should be at ... hello and welcome ! hope you're gonna have a great time in here :D why does it have to be so hard being around others ? various seeds and grains with nuts and dates , doused with some smoothie : tongue : hellooo thought it could be fun to hear a little more about you guys in here , and know where you are from ? i'm born and living in denmark , but i have both danish , german , russian and ukrainian ... you're welcome :D haha oh yeah , i know that fear too ! i'm 18 now and i don't really want to get any older , i still just feel like a little girl haha . yeah rats are awesome pets ! :D so sad so many people find them ... me neither haha ! i got pretty surprised , you're the first dane i've seen in here :D oh hello and welcome fellow dane :D hahaha well that's a start : laughing : hahaha oh god , japanese ! that doesn't sound easy at all : laughing : german is pretty close to both danish and english , so i've got an advantage there : tongue : but how much japanese have you learned ... ohh thank you for your lovely reply ! that was so nice to read . all the best right back to you oh that's just more than okay ! thank you ! i hope you'll find the courage within yourself to explore your full potential . i myself feel like i don't have any way back , now that i've started . and i ... i haven't really thought that much about it , taking it much as it comes ! i've been really lucky with my parent , who have been of great support and making me believe , that if i just do what i love , ... welcome ! ohh nice ! i'm not really trilingual , danish is my first language , but my english and russian is okay . i've been studying french too , but have forgotten most of it . i'm trying to learn german rn thank you and thank you for your kind words ! it really means a lot to me to hear that . i don't consider myself as anything special , but if i can inspire just a little , i am more than happy :) hello world i kinda got curious and signed up in here , after stumbling over the site quite a lot of times : kitteh : just to tell a little about myself , i'm an 18 year old girl from denmark . in ... welcome ! nice you speak russian haha - i do too ( because my mother is russian ) , but danish is my first language . yes we are hahaha . i've been to germany once too actually . just a one day trip to lübeck :D hahaha and thanks ! helloo ! i'm new in here too . pretty much in the same way as you i guess , found this place and thought it seemed to be pretty awesome . i guess i'm an infp too . maybe infj but i'm not quite sure . ... hello out there ! i've been searching a lot about the enneagram and this place kept coming up on google . this seems to be such a cool place , so i decided why not try to join . english isn't my ... personal ~ * name - anastasia . friends call me stasi * female location - denmark . my father is danish and mother is from russia , so i speak russian too , and have some family over there . ...