why haven't you done it yet ? never really been compared to him ... thanks , i guess . : happy : also , that's not my table ... bed ... room ... place . draw me like one of your french girls . i apologize for the attention-whoring . defying the laws of physics and space-time .  every . single . time . so ... what's the feeling walking around with 200 square pixels for a face ? one of the richest and most complex languages on earth . i'm speaking about bulgaria , of course - the country that brought cyrilic to the world . anyways , what should i do , pm tzara with a sample ... is it too late to be a judge ? :( geometry is kinda cool tho .  i'm too dank for this thread . oooh , neat . but i'd probably want to participate too . i have no idea what i should be judging tho . hey guys , what's going on in this thread ? what is love ? love is letting her think she's right :) bullshit . love is waking her the fuck up to share the blankets . and her being okay with it time to see who is the biggest stalker , , , , , , , , : crying : i have , of course . as far as my understanding goes - se is experiencing the outside world with all of your senses . being immersed in the moment and enjoying it to the fullest . constantly aware of ... i think my se is severely underdeveloped . the last time i did the cognitive functions test it came out with ne and ni being kinda close but si trumped se . thought i'd share the video here as well , since the forum is specifically for typing . ... guess i'm only 75 % entp :/ actually i'm nowhere near that . intp and intj functions are entirely different , almost opposite in fact . i've only come off as an intj once - and that was on socionics . i'm not an intj tho . wow . you guys have separate gender threads . that's ... actually not a bad idea . this is not the selfies thread , bro . nowadays i'm always around people so it's hard for me to get isolated . at times it gets exhausting but i manage , my fe needs the exercise . usually i can go a week without any social contact ( that ... this is the biggest one . good : extremely intelligent , funny and good looking bad : extremely lazy , undecisive and distant ugly : i like the smell of my farts your personality your result : analytic let's do it the easy way . desire to have no conflict , keep the peace . needs sense of respect , feeling of worth and understanding . key strengths are ... whatever happened to ? her latest post is cat related ... unsurprisingly . thanks god it's on a saturday . i can celebrate it with some hearthstone games on my computer without going outside . fawlty towers is a classic . i know it contains a lot of slapstick so i don't find the humour particulary intp ( everyone can enjoy it ) but the british ... bmi : 20.8 gender : male weight : ~ 60 kg height : 170 cm is your weight currently steady or undergoing changes ? i've lost some weight during the past month because i started exercising regulary ... i use this technique as well . works like a charm . also , taking pics in the dark is not a bad option . 271066 geometry for sure . i consider myself a visual thinker and algebra is too tedious / boring to me . i know there are threads on this already but didn't feel like necroing . here are my expert guesses . roger federer : infj rafael nadal : esfj novak djokovic : esfp andy murray : istp tomas berdych : ... ... better than most you have to listen to irl . i'd say science has barely scratched the surface . alright , i'm calling troll on this one . this is the single , most idiotic thing i've ... their mind is sexy . you look badass . i'd be afraid to talk to you . it probably has more to do with your voice than anything else . sports as in physical activities which require a certain ammount of effort - i'd go with the ones that i enjoy most . running / sprinting / jogging cycling table tennis pool is cool too but it's ... procrastrination and overthinking . you could say both are intertwined . vocaroo | voice message meh . that sounded extremely sexual for some reason . especially the ending .