' if there's one thing i like , it's a list of questions . 1 ) do you like tea ? yes , although i would take a glass of southern sweet tea over hot tea , just my childhood . 2 ) do you often think about ... i'd like to know how you handled the social aspect . she is pretty standoffish until she gets to know the person . i didn't really handle anything . for the most part , i did what i wanted and ... sure :D never pass up the opportunity for a good book . what was that thing you said earlier ? - they were listening to what i said , and it took up space in their thoughts enough to come back and discuss it with me hours / days later . :D atlas of true names once the names have been taken back to their roots and translated into english , it is immediately apparent that our world has an extraordinary affinity with middle-earth , the ... i had a dream that i told everyone about daleks and time lords . i say everyone because i remember thinking it in my dream . everyone is actually just a group of 20 people i kind of know from my ... wow . i think this thread has really opened up my eyes to a better life . i think i had heard of jellybaga before , but i never was truly aware . now i will listen to the good teachings of jellybaga . repo men . i thought it was good but a tiny bit predictable - until the end , that is . then : 39763 that's all i'll say for fear of spoiling it for others . your situation sounds almost exactly like mine - maybe i should be self-employed :D hmm ... i would say i have it but i don't know that i'm quite old enough to tell . with public school and a traditional sleep / active schedule enforced for my life up to this point , it's unclear . i've always ... 1 ) have you ever been to prom ? if so , how was the experience like in your opinion ? yes , i have been to prom . my senior prom . it was a waste of time . reasons : - i went with people that were my ... there's a meme going around tumblr ( other places too , probably ) like this : x : hey i just met you x : and this is crazy x : but and here's my number x : so call my maybe and i was trying on ... er ... really ? oh , what the hell . here's mine . it is what it is . fjordfish.tumblr.com i hate dancing as a social going out dancing kind of thing . i don't like it , and to be honest i often don't like the popular music - and when i do i'd rather just wiggle my shoulders or feet a bit ... i would say really close to cuddle bunny , provided i'm not herded into a corner and forced to cuddle . force cuddle / hug / etc = full scale porcupine . eta - thought i put quote in . i talk to myself aka think out loud much more than i realize . i noticed this the other day while trying to fix a problem with the wifi at my dad's house . i got up from where i was sitting and began ... i talk to myself a lot . but , i do it mostly when i'm day-dreaming or thinking about artsy things ( like when i'm in the middle of a sewing project ) . when i'm thinking something in a problem solving ... if you're the token special friend - then whatever . i mean , that horrible show on nickelodeon called big time rush has a character that wears a helmet and is the special one of the show . now , ... i originally read that as libertarian and vegetarian . so many questions swirled in my mind ! but anyway - i just applied for a summer position at my local public library :D oh , well now i'm going to be a different sort of artist - an actor ! wheee ! haha , thanks ! i actually do still paint and such as a hobby , still . the irony is that i often get people saying things like oh wow you're really good , are you an artist ? you should sell this ... i wanted to be an artist - a proper one , like monet or someone . i never met an adult that encouraged me . my teachers met with my parents to try to deal with my doodling problem . high five , american ... i noticed today while with a large group of acquaintances that i tend to shy away from hugs more when others point it out . there are a couple people that sympathize with my annoyance when i'm ... there is a superstition that whistling in a theatre is bad luck . i heard a backstory to this today : in the past , sailors were hired to work the fly system ( the ropes and weights that take ... i love to bake , so for the last couple birthdays i've made my own cake . this year i made boston creme pie cupcakes , and before that i made layered rainbow cakes . i like to watch a television show or ... intj actor here , and while i agree that tv and the like are really fake , actors are using their own experiences and observations of the real world to portray characters , given that it's a serious ... i don't hate showing all emotions . i don't think we do , either . it's usually the weakness that comes along with the scarier , more intense emotions that i don't like to show . it's also very ... i don't think i would be diagnosed officially but i know i have strong tendencies . i never have any kind of intrusive thoughts but i often have impulses . when i get into a cleaning and organizing ... i try to create a sort of white noise ( if it isn't raining or the a / c isn't making a loud enough hum ) effect by putting myself in a semi-quiet place like coffee shops or park / sitting areas . i put in ... sometimes it takes me a few days or more to sort out how i felt about a particular event or situation . i might even think i reacted and felt a certain way , but then later realize that i didn't ... i almost skipped mine ! i was only persuaded by a few good friends that i wanted to cheer for during the ceremony . and my principal was awesome , so i got lucky there . similarly , but in a variety of ... you need to slow your thoughts down . occasionally i do need to slow down - but only because my thoughts are running so fast they are tripping over each other . i can get hectic in my head a lot ... my hobbies include adding things to the list of hobbies i would like to learn ( pick up , know about , etc ) in the future it's a long list . well , shit . if i've already traveled ... i think i would probably start taking a lot of classes in things that i never knew how to do . like architecture courses , mathematics , business . then i ... i would always text or email or write a letter over talking on the phone or using some kind of video chat . of course , face to face is nearly always the best way of communication . but if that's ... dunno about intjs but i have a handful of people who i will always protect ( how far i will go has yet to be tested , thankfully ) . to be perfectly clear , i have lost two of them . i protect the ones i ... constantly . not just at night . every time there isn't something external to occupy my thoughts . i have found that forcing myself to concentrate on breathing helps . it sounds a bit weird but here ... i think the problem with schools is that the system is built to fit everyone - which means that it inevitably will fit no one . in a perfect world , people would somehow be separated into schools ... i actually don't have much of an opinion ( other than vague disinterest ) about it . it might be because i haven't actually had sex yet , but i have kissed etc quite a bit . it gets boring really quickly ... this . my sisters and mothers all say oh , well you'll grow out of that - but just like you i've had the feeling of not wanting children since my elementary school years . i do like picking out names ... yes . i love building things , and in childhood that's not a very girly thing . i found an old erector set once ; i wish i still had it . there were no instructions , no wires , few pieces were left and ... first thought : i don't know that i am intelligent . i think there are some really important things to think about , and to wake up to ; however , this is subjective and people who i consider stupid ... i'm so used to being around people who are below my level that it's pretty intimidating / thrilling when i find someone who is above my level and will talk to me without having that teaching moment ... yep . i am a girl , so it was verbal mostly - a lot of under the breath comments , pointing and laughing , shared looks , etc . i heard / saw boys getting into fights once in a while . i have a hot temper , ... i've got a tumblr . i've had it for a pretty long time now , nearly two years , and i had a different account for about three years before that . i'm constantly cultivating the list of people i follow , ... i would say that details are usually unimportant for me . they're details because they're unimportant unless you've got to have a very specific outcome of your plan or project . it's hard for me to ... i am not interested in the movement actions of chickens . i have more important things to consider . ^ ^ this has been my answer since childhood . oh , too true . i thought i had changed my post to include that instance , buuut obviously not ! holidays , meeting / trying to remember new family after sibling got married a couple years ago . i was explaining something , though i can't remember what . i had just been bending over my sewing ... no pda . holding hands , hugs or kisses are acceptable . eating someone's face is not . education is well rounded in youth . a faster pace , too , because kids don't get enough credit . education carries ... '