' what happened to our avatars tho now i am not the only one ? just a funny comment from my side . a bit serious maybe . if you don't care about the functions , then you simply can't be good at typing . ;) pm it , i will watch it when i can . i think what you are missing is an attempt to focus on the top 2 functions only . life gets easier . emotionally expressive whenever you are not thinking that hard . the thing is that pretty much any argument that can be made based on a video is pretty much a stereotype . some are not so much , ... bullshit comparison . that's intuition in general ne change the point , and change the topics . ni takes one singular idea and seemingly tell you related or not really related stuff to explain that point . hi oiseaudrole leading ni . coming up with the point and just dancing around it , trying to explain it . repeating yourself , but you don't change your point . infj fyi just kidding about istj it does . only very few videos though . i hate when they talk btw . that guy is the best at this i think . also , mickelousproductions is not bad . ... so you're an immature one , cuz you know everything yourself ? ;p why don't you text most guys first ? anyway , the beginning usually establishes who's usually first . it lasts . maybe he was busy at first , and now you're both used to you messaging first . real ... they just seem rather lazy to me idk could be pretty much . that's why one of the most popular comparisons between them is control freak ( estj ) versus effectiveness freak ( entj ) . which one sounds more appealing to you ? it's always ... krienkar perhaps we could try something unusual . read about isfps and infps and tell us what you think about them , why would you like to have them around and why not . fi dom ? rly ? xd either estj or enfp i think . i think it's not that you don't seem like fi dom , but that you seem like intuitive dominant . the writer is isfp i just listened to this song . gold . i don't know if it's from that movie lol te tend to think dynamically . logical statement after another . sequence . ti tend to think backwards . they make a claim , then analyze where it's coming from , kind of . ti dom ... i think you are xxx try filling in a questionnaire . just keep analyzing . no , all tests are . i do relate to it . i used to be typed as ntj for a long time . i think i have tried socionics questionnaire once . i spammed te column , ti was empty . lol what do you think about those 2 types ? which type would you prefer to have around and why ? so just don't , no need to say these things ;p because i don't see much introverted perceiving . this guy is just going full logic . there were few little hints of ni , but i consider them to be too ... not criticizing , just thinking out loud . i can debate about it , i can forget about it , doesn't matter to me . komodo never forget where you died : ) i remember thinking like you . reading so much about inferior functions , being excited how i relate to one or another inferior function . how se inferior makes so much sense . ultimately , it gets to the ... confidence is attractive , not their things . jk try this one ;) i never recommend this one , but i think you might enjoy this one ;p still thinking either estj or entj . hard to tell which one . tertiary should not be a concern when typing , unless it's ti / te . inferior even more so . yh i know so many believe in this ... yeah , screw those stereotypes . try to find some threads which are functions based , such as te-si or te-ni . also , i definitely don't think you are a feeler , i just wonder how you feel about ... there is always a problem with people that might be si . there is no good info on how high si operate . i don't remember the best si threads anymore . it's been a while . anyway , i am thinking you ... fight club inception / wolf of wall street and anything that sucks numinosity istp lol and pls i am trying not to see any frame of that scene ;p lord of tinkering i doubt he's ni dom . estj probs :p but actually i don't think there is enough ni / si evidence here yet . could be intj , could be . fi doms tend to seem logical . i am quite sure it's fi lead . it doesn't change anything . anyway , perhaps you could fill in another questionnaire : ... i am simple man . i see runescape , my heart wants to help . that game is a legend . cows , goblins , cowhides , green dragons : x unfortunately , i am actually unsure about this one . i don't think ... oh , so there actually is a debate on infj vs intp . and socionics is included ! what a surprise ! it is possible and happens more often than you might think . in tests , te almost always turns ... the one with scenarios maybe . lampyridae what do you think about enfp ? apparently leading with intuition , followed by feeling function . choose another questionnaire and fill it in . se dom silwin when you read se description for example , it's basically what that function is like - how it manifests in someone with that function as their dominant . you relate it quite a bit , so it ... not enough info . likely te dom . either estj or entj . definitely nothing from this questionnaire except that maybe 8 , which is a wild guess more questionnaires needed , it's all guessing rn bulletproof_napoleon quite clearly te dom - extj . very to the point answers which seem to flow dynamically ; you seem to be firm and prefer looking for solutions outside of you , such as in the ... do you know anything on cognitive functions ? i saw 2 hints of introverted sensing . but most importantly you definitely seem like a feeling dominant . whatever you try to analyze or think of , there ... '