' i used to be an organist ; bach is probably my # 1 favorite composer , followed by mendelssohn . playing music like this sets your hair on fire : i was utterly gobsmacked to discover that this woman i'm attracted to is isfj ... she's a sci-fi / fantasy geek and grammar nazi , and i totally didn't associate those things with that type . it's really ... borrowing / lending books with a book buddy when you're intp is like sex , only hotter interrupt wut meeting another intp meeting someone you thought was an intp , and then realize is an istp ... throwback pre-thursday ... me in college , 1999  through the ages  ... generally no , except for elegance . i don't like nail paint , period . jewelry and makeup , tastefully for special occasions . a small amount can go a long way . lol , hey baby , u wanna be a pawn in my game ? removing duplicate post youthful intp : ages ~ 11 and 18 7789977900 77901 no prob , we'll stop now . he's either hiding , or very , very small . while shampooing your hair , you routinely wonder if you're going to be standing naked in another dimension when you open your eyes . if yer tryin to anonymize that , you may want to get rid of the evp's name 8 ^ ! so much for novelty ; from google : / v / - video games desuchan.net/v/res/2442.htmlshare gfg / jzikrk 09/08 / 06 ( thu ) 05:01 no . 2444 [ delete ] [ edit ] . i tried this one a few months ago . got past the first ... very true . i've been away . when did they eliminate view count from the forum topic list ? ! jerks . i totally did this with french back in high school . translated half of the hobbit , and pwned the school in french knowledge by the time i was satisfied and gave up . in contrast to ragequit , this sounds like mehquit any coders here ? i'm a web developer . considering joining a pair shop . pair programming is basically what it sounds like : a set of two developers working together in realtime to ... well , program ... faith the trust that when you hurl yourself from habit's precipice the shattered bits , reconstituted will form a better semblance of you than what you are today faith the trust that when you hurl yourself from habit's precipice the shattered bits , reconstituted will form a better semblance of you than what you are today dis is my mug 58305 caffeine fr ... whhuuuttt ? ? ? : shocked : i never justified the rage , just sayin ' what happened . and the milk truck wasn't the trigger , it was the principal's cavalier attitude to the fact that he was blocking the street . he looked like he ... * 95 % of multi-post threads here are about relationships * relationships are about chemistry * qed so , somebody finally did it : pushed my fe rage buttons . i live on the same block as the private school i send my kids to . i know to avoid carpool time coming up the street on that side , so i was ... welcome aboard ! the current thirsty thursday social hour at work confirms what is already known : there are few things i despise as much as parties . get a drink , eat a tomato , walk back and forth amongst the ... bazoonga . comic sans , nooo i had an intp i was chasing when we were 18 and 19 ; that was the first time i was really in this situation . i had a very hard time reading my intp's signals . the whole thing went up in a colossal ... belle ( beauty and the beast ) poor unfortunate souls ( little mermaid ) once upon a dream ( sleeping beauty ) brazzle dazzle day ( pete's dragon ) every little piece ( pete's dragon ) bill of sale ... heh , ntps is bustin . intps are just as blunt , except more often it remains in our heads , unless we're riled up . oh , speaking of blunt ntps “ your criticisms are completely wrong ” : ... heh , harry potter meets got / offtopic how would you pictorialize your ideal relationship ? i started this over in intp , but i think relationships are where my fi gets its groove on , so i decided to start a parallel thread here . ... how would you visualize your ideal pair bond ? i'll start . 52702 no , i mean in the instances where i would pursue a girlfriend ( ick ) relationship , it's driven by the souly reasons . i have friendly friendships with women where there are no soulmate implications . i'm going to use the above post as a jumping-in point , though what i'm going to say doesn't necessarily relate directly / only to the above . when i've pursued women in an at all serious way , the ... lol , intps heh , my next-door neighbor growing up was a nurse who smoked . she died of lung cancer . the neighborhood stray cat got run over today . s / he was aloof and kind of annoying , but i'm still sad . i love cats . couldn't resist ... 1997 : notice that acquaintence's 12 - year-old sister is quiet but cute 2012 : she looks exactly like my mom thanks , facebook . '