' i cannot even begin to describe how screwed up everything in my life seems to be . it would seem unseemly ( lol ) when on the outside , my life seems to be back on track after a rocky road to nowhere ... hey guys i guess the last confessional thread was lost in the switch to this terrible stupid ugly ass layout ? oh well the moderators never did know how to make a website look you know , normal or ... i got j on the last test i took , and i'm infp . … weird that show on mtv before 1g5g … it's like a redneck attempt at america's funniest home videos , and just like that show , sucks ass . that new one with zooey deschannel in it … what's it called ? ... hufflepuff . omg . i can't believe i was on the internet for 3 hours ... without music . what a scary picture in my mind . . _ . no , i mean its dysfunctional :P sometimes , my life feels like it resembles this video . scott is a 2 i think , enneagram . yay ! this isn't nearly as good as the fly scene , but it'll have to do . i <3 breaking bad . i enjoy watching sad movies and reading sad books , and hearing life stories , good or sad or bad or whatever . i don't think this constitutes enjoying pain , i just like to indulge my emotions . to ... and it's hard not to let your ego come over you , your defenses build inpenetrable walls surrounding you . its understanding where another comes from that you feel free letting go . i love feeling ... in the past few weeks , i've had really bad headaches , and i fucking hate it . because the only thing that helps me is talking to others about it , but i can't . i want to talk to my mother , but she's ... sooo i'm going to go into uncharted territory and type the characters based on enneagram theory : jesse - 7 w / balanced wings . walt - 5w6 skyler - 9w1 hank - 9w8 gus - 3w4 marie - 1w2 gale - ... its a potential disaster . the aquarian personality can be chaotic and unpredictable , stubborn and rebellious , cranky and perverse . it is a sign which can be totally dedicated to being unconventional , whilst remaining stuck in ... it was after school , hiding behind the neighbours tree while our other two friends waited . i was 8 . it wasn't slobbery or gross , like the guy i kissed in 15 , so in that respect it was way way ... i am a prolific reader . i luuuv it . i'd rather paint than write . i express myself better through art medium than words . i'm going to write a book at one point . it seems like a ... thepgo glad i could help . dear infj even though you don't act like an infj , you rarely tell your feelings ( although the functions all work accordingly ) . i know this family doesn't tell eachother much . i know i blamed you ... well , i know exactly what you mean - it can get so bad i can't talk on forums without over-analyzing the placement and intention of every word . maybe if you are with your gf more you'll feel more ... congratz ! ! i love reading your posts , they're always silly but insightful ^ ^ hi it looks a lot bigger than it is , by the way . most of it is just delete a word questions , there's barely any writing . have fun ! i plan on it . 1 ) describe your parents in one word each ... from calvin and hobbes calvin - infp e5w4 and if anyone's interest holds : hobbes - istp e ( ? ) mom - isfj e9w1 dad - intp e6w5 congratz ! i swear you were boasting about being at 1000 last time i checked , or maybe not . either way . ^ ^ i love my job ! ! ! the people are nice , hopefully it continues on the next time it's my shift , the person who taught me is super nice and gay ( i think ) and swears a lot and has a good sense of humor , ... i dunt wanna go to work . even if it is a new job , i wanted to be a server and not a busser . fuck bussers , they get no tips . but i called perkins and the ass doesn't want me * tear * and i have no ... yehh . the dramatics in my presentation exquisite . i was loud , obnoxious , and completely off the wall insane . & i was humorous until it hurt your sides . you either hated me or loved me . but i ... this thread is da bomb ^ snail , your recipes are unique and amazing ! ! i can't wait to try out the basil one . mimisea i hate making pie but looking at your pictures made me love it ! thankyou ... yes , yes , rather convincing in it's appeal to the senses . lol . rejectedreality he is a 4w5 and i posted that so long ago , it's not relevant . dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb . bud dub dub dub step . it means your a really friendly and helpful intp , yet well read and disciplined . there you go . i only read the first page but i would change a guess as 7 for her e-type . i think you're overthinking things . it's not related to mbti or enneagram . its being human . love . i used to believe that if i wasn't experienced , i was boring . so i did lots of things i regret , so that's one . now i guess it could be that i'm stupid . i was dating this guy ( though i never wanted to be ) and today , i needed to tell him in order to live with myself and order to improve myself and not to lead him on and leave him with an ... i've noticed this . you base all your resources on what this person's mbti is , and apply it to their personality in a paste . and it obscures what's really there , because through it all you can't see ... welcome to the forum and good day to you ^ ^ you are quiet . you're weird . you're wierd . and i will offer a thought , which ive heard echping out of the shallow chasms of mens heads everywhere : can i get in her pants ? and more ... everything is terrible . i was taking a picture , crouched down on the bank , when i feel my phone shift in my pocket . i turn , and i see my phone plop into the lake with a little plip . goddamn ... i should stop wasting my friggin life . myself - infp mother - infj father - estp brother - intp / istp combo brother : 6w7 - 9w8 - ? my dear brother who calls me up at 3am to walk over to his house and kill the spider on his wall . - . - the 13thguest lol . my mom - 6w5 9w1 . ( may be 1w9 ) 3w2 - she is incredibly doubtful but very helpful to her family without asking anything in return . my dad - 9w8 6w5 3w2 - he is stubborn . very high morals of what ... well , i just saw thor this weekend , so here are my thoughts hopefully you'll excuse the fact that i've never read the actual comic . ;D thor : estp 8w7 ( sw9w8 ) - selfishly focused on attaining ... yes . i do what you do , u do what u do , we all win . how can one expect to get through life as an infp inevitably would , like turtles . movies . a lot , but - my girl . cead mile failte ! one hundred thousand welcomes . to . you ! right now , in saskatchewan canada it is dreary . the skies are clouded over and this morning it snowed , for five minutes , imagine that ! its the karma mother , i say . '