' i think it's a rice krispy treat ? ( uh , rice and black bean soft tacos . ) not sure where you're going with this . are you saying you think that you're not infj enough ? it sounds like the inconsistencies that you're pointing out are minor details used in stereotyped ... fe can concern itself with identity and authenticity as much as fi can , so that on its own doesn't say much about feeling functions . also , my feelings are strong and they're annoying and i can't ... to me , you sound like a ji-dom at the very least . but i don't see much pe , which makes me think you might be a looping ixxp type ( ? ) . are there any descriptions of loops that you relate to ? oh , yes , the person i was talking about is using those , too . also hogwarts . you strike me as enfp for a number of reasons . enneagram is 6w7 maybe ? you're focused on your own ability but with regards to others , and you describe yourself in a sort of contradictory way while ... not me , but i have an entj friend who's into typology and is working on something , and she sent me her character outlines . contents include : istp , enfp , istj , intp , estp , intj , enfj , isfp , entp , some ... i personally wouldn't give someone a gift just for the sake of gifting ( xsfjs seem to treat it like it's a requirement which confuses me but that's beside the point ) . and it wouldn't even cross my ... this happened to me as well when i signed up , and a week or two after i re-registered , my posts on the deleted account were then merged with this one . this seems to have caused my account to not be ... i'm in my early twenties and i haven't been in a relationship ( virtually everything about me is a recipe for few opportunities ) , so many grains of salt . but above all else , a partner has to have ... these are signs of a potential abuser . personality type irrelevant . from what you've written , it sounds like a relationship you need to get out of before it gets bad . doing nice favors does not ... i'm going to answer for myself because this gets pretty complicated when you take into consideration all the introverted types , because they'll respond well to different things . so if you can , try to ... i think i have an issue with my notifications . i never get notified on-site when someone quotes me , and as far as i can tell , the it hasn't been disabled in settings . i receive notifications for ... hmm . well , i'm not sure about your theory , but i can tell someone is in the image triad when they go through the trouble of uploading a bunch of pictures of their custom gaming rig on an unrelated ... ignoring piracy and free ad-funded music distribution , i think that no , it's not typical to buy music to own it anymore . it seems that people are purchasing album downloads , cds , and vinyl records ... oh , i certainly agree it would be weird if the pictures were romantic in nature . i was thinking of more casual photos , though . you and your ex doing a fun conceivably playonic activity together , or a ... hmm . your answers are contained in a fashion that i associate with ni-doms . however , this in particular is kind of unusual with ni - - but if you're thinking of sensory experiences here , say , ... welcome ! you should try filling out one of the stickied questionnaires in the what's my personality type ? forum so we can help you narrow down your type . if you haven't already , you should also try ... lifelong dysthmia has finally started to lift , but past me has given a dull life to current me , like someone who didn't fix up their workstation for the next person to use . so current me has to do ... it doesn't break the rules of grammar , but yeah , it is stylistically inconsistent . ... yes . i was under the impression that it was meant to be in the present tense . when two people thank a post , it says , x and y like this post . your first paragraph is applicable to all the introverted types , so there isn't much to draw from there . the rest of the information you gave isn't much to go off of , but the way you wrote it feels a ... i'm taking a shot in the dark here but i'm guessing that they sleep and eat sometimes . a few good ones : i'm an estp . no . * jumping jacks * sure . it's not in a hierarchical order , even though it looks like it . each number is used in a relative sense to the other types , but it circles back from 9 -> 1 and doesn't actually start anywhere . the enneagram as a figure of geometry has been used in spiritual contexts ( that i don't know the details of ) in which each point is unique and symbolizes ... eh , something . the circle , triangle , and ... guys our children are the future we need to tackle the immediate problems here i'm feeling isfj , personally . i got aux-fe vibes early on in the post , and i don't see any ni . with regards to the clashing values question , internally , fi-doms tend to immediately reject things they ... briggs and myers created the type indicator with the intention of helping women who were completely new to the workforce in wwii to choose the jobs they might like best . for that reason , it would ... i don't see how it would automatically signal clinging to past feelings , mainly because not all romantic relationships end on bad terms . sometimes solid friendships form when people decide they're ... yeah , but specifically only with mental tasks ( which was implied , i guess , but i'll add the clarification ) . i can't produce anything that's at least decent if i'm not working that way . i also have to ... i enjoy fictional typing as well . i use mbti more often for characters than for real people . welcome ! welcome ! i'm new as well . ant-man is a mediocre film . heyyo ! i've been a perc lurker for three or four years and i'm finally joining . i'm yet another intj 5w6 . um ... my favorite fruits are grapefruit , mangoes , and dates . here are my latest ... '