' there's something ironic about istps being in a position of authority or making others respect rules . from sin city i've never been in love , just infatuated sometimes . because videogames and anime are infantile , right ? what's the average age of gamers anyway ? also , if you're expecting an istp to change , you're wasting your time . i'm indifferent to them . can we be friends ? you have nothing to lose . if you don't do it you'll regret it for the rest of your life . if someone i care about asks about my feelings i'd certainly tell the truth . infp girls are sweet . one of them i even had a crush on . i've never worn hoodies with the hoods up . that kind of shit makes you stand out and and i like not being noticed . we don't . that's why we're istps . and if you try to strongly suggest force us to , it will not end well . just as i expected . thanks for the answer ! go straight to the point , don't waste their time . it all boils down to this , really . would two istps make a good couple ? if i were a woman , why would i wear makeup ? what practical goal does it serve ? istps understand people very well and what they understand is that people are idiots . i'm interested in sex but women don't want to have sex with me . i don't know why . i've been called good-looking before so i suppose it's got to do with my personality . i do have emotions on a regular basis ( especially anxiety ) , i just rarely show them . we are not robots . welcome to my life . after i completed high school , i studied economics ( because that's what me and my classmates were more or less expected to do ) for two years at the university . i barely passed ... i've just got an e-mail telling me that i was hired for the job i applied to . since i'm just out from the university it'll be my first real job . christmas has been kind to me this year . holy fuck i've got 82 thanks yet i feel like i've barely done anything in this forum . people don't even notice me enough to ask me that question . xxxjs . i'm the depressed kind of drunk so i get into arguments more easily . i tend to be more verbally provocative / aggressive , trying to get a reaction out of people . i have been ' trashed ' drunk once and ... new year's eve , so i can get drunk with friends i know two infjs . they're nice and intelligent enough but care very little about me so i wouldn't consider them friends . they're like less annoying enfjs . i don't have children but i wonder if there's a common trend among istp parents , either to tell their kids about santa claus / father christmas or not . i think i wouldn't do it because i ... so do i . i'm having emotions right now ( actually , i've always had a lot of them ) and i don't know how to deal with them . it's so weird . one sure thing , though : people around me will never be aware i'm having ... guilty as charged . hell no . lots of metal .  so i ended up asking for : books pickups and other stuff for my electric guitar a ticket for some video game music concert a framed poster a literal death stare i'm following some musician's page on facebook and this status of her sounds istp-ish to me : guilty as charged . my condolences . are you sure they're istps ? i have the same habit of naming certain pictures with many occurrences of the same letter when i save it in a huge folder , so i can find the file quickly , upload it then delete it . your problem is talking with an enfj in the first place . bingo i would be perfectly content with money but my family think it looks stupid next to the christmas tree . surprise gifts have a history of never being satisfying in my family so we always do it ... as usual , my family is harrassing me so i give them a list of things i want for christmas . however , i have simple needs and i don't collect useless stuff ( e . g . fancy clothes , decoration items , etc . ) ... physically , i don't like girls who are super beautiful as much as girls who are beautiful while having some particular feature . you can find ' perfect ' women everywhere in magazines but i'll take a ... i've been visiting celebrititypes a lot so your post intrigues me ( i don't consider myself an expert on mbti ) . could you mention examples of misinformation from that site ? thanks . i don't own guns but a friend of mine brought me to the shooting range recently so i was able to fire some . it was an old dream come true . i'd like to add something about op's first question . i think estps are better diplomats than istps . ball-breaker level 1 = we'll see or whatever ball-breaker level 2 = i'm in a hurry ... i carefully avoid competitive games . find something he's interested in then talk to him about it . yes . i don't actively seek danger . i do love rollercoasters but i wouldn't be a reporter in a war zone or something similar . i like efficiency and dying prematurely is not an efficient way to do ... '