' employers would have trouble digging up dirt on me digitally as well . always give a fresh e-mail address on a resume . and just don't use social networking sites . it's as simple as that . number one should be , you don't lie very well . with a graduate degree in english , shouldn't you be able to teach that subject at many different levels ? my definition of stupidity comes from an intuitive perception of a person's total capacity for learning & knowing . if the person doesn't have much capacity , then i label that person stupid . hence , ... show me something phantasmagoric . you'll be pleased to learn that you match the profile of a : survivor as a survivor , you have a strong focus on getting what you want and getting it quickly . you believe in the survival of the ... hi . what i wrote in my first post to this thread wasn't meant as rhetoric . i figured that according to my past observations into the realm of spirituality , psychology , and the occult , i had ... use infrasonic weaponry . people are fundamentally neutral . the interactions between the mind and the environment are too numerous and complex for people to be labelled fundamentally good or evil . my room . it has a door with a lock , a computer , books , paper , and supplies . i would say , personally , that i think that the enneagram types do exist , and perhaps the wings as well . the instinctual variants are what i note to be present in most people's personalities rather ... it takes a lot for me to feel comfortable with a new pair of shoes . i usually have to spend about two hours in a store trying stuff on to make sure that it fits before i feel safe to buy . i have ... i think estp . one of my favorite fantasy authors is david eddings . he wrote some pretty neat series , with one character whom i found to be extremely memorable , polgara the sorceress ! all of his characters were ... considering that it is indeed possible for people to hack a webcam and stream footage from it at their whim , i have become paranoid about this and i normally tilt my cam away from me when i'm not ... i've already written 666 on the palm of my right hand before . does this count ? 1 . yep . 2 . sometimes . 3 . never . 4 . always . 5 . never . 6 . epitome 7 . without trying 8 . i'm both totally serious and not serious at all simultaneously . so i can't say . 9 . occasionally ... i'm an apatheist . i used to be religious , then decided that it was bullshit . now , just in case i've missed any corners , i don't care whether or not god exists . when most people say this , they aren't asking me to listen to them but to believe what they say . of course i'll listen , but that doesn't mean i'll agree . i'm feeling worn out , listening to animal alpha , exploring a new game , and thinking about reading a book . anything by terry brooks . including the shannara series . he's infj :) . ( nife ) i don't yell very often because i don't find a reason to . there are times when my voice can be loud and times when i vacillate to it seeming suppressed . if i do yell at maximum volume , there is a ... chances are that you're already as intelligent as you want to be . give yourself more credit and don't measure your mind by the standards of others . sun , mercury , venus in gemini . moon in cancer . ascendant in sagittarius . : > ^ no replies or further input ? i think going my own way defines me . and not in a non-conformist conformist way ;) . speak not , whisper not , i know all that ye would tell , but to speak might break the spell which would bend the invincible , the stern of thought ; he yet defies the deepest power of hell . - p ... oooh ! another entp ! hi ! i like reading generally . as well as playing text-based roleplaying games called muds . if i can get myself to doing anything productive , i like programming . sitting ... i'm currently eating an apple . red delicious variety . my most favorite subject in school was either something to do with computers , or chemistry . least favorite would have been geometry . or p . e . i think that if i tried to learn geometry on my own ... i would like to have some snow here . hi :) . my favorite color is either indigo or electric blue . ( i know i'm not intp , but i still wanted to make some comments . the two types are related , no ? ) this is something that i've thought a lot about personally . i know i have a pretty big ego when it ... no , i don't . * sprinkles cinnamon on the cream * * hands a napkin * * hands it to you , with whipped cream dabbed with a hazelnut covered in maple syrup * hi :) . yeah , people aren't monolithic . we all have different building blocks . i'm technically an extrovert but i act like an introvert . i'm quite shy . i'm also a gemini , so one might say that every ... what makes me mad ? when other people tell me what to do , or if i feel as if i'm being controlled . i like to go my own way . anyone that interferes is going to get smacked in some way , shape , or ... same here . an ounce of the stuff will give me the shakes . i stay away from most teas too for that reason . have you ever read the books or seen the movies about the rats of nimh ? they are some of my favorites ! ! ! hehe , i'd say my favorite animal of all would have to be the wolf . secondly , the raven . and lastly , the wise old owl . ... i've thought about possibilities of personality relating to the types of the parents involved . but i don't think it's a simple correlation between introversion and extroversion . there's one guy ... my dad is an istp , and my mom was an infp . i think i got along with my mom better because she was always into crafts and stuff like that . we did activities etc together . my dad has a hard worker ... but not the taste . :) . hey guys . i'm a 20 year old guy living in the usa . what's up ? '