' i can't articulate this problem very well . i was hoping you learners of personality can help me . im an ne / fi type . you know , constant abstract ideas - - to the point that it almost ruins my ... and i disagree , infps are usually thoughtful and interesting , not boring . enfps demand intellectualism . i am bored with an estp , but not because they are stupid but because they ... why enfp forums make me want to slit my wrists ... and then make a potion out of the blood ( because we're apparently made out of magic and dancing and rainbows and randomness and all things babies ... enfp i'm an agnostic / atheist . it time to get here . i was raised in a pretty hardcore mormon home . i love jung quotes so much that i'm practically gay for them . practically . well , inclined . so smart . hiya as word dispenser said , this is more of a behavioral analysis that could fit a lot of types aka any type could be ' lazy ' and maybe something more of the cognitive processes could be more ... i always like it for it's double meaning : 1 . cheerful and full of energy . she sounded ebullient and happy aw did you look up what ebullient meant ? should i be flattered ? brian - intp - and possibly the only n allison - like bender , is pretty messed up . fi is one of her top . isfp most likely . bender - estp . i am not sure how this is even a question . andrew - estj . ... i agree . esfp or isfp . i would say most likely esfp . as a complete aside , his ability to scream makes me swoon . there . i said it . i really agree with this post and the spirit of it monemi , it's all about different strokes . i find that in the end i usually have something i appreciate about everyone . ( not that i'm sitting ... you may want to contextualize yourself before you fly off the handle . don't worry , i've done it a few times in my day . for what it's worth , and it's a very casual opinion so probably not much , in my psychology class a few years back my teacher sort of blasted iq tests . it was one class , in one university , from one ... so , i read the thread . what i'm not getting is the argument with arkigos , monemi , and flights of fancy . i have basically a few problems . you guys can throw out as much crap as you want , bu ... as an np , well enfp ? i mean , as me ... i find it hard to organize my logistical world effectively . my home is in one state of chaos or another . when i leave the house , i go to 6 places to find items ... i like you . so validating . mostly because i am too lazy to go and find what it is you are supposed to read , but humorously i might put in the effort to read it if i wanted to put in the effort to ... sorry for the delay , i am not sure where the thread is now , or even if it's still going . but i hope you have found what you are looking for ! if you are an np at all , you will be socially awkward ... in my opinion , any mental illness , including adhd - - it is a chemical that is misfiring in your brain . mostly they aren't sure how . i am bipolar and was diagnosed with adhd before i got my ... if it is helpful : you will probably often hear that ne doms are introverted extroverts , but for me what that actually translates into irl : i consider myself an extrovert ultimately , but if i took ... well , i guess i'll just jump right in here with my wheelhouse : shakespeare :) . hobo i love what you said about shaky-baby . i think that it may be basically true - he was an entertainer , with ... chilipepper well . i would consider se , actually . se is very similar to ne , except the reality of se is actually even less pointed ... like , ne , is always going somewhere , it all is seemingly random , ... hello :) i mostly respond in pms , but i thought i would come out and post on this a little . it's nice to meet you . this is what drew me to this post . i can empathize . i had , and have had , ... so i had a hilarious thought . i had always perceived chicken little as an si dom . nope , chicken little is me . chicken little is me dropped into my inferior . :P i am really giggling about this ... i read this a few times , opened my mouth , closed it , and opened it again ... only to sigh and scratch my head . this type of ' argument ' is difficult not to get carried away in . it seems so ... bah ! i think you must understand that this is all jolly banter , but there must be a reconsideration of your type ( that of an entp ) , or the entire system , if levine is an entp . this is not a matter ... esfp i haven't read any of the thread , and here ya go : the big blue wet thing . kidding ! ( homage to the muppets ya ? ) the unassuming side of god that is past feeling . there is nothing to appeal , ... bahaha doll i am so stupid . i'm blaming my migraine . i steered you toward enfp instead of infj . ugh . <3 hm , didn't you used to be snow white ? i really think there is something to this . i have collaborated stories and ideas with both an infj and an infp . i will tell you the different approaches and see if it hits home anywhere . i know ... i have always been attracted more to introverted men as a rule . if you are worried about it , find a woman you like and try to talk to her . women respond to genuine interest always . and if they ... hello : i would first like to start by saying what do i know ? that being said , as a strong ne user , the impression i got was not of someone who has strong ne , but rather perhaps ni . my close infp ... haha i was asked by to post here to give an example of an enfp . i am sort of nervous about it as i am not sure if i am necessarily the best option , but here it goes . for my buddy : 0 . is there ... btw bell you always roxors my boxers :) what a nice thing to have such a well thought out , and ever kind comrade . it seems that i don't disagree with you as much as i thought . i agree completely with you in that the way you think is always static . it should be noted though , that any type can subscribe to the ... here is a thread i posted way back when about mistyped enfp's . it is everywhere in terms of thought and punctuation , but i still stand behind it's principles , you would have to have all 6 points met ... intp - mine is tall , hot , and the nice mix i like of very dark hair and pale skin . * shrug some people in life just get it all ... wolfrahm kilgore trout rift revenge i wanted to pop back in and say thank you for your responses . i honestly didn't expect such an overwhelmingly thoughtful , ( well i guess if i expected any ... i wanted to post on this last night , and got caught up wit the les mis thread . i have limited time , and uh wandering thoughts . :) this is the most beautiful thing i have ever read . it ... sweet . it kind of was an epiphany . in the musical i think he holds the banner of the ideal set . i identified with him . i think in the musical , all the characters are a lot more cut and dry and ... thanks arkigos . it is my favorite book of all time by far . it is an absolute masterpiece . and as you seem to believe hugo is an enfp ? as i do , he is a bit of my muse in my writing and soul pursuits ... ugh i have to step away for a few hours . i'll be back . yes . yes , it is very helpful actually . this is most familiar . it sounds precisely like my husband , who is my sort of basis for this . so , fundamentally ( more fundamentally i guess ) understanding ... thank you so much that was very insightful , and very helpful . ' laughter in the face of a wall ' . how beautiful . so , numbness , then try to generate feeling ? you don't have to answer again , haha , ... - what do you mean by pleasurable aspects ? how far do you take your distraction ? is insomnia something you suffer from ? you mentioned that you go numb , and distract and exploded if irritated ... dear lovely intp's : i need your help in both understanding the inner workings of the intp , but almost more in your abilities to root out a sort of system ( ? ) , how there may or may not be a ... so , in essence it was that function ( ne ) that was natural and necessary that had to be had ? i think this makes most sense to me . i have never been of the camp that i use anything else such as ni or ... i love esfj's ! my sis is one , and my husband's sis is one . i think they are the best , even though i don't intuitively get fe . i think before you give up on it , there's a certain ... uh ... i ... i think that this has less to do with actual action . for instance : in psychology , one may have a disorder , but that does not choose what action they do - though it can affect it greatly . i ... '