' maybe the least emotionally stable of all the types in my opinion lol estps are charismatic and fun to be around . but i feel like they are constantly on the go to keep themselves distracted from ... things istps don't find fun ? dumb questions . it is a scientific fact that women speak in a higher pitch to men that they are attracted to . it is because higher voice means more fertile which will appeal to their natural hormones as well . i think they make a lot of typing errors personally . i notice ones that i am like uhm no ! lol lol i like this thank you . :-) lol i'm an esfj does site owning seem like a likely career choice ? no . i don't . i'm feeling like mostly xntjs have this paranoia . which horror movie cliche fits your personality type lol just for fun ! what each personality type is like as an enemy the people in the opening photo ? yeah me too lol aweee tell them that you want a here's why you should date an intj article lol what each personality type is like in bed esfj - the vivacious lover to you sex is only truly good , when you are deeply in love . if you don ’ t truly care for someone , sex can almost feel like a ... here's why you should date an intp explains why some common misconceptions about intps are entirely false . : wink : what each myers briggs ( mbti ) type needs to know why each myers briggs ( mbti ) stereotype is actually false i love this article because i feel like the stereotypes can be truly upsetting and inaccurate . they box people into a narrow minded view , ... personality growth had previously typed him as infp , before he was officially tested . i think they were right because the thing is , he has a persona on stage , but when you see him being himself it is ... it's funny because personality growth had him typed correctly way before he was officially typed . most other sites thought he was entp , or possibly enfp . woo go pgrowth ! lol myers briggs : the late ... myers briggs ( mbti ) super powers tails rocks ;-) myers briggs ( mbti ) marvel superhero character types ( link is good i promise lol ) myers briggs ( mbti ) disney animal types each mbti type if they were different disney animal characters . classic video games characters & myers briggs types lol perfect rationalization . should they change their enfj description to everything you just said ? lol it's fun ! lol i agree . enjoy it for what it is . but there are a lot of disney heroines so it is possible . disney likes to make variations , so that they don't get called out for only having one type ... i disaree with every single on of your typings though lol how even do you come about those ? cinderella is stereotypical isfj . mulan possible infj if she isn't istj . aurora is also perfectly isfp ... tim burton & myers briggs ( mbti ) types lol exactly why a wizard is superior . ;-) that's really cool lol can i live inside your dreams ? most fictional vampires are stps though lol they are very much in the physical world . i couldn't see them as intj sorry . i can see why basilisk may not be the best though . but idk they exist ... lol i think it's just a decent enough title and the wizards are mythical beings . rather than creatures lol myers briggs ( mbti ) disney princesses & heroines <3 <3 oh disney ... how i love thee . myers briggs ( mbti ) mythical creatures i love this . i am esfj and i like getting something good for once . phoenix makes sense for me . does yours make sense for you ? eh . i know some intps would woud never watch or enjoy either of those shows lol star trek is a definite no . i actually think that is more of an intj show . csi i can't imagine my intps ever liking ... what you should binge watch on netflix according to your myers briggs ( mbti ) type woo . does yours fit ? mine does but unfortunately i've already re-watched those shows recently ( esfj ) . maybe i'll ... ne deals with possibilities in a broader spectrum . ni sees all the surroundings and what is occurring and applies that to subconsciously see what will happen next . it makes them talented chess ... it helps accomplish goals for the most part . but i feel like it can fail to see different possibilities and then becomes blindsided with what occurs . don't get me wrong , i've taken advice from ... no no no . you are taking my words far too harshly . i am maybe portraying a caricature of the types to make a point which i have clearly failed to do . lol . i am saying i believe every single type ... yeah , i can buy that reasoning ... i am obsessed with this show but mostly tina . she is such an amazing character . she seems unaware but then you realize she isn't at all . she comes out with the most insightful things . i feel like she ... i actually tend to agree with this . xntp have ti ne ... they at least are aware of the possibilities and capable of analyzing them to figure out a much more logical approach . sometimes y'all analyze a ... every single type has it's flaws . to say one group of functions is best is subjective and unrealistic . every function has its ' positive and negative attributes . personally i think se and fi together ... not bad i agree with most of them . caroline is so esfj which makes me happy lol one i can be proud of for once . i believe matt is istj ... the vampire diaries - myers briggs ( mbti ) types this list ... i feel like everyone types dean as estp because they are't really looking close enough . his s behavior is totally si not se . he is living his life the way he has always lived it . in a lifestyle that ... well that's rude . omg your usage of that meme is perfection lol personalikitty : mbti cat edition ( part 2 ! ) personalikitty : mbti cat edition ( part 2 ! ) esfj so fits us ! lolpersonalikitty : mbti cat edition ( part 2 ! ) yay ! personalikitty : mbti cat edition ( part 2 ! ) i love these things so much . personalikitty : mbti cat edition ( part 2 ! ) '