' very . next question well , after seeing what people say in this post let me set a few things clear : music is enjoyable because it releases dopamine in the brain ( dopamine is the reward chemical of the brain ) . in ... oh once my mom bought strawberries and whipped cream . i was really intrigued by the whipped cream and i took 2 lung-fulls . besides a slight dissociation ( walking was kinda weird ) i haven't felt ... she's an ... um ... entittie i mean tp intelligent good sense of humor openness nicegood heart not too ugly if woman ( sorry but true ... ) adventurous and care-free up for a good time deal breaker : secretly worships satan . now ... when you think about it ... i can not really relate . i mean , i'm very emotional ( especially for an entp ) and such but not to that extent . it's overall healthy to cry sometimes and it shouldn't ... that actually made me laugh out loud dude that is a really awesome quiz you found there . benevolent inventor is what i am . never knew something good could come out of isxj's . sorry for racism hey guys ! i wanted to make a poll to indicate whether or not entp's use psychoactives more often than other types . please elaborate . country of origin : israel country lived in the longest : israel nationality : east european ( mostly russian ) jewish . it also turns out i came from famous people . look up the genius of vienna ... you also forgot about the best , biggest boobs of all : fat intj manboobs . edit : sorry for double-posting i like where you're going . really like it : kitteh : i just go apeshit on my ne . just kidding . when i was really young i did . that didn't have good consequences at all ... although as the years went by i started grasping the whole fe thing and using it ... i'm as secular as they go . no experimenting what-so-ever . my age group mostly , though i usually get along with everyone very well ( extremely social ) most friends that aren't my age are a year below , less commonly a year above , and rarely 2 abovebelow . ( i'm ... many studies have been made about the correlation between music taste and personality . guess what ? in most of them , experienced psychologists ( eg . big-name u's ) have more accurately perceived ... hey guys ! some of you who were active a few years back might remember this entp . i used to be very active here on these forums for quite some time , like a year or something . anyways , i felt , somehow , ... hugh hefner # 2 . or perhaps threaten hugh hefner # 1 into becoming # 2 and us # 1 . become a clean homeless that isn't alergic to deodorant become a non-foreign cleaning lady ( double out for me :P ) ... a . maybe you confused two with three ? maybe it's a mis-calculation ? it's not absolute 100 % that you're right . if you ask a 10 iq retarded man this question he might calculate it badly . although ... yeah it's awesome . they called me sanguin , which is a little jumpy monkey ( not a color ) in brazil . intelligent ones , and also people that i can see in their eyes that they're really good . they might bore me , but i'd always like them and at least be polite ( try to , tact isn't my thing ) . also ones ... i used to play an instrument , used to play sports , used to jog , used to do capoeira for three years from 3rd to 5th grade ( i can still do all the cool saumersalts and stuff ) , and when i was like 6 ... hey guys . first of all , i know i wasn't active in the last month but that's because i'm starting to get bored here . anyhow , do you have any hobbies ? please don't get off-topic now , all you entp's , ... i would smile and just flow with him . lol . you didn't understand what i meant . it was off-topic . i meant to ask whether fe and si are , in general , an entp's weakness ? like , are fe-skills weaker or stronger than most other types ? i know ... ^ ^ yeah , i think it's about becoming more of a j and fe . 100 % p is pretty hard , and whatever you said happens to me all the time . i also have no tact , but i am sensitive and pretty soft-hearted , and ... sorry for bumping this ( not so ) old thread , but i wanted to know , out of curiosity how'd you answer these questions : 1 . if nothing is 100 % certain , then doesn't fallibilism contradict itself ? ... i believe the meaning of like is to maximize happiness , by maximizing enjoyment and minimizing pain , and every voluntary action we take follows a really simple and objective equation : enjoyment - ... i'm purely right handed , except when i jack off because i use the right hand for the mouse . i can't write with my left hand , and really really shitty motorical abilities with it . it's also weaker . ... that's wrong , here's the true and upgraded list : 1 . ) morally unique 2 . ) great sense of humor 3 . ) emotionally stable 4 . ) rightfully expressive of their achievements 5 . ) not superstitional ... and have hardcore german anal sex ! by order : 1 . skinny . but not too much ... you know what i mean . 2 . nice ass 3 . hot legs 4 . naughty ( and good at being naughty . haha ... an ironic statement ) 5 . boobies 6 . face 7 . doesn't ... by order , from terrible to tottaly unbearable that makes me want to shoot them in the head . 5 . sj-ish kind of behavior . you know what i mean . 4 . superstitional idiots . i'm not talking about ... i'd just hope that you're really really hot lol ! that's exactly what i thought . well , not exactly . more like what happens if i was a woman ... i'd look in the mirror , and play with my ( of course i would have big-ass titties ) boobies ll ... ah ... first i asked what the lgbt ? . after 2 posts : ah i get it now ... anyways , i have some opinions about the lgbt that you may not like . first of all , i'm not racist ( i call anti-gays ... read only the first post and half the second ... so much writings ... lol . on the other hand , i can type people pretty good ( i think ) . anyways , you shouldn't look at profiles as to describe you , ... lol ... there are like 6 entp's in my grade alone . ( 100 kids ) sunglasses ---> that way i can look at cleavage for hours without worrying about getting busted . ( you have to look at the face , and then roll your eyes down ) moreover , what i mean is that both ne and se are 2 different attitudes that are used in the same cirumstances . in other words , two different ways to treat the same circumstances . same with si and ni , ... that's the whole point of these 2 threads . a jungian cognitive function is not a skill , but a mindset . in other words , every one of the cognitive functions is basically a different point of view , ... ohhh ... so i get it now ... ne is our mindset we prefer to wear in order to gather information from the outside world ti is the way , or mindset , that we prefer to wear use while thinking ... spin-off of the direction thread . so ... do any of the entp's walk around for hours looking for their cars ? - my theory is that yes , because that purely depends on si ... our inferior ... personally , my dad and i , two entp's ... always forget where we parked the car . one time , when in a trip in la after a dodger's game ( now i'm officially an american ( j-k - ! - ! - ! - ! - ! ) ) , we looked two ... spin-off of the direction thread . so ... do any of the entp's walk around for hours looking for their cars ? - my theory is that yes , because that purely depends on si ... our inferior ... lol ... i don't even know what side of my house is the south one ... i'm good at building a mental map in my head and transforming verbal directions into a way more useful mental map . i'm also really really good at navigating ( go army ! ) . on the other hand , i'm really ... i like this thread ! ! ! when they say completely irrelevant stuff . when he is completely oblivious to whether you're paying attention / annoyed by what he says / leave him hanging after he tells ... cognitive functions tests are bullshit . let me explain : entp the n and t are your main 2 functions . you can't have se there , even if you really think so . you ... hahaha ! when i was like , 10 , i got doa 2 , and used to play it for hours ... i was also the first one in my class to think girls are not gross . and i also started watching pr0n when i was in the 3rd ... '