well i kinda relieved that most change major but im still confused ... i get affected easily by what other say ... that is why i want to avoid my fam cuz i dont want to change mind ... tanstaafl 28 ugh ... i don't transfer that general course ... because the uni asking about the description and i'm lazy to do that , and it is only a few , like 2 subject , so i don't bother about it luvgen thanks :D luvgen lol i have a lot of insulting ideas in my mind right now luvgen what would you tell them if they ask ' which semester are you now ' ? so i changed my major from computer science to graphic design after 3 years studying . at first , i believe ' this is what i always want ' . then my uncle and aunt ruin my mood . they say , ' oh , that is a ... based on wikipedia , it symbols purity . if me , leonardo got bored drawing female potrait and the actual title is ' lady looks like an ermine ' i never understand why her smile is so mysterious . it looks like a woman smiling like a normal person to me . maybe isfp people could enlighten me since you all are artists as an artist at disney pixar oh my disney , pixar , dreamworks movies spirited away . hayao miyazaki is like gabe newell . the difference is he hates number 2 21 jump street , rowan atkinson movies , night at the museum , the mummy , the ... i'm sensitive when people criticize and also passive but i believe that is not real me and i can change . so right now i want to change to major that i think i will be the best at and hope that it ... 1 . every rts and simulation game . i don't like to level up and defeat monsters . i like to make a lot of money . i feel like a god when i have a lot of resource and make a lot of profit . those game ... : shocked : whoa so surprised i would find someone also listen to rurutia in this website . ryuukou is my fave time for miracle-adam lambert national anthem-lana del rey venice rooftop-jesper kyd ... that's ... a great tips . in indonesia universities for graphic design the test will ask me to draw , for example a chinese festival with lampions and stuffs , or people in different ages . it tests our imagination , not technique actually the test will ask me to draw , for example a chinese festival with lampions and stuffs , or people in different ages . it tests our imagination , not technique actually when choosing a major , i don't think what i want to do now , but later , for example ' taking electrical engineering so i can make robots that help people and in the future ... so on . ' later ... ' i ... i'm a creep . i'm a weirdo . what the hell am i doing here ? yep , i should write it , otherwise the scene will replay all time . and the idea usually pop out when i'm driving ... walking ... listening to lecture ... i feel like i'm cursed those asian advertisements can you draw things out from imagination without reference ? i can't but university application has test that require me to draw from imagination and i can't draw without reference ! : confused : is that your daughter drawing . it is good though just need practice . not all mangaka good at drawing at the beginning though but you can see their style is developing over time me too , i'm bad with colors and anything you call painting , visual arts , etc . yup i am a gay and i am dominant like word dispenser and xnewix say , it got to be the cognitive function . i suspect myself as intj and i saw intj is not all ' i follow rules ' . they just like everything in order . but i wonder if ... i think all personalities in mbti are nice , depend on the upbringing harry potter . it is in your long term memory . usually it is triggered by a situation that similar to that situation . it is hard to forget but changing your perception like maybe you are not actually wrong and you ... when i read , i form image in my mind . i wonder if intj do that too oh i want to know since i like to draw to and i want to know if this relate to te / fi function anyone ? i thought u gonna talk about i am legend will smith sorry can't be help . never in relationship but i love to be alone i was guessing that maybe isfj tend to like service oriented career . do you like practical or theoretical ? do you prefer to work with people or alone ? do you like to organize ? you should start asking ... huh ? i thought isfj is always happy one cuz of extraverted feeling [ quote = hello 317 ; 1530521 ] as an isfj myself , i'm not too daring . 1 . would you ever consider going bungee jumping / skydiving ? maybe 2 . would you ever consider getting plastic surgery ? ( if yes , ... rloei . the description is so unforgiving that i think this website really hate rloei . i can be kind to people too dammit , only i prefer through action bullies . when i hear word bullies ( or anything related ) or read story about being ostracized at school ( yeah i will never watch that ao haru ride no matter what people say how good it is ) , the ... i love yaoi too ! entp ... no more space of debate for you inferno , angel and demons , da vinci code i'm fidgeting a whole time and my teacher once tell me that i will get poor if i fidget a lot . childhood lol my university psychologist told me that fidgeting means we are tactile learner . like we ... si-often spacing out and too much inside my head ne-get bored easily , and anyway si always combine with ne which i wonder why te-i will understand when i do the problems in math and i love ... not sure though because i have multiple personalities which depend with who i am with the sensing and perceiving one in the test is confusing me . why is sensing love to stick to tradition but perceiving dislike rules ? what kind of situation is that if the person is sp ? to the lowest one since being bullied . i'm totally have no idea what is my true self and try to please everyone because i'm afraid to be hated again no , unless it is really important . even if they are angry because i'm not replying or calling soon , well i just decide i don't like this person because their creators are often nf or sf people ... ? ' that way of thinking is so stupid . there is no logic in it at all . if we are supposed to act like a black people , then we should be slaves now ' ' whatever . i don't give shit ' just ask thinker ... i learn japanese and chinese but just the basics . i know how to introduce ourselves and some basic grammars