' coneheads , maybe ?  in case you were wondering how a neanderthal may have sounded like while talking . . . русский язык . я тоже люблю русских женщин .    i'm watching my cat do aerobics , or whatever you call those stunts they do . tin whiskers . basic info on tin whiskers   early morning , april four , a shot rings out in the memphis sky dream beneath the desert sky .    ah yes , snowboarding on a warm spring day . жарко when i can't decide what kind of ice cream i want to buy . i'm glad you asked . they grow all over western north america , often found in the ' burbs surrounding cities , like this one : the great antenna tree | sacramento county , california - google maps from the pines cones of an antenna tree , of course . the other day i was in line at the grocery store . some woman cut in line right in front of me . when i informed her of this her reply was , i have less than half the items you do . i answered , ... an intj complaining about her imperfections . i would buy a lot of land and plant trees and antennas . i like trees . and i need antennas so i can talk to the people who live in the satellites . intp desktops . completed task # 1 on my to-do list . i think i'm on a roll . at this rate i should complete another eleven , maybe twelve more tasks by the end of the year . i think i need a few days to recover after all that . within a relationship , some of it is fine . what i really hate is when strangers call me sweetie , luv , honey , and so on . ahhh , inductance ! hmmm ... in2itive @localhost : ~ $ killall - 9 universe physicists testing to see if universe is a computer simulation there is a good possibility i'll get an a in that gis class . i don't really ask for advice . i do try to bounce ideas off people to see what kind of response i get , for informational purposes . most of the time you aren't going to hear if the other person is ... i know what i want , i've researched it , i know how much it should cost , so the salespeople just need to get out of the way . if they insist upon pestering me i'll make a game out of it by asking ... because most people think there is no point in things they aren't interested in . because there is a possibility that something in the box . if not , they must find the reason nothing is in the box . if nothing is in the box they just may decide it is kind of a cozy and comfy place ... pumpkin pie and hot coffee when all the leaves are brown and the sky is grey . rush limbaugh thinks out loud too . based on the stupid shit he thinks up , i'm positive he isn't an intp . anyway , my point is it isn't a good idea to think out loud . that and the non-standard three letter abbreviations and acronyms people use . and when you ask them what it is they always insist you take the time to google it when they could have easily just ...  why have i been cold all day ? i could do a real experiment if i had calibrated equipment to measure signal strength from different points . i'm also limited to various lengths of wire because there are things like driveways , ... '