' pacing . in my head ... mostly . you know you're an enfp ... when you're easily conflicted ... over big and small things ... but not just in two ways - yes / no , do it / don't do it , but probably 5-10 different perspectives ... returning to perc perhaps ? unintentional hiatus possibly over ... life just yanno ... kinda got a hold of me ... and i am not at my computer a whole lot anymore except for when school is in ... lol . ... thanks guys ! ! :D i know i'm an enfp but rarely relate to other enfp's especially on this forum . i always figured it was my over-developed dominant ti ( which is not characteristic of enfp's ) , or my enneagram stacking ... i'm totally on board with what you said regarding the majority of the enfp's on this forum . my expression of hyper is being ultra chatty about ... say ... 75 % of the time , and / or the habit of being ... watching cartoons and debating what i want for breakfast ... and also when / if i'm going to clean the kitchen and dishes from the other night when i made a huge home cooked dinner ... which took a lot ... just woke up from a really nasty dream . wishing i wasn't alone right now , and that's just not like me at all . feeling unsettled , though i've had several dreams in the last couple years that ... stand in front of the bathroom mirror ? hehe . good luck ! ! getting ready to go to bed i think . i've had enough of this day . not mad or upset , but had enough of it . watched 500 days of summer earlier and it just got on my nerves ... struck some chords about ... just got back from the store , then vomited for a while . awesome . just turned on tonight's presidential debate , and am getting ready to start on this recipe for my dads bday tomorrow : pecan pie cake ... you're very right . it just took me some self-convincing to let it go . i'm only human , you know ... : tongue : not letting bigots get to me . taking the high road . i could again , write a sound , verifiable , ( even biblically sound ) response to some members of a hate group - but i've already wished them ... still surprised the op had nothing to say to my initial response . oh well . perhaps i struck a nerve , or he felt no need to reply , or i left him with nothing to say ? perhaps he is pre-occupied with ... i 100 % agree . while i had a very doting isfj mother , who pretty much had already raised a family before us , being the oldest of 7 siblings and being in charge with two working parents all of the ... i assure you that not all infj's are doormats . stereotypically isfj's are more the mothering type . anyhow , many infj's do not take criticism well , care to take up all the slack for others , or are ... relaxing after a very scary day . i almost died of anaphylactic shock . luckily i was in the hospital and was able to call the nurse with the button in my lap before i went unconscious . unfortunately ... blasting fb with photos and stuff from the page i co-admin . also eating a small bowl of chili i reheated for bfast , leftover from my first ( and extremely successful ) attempt at making chili last ... did a little research and apparently that can happen with this brand - and yes it is dangerous ( and expensive ) - but they have suggestions as to how to fix it / stop it on their site in the help / faq ... rinsing my mouth every few min and wiping my lip off repeatedly , bc it's burning a bit - i think the liquid in my e-cig leaked somehow when i switched the filter to the other charged battery . from ... what's a race pr ? just wondering . and as i said in another thread about 2 seconds ago ( lol ) , happy birthday ! well i was asleep for a while , but i guess i went to bed too early bc i only slept for about 2 hours . now i'm up again . what am i doing ? well , what i am not doing is enjoying this e-cigarette that ... i have a quiet day ( it's what i call them ) a few times a year . they just happen . nothing is wrong . i just feel like i am observing everything completely around me , without really processing ... trying domino's new handmade deep dish pizza . the manager and driver ( old co-workers of mine , and my ex / best friends step-dad's co-workers now ) , both told me it's so much better than the old one ... um ... good for you ... i think . yay for everyday life experience i guess . woke up early after going to bed late . watching reruns of roseanne on a saturday morning . i'm in pain but i'm sure my pain meds will kick in soon and i will be able to get up and make some breakfast , ... yes , but the furthest i ever go is the beach ( 2hrs away ) or the mountains ( 2-3 hrs away ) . i won't go far . every other trip has been planned at least a couple days if not a week or two in advance . ok , ... always good to see you around mate ! esp outside of the enfp sub-type forum . : tongue : also , i'm chatting with friends , winding down for the day . just showered and had a nice salad for dinner with a ... i have an auto-immune disease ( crohns specifically ) . it means my immune system is attacking my insides , as if i had had a bad transplant or something . pain medicine for my lacerated insides . i went off of them for a few days , to make sure i wasn't addicted chemically and withdrew , which sucked but it's fine and was intentional . now my tolerance is ... sometimes it's nice to get lost . especially on a walk or bike ride . it might help you learn the city , or maybe you'll discover something or someplace new and exciting - or even something about ... trying to keep my eyes from going cross-eyed from the meds i'm on , while trying to read and write stuff online . also listening to / watching american dad in the background . also just finished eating a ... thanks for that - it was really funny , however once was definitely enough for me lol . you know you're an enfp when you find it amusing that other enfp's think that we all go through the exact same , and very specific often day to day ( activities or ) things . this is incredibly common on ... trying to find ways of entertaining myself when i should probably just shower and go to bed . trying not to get into a political debate with a really close infj friend . i can't fathom how she holds ... eating watermelon after just waking up from a much needed nap and thinking about the amazing salad i'm going to make later . also chatting with friends . can't wait for my next dose of pain medicine . i ... looking for true love online . probably a waste of time , eh ? procrastinating going to sleep . watching adult swim . ice packs man . ice packs . and ibeprofun . a freezer full of icepacks waiting for me at my dorm at the end of the day when i practiced my violin 7 hrs daily were my best friends . carpal tunnel in one ... the mindy project was pretty good . definitely going to tune in next week . i'm about to try these parmesan and garlic pita chips . i decided against eating hummus with them , although i have some ... watching the premier of the mindy project , after hearing about it on npr earlier on my starbucks run . they were talking to / interviewing the star / writer / co-producer . she used to write for the office , ... congrats ! i'm almost to a measly 1000 . but i will get there eventually ! ! congrats again to the best mod / admin evah ! ! oh yes , i forgot to include in my list my love for tarantino flicks . i loved inglorious bastards from the very first minute it started rolling . also i love kill bill 1 and 2 - and am greatly ... have you seen kung fu dunk ? it's on netflix . it's in chinese though , but has subtitles . eat a banana and / or something with a lot of sodium in it . depending on what's going on in your body it could be a deficiency related to either or both potassium or sodium . or it just could be a ... so true ... so true . in order of love and / or number or times seen ( estimates lol ): ever after ( seen 300,000+ times ) you've got mail ( 100,000+ times ) die hard 4,1 , 3,2 ( 3 times ) v for vendetta ( 10 times ) love actually ... it was somewhat concluded and discussed in-depth in this thread a few months ago that up is the most enfp attracting movie ever . thinking ... and suffering . watching family guy and trying to occupy my mind and distract myself from my physical discomfort . too true . we refuse to be deterred by their hard-shelled exterior and occasional lack of tact . :P '