' animator or movie maker i actually really like these . i like the tint of the first and rawness of it . it reminds me of an animator's sketch . the last is good because of the contrast , and it looks like there is lighting ... i hate red tape ( wiki it ) situations . anyway , i really like the newer intricate background patterns and use of different colors . i got 25/26 i would love to see more of your girls . these ones are really cool . i always resort to whimsical houses / buildings and stylized atmospheres when i can't think of anything . if you absolutely can't get the motivation to do some idea , just practice really technical ... i have that issue too . i have to ask them if they don't mind if i respond later or break it up and respond to the points individually , and sometimes i don't . plus my engagement is pretty sporadic ... that's cool how you made the eyes move nope , not even people i just hang out with or acquaintances . does that sound pathetic ? i think one thing to remember is that it should make sense . it shouldn't be something that just comes to you ( if people claim that , then yes it came to them fast but in a logical manner , but it's not ... i might have read this one in this thread before , but i have trouble remembering . it's probably inevitable that there might be repeats . it is applicable to my life right now - when you'll go weeks ... i just feel the need to tell people when i can tell they are being sarcastic because replying in a serious tone to a sarcastic post sometimes makes people think you mistook their sarcasm for being ... that didn't give any results for that particular thumbnail . relied on google , and of the results that showed up , none were specifically identifying i . e . leading directly to her except for people ... i'm guilty of actually reading that stuff , and that definitely makes her more appealing . ( oh and in agreement with you . i knew you were being sarcastic . ) yeah that seems very suave . maybe we can commission an art piece that's non-digital giving an excuse to get her address ... jk ( i hate having to ruin a moment with a jk , but ya know , people might ... lol .. i know . i just like looking at pretty people's pictures though . although she apparently has a twitter and stuff too . i didn't see that post ( the one with the body shots ) before i posted ... deviantart too : wink : google imgs lol the timing probably implies i was spending the whole afternoon creeping on her ha , but i actually found those quickly and within that earlier time frame . it's very easy actually , but don't ... lol okay .. i guess i'm biased because i don't want to come to terms with me being short , so i see her as ' average ' . i just tried to estimate the guy and imagine him standing up as a reference and ... i think she's pretty average since she's about the same as these other girls sorry turned this ... ok i tried to find more of that girl sakuracon 2011 29 | flickr - photo sharing ! she's looks different in the other photos . there's something about b5 i prefer , although not in an ' attraction ' way . plus i like hair that length , but i wouldn't wear it on myself since i don't have the face shape for it . what most have in ... yeah intp . this section does have a lot of off topicness too i realize , but it's a different kind . oh , and i wouldn't feel , poor me . i'm excluded , but just , i don't care ... not relevant to my ... yeah i guess i find myself viewing this section more than my ' own ' . it seems they go off topic often and have too many inside jokes with each other or something . i just find more things i can read ... i just don't understand why the french one isn't under the easy ones . i think that was one of the easiest , and i don't even have french knowledge . sure , in some situations , but what else is there that you can trust that often leads to a practical solution / conclusion ? it's the most reliable . others may be right sometimes but are more left to ... i hate my mother will stare at me , and i ask her what she's looking at ( more in a * stop looking at me * tone not actual curiosity ) , and she'll say something like , you're so beautiful .. you're my baby ... i think it's time to get physical . i once had these encounters when i was young with a guy who may be this type . i threw soapy water into his eyes . he chased me and pushed me down , causing grass ... hm , yeah i've been wondering if i'm more emotional than i think , but i guess i'm also like that . even though i experience emotions at times , it's like this internal debate where i keep telling myself ... i got excited that you thanked my posts until i saw that you thanked everyone's . but don't you dare un-thank them now that i mentioned it ! and you better thank this one too . i am frugal because i don't think of things in the moment . i'm always thinking of what i want and what could be , so i tend to save up and have thousands of dollars on me to spend eventually on ... numerous people think that you must be perfect or else it's pointless . that doesn't make sense since less consumption makes some kind of difference . there's nothing keeping tabs on you saying , if ... yes , but i don't see how that's a ' feeling ' type thing . does ' t ' really mean you can't have any emotions or don't care about anything ? i don't think so . i think it depends more on your reasons i ... mother - isfj confirmed dad - possibly istj if i got the hang of it , i probably could be . if you're a good artist , then you should be pretty good in any medium as long as you actual have the knowledge of how to draw . if you're not a very good ... well i think you're going to be majorly disappointed if you have such a high ideal . believe me , everyone has flaws , so you're going to have to accept that there's going to be stuff you just can't ... there's varying levels of severity . simply put , anxiety . so you like him when he wasn't that interested in you but now that he is , you lost interest ? what i said had nothing to do with their interest . i was simply stating besides any variables , that more exposure and lack of boyfriends is more indicative of that conclusion , even if it is by your ... i love how they tried to act like it was spontaneous , but the show just happened to know what tune to play automatically . lol she considers a 1-2 years difference an older woman i look innocent , so i wouldn't stick out as suspicious or anything . i have no issue with invading others ' privacy and even go out of my way to do so sometimes . it's easy to figure out how to lie to ... just remember though , most of you don't actually have ocd . it's normal to have some slight traits . nope .. at least not in an aggressive and direct way . i've been called rude by friends after they've seen how i reacted with other people . apparently i seemed to blow them off or wasn't very friendly , ... that's not really ironic . that's actually more determinant of that conclusion because you'd think you would have naturally formed a relationship or ' thing ' with one of them at least . btw , that has ... uhm lol .. that does seem like you see it . you just might want to act negatively about it to initate positive responses as some kind of boost because those are just so obvious and cliche things people ... 1 . the person who you are walking with is the most important person in your life . your answer : dog 2 . the size of the animal is representative of your perception of the size of your problems ... '