' i eat really , really fast ! lol lol like for xmas id get him cologne , a big teddy bear , some nice chocolate , a big bag of candy and a card thats what i did one time and i go shopping and if i see any little random things he would ... i love giving gifts , and i'm the one who will give a big pile of things lol . i love excuses to give things to people , i enjoy making things and have spent a lot of time making things for people , and ... 2 hours is not far away lol , when i was in a long distance relationship he was on the opposite side of the country and i only saw him once every 3 or 4 months . they work if you love each other and ... same exact way for me ! i really hope so too ... i will spoil the heck out of him he won't even know what to do with all that love lol i'm going to be a big barney and just hug hug hug . i don't get ... whoops didn't mean to like that one sorry lol anyone who doesn't like us is just a crazy person ! how could you not want a big fuzzy hug ? ... those things are true . my thing is that i don't like being alone and i'm scared that i'll end up alone . seeing everyone so far ahead makes me feel like i'm losing out and it scares me . i've had a ... don't worry i'm sure you're awesome ! : laughing : it's just that a majority of the people my age who i went to school with are married and / or have kids and i'm just kind of still where i'm at . if i had a so then i would feel fulfilled because ... as long as you don't hit your kids that's all that matters , it's good that you take it out on something else . i bet since it's not them you're hitting and it doesn't happen that often they wouldn't ... yeah i agree , i don't think it's solely based on environmental factors . my mom , all of her sisters and my grandma are very similar to me from what i can tell and their dads weren't abusive . my dad ... yeah lol i've thought about it before too . i've wondered if maybe i wasn't the only one with a parent like that , since there are a lot of reasons i can think of that it may contribute to the type of ... i do have emotional breakdowns sometimes , i don't get mad or break things , it's more of just getting really upset . there have been sooo many times i've just dealt with a massive amount of stress and ... that's so stupid i'm sorry . : frustrating : i don't understand either , i don't get why people can't just be honest and upfront and they have to hide things or avoid being honest , especially if it's ... haha i know : blushed : i just enjoy making things for other people , i will make myself nice meals , i enjoy cooking and i make myself good things like for a snack or lunch or something , but in the ... i'm usually not really hungry when i get up . usually i either don't eat or i have something really small , sometimes i'll make a whole bunch of stuff but it's usually if other people are with me to ... i'm at about 25 on the female side . angles your score : 11 out of 20 average score for men : 15.1 out of 20 average score for women : 13.3 out of 20 0 - 12 : you have more of a female brain ... nope . : confused : i like both but i'd have to say tea . i listen to a really wide variety of music and i've noticed before too that most of it is males singing , some are female of course but i definitely listen to a whole lot more music with male singers . aw that's so nice ! more guys need to be like that . and that's so sweet you bring gifts for your daughters too . don't worry , it will especially if you find a caring person . it's possible lol ... haha those comics are so funny and so true . i completely missed that post by introvertigo , i always do that ! you say hi to someone a bunch of times because you want to acknowledge them but then ... that actually may work in your favor in the sense that isfjs are the nurturers / caring ones , i know that being an isfj we're very accepting of a lot of things and things like that aren't seen by us ... that's true too , and yeah i'd assume it would , most of the people i know in the military are very conservative , i can't really even think of many offhand who aren't , except for 2 . and they're ... omg i totally forgot to even mention this , i completely forgot lol my mom has a friend who is in her early 40s , she's probably about 41 or 42 , i can't remember which . and her husband is in his mid ... lol that's true , i know i look at early high school students even now when i'm in my early 20s and i feel like they're so much different . i can't tell if it's that or if the people my age were the ... i know ! it's different once you're both out of high school and considered to be an adult , but 20 + years really is insane lol i was like whoa she looks young for her age and my friend was like it's ... haha i see lol well that's not old . lol ! and she's 4 or 5 years younger than my little sister . my mom and stepdad are 12 years apart and her and my dad are only 1 year apart . one of my old ... i doubt you're old ! how old are you ? and yeah i need to find a guy like that too . all the guys in my town are all about party party party get with as many girls as i can and i hate that . ... i know exactly what you mean lol same here ozziechick yes of course , good guys for everyone . :) i think there should be an isfj island and we need a bunch of isfj guys on it . that way there's no more being neglected in relationships and we ... i get all these d-bags asking me out lol it isn't fun ! if someone doesn't work out then i'm going to move to that isfj island i decided i would establish in that one thread , asap . i'll paddle out ... that's true lol i didn't even think of that usually i notice little things like that . it's like the movie the number 23 , and now i'm going to be looking for it everywhere ! : confused : jk lol oh i ... i used to be good at writing when i was younger , i loved writing and i had an obsession with making books . i did that constantly up through middle school , then when i got into high school i stopped ... me too ! i get nervous now they think i spend all my time thinking about them and trying to gather information or something lol . but i just have a really good memory . and i remember details ... it took me a while to finally decide to reply to this topic , because i didn't want to speak poorly of anyone and feel like i'm being insulting , and i do know it's the individual person , not just ... that's crazy ! : crazy : and all but one are 53 % haha that guy has some funny videos , i found a funnier one i saw right after i had posted that . that's probably what i got mixed up was essex and sussex . i like it lol i wish people here spoke like ... lol ! : crazy : that was what my break was like at work yesterday , and similar things have happened many times . well i'm glad it's not abnormal then , i was a little hesitant to say it but i was curious ... ohhh i see lol someone told me this guy's was essex , what is it ? i haven't been outside of my country unfortunately so i can't distinguish different dialects very well within countries , i can ... that stalkerish memory thing happens to me soo much ! this one may sound weird lol idk if other people are like this sometimes but you know you're an isfj if you're at work on valentine's day and you're on your break , in the break room there is a ... oh really that's cool :) nice ! aahh i think the essex accent is soo nice i love it . lol this made my day ! haha : crazy : awesome ! congrats lol i can't wait until i'm saying that someday yeah i know that's true and my cousin's birthday is on xmas eve and that's a big one lol wow that's crazy lol i bet that's a ... i don't know anyone in real life lately who is really interested in personality types and curious about things like that like i have been , so for me the only way that i think i may know what some ... that is true coustain . that's why i like it lol i like extra reasons to show i care . it's nice to know i'm not the only one either , it really makes me feel better lol less alone . and yes it ... welcome ! it's always nice to see another isfj : happy : i've never created a topic and i'm sorry in advance if this seems like a stupid one to make , ( even over the internet i'm worried what others might think of me , and being embarassed ) especially since ... never ! no man or woman left behind :) aww :( i'm so glad it's getting warmer . i just want to be here during the summer and go somewhere on the other side of the world during the winter ! : laughing : '