' apparently i was very quiet and shy , you can notice it in the videos and photos of me at that age . materialistic 0 % 54 % offbeat 60 % 48 % thinking 50 % 51 % interpersonal 23 % 56 % vital 56 % 54 % easygoing 73 % 54 % your motiv type is aoxwxr your motiv + ... conclusion ; do the sport that you love most and eat healthy foods , but don't obsess over being skinny . and also , you can eat from time to time a pizza , hamburguer , etc .. like a cheat meal , no ? ... yes that happens to me a lot , i know what i want to say , but when i try to explain myself some words won't come out , it's so hard for me to speak and explain things with clarity yess i'm the owl : yeah : the owl sees in the dark : as a spirit animal , the owl guides you to see beyond the veil of deception and illusion ; it helps see whatx 92s kept hidden . it also symbolizes the ... invisibility . no doubt lyrics are important for me , most of the songs i listen to have meaningful lyrics that express how i feel . one thing that really helped me to learn english was translating the lyrics into my ... i can't say i'm happy at this phase of my life , but this ' chapter ' has expiration date , and i'm working hard so that the next one can be better , it's up to me . i lowered my coffee intake from 2 to 1 per day . i really don't know why i was taking two coffees everyday , i'm very sensitive to caffeine , and lately i've been having these ' little anxiety attacks ' ... thank you it was a good reading ;) i struggled with depression in my teens , i got over it , but i think i'll always have that depressive tendency in my dna , i'm sure it's inherited . now i'm going ... a few years ago ( 17-18 ) i used to worry too much about my weight , i did cardio everyday and i was obsessed with counting kcal . but since i started training , i just eat whatever i want , nothing in ... sense 8 , it's amazing i'm unique : cool : japan and new zealand yes , i've been told that i'm too shy all my life . some people have said it trying to make me more outgoing , and other people have said it as a compliment , telling me that i do not talk much , but when ... i love all my ups and downs , my hardest days make me stronger , and then when i'm feeling happy and confident , i enjoy and appreciate it more since i know what it feels like to be down suffering . i ... overwhelmed . everybody telling me how i should be , how i should act , how i should live . asking me to be average , to give up on my true self and my dreams . i pity them , they're wasting their time ... yes , i tend to keep thoughts and opinions to myself , mainly because they generate discussions , and sometimes those debates are not pleasant at all ( when people try to impose their opinion , being ... i'm on a different level everyday , yesterday was 7 , today is 1 and tomorrow maybe 9 , each day a different battle , it's exciting margaery tyrell <3 i agree with that , the languages we speak are part of our identity ^ fe--group oriented , like to make everyone feel welcome , empathetic , caring i feel very uncomfortable when someone forces me to participate and to feel included in a group , asking me to express ... i've been thinking lately about quitting perc , i really love this place because i've learnt a lot about myself and about others reading their experiences and opinions . but sometimes it demotivates me ... yes , it totally describes me i know don't what kind of friend i am , i'll tell you when i get one xdd but yes maybe i'd be a selfish friend yes i lift , heavy weights , powerlifting , and i love it .. but i don't lift to gain muscle or being healthy , i lift because it's a form of therapy for me .. ... the wolf on the hill is not as hungry as the wolf climbing the hill . i don't get why people don't fight for their goals and dreams , for their true selves . living without a purpose . i am good at keeping secrets , simply because i don't care about other people ' personal issues do all kind of dangerous things to know how it feels like , and eating all i want , my body returns to the original state , right ? xd  yes , i have a dream , and i'll make it come true . what does ' success ' mean to you ? chinese artificial intelligence gets shut down for slamming the communistâ * party | soranews 24 same happened to me , i'm infp so i thought i was a 9 or 4 , till i learned more about 5 . now i know i'm a 5w4 for sure i have never doubted my type nor my cognitive functions , but i'm not a expert on mbti , so let's say 95 % about volunteering , i'm currently studying a social worker degree , but to be honest i don't see myself engaging in volunteering work or organisations like red cross . one of the reasons is because , at ... i hate my inferior te when they become stressed and mentally fatigued to the point where fi can no longer maintain its dominance , unhealthy te urges will finally erupt from the unconscious , ... fantasy and sci-fi , ( sense 8 , got , penny dreadful , attack on titan ... ) i don't like when there's a lot of personal stuff and romances . the more surreal the better , that's why i love anime fantasy worlds where everything is possible , such as ancient greece ( mythology ) , visualization of my dreams and goals , and having philosophy conversations with interesting characters xd 1 . interstellar 2 . inception 3 . the dark knight 4 . dunkirk 5 . the dark knight rises 6 . memento 7 . following omg , it's not black or white , mbti don't define us , but it helps us to understand and learn about our psychology . the same with the rest of theories , the same , they are not an absolute ( bullsh * t ) ... under the skin it's weird , but i liked it 7 ' 5/10 ^ that's the reason i don't feel lonely when i'm alone ' introverting ' , i learned to be by myself a few years ago , and now i only experience loneliness when i'm with a group of people i don't connect . not an intj sorry , but i have to do this , it's so interesting ! 1 . what wakes you up most mornings ( alarm , pets , kids , etc . ) ? - alarm . and yes , i hit snooze a few times 2 . which historical figure ... wow i really thought i was the only weirdo who does all of those things , now i don't feel alone anymore ! : kitteh : i imagine myself talking with a imaginary friend sometimes , like a famous person for ... under the skin '