' i have trouble accepting people's flaws . i'm going to be a final year student in less than 2 months . it feels surreal . how the hell do 3 years move so fast ? who the fuck sets two alarms on two different phones only to let it ring ( loudly ) and consecutively non-stop for half an hour ( sometimes more ) , killing your roommate in the process ? and this has been ... the sentence in bold hits me right in the heart . and i relate to every single word in this post . thank you for reminding me of how blessed i am with my family . why do i have to overthink everything ? last thursday , i was about to help an old woman with her baggage when my head just had to think about all the possibilities of her rejecting my help , or if ... i learned how to play a guitar for the first time today . it's harder than i thought . : | honesty is never the best policy . you think you are strong enough to handle the truth when you're a lot more broken knowing the truth than not knowing . ignorance is bliss , no matter how hard you try ... smiling at a random stranger sure is a risk . however , it's a risk worth taking , for nothing compares to the feeling of having that stranger smiling back at you . reading a decently-written piece is always satisfying . there's a difference between voicing out and being a plain attention whore . too bad you're only good at the latter , no matter how much you deny it . i feel you honey . but i know that the right one will come along eventually . cliché but it's comforting when you think about it . ;) fucking inconsiderate roommate who thinks she has the room all to herself . open the fucking curtains during the day , stop living in the dark like you're some kind of a lonely lunatic . and we're in a ... i just found out that my crush ( of 2 years ) has the same birthday as mine . i know it's a silly thing to be happy about but it made my day :) is it that weird to be genuinely interested in getting to know a total stranger ( on a personal level ) ? online and offline ? if it is , i must be a total whacko . i love traffic jams , despite the energy drain that they cause . simply because i love watching people in the nearby vehicles while waiting for the car ahead to move . :P loner been called that so many times , i've lost count . escapism is both pathetic and blissful . 8th february 2012 : 1st attempt at re-adjusting the video cable underneath the keyboard ; failed here i am , frustrated as fuck because my laptop screen won't stop flickering ... come to think about it , empathy , in other words basically means putting yourself in others ' shoes . they say , if you feel that it hurts you , it probably hurts the other person , too . what if putting ... that's it . i'm drawing a line between fandom and real life . i thought friends were supposed to accept each other's interest , accept and respect each other's differences and similarities but clearly , ... it's one thing when your dad suddenly asked if he could borrow 15k bucks from you . it's another thing when he told you not to tell your mother about it . it's another goddamn thing when you heard ... you're not alone . today was one of those days i wish i got into an accident or got stabbed in a robbery attempt or i don't know , just for something bad to happen . just to fucking know who actually cares . because at ... it seems like the only place that i'm really being myself is here in pc . or somewhere where no one knows me . it's like i'm scared to be myself around people i know . it's ridiculous but i just can't ... i'm sorry but i'm not interested in whatever gossip you are talking about with the other girls . and if you think that whispering and then laughing loudly would get me intrigued , you should probably ... dear real life folks , i'm officially taking a break from reality . from you all . one can only take so much heartache and disappointments you know . / dives into fandom . when people tell me that i've missed out most of the fun during my childhood years just because i rarely go out there , i just feel like slapping them across the face . who are they to decide what ... when friends want more than what you can give , you tend to go out of your way and be someone you're not just to fulfill that . then they say you've changed and apparently that's your fault too . ... i can only boil in silence every time people call me a spoiled child for going back home every weekend . as far as i'm concerned , i'm happiest when i'm at home . what's wrong with that ? it took me two weeks to realize that humanity is such a boring topic for an oral presentation . and to think that i was the one who chose that topic makes me wonder if i really am a boring person ... why am i so damn good at procrastinating ? i totally get what you mean . i went for a motivational camp yesterday and there's this one session where we were divided into groups of 10 and were asked to share our problems . it was overall a ... what if i'm not worthy enough for someone to call me their own ? what if there's no one who's willing to see past these walls i've built and get to know the real me ? what if i'm destined to be alone ... i've been feeling euphoric for no apparent reason and it's been going on for at least 4 days straight . something smells fishy . 1 . won a bronze medal in badminton at the sports carnival held by the faculty i'm studying in . 2 . finally found the courage to confront my roommate about her borrowing my lecture notes , in which i'm ... imagination rules the world . – napoleon bonaparte okay you know what ? i don't work my ass off searching for lecture notes & make copies of them just so i can lend it to you . fuck , you don't even talk to me when we're supposed to be roommates , yet ... if only people would use ( simple ) common sense in some parts of their daily life , i'm pretty sure i wouldn't be so pissed most of the time . that one friend who just gets you , without you having to say a word . i find that connection tremendously beautiful . i need to stop having doubts every time i make a decision . it's unattractive . and it always leads to an endless cycle of over-thinking , which is tiring . dear celebrity crush , i am officially making it my sole mission to meet you at least once before i turn 30 . and yes , i am aware that you live in a country 2000 miles away from mine . found some old pictures of myself . man , i was a cute kid back then . who would have thought that such a cute kid would make such an awkward , dull adult ? happy birthday mum . i'm sorry for disappointing you last year . it won't happen again , i promise . i'll work harder , just to make you proud of me again . and i don't always say this , but i care about ... 1 . ) you are given a test at school that has questions that teacher hasn't covered yet . in the middle of the test you notice that your friend next to you has a cheat-sheet . the teacher doesn't notice ... i am a middle child . and i have always suffered from middle child syndrome . i'm not sure if it has anything to do with being an infp though . does loving fanfictions make one delusional ? i am honestly trying ( hard ) to leave all this middle child nonsense behind me but when you have your mum still treating your 18 year old sister like she's the most precious thing in the world when ... i remembered getting idiosyncratic the last time i did that test but i wasn't so sure so i took it again . and this time , i had two personalities as the highest score . idiosyncratic and ... i'm going with pain . i've been in the depression phase long enough to realize that it was the pain that opens my eyes to the real world . ignorance would only mean you're living in your own imaginary ... i wish i was good at something . just something . '