' i really want to try this , but would have difficulty accomplishing this plan because we see each other everyday ! but i did partially try this today , because instead of talking as much as we would ... well my isfp friend does display laughing , he's just very good at hiding it if it's a bad time to laugh . this always amazes me because i can't hide my amusement , if i try to stop laughing i'll get a ... this made me feel all warm and fuzzy , hahaha . but yes , your point is what i'm thinking . at least the isfp should be doing some chasing , especially with reserved girls like us . :) i really get this mentality because i'm also the same . i would rather people come to me , so i know they really would like to talk to me and i'm not imposing myself on them . now i am thinking of ... fizz , you're lucky you can pursue naturally , but i'm a bit more hesitant on these kind of things . i've never really pursued and have a difficult time putting myself out there . it's like this isfp ... i noticed with my isfp crush that i would always be the one initiating the conversation . for example he'd just be sitting in his desk brooding , but i can sense he wants to tell me about his weekend , ... so you'd have to know for sure what the other person's feelings are before you respond ? this isfp guy i like , i've been extremely close with for the past few months . we spend almost the whole day ... can you guys give some examples on how you hint ? i like this isfp a lot , and i have no idea if he is hinting that he likes me more than a friend , or he just acts this way to close girl friends ... this post just brought me a ton of insight i don't even know where to begin with the barrage of thoughts and questions i want to follow up . first of all , you got it brilliantly on the alright , i ... hi there , new enfj , it's so hard to type your name , thaitieuthu ( thank god for copy-paste ) . what you wrote here sounds like my situation . have an enfj friend which never quite made it to the romantic ... i got a 112 , satisfactory . agree with someone who said that infp's would score high on being able to sense other people's emotion . but as to controlling what you're feeling it'd be quite hard . i ... i think i'm one of the people who read too much in between the lines to the point of grossly assuming . sometimes i get it right , sometimes i don't . i most of the time don't when it comes to me , ... i see , that's kind of surprising to me , actually . i've always gotten that line , i don't know if it has something to do with the first impression i give to people being at odds with who i really am ... i was also gonna guess infp . the flake and sensitive to criticism ---> stereotypes of one , hahaha . sometimes the reason i do flake out is that the thought of going out tires me . it feels ... irissylph , i think there are times when you meet somebody for the first time , and when you get to know the person better , they open up to you . and usually that person tells you oh you know the first ... i get you . i have a feeling it has more to do with her upbringing ( very materialistic ) than her mbti . i've gotten along well with some esxx's , so i'm pretty sure it's not the mbti itself . i have ... my boss was an istj . needless to say , as an nf , i felt stressed every single time i was at work . my only break was when she had to be in other countries . quitting that job ( which i've held for ... in all my life , the person i probably could not stand the most was an esfp . i don't know whether it was her mbti type ( maybe i just don't mesh well with the combination of e , s , f and p , but she's ... personally , i get on better with introverts . i don't think i can be with somebody who flirts for flirting's sake , i'd be hovering between annoyed and jealous all of the time . but i think she may be ... i think i can relate to this . compared to my sister who's an sp , at least , i feel very aware of the placement of my body parts . okay , that sounded weird , but what i meant was , example when i'm ... this reminds me of something i posted on an enfj thread : you'd also want to see orangeappled's take on this enfj's and flirting . there's a number of infp inputs on it . i always think ... i like this a lot . :D this is exactly how i work things out with my j friend . we discuss it after a week and we offer each other the best solution ( after much running around panicking moments from ... this is pretty much me as well . i first started with lists , but just ignored them . never stuck to them . i told my j friend of this dilemma , and he insisted on becoming my human alarm ... i love the thought of traveling . when i was a kid , i used to fantasize of just walking in the airport and then just being miss independent and all worldy . when i was nine i think , i just carted my ... oh i have tons of notebooks lying around . i don't want to call them diaries ( frankly , i don't know the difference ) because i feel there's something very female-tween about having a diary . :p but yes ... there are times i do say something out loud , it just comes out of nowhere inside my brain , and i don't even give a chance to think second thoughts about it , i just say it , and everyone laughs . but ... people with multiple adoptions are hoarding these intj's . : crying : at least give me one ? i promise to feed , shelter , water , give personal space , allow access to my library ( with a huge globe , ... hahaha , i can totally relate to this . i would have to say that i never like scheduled things . there are some scheduled things that i have said yes to , but after mulling it over , i felt like i ... this is exactly how my relationship with my intj friend pans out . when we have problems , we quickly have to share them with each other because he and i ultimately know that the areas we missed , our ... i totally agree with this . the old me would probably advise you to seize the day , and ask him what his feelings are for you , you have nothing to lose , and it's better to know rather than think ... truthfully , extroverted sensors drain the life out of me . i can stand extroverted intuitives , but extroverted sensors , just one person at a time . i had this experience of going to the beach with two ... i have a thing for pianist hands . seriously , after the face , the one thing i scope out from a guy is their hands . / perv sorry for straying from the original topic . i couldn't help but ... for me , hugging is a big deal . i'm not a touchy feely kind of person because i do hate being touched by people i don't know that well . so a hug is pretty special , especially if it comes from the ... hey , our defense is ten out of ten , we shouldn't faint after a lame estj intimidation move . this is how i feel . i'm interested in your experience on stp's since i am dating an istp now ... how exactly did you clash on values ? if every mbti had superpowers , infp's would score the highest in defense . related to the infppp's post above with nt's and nf's . personally , the ones i've had a connection with were : intjs and enfjs . the intj was more like me , in a sense that he was laid-back , and i ... i would very much agree with this step . i realize that the times i do fall in love with someone is when i can see that they're opening up to me , and i know for a fact that this is something they just ... oh , if only . mine is any vehicle where i can stare out the window and enjoy the view . cars where i'm not driving . but i noticed i like riding in buses better , since nobody tries to talk to me ... the last line is something i also want to hear . fateandmusic's post was from an enfj girl's point of view , so i wouldn't know what are the signs of an enfj guy flirting for real . it's hard to pick up ... i can pretty much relate with this . we have our close circle of friends , and if we're with others , we come off as pretty reserved ... for me , anyway . so when i'm kind of closed off to people , they ... i love making all sorts of pasta and stir-fry . and i obssess with chocolate , so my favorite things to do ( not exactly cook ) are dark chocolate truffles . i love this thread . the op's view is exactly how i feel . yaay for pcafe ! i'm biased since it's the instrument i play , but do get a nice guitar . :) you're always welcome here and i like seeing your posts . : happy : anyway in response to your question , i deal with pain in the most stereotypical fashion , which is to cut my wri ... i'm just ... i remember reading it somewhere , not sure if it's here , that something about introverts , especially infps calm extroverts down . and that when we're with extroverts as well , we try to infuse some ... i can fully relate to what everyone said here , even to imagine's questioning our emo existence , yes , haha . i pride myself in being a good listener to other people , that's why when i do want to ... that example is all kinds of hilarious . reminds me of my own experience with that kind of problem : me : i feel really down . friend : hey why don't you read this link i have , it'll help you view ... yeah , that's me . i always feel like i have to lighten the mood by making fun of myself , making fun of the people , making fun of everything ... or could be my sarcasm and rapier wit they just don't ... well , you made me mull about all of this . i'm supposed to be getting some writing done , but i had to go back to pc to check this thread . anyway , i realized that you should be following what he ... '