nothing comes to mind ( might have experienced sadness or curiosity but it probably passed quickly ) . then again stoicism was encouraged by the age of seven , still less likely to cry generally . do people actually hang out online ? i am always a bit inattentional : on here , twitter ( for the human and intellectual causes / subchats ) , some linkedin for articles and group comments , quora ... not many places ( just so expensive and exhausting ) . only greece ; new mexico , usa ; south wales ( ' uk ' but slightly different ) and belgium . to be honest my aim to build a social circle , homebody ... some mothers never fully adjust to the realities of not being such a big part in their ( now adult ) childs life on others terms , doing everything to limit emotional separation ( to protect their own ... a tough one . mothers can become more emotionally reliant on offspring as they age ( and realise the void left by not feeling needed by children ) . there can also be a sudden desire for them to keep ... i agree ( of course ) . the real challenge at present is working on replenishing positivity stores daily , knowing that many may not make adjustments or concessions for others when hiring or meeting new ... not directly from approval or recognition , more from seeking acceptance and trying to fit into groups ( or organisational cultures ) . i suppose for me , at present , the real challenge is developing self ... a very good question ! in the past accomplishments , appreciating what makes me unique more , trusting my own empathy for others more and from succeeding against all odds , now i really don't know as ... don't know what is remnants of the past traumatised and depressed ' me ' just lately : after speaking with a friend clear that i am still suppressing basic emotions and situational anxieties just so i ... not a doctor but have been an easily distracted student ( dyslexia and heightened senses , noticing environmental stimulus more ) and an indoor worker . finding an empty space to work in can be helpful , ... ' conditional empathy ' for many that forget they are talking with a real person with real thoughts and feelings ( proximity-based in - groups and out-groups ; very tribalistic at times , as proxies for ... thinking logically with educated reasoning and knowing their tactics is often the best counter ( during and after abusive behaviours ) . the key point is to figure out a baseline of more healthy ways ... an update : still feeling easily exhausted by efforts to try re-establishing ' normality ' after protracted periods of depression ... but also aware that residual after effects are just that ( still taking ... i don't maintain any contact with both parents or relatives by choice - oceanic differences between our personalities and world views ( all very entrenched in negativity and self serving behaviours ) . thank you for taking the time to comment . day by day is mostly how i am trying to gradually increase societal integration , rest may figure itself out in time . something resembling light at the end of tunnel after 6 months of gradually worsening situational depression - very confusing , finding myself wondering who i am as a person and how to adjust to not ... infinite ' me and you's ' since we meet many people daily , irrespective of those we actually do talk to or invest in emotionally ( or vice versa ) . labels and role designations instead has been my topic ... tv and films seem to broach this topic quite often when discussing frankenstein's creation , mysticism / the arcane , the after life and people that seem powerless against the will of others ( ' soulless ... a head full of ambivalence : retook last bothersome exam resit for final time , knowing that i tried my best but still likely failed it again after missing out a whole question ( my revision did not ... points in life when constant dissonance and bewilderment occur , followed by a further need to figure out what and why something feels ' off ' . the search for dry land can also be a good time to learn ... emotional investment comes to mind ( and two choices ): easily take someone at their word knowing they can be self serving without warning or be polite and friendly but emotionally uninvolved ( separate ... depends what and why people are actually taking ( i . e . do they have all the facts in advance or take blindly ? ) . people have suggested alcohol to help me ' relax and lighten up more ' . to be honest i'd ... not really , i'm usually seen as niave , innocent and too honest ( mostly spoken to ensuring i was not causing mischief - never when questioned but i could be antisocial in groups as a teenager ) . only ... i had forgot just how exhausting revision can be ... thankfully i mostly revise in the afternoons . 1 week of revision left , still feeling don't know what i am doing at all but oddly i feel more like a ... depends on severity and stress levels a situation presents ( each situation has different requirements and reasons ) . not sure balance really exists for me to be honest ; typically i rely on project ... the idea that mental and emotional worth from being seen as sociable comes to mind ( conformity and approval / belonging some might say ) . different theory of mind perspectives can be isolating for me , ... perc or forums in general ? cycles of thread spam forum never actually blocks - only so much ' i'm an infj so must struggle with ... ' ( dating , self esteem , socialising , mental health or loneliness ... i do experience this quite often . then again i am also aware that much of this is situational , yet to find a vocational environment or create a lifestyle where insights are actually valued and ... finally know what my week ahead looks like ... but still doesn't stop me feeling exhausted and drained from too many changes and a whole week spent on tenterhooks . question to self : what is even going ... words don't seem enough to describe the social and situational anxieties others keep contributing towards . rest of this week and next week very disjointed - could have have 3 appointments on monday , ... creating paid employment opportunities for all - volunteering is bad when treated as a job ( akin to exploiting others if overused ) . so much uproar in the media about people with disabilities ( any ... confusion . a day / week / life lately spent suppressing emotions and situational difficulties , waiting for them to be ironed out as chicken and egg problems . in reality i would like nothing better than ... not much i could say that wouldn't sound metaphysical or akin to the time travellers wife . through others the time jumper ( bouncer ) experienced glimpses of their own life ( potential , broader ... maybe ... but only if they / her / she could acknowledge that i actually know little about children or parenting in practice ( in theory i'd like to assume i know more / many mistakes to try avoiding from my ... another utterly pointless day spent ticking boxes and just waking up exhausted , all so i can get a doctors note to prove that my physical and mental health is declining . thank less day : spoke to gp ... oh dear , was the subliminal messaging wasn't it ? people hear third party positive things about a person or product enough and the way they view something improves - the idea of ' the expert ' for ... eureka-'you were right ' found out for themselves moments and subliminal messaging through third parties ( people often forget source of information but pieces filter through over several ... useless vent . day spent trying to energise and motivate to no avail ... just can't push through very poor quality sleep last night or ensuing brain haze . sadly change of seasons always affect me same ... mbti used for self awareness raising : a shortcut ( of sorts ) to realise that people are all very different and the chance to explore what feels right and wrong about yourself ( we are all maturing and ... moon willow xnfj is really not meant be a definitive measure of you - your passion is you and your ideas ( doubts , fears , concerns etc . ) are all you . sometimes the key point of living is not to ... another day spent not knowing what to think or feel , aware that fatigue and suppressed negative emotions are subjective truths but not the whole picture ; perception lenses that can colour how ... just .. tired . small things done today and over weekend but not enough to truly feel accomplished in any way , working just above baseline with everything that just seems to take mental energy to even ... not really , i pretty much accept that i get lost ( momentarily ) in new and very familiar places - poor sense of direction and what may be less severe dyspraxia - walking into things or wondering why i ... * cuddle rushes you with coco and a warm blanket waiting with a place by the fire * thank you for your supportive well-intentioned reply . i do try to get out more more to emotionally regroup ( new scenary , chance for new thinking ) but the real challenge is keeping things tangible and ... to be honest i am starting to wonder more if people try to define their job titles and number of children or nieces raised for this very reason ( counterbalancing internal and external needs ) . those ... better day ( comparatively speaking ) but still not at full mental capacity and still barely able to achieve more than one thing at a time . just don't know what to make of my life ; 5 months since bulk ... no , instead i observe others intentions and attitudes towards others as a persistent eavesdropper ' knowing people before i see them ' . then again even this mental and emotional energies depths ... another day wasted , barely able to function after a night of poor quality sleep and insomnia ( my body wanted to get up at 4:30 am - why ? and no thanks ! ) . i just don't know how i am supposed to carry ... pretty simple really - financial independence so i can actually choose with whom ( neighbours , a partners , with friends etc . ) , how and where i live life my own way , the rest is just details and things ...