' i'm not very clear on my j / p preference . and i can't really see an internal / external difference . one part of the problem certainly is that j and p ( as presented in typical tests ) is not really ... thanks ! cool idea ;) . one question : did you erase quotes in your data set ? clustering would be a more general experiment , not really mbti-related , except if the clusters actually overlap strongly with mbti dimensions or even types . more interesting maybe would be using ... very cool ! i think there is great potential in using machine learning + perc posts . not only predicting a type but also to see how distant different types ( all users of a type ) are to each other , ... it seems to me that you mix up the fact that everything is meaningless with a general negative attitude to everything . if you think there is no purpose , no frame , you could also react to that with ... cool ! i think this has great potential . good idea to use this unique opportunity with thousands of type + text examples . it's really fun to play around with search and chart ! haha ... the ... yes , i think so . you know the consequence of each answer , after a time . so your expectation or desired ideal may have an impact . also , you don't see every question in an universal , common-sense ... just what said . dude , if this 2 % really made a difference meaning that they make a person suddenly being an extravert and clearly showing properties of extraversion more than ... in the same way one could say by reading yourself too much into the functions you will emphasize certain parts of you that fit that one stack of functions and separates you from the others . not ... by the way , what is a wrong or true type when you use only dichotomies anyway ? if you go only by dichotomies and ignore functions completely there is not necessarily a hard theory of true types ... okay . it fits you and you get along with the explanations provided by a model . but is still a model , a theory . there is no guarantee that there is one set of universal processes called functions that ... i mean taking one of these models ( theories about functions , function stacks and so on ) so seriously that you can't even trust yourself to assess how much the types fit you but instead let the theory ... not really the topic but this has to be said : i would never play around with these models to such an extent . maybe this is how most people here were born . : laughing : don't forget to erase traces . go for it . i was not speaking about myself . i think you critized something about fi + ni as the first functions and called it someones own theory . i can hardly imagine that you have never seen one of the million ... don't reduce something that doesn't fit into this echo chamber to creating your own theory , while the base theory is obviously still debatable . i think i have read this several times here . also , ... lol , start with yourself . it's really annoying that some people make ni an exclusive good that only those with the special something are allowed to have . i see two main reasons : i + n has an ... in cases that are very close to complete balance , i think it would still be more correct or a better description to say ' mixed ' instead of ' a little preference is still a preference ' . the word sensor is taken too literally . especially when talking about functions , not only preferences , some people tend to think that types really lack their lower functions and only consist of ... indeed , it is hard to deny the existence of consciousness or appeareances , whatever their ' outer reality is ' . but there are lots of critiques of the ' i ' in ' i exist ' . instead of ' i think , i have ... i would say generally mentally flexible , attentive and maybe empathetic people can mimic other people better than those who cannot get out of their specific way of thinking ( which can also be intps ... i n f j actually but very close to inxx my experience of nostalgia is like this : i imagine a past situation and realize how once this was the ' now ' , it was important , it was the center of some people's attention . and this state of ... after some years i suddenly wonder : why do we all concentrate so much on the labels , much more than on the things we want to label ? one can describe in all detail that he has both fe and fi or ... the jungian model , but without claiming that the auxiliary function must have the opposite attitude of the dominant function . and also the pure dichotomy model ( being an own system with no need of ... advice : flee , as long as you can . : crazy : also , i think most definitions of ni and ne are contaminated : they rather describe intuition in combination with j-behavior ( ni ) and ... firstly , i guess developing the thinking preference or function is another thing than developing logical / analytical skills . a thinking preference is not just being good at problem solving and ... depends on whether inductive reasoning only includes conscious linear inference or also the principle itself , which can also be found in sudden ideas and insights . i say this because envisioning ... what strange kind of reasoning compulsively tries to assign every opposite it finds one-on-one to some function opposite ? yes , the use of the word ' abstract ' is very broad in this area . i guess ' looking for meaning in every situation , conversation , and event in my life ' counts as abstract too here , for example . it's ... clockwise at first sight , then it changed . i had to look away to change it back . but connecting this one-on-one to s / n ... god i hate these ideas . what kind of argumentation is this ? wow cool ... yes , there are quite more things or properties and relations of things (= whats ) than persons around the world ... : tongue : i totally agree ... and i guess this overestimate of the auxiliary function has lead to non-existing prototypes ( all introverted types ) and people try to squash into them . the istj stereotype being ... i should add that the definitions of deduction and induction are not definite ... what i wrote was based on the general <-> particular aspect as the defining point of deduction / induction . the ... induction : particular -> general deduction : general -> particular so i think the second example is also a deduction because the conclusion is not a general proposition or rule but it is about a ... in a non-sexual way i am really attracted to enfjs ( or people i consider to be such ) . i just know a few and i highly respect them as inspiring examples for how they just do anything and master their ... here is another dangerous problem of typing people in real life everyone should be aware of : firstly you learn about the mbti model or jungs theory . you learn these new categories and you are ...  one friend of mine must be an intp - 8( strong 9 wing ) . extremly unique person ... very much interested in walking spontaneously around in the night , meeting new people and commanding them . in social ... generally i'm engaged in improving my english . my mother tongue is german . also i know something about persian / farsi and latin language , a little bit about old greek and portuguese ... i am improving ... in school , having a more quiet and concentrated group task , maybe painting something in arts lesson ? if you mean leader in terms of a tactic military officer in a battle or something like that , ... why isn't an enfj a better leader , for instance ? if there is a tendency of better and worse leaders among intuitives , i think enfps may be better leaders in terms of revolutionaries and changers or ... yes , my mother is an isfp and she in fact talks much about what she sees or how something looks like here and now . this is interesting ! i will try to quiz my brother about how exactly he ... my brother is an intj with an enneagram type 1 , or more careful : he certainly would be tested in most mbti tests as intj and in enneagram tests as type 1 . i am very sure that he has less problems ... generally there are too many factors apart from personality type ... but the special attitude towards spirituality might depend on personality features . example : once an istj and an intj are ... my close long-term male friends : esfj - very friendly , kindhearted entp - we share humor and creativeness intp - spontan adventures close friends at now because of school : istj - very loyal , ... '