' do you think we stay single for a lifetime ( or very long periods ) because we look for soulmates rather than partners ? or we resign eventually and settle down with a closest decent person who will ... when you meet a new person what impression does he or she get of you ? are you cold and laid back or lovely and cute ? there is a thing ... maybe two . my mission is to help people and be useful somehow . that's why i learn mostly practical skills to help people in everyday life . but at some point of my life i have ... not a bit . everybody can fool me . if it happens because i try to love people and see their good side i don't know . still i want to change it otherwise anyone can use me . if i had no mood for anyone in the world to be with i still would want be with you i miss shaddie's tenderness i know you will decide right ( when i was about to tell my mum about going to ... ok , it looks like you all really are good at reading souls :D and i am probably not paying enough attention to things around me . i mean - not the right things . usually , i notice an ant carrying a ... hi guys anywhere i read about infj i see how good we are with insights in souls of other people , we know who lies , we make people to tell us their secrets ... i fit in all infj characteristics ... i can agree with intj but i know only one and he seems to be very t , but i feel it there even though . i want to regain my motivation for loving unconditionally from conversation with someone , ... what types do you think see things like us ? do you love unconditionally ? do you put everything in relationship when you love ? what do you get back for it ? is it worth it ? is it something what people want ? or is it just something ... i had tested them all :D i have 4 infj close friends and ... well , we differ from each other vastly , but there is some kind of connection , an unique comprehension of things and people , which point up the other infj from ... i can't imagine date and not being friends while that , however , that click thing is usually obvious from very first contact with someone . if the one is not supposed to be my bff i will stay ... oh yeah , right hand dominant , left leg dominant ( except for iceskating ) , left eye ( actually i can change it when i want :D ) and probably right ear dominant unfortunately , right-handed :-/ i always wanted to be left-handed , unfair ! 32076 my cockatiel :) ... and where do you use your ni the most ? what is the biggest advantage and disadvantage of introverted intuition ? i don't judge people like that ... i always find something too interesting about them ... maybe i'm too clingy which keeps me from judgeing to be or not to be good enough . dunno . the other side of the ... that's it ! i always thought i have to deserve one's affection . it's a parenting thing and now i have to deal with it because i feel that way in every relationship i have . thanks guys :) sometimes i ... are we good enough for our loved ones ? do you feel like you cannot satisfy his / her needs and expectations or challenge him / her enough ? i am afraid to fall in love with entp ( i guess ) who madly ... i'm 21 and currently i live in a very ti nurturing environment but what can i do to help my ti to develop ? any ideas , experiences ? : unsure : this picture made me to think about it . i agree that i am rarely bored , but maybe for my ... you know , as people , partners , friends , companions ... i love all the feelings i have when i see , hear , touch something , it comes exciting to me , but what for the others ? are we boring creatures ... well , now i know what was happening to me last few weeks before i ended my long-term and also long-distance relationship 9 days ago . it explains me a lot since i couldn't find a reason why it wasn't ... well , it is up to me to start :D infj girl was born to poor parents as the youngest child . she didn't need many toys because she was able to play with everything she found . it didn't matter what ... what is in our head ? i think that i have about three or four different lines of events happening at the same time . thinking , perceiving , feeling , sensing everything around or in a made-up world . it ... enneagram doesn't fit me very well , but probably i'm 6 . do you think that it has something to do with my competitiveness ? hey : happy : what is on your mind when you imagine a common infj with its stereotypes , problems , behaviour , preferences ect during his or her life - from early childhood to death . ( kind of toys ... it hurts me ... i am not satisfied with myself anymore and i think i am going wrong way , because i've never felt like this before ... i was competitive , but now i feel bad about it , there is something ... yeah , the problem is that i usually think that i can do it but subsequently i fail and then this feeling comes ... i feel not good enough , incapable and envy i have one older sister ( 31 ) , but in fact she rather tries to compete with me . and according to this thread it seems to me that it isn't an infj thing at all , it looks like it's about me and my ... i feel more like a very envious and jealous person :( yeah , i am trying to do my best , but when i fail , i feel upset about myself . why didn't i do more , wasn't more skilled ... ? i know that statement it's just a game , it's just a game or don't be stupid . wish him / her the best , don't be envy i wonder if it has something to do with our to be always right ... are you competitive ? want to be the best all the time and in every way ? and if is someone even your friend better , are you upset ? i am bad person because it is hard for me to overcome this ... eiddahs king ? i feel that my relationship is an unavoidable part of me and my life . whether i'm dating or not , i am in love all the time . i was thinking what if it is about that feeling of safety or i need someone ... the same problem ... hope is stronger , more dominant in some situations than intuition ... but the optimism is the king , because it changes everything in my point of view . it misleads me ... it can ' ... lol , fantastical vengeance , that's it : laughing : and also divine retribution , i was wondering if it exists in infj because i can feel it somewhere in me , thanks :) yeah , i just think about it , but i don't want to realise , i don't want to harm anyone , but i feel bad about these thoughts i have . hi , i am not sure whether somewhere here already exists a topic of revenge in infj but i wonder ... are you sometimes so angry or offended that you want to revenge ... maybe in small way like a do ... i know one , but i am really not captivated by her :D i like being infj , but it is not satisfying me in this time . a problem is that now i regard my qualities as not good enough for anything . all i ... it sounds like an reflection or deep empathy . why did it start after 4 years of relationship ? . i've never wanted to be the best in everything . : sad : i told you this was gonna happen . it's gonna be fine , relax ... what ? ? ? ! i'm fine . : laughing : hi , i recently realised my unconscious desire to be like my enfp boyfriend and best friend in one person . i wanted to be popular , gifted , better or at least as good as he is in everything ... but i ... i have a good sense of humor but i'm not able to differ if someone is playing it at me or not ... i take it too seriously sometimes . so for me , yes , it is common to take many things too seriously . i was growing up with boys and i had only one girl around my house , so i used play with boys their games . now i appreciate it because i have no problems to understand men ... and yes ! i like when i ... mom estj dad esfj sister estj and i don't fit in there . i have to be adopted :D probably you are right .. maybe i should care about my gender role and its awesomeness :-D i love them . i was growing up between boys . i have only 1 friend-girl . once my older-married-sister said : i have no idea why men and women-so different people - live together in one household ! ! ... '