:( is that literal or figurative ? inquiring minds want to know not bipolar . 5 ' 7 130lbs the dvd is my mother's day gift to my mom . the game is for me i'm wary of you because you're wary of me together we can stand at different sides of the room staring suspiciouly at each other and getting nothing acomplished and you should make me bread , no wait ... nope i don't like that you don't like me but i think you're a snooty stuck up person so i should be ok with that . i might think differently but based on 2 measely interactions you've decided who and ... everytime i get that . i usually end up saying , for me to get pregnant i have to be having sex which i'm not . if i were to have sex i would get on bc , i am not the virgin mary nor am i virgin so the ... here's the thing most people have no clue about others , they think they do and . it's so easy for people to dismiss anyone they perceive as different as evil or whatever . because most of those people ... i don't belong and if i say i don't belong i get labeled as one of those people . but i want to belong but i never will anywhere , and it's not even worth it , its full of oh you want to be special i ... i try to be nice and polite to every strange and everyone who isn't a dick ™ but most people look at me and treat me . like i'm this strange possibly criminal creature , and i'm not doing anything weird ... only been up for a half hour but better than last night so far . when it comes to anyone with any amount of authority real or imaginary . transparency does not exist . and if you believe it does because they have power , you're just as brain washed as the rest ... there's no exclamation point needed . it was a simple statement . but thanks for projecting emotion . its more somber than angry i don't think i have the gene for romantic love i made dinner last night . avocado stuffed with garlic shrimp , italian spinach , french silk pie , i made home made whipped cream , and my mom made a steak food pics slideshow by verynsanedru | ... i've said to much , luckily no one knows anything , a blt on oatmeal bread with goat cheese and mayo on it aswell and assorted fruit ( pineapple , grapes , honey dew , watermelon ) orson scott card - the ender's game anger that no matter what i do or where i go i'll never fit in . and if i say something people will assume that i'm looking for compliments , but i'm not just to belong somewhere . not to be looked down on ... not even edgy , not even geniuine , doesn't believe what he's saying . its poe's law . bacon popcorn lot of things that i can't pinpoint exactly well know i can , wondering if everything people say generally is actually about me . but don't want to tell me . why ? really good , first half of yesterday sucked but the second half i got a 100 on a test , a 95 on a quiz , got in to austin peay , and i'm moving may 8th tapatalk made one for me without my permission i mentioned it in another thread i don't know the user name . i wish this would stop , i changed the settings to do not subscribe and i'm still getting emails also i linked tapatalk to the forum , cuz the forum wasn't working on my phone's web browser , and ... i had a nightmare : i dreamt that the dog someone got stuck in a bottle like a normal 20 oz clear bottle and we could not get her out . and she was freaking out . finally my mom took some scissors and ... i just started twisted by andrew e . kaufman it's a psychological thriller mystery that caught my attention in the first page . hate everyone and everything twist and suck welcome to this forum , enjoy yourself and don't get lost . if you need a map use your phone that's what it's there for . or you know hash out the cash and get a garmin . oh and the random trees , don't ... how was your day ? i don't want to win i just want the person above me to lose nothing personal , i don't know if i know you so i probably don't hate you i once stopped in the middle of the road not near an intersection to let a group of ducks cross the street . then you would hate those days and never get a weekend . what you want is not have to do anything ever but have fun . so crestals = crystals ? maybe if you'd just not read . dude you are holding us back , seriously we need to dumb down society , ugh ok fine do you want to be my tea guy when i over throw the world ? no , it means you still have your brain , so it's good . i wish i could get skype to connect all the infos correct , but its telling me i don't have internet connection , also tiny chat hasn't been working either . essentially i can't video chat :( edit ... check for stitches . making a for tv movie for syfy ? it's bad enough that they steal your blood , but why must they make you so itchy as well ? i end up losing more blood from the scratching . why does it matter that i'm not ? i'm not trying to obtain that state of being . maybe . yeah i wasn't actually scared . my ban is up tommorow now all this shit can go into my blog and not bug others about it . rude just i can translate extermely badly spelled and grammatically incorrect paragraphs , with ease .