' i didn't really like skyward sword because there weren't many places to go to , but at least nintendo finally made an official timeline for all the games from it . fi's tricky to tell since she's ... sweet ! that's pretty cool ! and welcome :) can an infp tell me what's the general differences between an intp and infp ? ( oh , and if any intps are browsing this , tell me too ! ) have any of you mistyped as an intp ? i just found out recently i'm an intj with a very low score on t and j , but a very high score in i and n . ' ello , mate ! and yeaaahhh once you get hooked onto mbti you are hooked for life ! ( or maybe a few months or years or weeks or days ... who knows ... ) buuut if your , ah , crush is an intj , then ... meh . i'm not entirely sure myself , but i guess it's a place to discuss topics , meet new people online , and talk about personality theories , of course . anyway , welcome ! :P yay another infj ^ . ^ ' ello , and welcome ! ^ . ^ infjs are awesome ! i admire you guys . :P sheldon - istj leonard - infp raj - isfj howard - estp amy - intj penny - esfp bernadette - isfj last sentence is so random haha and your obsession with a new theory and random awkwardness are definitely intp traits anyway , welcome ! ! wow ! this really helped me out . i've been in doubt for inxx , and now i know i'm an intp ! thank you ! :p roud : i love fantasy novels because they come up with some pretty interesting and nice sounding names . xd ign isn't a very good reviewer site because i heard they get paid by the company to amp up the ... istjs don't spend a lot of time on the internet i don't think xd but anyway , welcome ! :D welcome orangeyeti wow , you're classy ! i like you already ! : kitteh : i thought i was the only one who was obsessed with classical music and classy things like that xd btw , nice random name ... ' ello littlefinger . an intp / intj here . don't know which one i am yet , and the cognitive functions are confusing , but i'll be sure to get to the bottom of it some day . i can tell from your username ... hi ... ! :D esfj's are so nice and warm and friendly ... the opposite of me ! : laughing : lol ! that's what i thought too , i was like , yo ! don't take his money , lady ! and then i saw she was just rearranging it . i bet the dude would've stopped playing and yell at her if she did try to ... i'd like to play the harp , but then my music teacher told me a horror story where this girl's fingers started bleeding after plucking the strings too much . so my next goal is to become a cellist ! ... classical . i'm currently learning these two , both by beethoven who is my favourite composer ! : kitteh : <3  sounds too ... electric and dupstep-ish / wubstep-ish / computery xd i prefer these types of styles :)  ... haha hi :D intp who acts like an intj at times . ( and sometimes i score it ... ni is the dominant function for me followed by ti and the function i use the least is fi and se in that order ) and then i wish i was ... piano and violin . xd sounds so lame next to rock instruments like the guitar xdd hi ! playing an instrument is a beautiful thing :) welcome ! :D people use astrology for romantic matches sometimes . hi ! :) you sound like an interesting person ... ' cause you remind me of me . xd i wanna go into law school , i've been playing piano & violin since i was 7 , so there's some similarities ! xdd hi :) i annoy people even if i'm not doing anything . now that's how you do passive aggressiveness . xd and yeah , i can see what you mean . i think i might go ahead and change it . sherlock winking is ... definitely not an infp ... but how'd you react if she was an infp ... ? : shocked : i have feelings , too , although most people who know me call me a ' sociopath ' and a ' soulless zombie ' . in some ways , that is true if you observe me from the surface because i do appear emotionless , ... most people just pop in to say hello ! ... there's more interesting things in the forums instead of the introductory section , if you ask me xd what major are you doing ? i don't like how in all the overview intp descriptions that intps love logic , are good at it , and are natural to science and math . i'm more of an artistic person who uses the right-side of my brain ... a lot of those characters are different from each other . and no , i don't think a person's character tells a lot about the individual . it may show what that certain person likes in another , like the ... hi ! :D this pretty much sums up me with no words , just the feeling ... and i play it on the piano ! yeah ! piano <3 and your song lyrics are so poetic ... welcome ! nice name . love that username ! totally gonna remember it . : laughing : lol , conversations with yourself ! smart way to boost your posts . xd anyway , hello ! ^ . ^ and uh ... yeah , just saying welcome ... 5 because of wikipedia when someone says something stupid . can you do cpr on yourself ? ? ? freudian dream interpretation is cool , but sometimes you get the immature students in the class who laugh at how sexual it is . those people are annoying ! ! besides the sexual aspect , yeah , dream ... lucky ! i wish i lived in london . i love that type of weather ! what i find appealing about it is the grey sky . i don't like the colour blue , so naturally i prefer its grey counterpart . a clear blue ... i should delete this but i don't know how to xd how do you become a j ... ? or at least look the part :P my motivation is to get better in school . plus , i'm so indecisive , it's destroying me ! i can relate to this . started chatting to a guy because i found his art technique very interesting , and then my sister , who attended the same school as me at the time , immediately thought i liked him ... your roommate sounds like my sister , who is also an enxj , but it has been confirmed that she's an enfj recently ( she bounces between the two xd ) . enfjs are more harmonious and love to make ... welcome ! like you , i got confused between the p and the j for my intx type . i'm pretty sure i'm an intp now . ( or maybe i'm an intj ? ? ? ) xd what i did to find out what exactly i am was to look at ... i find most of my female peers very superficial and annoying . ( maybe it's because i'm in high school and everyone's talking about prom , and i stand there and say , hey ! let's stop talking and work on ... why are there horoscopes on this ... ? just curious . horoscopes don't mean anything — to me , at least . and if they do mean something , i'm a taurus , and in the intp description , it says to avoid ... yeah , i figured that observation out by checking the number of introductions here . intps , infps and intjs are the most in the introductory section . for youtube videos on mbti , those types are the ... ' ello ! i gave you attention ... sooo bye ! ( but really , with you're contagious enthusiasm , you'll fit right in here ! ) ( look ! i'm using exclamation marks tooo ! xd ) hello ! and welcome . :) that's a cute cat , btw . : kitteh : and intps are abundant here . i have a theory that intps , infps , and intjs take up the mass majority of the internet for wasting-time . haha . '