' as an autodidact , i can say without certainty that education =/ = intelligence . a reasonably intelligent person will be able to educate themselves . i may not be formally educated in much , but i have ... stark struck me as an entj . banner was very infp . loki was an isfp . thor seemed like an enfp to me . captain america definitely istj . black widow istp . nick fury intj . hawkeye estp . ... i definitely agree with this . i usually tested as enneagram - 5 . i felt that this fit me as i am fairly cerebral . with more healing and therapy my true self is much more 8 - like . i think it is more appropriate to judge based on ... incompetency . abuse . disrespect . collectivism . emotional manipulation ( guilt trips , etc ) . people who do not assume responsibility for themselves . people who attempt to make me responsible ... yep , we do . i used to believe i was a feeler ( infj / enfj ) because of it . looking at cognitive functions and realizing that i come at feelings from an entirely analytical / neurological perspective fixed ... best of luck to you either way . it's not for everyone . i watched a lot of people fail out or give up when i was in bct . the associated failure rate can rise or fall depending on your mos . give it a try . if you fail out , then you ... any person who believes that what others think about you is not important ( or does not affect you ) is delusional . the way you've gone about figuring out your type suggests istj to me . i'm sorry i'm not much more help than that . it's hard to express what ni truly means , but most intuitives understand it ... you sound like an istj . they make me very flustered . why is it that you don't argue with your friends but argue at home ? those are the key things that describe your personality . it is not the behavior but the motivation behind it . since i received your pm i came over here to answer . :p roud : your type : entj . your spouse's type : entj . haha . describe the relationship quality : we are both very similar , so we butt heads a ... the most compassionate person i know is my wife , a fellow entj . she would go above and beyond to take care of someone who she felt deserved it . but like a typical entj if she feels you could do it on ... welcome ! people who fail to comprehend what i'm saying . i pace around a lot and gesture too . when i'm working out ideas in my head i'll use my whiteboard and gesture to myself while thinking . idk why exactly . energy , bringing all the pinpoint ideas out ... i love hugs . only from those i trust , though ! unrepentantly pro-capitalist and free-market fundamentalism . i've studied the jcf for a while , and mbti when it came out . what i kinda want to know is how the test could apply to someone who is mentally unhealthy . what do unhealthy types look like ? i am an ... '