' in theory our cognitive functions do grow but that would have more to do with cognitive choices and activities you take on your own to improve those functions . if you consider not reflecting and ... well , i'm not saying i'm ' better ' than anyone else , but i can't say that what the person may or may not be saying is holding my interest either : metaphorically speaking , if a color was akin to a ... in western societies ( well honestly i think in most in general ) it is considered ' odd ' to be too observant or to look a little ' too ' long at someone before you decide to engage them socially . i admit ... this is very paradoxical making it very interesting to pull apart . while i see no reason not to love myself , i tend to express ' tolerance ' towards myself without getting too ' hung up ' on myself . it ... which type of inution do you want to increase ? introverted or extroverted ? that would be a good place to start to streamline and make effective the point of your post . i'm assuming you're speaking ... do any of you intj's often feel the more your intelligence increases the less likely you are to willingly socialize with people ? as an introvert myself , i can say that i'm aware there is a ... hello intj's . as always i question everything around me from the minutiae to the large-scale and relay this back to my intuition to formulate a question that will go on to become a testable ... as always i question everything around me from the minutiae to the large-scale and relay this back to my intuition to formulate a question that will go on to become a testable hypothesis that can ... thanks artspired for starting this thread , i thought i was the only person who went through this ! ! lol i don't think you were being lazy , i think it was just the behavior of your introverted ... 1 . ) what is your favorite word ? mine : ascension-i like the idea of moving past limits , and expanding past them . of rising i suppose so that one day i can know what it is to see and understand ... i was a pot / cigarette-smoking , college-partying , crass-talking , off-beat , semi-cool nerd back in high school : right down to each word ! lol i was such a badass then ! j / k lol it was hard then ... thank fuck ! finally ! a quest or adventure ? ! what infj ( or intuitive type in general ) wouldn't be into that ! ? a chance to diverge from the familiar , start brand new , collecting knowledge ( esoteric and ...  i do look like a jerk even when i smile lol because my eyes are down-turned or i have this apathetic look on my face : if i'm talking to someone about a , and they've managed to move off of the topic ... amen bro ! the facts are sufficient , now let us utilize them creatively to see what can be achieved . the sp's are usually the one's i have the hardest trouble with : they will tell you endlessly about ... showdown ? you mean the game that takes place over the internet in real time ? haha i catch only water / ice types lol we should battle some time ! hmm ... i take a political stance based on the party and the benefits offered by the candidate's platform for myself and consider what their ability to help or hinder the greater populace of the ... i too make xsfp's and sfj's uncomfortable . it's the flat , calm , expressionless face , or what i call resting dick face lol i try to think of things that i think are hilarious in my head to keep ... f * * k right sjwdefener ! ! my game ! ! hey , cao pi kicked considerable enemy ass back in dw6 ! ! i loved that sword dance with that sword he had ... god , talk about raining judgement : that's cao pi : takes no ... i'm an inf / tj and i find it hard to find other gay inxx and enxx's . it's alot of es types and they don't hold my interest for long , they lack depth , and as soon as you turn on the ' heat ' with them ... i don't know if anyone is familiar with freudian structures of the psyche , but i've been thinking : human thought is fallible , and by that notion : 1 . ) what if freud's theory of the structures of ... is there anything that exists in creation that with our current level of reasoning that we can know of in absolute certainty rather than relative certainty ? will the sun indeed rise tomorrow ? ... you didn't lie daveman ! lol if i had a nickel for every time after i was forced to go to church on a sunday to hear the pastor preach and condemn others about solidarity and fidelity ( and their lack ... you are from pluto you are a dark , mysterious soul , full of magic and the secrets of the universe . you can get the scoop on anything , but you keep your own secrets locked ... lol as funny as it is dr . miller 100 , i have to say that the greatest failing of the ent's is over-confidence in their intelligence in their chosen fields : you excel most often in many fields of ... i shouldn't knock you over at all ... i appreciate your comment , but when the consequences of not developing your intuition are so high you don't have a choice but to develop it ... it was potentially ... lol maybe i should've said ' from my personal experience it's easy to identify one ' i assumed that that nuance would be picked up , but it seems assuming ( as usual ) , caused me to get it wrong . so for ... when you say that brittauzenne , i think i get it : is it like ' i've met this personality pattern / expression before ... ? ' i experience that alot , along with deja vu in general like i've been a certain ... it's fairly easy to spot a sociopath : they are excessively shallow , will absolutely not offer any real opinion of themselves , ( and conversely try to leech your deepest thoughts and feelings ) while ... thanks , i mean it ! i mean , it's not like i'm bragging i swear . i was doing this to share my infj perspective with being in the armed service and i was wondering if there's anymore of us out there ? i ... thanks aizar . this wasn't at all about me bragging , looking for pity , or anything like that ... i'm genuinely nervous , and expressing my perspective as an infj navy seal-candidate that's all . in all ... clearly , you're disillusioned by something , i don't know what screwed you mind to the point that you think that i drank the koolaide , but i'll let that go , because i made it abundantly clear that i ... hey infjs . it's astralsoldier here . i want to talk to you guys , about a fairly ' new exciting and slightly unsettling ' change of events in my life . when i selected my screen name on here , i had no ... lol my parents used to notice that about me as well , but they also know that i'm capable of both listening and idling on the border too . i'm a problem solver by nature , so i tend to idle just abit ... well , at least in terms of other person's behavior and affect , ( often times in terms of their deeper innermost feelings revealed through their body language , posturing , tone of voice etc . ) i feel ... first off , working in genetics ( i'm assuming this is gene therapy perhaps or engineering ? :) ) is a very cool job , one that i'm going back to school for myself . in terms of your approach , ( at least ... cool dlila ! so your immediate / desired environment and how it engages your senses is what allows you to share it , so there's more of a ' merging ' type of experience with your environment ? or do you ... so there is a form of things that should retain homeostasis / balance / status quo ? even at the expense of progress ? i mean , i can guess that this refers to time-honored traditions ( i mean if it's not ... i'm not sure i ever an intj lady in real life , ( i have talked to a few of them on various other social media websites including youtube ) i mean , i'm pretty sure i'd know it if i did , because i pay ... i was making the post for the questions that i asked in the post . i didn't see the point of combing through other posts that weren't answering questions that i wanted answers for . [ / quote ] ... this is somewhat hard because lately i've been evaluating what is real / attainable from a mate vs . what i personally desire / require to be had in a mate , but here are the traits i look for : ... hey estps ! i looked at my posting progress noticing that there were several forums that i hadn't posted in or created a thread yet , and with that , i noticed an opportunity to post to you guys in ... hey isfps ! i looked at my posting progress noticing that there were several forums that i hadn't posted in or created a thread yet , and with that , i noticed an opportunity to post to you guys in ... hey istps ! i looked at my posting progress noticing that there were several forums that i hadn't posted in or created a thread yet , and with that , i noticed an opportunity to post to you guys in an ... well , considering i don't know many istj's ( or at least am aware of istj's in my life ) i would have to say among redeemable traits in a person that strong morals / principles , a broad-minded and ... hey estjs ! i looked at my posting progress noticing that there were several forums that i hadn't posted in or created a thread yet , and with that , i noticed an opportunity to post to you guys in an ... hey esfjs ! i looked at my posting progress noticing that there were several forums that i hadn't posted in or created a thread yet , and with that , i noticed an opportunity to post to you guys in an ... i suppose as a result of my upbringing , i'm not comfortable with people saying things compassionately to my circumstances ... lol if nothing else , i'm not suffering for it . i'm plenty secure in my ... so what does happiness look like ? i think that anyone that actually delves deeply into their work ( even if enduring the slings and arrows of such work ) is happy . a smile isn't always necessary if at ... '