 k , that was too irresistible .. :) lol rofl rly wtf ppl ^ ^ we are lazy , too . i guess u have to do that yourself :) but i have a new question for the entps / willsgotbeer . what's the most stupid question u have ever heard ? ( excluding this one ) to make it short : i can relate . it got ' healthier ' in my late teens / early twenties . don't take everything so literally . i think ' you are too nice ' was just a nice way of saying ' you don't understand ' . keep on being as nice as you can ! niggard ! i don't like science , i love it . all of it , if it's true science . actually i think she doesn't sound weird ! she is right . it's ok , so don't worry , be happy . and eat this :) in this song god is a metaphor , it ... i usually just make people laugh and forget . distraction is my preferred method . in addition you can tell her she is great and everything is fine . works with all types . and it should work very well ... best book i ever read ( no kidding ) . but 42 is wrong ^ ^ it does ? i think it's because i can't express myself too well in english and i'm lazy too . he's travelling around in new zealand . he is working occassionally ( different jobs ) , or just enjoying ... at first i was like ' the fuck you doin ' here ' , but then i thought ' well , he said it . ' and your right johnny , your talents you posted once sounded pretty estp . no wonder you like creepin ' here . i ... ! ! ! 1 ! 1 it's a fucking long time ago , but i remember i was 17 when i came to the same conclusion . i still believe the ' main part ' of the ' meaning of life ' is to experience life your unique way . ... wow , easy please ^ ^ . i think you know that i didn't want to offend you . yes absolutely , captain obvious . i have a feeling this is turning into something offtopic . i couldn't decide , too . procrastinated the decision . in the end it was like throwing a dart on the option-board . i ended up as engineer and regret nothing . this seems to be a good advice ... the three instrumental albums is was listening the most in 2014 . hopefully at least emwuzx appreciates this . and thanks again for reminding me of deadringer , listened to it quite a few times in the ... wow , the thread is great . nice move , asshole . it still hurts . after the first page i didn't expect this to get better , but it did . the apathetic enthusiast ... ahaha . i love you wise big kids . i think i said this before . entps usually cannot hate , because usually we don't care enough to hate . this still deserves an unfunny answer : falco peregrinus because can grab nice chicks on ... this . and i don't like it that i often can't enjoy time travel stories . in general i like science fiction ( and fantasy ) . i'm not even joking : thanks for the videos , very interesting . indeed . jack of many trades and master of few sounds about right , too - but i guess it just doesn't have the same ring to it . and if talent = fast learning and if entps do learn much faster ... 1 . i'm pretty sure that this is not want i wanted to do in the first place . but after reading this i want to confess . 2 . are sure ? : cool : please feel free to send me your #number , girl : wink : . but ... haha , is this an entp thing ? ^ ^ a deck building game ( hearthstone ) indirectly brought me to mbti . true story . i just read this , and thought ' fuck , my first joke really may be of target ' . that's what i meant with being and idiot . ^ ^ but you answered you are quite adept there , so i hope it's ok lol . and ... dude , stop whining , everybody got problems . kidding ofc . keep on ranting , i like stylish ranting ^ ^ i think your post is interesting , i don't know much about asperger . and i like the flavor of ... back 2 topic : i wonder how much of some skills is actual natural talent and how much is training . most skills have to be at least combination of both , especially if you learn the skills at an ... i'll take ' em all . ein ja ! für nein . ( yes ) my ne needed less than a second to tell me that your friend is right . edit : the example would be more challenging , if you could ' beam ' people like in star trek , and clone people that way . but i ... one more comment : lonewaer funny theory , thin , but i think it's entertaining . and you are right , i mostly play mages , and if not , i play tanks ! ( bradwarden also is a ' tank ' in dota ) oh , a thread about games and theories - two of my passions - i just had to look that up . ^ ^ i wanna response this post the most first paragraph : you're right with the statement :) and you ... american solutions ^ ^ maybe both ? but it's kinda sad if you have to tell people that you shouldn't rape . that's like telling people they shouldn't kill . everybody just has to know that . jenko i bet you are glad that you are unique again , haha . btw : point 3 and point 6 is what everybody is doing all the time anyway . so you can mark that off your list . ( and don't stop doin it ) danke , wunderbar , das zieh ' ich mir doch glatt mal rein . :) nur war einer der hauptgründe mich hier anzumelden , mein englisch zu verbessern . jetzt werde ich sofort wieder faul . na danke :( let's try this : not only am i perfect , i'm entp , male , german and an electronics engineer , too . o . o no , that's not what i meant , and i'm very sure that psyphon isn't ignorant , too . he said nobody said it's too long ago to matter or anything of that sort ! it must be very ... 1 . i had to google what that is . and no , i don't have one . never even thought about it . in all points i'm pretty close to polemic's first post . 2 . it's much more important what people think while ... so maybe we shouldn't give it more attention , as we ( usually ) don't have enough information to judge anyone . so we should just give him the benefit of the doubt and mind ur own business . but i ... i don't know the cosby case , but there was a similar case in germany that ended just this week . a 73 years old comedian was accused of rape . for me it's absolutely clear that he didn't do it , and ... do i still have internet access in that room ? anyway , i would play games , play music , read , play more games while listening to more music and only stop for basic needs like the occasional fapparino . hilarious inventive lazy entp incoming . nono . you can only hate if you care . strikingly original is a way to describe it i guess . btw : i really like that loathe track i posted ( some pages ago ) . the video also cracks me up . but high-pitched creams and monotony , lack of ... oh wow , i wasn't ready for that . ^ ^ derange at 170 : you dig that ? or do you just want to annoy people ? ^ ^ very nice . thanks , i really like that . free the robots ! hm ... too many options in my head now .. hard decisions .. ok .. guru just decided to ... it's time for some electro-swing ! edit : actually i saw them / him live in munich , that was fun =) emwuzx keep on playin something jazzy ! yeah , sometimes amusing , sometimes annoying . and i'm not even from america . it's like watching the concept of marriage makes me laugh sometimes . is that bad ?