' i'm weird with respect to longevity of relationships as i test out 50/50 f and t ... unlike most infps , when the relationship isn't working , i cut my losses and run . also , after two divorces and ... itchy , scratchy tags in clothing make me nuts . whatever , good luck . public area of their shared space , not the dorm , silly ! actually , my error , i was under the impression that they at least had separate bedroom doors . the fact that their beds are in the same room ... why would i be kidding ? this person is emotionally abusing calvaire . she is being assaulted in the one place that should be safe for her.this is beyond insensitivity on the roomie's part . if she ... start a new photo essay project . take a picture of each ' customer ' ( or just a picture of that side of the room with them in it ) and put the print on the wall with the date and time scribbled in red ... just close your eyes , throw out your arms and take a big step ! join a band self-publish your songs start a new music project reflecting the ' renewal ' you're experiencing now . well , your older brother should be stepping up to the plate himself . and in this century there is no excuse for never having had a job . if only to be prepared for what happened in your case ( loss of ... : no , you're not useless ! you are aware of the problem and you are doing what you can to help the situation . that's all you can be expected to do , and much more than many others in your ... i drew a self portrait of myself in my late teens - it had all my ( self perceived ) worst physical traits emphasized , and a huge wind up key coming out of the back of my head . one of the signposts of infp is that we are focused on developing ourselves as individuals . that , to me , is the primary reason that you won't find many older infps who ' got it right the first time ' , ... like orangeappled , most of my hobbies also center on the arts : when i was younger ( up to my 30 ' s ) , i read a lot of escapist scifi and fantasy , some biography and autobiography . collected craft ... omg that's funny ! why do scotsmen wear kilts ? a sheep can hear a zipper at 50 yards ... it's like someone punched me in the chest and knocked the breath out of me . i deal in 2d and 3d art . i want to express this somehow but i think it would take me forever - or several canvases / pieces . ... you have hit upon the core difference between men and women . the classic quote is that ' men marry women hoping that they won't change and women marry men hoping that they will . ' milky way is correct for the most part . but i like fantasy for the interpersonal bits , there's always more character development in the fantasy genre . the scifi that i prefer is also of the ' drop ... i just don't talk on the phone that much . what i hate is you youngun's who will text me freakin war and peace . after the third text in the same conversation i call ' em . three consecutive texts get's ... i used to work as a cocktail waitress and collected an impressive variety of ' bar jokes ' . now i can't tell 3/4 of them because you gotta be pc . the raunchy ones i can mostly still tell though , so ... yay azure bass ! goody for chicken tikka too ! low self esteem . super harsh self criticism . plus , i was never athletic , originally tall and gangly with skinny legs and arms . once i filled out i got too much attention - more than i could handle , ... it might be worth it to take it to a geek squad type place . they can often pull a lot of info . but it usually costs about $ 500 to $ 1,000 ... but then , what's your past worth to you ? i did poorly in grade school until they figured out i needed glasses , then went from c-d-f student to a-b . classic case of she does well on tests but doesn't pay attention in class ! i'm old enough ... i chameleoned so well that i tested first as an enfp , then as an entp - neither of which helped any , and finally as an intp . finally came to realize that i was taking the tests at work , and intp is ... how can one family member's life be worthless ? yes , he's been a pain in the ass all his life , but guess what ? i finally got him to go to a doctor and he's bi-polar . of course he's been a pain in the ... i am the one who desperately doesn't want to die alone , but figures it'll happen anyway since that's how most of my life has been . i'm the one who cried at the dead bluebird that hit my windshield ... read the freakin list ! * oops ! my intp alter-ego got out , sorry ! * is my life richer in many ways for having lived it as an infp ? yes . would i have been happier as another type ? yes . would i be another type if i had the chance ? you know you're an infp when ... you decide to take a break from physical relationships for a while and suddenly 15 years have gone by and you find you're doing quite well with just friends , family and ... as long as the socially unacceptable bits are covered properly , i don't really care about the rest , though i do retire pieces that get stained or holes . hello all ! you know you're an infp when ... you send out an email with a funny video and you get an email back that you offended someone with it and instantly send them an email back apologizing , ... '