' fi-ne 496 : shocked : seems to be , yes . ti i have no idea what they're saying so based on tone / music alone . exfp they were a bit unexpected but i love them so ^ . ^ been at home resting although i didn't realize they were being filmed : o aren't they the most adorbs babies ever ? ❤ ty ^ . ^ ❤ ban ax . i just go with what i feel is right most times or if someone i feel knows more than me on whatever the subject is . i could find new facts that i've read too but it all depends on what the opinion is ... 1 ) when i like a post :P or if someone said something to me and there's nothing really to respond to but i still want them to know i read it . 2 ) i don't really make threads on here . i just like when ... indeed waves ^ . ^ intp 9w8 i can only think of 926 reasons : sad : and yes . xnfj steel . enfp 9w8 infj dears go to settings then where it says edit profile . it'll show you the option there . esfj 6 enfj i have to be honest with myself here and say i would stay in the room . unless i was in danger of this man and i had to fight for my life . i mean this room could be nice and you didn't say i couldn't ... 1 : what do you do for fun ? how's your sense of humor ? music , movies , shows , chatting , daydreaming , games . most kinds are ok with me except toilet humor but usually deadpan , memes and inside ... enfp 4w3 infp 4w5 intp 8 amass from what i know of them yes , i do think so . as mentioned , harry repairs his old wand etc . and then he puts the elder wand back with dumbledore in his tomb . i think the book did it best . personally , i'm not sure what i would've done ... hot cocoa ^ . ^ swimming with sharks or swimming with dolphins ? stems . in the book he doesn't break it , he just does in the film . rouse . races . yes :) state . i relate to both esfp & isfp but i would say isfp overall with a little infp thrown in there . poker . coke or pepsi ? notes . swoon . jt's song . dancing or singing ? roses . ozone . princess bride . the desert or ice caves ? i'd rather visit a place like that but a fish is an interesting idea . thanks :) will consider . infj 5 teddy . '