' i do have problems with that , yes , although now i started driving , it's getting better . still , i didn't know some roads i've done thousands of times when i was little , like to my grandma and stuff ... jazeker , uzelf ? there seem to be more belgian people on here than i thought , as far as i know we're with 3 now . hooray . meh to drugs , meh to raves , meh to everything . gegroet mede-vlaming . made a pc-profile just for minecraft , i like your dedication , welcome . because of the smart advertising now i have seen some that offered some server-rentings , i think max . 20 $ / month or something ... sleeve of wizard sorry , i should've quoted the full messages , but i don't like the mess it makes . the tekkit software sounds very interesting , i should try that one time . akaruirain you could ... brings alot of new possibilities with it , wich i like , it's turning more into a rpg now too with the new economy and villagers who trade etc . in 1.3 . as for the server , a spare computer does the ... btw , for the people who don't want to pay , there are ways to have a ' hacked ' account to play online , i don't know as i've never needed it , but google might provide a solution if you're interested . i have a bukkit server that i run now and then for me and a couple of friends , currently working on a medieval-ish world with castles and gates ( automatic : cool :) and little houses and all that stuff , ... now i'm reading the hunger games trilogy ( slowpoke , i know ) and the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy trilogy of 5 books . i'm enjoying them both , the humour of douglas adams ( hitchhiker's guide ) is ... i do like to wear leather shoes and all that , but i totally hate the sight of gold and diamonds , i don't see the appeal . i do have a thing for nice mechanical watches though ... first i was diagnosed with add , and i had to take relatine , but it had a reverse effect . then i was diagnosed with aspergers . while it officially says i'm an aspie , i don't feel like i'm a textbook ... 26 , no idea of my enneagram . i hate light blue and those tones , my favourite colour is now green , somewhat dark green . and grey . you seriously need a girlfriend yo circuit simulator applet great applet to make circuits and simulate , with oscillators and that stuff . atleast i found it interesting . : rolleyes : isn't the answer obvious ? or is this just an interactive venting thread ? which in that case , my condolences . i'm definitely as hilarious as glados ... yeah ... i'm still attending high school ( * sigh * ) , now i have to study french and geography for tomorrow , and there's still dutch ( native language ) , english , religion , physics , math and chemistry down the ... i am supposed to study for the finals , i'll see how well that turns out ... i'm 18 and still have to learn quite many things , but i learned that instead of trying to be likeable to everyone , stop giving a damn fuck is easier , and more people actually like you . go ahead , give it a try if you will . d7ark7 intp's my life fo ' sho yo to me poker is all about trying to remember the values of the colours of the chips ... i don't play poker that much , but when i'm bluffing , and someone keeps calling / raising and i know the ... west-flanders , belgium why are my favourites not posted yet ? now i have to do it myself ! booo shall be for another time . fuck u200b10 char since when does the earth go in a circular motion around the sun ? date me up scotty . yes 10char look at this thread going ! gt : d7ark7 games : only minecraft and battlefield 3 at the moment . similar thread where i copied my picture from : ... i know , but you mentioned not feeling as such when taking a test in school , a moment to proof intelligence / knowledge , excuse me if i'm wrong , as the school system in belgium is completely different ... 2 xboxes , why not ... ( note to oneself and others : start thread to exchange gamer tags to play together ) . i might post a picture later . or is it a fluctuation of the dunning-kruger effect ? ! food for thought . and to answer your question , yes , but it's only a feeling , unfortunately . a - , wouldn't a poll be appropriate ? that experience has yet to come . ooo : cool : no , it depends how much effort i put in it and if i knew i did bad it doesn't shock me as much . if it is something i'm not interested in ( such as ... endorphin . i don't shop a lot , but when i do , i make a mental list with all the things i should buy , think where they are located , and then end it as quick as possible . i do have to confess i sometimes like to ... ' your clothes always match . ' ' you never seem tired . ' now you left everyone curious . water , grey earl tea , apple juice , beers like jupiler , omer , duvel ( belgian beers : cool :) when i'm out ( rarely ) . which i appreciate . those jokes are getting vintage , they'd better save them for my funeral . you can make one if you really can't help it . : rolleyes : kenny means ' beautiful ' and ' born from fire ' . sounds about right . i too prefer night , except everything becomes 5 times louder . c-c-c-c-combo breaker . i hate dubstep . aspie here , or so i'm told . i wish i would've been born 5 months later , that way i had fully developed limbs . but all hilarious , muscle-cramping jokes aside , i do wish i lived in the ' 50 ' s . qingdom , you're quite generous on your thanks here aren't you ? what a thankslut you are . : rolleyes : hmm , it's hard to just choose one isn't it ? choosing an avatar is always mind-boggling . and i'll take yours . '