recently i received an email from my former roommate and friend who i met when i lived in el salvador . i was glad to hear from him as we had not spoken in several years . i regret that we lost ... i considered talking to a counselor in college , but i didn't . i think that was a mistake . they may not have been able to help me , but i believe it would have been worth at least trying . i wasn't much of a teacher . but that school wasn't the right place for me . nor did i have the proper mindset . perhaps in a different environment things would have worked out otherwise . i wouldn't call noah's behavior psychopathic . i think it was a realistic portrayal of what he could be like under the circumstances . while i don't consider it a great movie , i did enjoy it . as far as ... i enjoyed the miniseries and first season of the new battlestar galactica . in my opinion the show starts to drag from the second year . i have not seen the original . with difficulty , i watched a ... narcissus and goldmund - hermann hesse ( this may be my absolute favorite book . the relationship and contrast between the two main characters reminded me of a friend and myself . i only hope that we ... as i mentioned in another thread i believe the situation within classical music will have to get worse , perhaps much worse , before any legitimate action is taken to address its problems . talking ... gore vidal is well known for his historical fiction . julian about the roman emperor julian and creation about a persian ambassador are both very good . i wish he had set more books in the ancient ... i'm becoming increasingly fascinated with ancient egypt and its religion . the best book by far that i've read on egypt is serpent in the sky by john anthony west . there's also an 8 episode ... here are two recent interviews of peter joseph , coming from both a left and right wing perspective . that these interviews are not antagonistic and show a real desire to understand the issues and ... pepe romero manuel barrueco if anything for me the process has been the reverse . like most my original exposure to classical music was primarily through the 19th century , romantic era repertoire , which i used to enjoy much more ... some classical guitar federico moreno torroba - suite castellana mauricio carrilho - suite for guitar and orchestra ( part 1 ) i believe there may soon be a separation of the wheat from the chaff . the capitalist system and the value system it is based upon is collapsing and it is going to take a lot of people with it . when ... there are of course good ' christian ' movies , but not of the american evangelical / fundamentalist variety . this brand of christianity doesn't really have an intellectual or artistic tradition , nor does ... island - aldous huxley zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance / lila an inquiry into morals - robert pirsig creation - gore vidal narcissus and goldmund - hermann hesse all quiet on the western ... sean o'boyle - didgeridoo concerto eduardo falu - suite argentina richard harvey - the plague and the moonflower 1 - prologue 2 - intrada island by aldous huxley creation by gore vidal the moon is a harsh mistress by robert heinlein serpent in the sky by john anthony west why america failed by morris berman fazil say - istanbul symphony i also recommend zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance as well as its sequel lila . i'd be very surprised if these turn out any worse than the prequels . disney can't ruin star wars . george lucas has already done that . i'm cautiously optimistic , as there will at least be new ... richard galliano opale concerto the people in my signature are ralph nader , george carlin , alan watts , and graham hancock . all have been inspirations to me and very important in the development of my thinking . snow leopard infinite growth is the ideology of capitalist economy . to change the infinite growth model is to change the ideology . earlier in the thread there was some discussion of more ... i have not read any of those , but i would like to read one flew over the cuckoos nest as i liked the movie . i'm currently reading the spiritual gift of madness : the failure of psychiatry and the ... unfortunately the situation within classical music will probably have to get much worse before any significant changes are made . but that seems to be true of many things . snow leopard that's a good point about overpaid managers and conductors . that's something that definitely needs to change . and it's true that simply playing more glass , or adams , or reich is ... alyosha greg sandow has probably written more than anyone about the troubled situation classical music is in , and what changes need to made . i don't agree with all of his views , but i appreciate ... alyosha certainly classical music is more accessible now , which makes its almost total cultural irrelevance all the more remarkable . of course people can attend a concert if they want to . but ... alyosha classical music , especially new classical , far from just glass , has a very low cultural relevance . for quite some time there has been talk about the ' death ' of classical music . death is ... in my threads about contemporary classical music , the composer philip glass has twice been singled out for criticism . this is not unusual , as he's also criticized elsewhere . i doubt those who ... niamh_chinn_oir brave new world is an excellent book , but i think it's unfortunate that it overshadows the rest of his work . island , in my view , is a far more important book than bnw . bnw gives a ... infpblog society may tolerate alternative values as long as those values don't pose a threat to the existence of the current system , that is the widespread acceptance of the values encouraged by ... infpblog the values of a society are not neutral . some values , insights , or types of wisdom are encouraged and some are not . ' wisdom ' that says get a good job , make money , and buy nice things ... infpblog i'm not so sure that people value air . if we did , i don't think we'd be so tolerant of pollution . now if pollution were to reach a certain point where air did become a scarcity , then we'd ... intentional communities - ecovillages , communes , cohousing , coops living in a commune is something i've considered for a long time , and i plan to stay at one at least temporarily in the near future . garbage warrior is a good documentary . some lesser known 20th century violin concertos .  ... the 2003 film the corporation shows how corporations if judged by the same standards as human beings would be considered psychopaths . corporations are the dominant force in contemporary society , and ... while there may be some overlap with the information covered , moving forward and thrive are quite different in their proposed solutions to today's problems . organ and orchestra  i mostly read non fiction . context seems to matter in what i read . i recently took a trip to canada and read creation by gore vidal , narcissus and goldmund by hermann hesse , stranger in a strange ... snow leopard yes , that's absolutely true that the classical world is separated from contemporary classical composition . that needs to be corrected if classical music is to get out of its current ... have not heard the music of paul lansky previously . it was interesting , though probably not something i would seek out . exactly defining what classical is or isn't can be difficult , but i don't ... i have no doubt that classical music has some future . people will continue to attend symphonies and operas , and listen to recordings . classical music will not die , but that doesn't mean it is really ... souled in there's no need to apologize , and i appreciate your point . there is probably a degree of defensiveness on my part , because i do not like to be ridiculed or mocked . however , at times ...