' if you want to try more natural ways to overcome depression you should look into niacin supplementation ( vitamin b - 3 ) . i walk to places i'm going a lot and it gives me time to think . during this time i often talk out loud or randomly laugh at what i'm thinking about . i have definitely got a few strange looks but it ... i just remember feeling extremely guilty all the time for anything bad i did and even stuff i had no control over . i was therefor the kid who never did anything stupid or wrong because i knew i ... i read about a study that was started in the late 80s where they took four month old babies and exposed them to different sorts of external stimuli , noises and smells and whatnot . 20 % of the babies ... fish and other creatures when i'm swimming in a lake / ocean . spiders crossing into my personal space . having no friends and no social life as i get older . getting fat . mayonnaise grosses me out . i will get ten mosquito bites before anyone else in the room gets one . at work i sometimes get the urge to punch people in the face ( or kick children ) . i didn't learn ... i think my childhood was pretty decent from what i remember ( which isn't too much ) . i always had friends , not a lot , but a couple close ones both at school and at home . i grew up in working class so ... richard definitely explained life circumstances that can greatly add to my likelihood of being happy . however , i have recently come to the conclusion that i can make myself content , if not happy , ... i personally love flowers and gardening and i have at least ten potted plants throughout my apartment . i'm always looking to get more , possibly an indoor herb garden needs to get started .  ... i actually really like grocery shopping when the stores aren't too busy . when i'm living on my own i usually go a couple times a week so i can get fresh produce and so i don't have to carry a lot ... 24 % wow , pretty low , im impressed . i think its low because some of the statements were too definitive . do i believe most popular artists are talentless hacks , yes , all , no . most of the statements ... i don't lie anymore , but when i was growing up i used to lie a lot . i always knew i was different so i would lie about things to fit in better . i think for a while i was a habitual liar even when ... i'm canadian and i absolutely hate when spell check tells me i've spelled something wrong because i spell it the canadian / british way . it automatically goes to the american spelling for some words ... i had 2 iguanas when i was growing up but we didn't get them under normal circumstances . my mother is an animal lover ( and doesn't discriminate based on cuteness ) and her friend told her about this ... currently obsessed with finishing a 1001 books you must read before you die list , but i fear it will take awhile and i'll lose interest . it's already tapering off into a im ... i receive chocolate from family members and am happy . thank you organized religion , for i dearly love chocolate . well it definitely felt like an illness . especially when i abhor those characteristics in others . i became clingy for about 2 months one time but it's not my fault . when i started using birth control pills i changed into a completely different person then i am . i cried like every other day , i ... i am definitely not androgynous whatsoever . i have long hair and a little too much t'n'a to be considered anything but feminine . i actually like the androgynous look on girls , short hair and ... i wouldn't consider myself a hard worker but i hate being bad at something so i learn it pretty quick which i guess could be construed as hard working . no matter how many i've seen this always remains my favorite . willie smits restores a rainforest | video on ted.com my advice for intp's who suck dating is to make more friends of the opposite sex because a couple of them are bound to crush on you . you are already comfortable with them and it's cool to start ... my sister , a fellow intp , once told me she wants me to have kids so she can be the single , childless , funky aunt that brings them cool presents but doesn't have to change diapers and do the gross ... how to be idle by tom hodgkinson was enjoyable . kind of a justification for slowing down and enjoying life , not that intp's have a problem with that . i'm actually the opposite . i have no reason to be suspicious or distrusting of people that i have just met or people that i am in a relationship with because they have done nothing to make me feel ... i usually stick with fiction but i make a point of reading non-fiction in between all the fiction books . some interesting ones for me were : global ethics-kimberly hutchings european universalism : ... ... age : 23 gender : female current relationship status : single number of gf / bf's you've had officially : 2 number of casual relationships : 10 to 15 depending on your definition of casual my sister and i are both intp and we get along great . it seems to me people are always doubting that an intp / intp friendship or relationship could work . the conversations you have with other intps ... yes i would and i have considered it before . i'm currently a vegetarian that eats no animal flesh ( cause apparently some vegetarians eat chicken or fish ) and have considered going vegan . for the ... i wish my name was more original however other then it being somewhat popular , it is at least a nice name . my last name is a different story , it looks common-ish but when you get around to saying ... this video makes me sad about the future of humanity , and that north american authorities are encouraging these beliefs and the actions that are happening with the occupation of gaza . people don't ... good job of using an overused quote in your signature . i've given it some thought and i guess i'm comfortable posting a fuzzy webcam picture of myself , haha . 30073 so i don't know if this is an intp thing or a personal thing but i tend to over-think everything and imagine stuff worse then it really is . like for instance , i had to call my old boss to ask for a ... i'm the oldest but my younger sister is also intp . confession : i cant stop listening to / watching kpop music videos . yes , i'm embarrassed . my fav so far , boyfriend by ... boyfriend . youtube it and you will know my shame . i have a job interview today hdgyfvebcwkhdns ! i hate that i have to get a job , around people , to live and stuff . she probably pays the least attention to you because she knows you the least . as an intp i can tell you that it takes awhile to warm up to people , and just because you are hanging out with mutual ... don't worry , in a few years you'll look back at the situation and laugh ... i do . my thoughts ... the first time is uncomfortable and awkward anyway so you might as well get it over with . it will probably be just as strange with somebody you really like so you might as well get ... my sister is also an intp and we get along great so i guess other intps would be ideal . my best friend of 15 years is an ensj and we get along great . i think it really depends on the individual ... the outside smell that lingers on my cat . the first bite of fresh bread and butter . the sound of a pop can opening . walking outside when it is about to rain / storm . the smell after you blow out ... i think as an intp , even if we wanted to off ourselves , we'd soon lose interest and find something else to do . stupid remarks are productive , as that is what most of my life consists of ( and ... better not thank your post and encourage anything ... speak for yourself , i think we'd make great partners . we're not clingy and needy and we give people space . all good things on the relationship front . plus , we'd keep you informed on the latest ... pedagogy of the oppressed - paulo freire for a summary pedagogy of the oppressed by paulo freire - an analysis | democracy and governance ishmael - daniel quinn the story of b - daniel quinn - i ... yes , i do this all the time . i'll even have little conversations with myself in my head then smile or laugh out loud and people look at me like i'm nuts . they're like what's so funny ? and then i ... i don't think i would want virgins ... too much training involved . '