i logged on today with the intent of exploring self-defeating tendencies . my own as well as others experience . hoping for a little support , direction or inspiration ... at the very lest a venting ... so wish i had a set of those magic bracelets and golden lasso ! : blushed : : unsure : hmmm maybe start actively living a life ; to me , your post sounds as though you go through it all quite passively ; believing things happen to you rather than resulting from any action you ... excellent point ! which leads me to wonder ... why is kindness often mistaken for weakness ? perhaps the random act could be less directed ... holding open a door , smiling at a sour puss , picking up a piece of litter , leaving a flower on a friend's car . only you know your intent . what do you carry in your heart ? pssst ... if she beats you to the random punch , why don't you throw in a special treat with the lettuce and milk ? a note , a picture , a chocolate bar , an avocado , a candle , a big randomly senseless ... i would imagine , then , you are already inspiring others to pick up the torch , so to say ! keep on shining ! lol ! nick lowe sang all about it ! thats because that pashmnina scarf was yummy ! hopefully it will inspire you to senseless acts of beauty ! lol surprise ! it ? s random acts of kindness week - tonic so , will you actively attempt to manifest a kinder world ? some of us do every day , some of us resent being told when and what to do; others ... kept 81213 you provided such wonderful insight , which is very much appreciated . your shared experiences really connected me to some of the issues i have been tossing around in my mind . the pacing ... so , i'm an openminded carefree ( for the most part ) enfp spirit who happens to trip across the path of an offduty estj swat cop who sweeps me off my feet . ( with his hand on the small of my back ) two ... i would be interested in reading this if you don't mind digging ... i totally agree with both of you ! and yes , having a nice buffer of good times and good vibes is certainly a shield . i often start with a generalized statement , while having a more specific ... you are a genius ! i had no real curiosity about the dots , although immediately knew what you referred to . i clicked and viola ! * mmmwwwaaahhh * big kiss on the cheek for you ; i promise i didn't ... have you ever felt someone just sucking the life right out of you ? i have , more times than i think is ok ! admittedly , it is usually partly my fault . i love to throw myself out there and feel ! so , ... i am tenacious and genuine . i will let you know if you have sadly mistaken my kindness for weakness ; and you will be better for it . i make the perfect dirty martini . i just saw your climate controlled beer vault , etg , on youtube . way cool ! i love it when questions bring more questions ! i was terribly confused by tropical zodiac ... and non western zodiac , so i hit the interpoop and did some reading . granted , what i will share ... bingo ! that is where i am leading . thanks for the feedback ! my peanut butter can always use some jelly :) i do struggle with order .. both in feeling the need to put things in place ... and feeling confined when there is too much structure . so , i ... keep exploring and enjoy yourself ! right on geodude ! : cool : i totally agree that astrology is far more than sun sign , but i was going with the keep it simple stupid mind set figuring i could discern more information as time rolls on . by investigating sun ... sorry , i posted twice and am unsure how to remove the duplicate i am curious ... what is the correlation ( if any ) between astrological sun sign and mbti typing ? i am an enfp i am a november sagittarian i really feel what you are feeling , even when you do not verbally express it . so much so , that i sometimes get choked up and can't speak . othertimes , when it seems i am hanging on your every ... natalieann asked me this very same question ... hello ! great question ! lets see if i can do it justice : 0 ) wisdom is knowing i am nothing : to me , this reflects the state of nonbeing attained ... um ... maybe you have a hard time disengagining from the thinking part of yourself into the feeling part of yourself . it takes trust ( or faith or lunacy ) to release hold of reason and allow the self ... hi ! enjoy ! that moment just before lips so very close meet ... ah simple delight . my lover and i spent a solid month just kissing for hours . teasing careeses , at times very physical and ardent ... in ... i am also a fan of ... what did you call them * scrolls up and looks * ... craft beers . a friend of mine brews at home . he is a fourth grade teacher and into all things scientific . while he tends ... ok , for what it is worth ... be there , but don't smother : she sounds vulnerable and in transition . if you are looking for a healthy loving longterm relationship no need to rush things into the ... without a doubt gilda radner ! “ some stories don ’ t have a clear beginning , middle and end . life is about not knowing , having to change , taking the moment and making the best of it , without ... it is très compliqué ... ah the intrigues of life ! : blushed : well done ! ah , sweet slumber ! love to sleep . tune out for a bit , recharge . i hate alarm clocks . don't use them . my day is always a struggle if i am sharing morning with a fan of the snooze button ugh ! ... in other words pinpointing a population that would best be served by believing what is necessary for them to believe so that we can live successful compelling lives ? curious , indeed . do you need a hug ? ) ) meyou ( ( there you go a nice little side by side hug . feeling better ? you made me smile cure for pain ~ morphine yum ... pomegranate ? although yum to danish pastry , too ! thanks maddieraine ! hope you are having a lovely evening : wink : hi there livingalife . i thought i could have some good time here by sharing and discussing ideas and experiences with others [ / quote ] me too . seems like there is plenty of threads to learn from ... i relate with the ripple effect of just being in the moment and inspiring others to be comfortable and confident in their own skin ... not because you are trying , just because you are . hello sensitive doer ... what led you to this forum ? although res - not so much a greeting as an acknowledgement ... you are an interesting cat grey and res howdy ! i feel like i am looking through my magic mirror and seeing all my new friends ... ok i am dating myself a bit with that but , made me smile ! am still learning the lay of the ...