' just today i reconnected online with a tattoo artist i knew a decade ago who threw gasoline on me and then followed that up by trying to throw lit matches in my direction because i happened to be ... 100 % true for me right now ( also why i'm here ) . i dropped out of my first degree , went back , aced my second , aced a masters , got a funded phd , aaand ... burnt out . not necessarily because of me , or ... go to the end of the line with your mental pursuits . that's all i can advise . you will end up poor and fulfilled . poverty is a virtue which one can teach oneself . ~ diogenes also ; plato , on ... maybe you should google what a synonym is lol . and perhaps if you think someone has to google what an exegesis is , you really should stick to eating and shitting alphabet soup ... anyway i have to go ... yeah , but then again , you may be better off sticking to eating and shitting alphabet soup , if that's your the extent of your exegesis . :p roud : growing up in different countries influenced my worldview because it forced me to question all culture . but by far the most influential experience i've had in the last few years was taking acid one ... i didn't come here after a long time to complain about sigs / avatars . i came here after a long time to read interesting posts , but got distracted by the sigs / avatars . you're right that age has nothing ... just not a child . there's a difference . : wink : it's funny though how some people think he can't be an entp because he doesn't like gifs ( which isn't even true - actually i quite like some of the ... sure , but that's topical and humorous ( although a little predictable ) . you're not crass enough to have it in your sig , or worse , your avatar . anyway , crack on . i was just raising the point . i'm out , ... can we start a petition to get rid of gifs in avatars / sigs / etc . on pc ? am i the only one who can't even f * cking read a thread sometimes because there'll be a couple of people ( not naming names ... ) in ... you sound like a deeply unfulfilled person . in getting so caught up in measuring your life in tangible successes ( sheesh , this is an internet forum , you don't need a cv with your first post ! ) and ... yeah . i went to the edge of where the subconscious realms ( the physically constructed marble halls , the vortexes below , the soul-tree at the centre ) - brought into existence through a combination of ... be kind , for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle . ~ ian maclaren ( usually attributed to plato ) especially to your brother . don't hang out with dickheads . problem solved . it took me many years to figure out this simple point . enjoy the rest of your life . :) oh wow . i suggest that when you've learnt ( and fully understood ) symbolic logic , you move on to examining the foundations of logic ( like i told that other person ) . again , beall and restall is good ... ok , here you refer quite a lot of disparate points . you're not wrong about many of the individual things you say . on the other hand , your exegesis leaves a lot to be desired . particularly no ; i said ... like i said ; your ' critical reasoning ' is just a commitment to diffusing cognitive dissonance in your pre-theoretical beliefs . you hold the same unwarranted assumptions and biases as those you ... triple post . * doh ! double post . * your intellectual vs . feeler paradigm lacks insight into how logic and the human psyche work . your ' intellectual ' justification of the position you hold is just a way to coherently express your ... not sure what business has to do with the most important skills an entp can ever learn . advantageous , sure . it's useful to a point , but i'm pretty sure cut-throat capitalism and ruthless ... what works doesn't dictate what ought to be . you're confusing important with advantageous . stop being so evil and develop your fe , which might well be the most important ( ! ) thing you'll ever do . just watch any episode of charlie brooker's black mirror ( i particularly recommend fifteen million merits s01e02 and the waldo moment s02e03 ) . if you weren't scared of technology's pace , you soon ... actually i was none of these labels of alpha or beta in elementary school . i went to a small school and i was tiny ( put up a grade ) so i just did things the way i wanted to but was never looked ... double post , dammit . > _ < radicalism 83 socialism 100 tenderness 71.875 these scores indicate that you are a tender-minded progressive ; this is the political profile one might associate with an animal rights activist . it ... quoted for astonishing truth . one thing though ; there is a fourth option . you can internally or externally express it , you can sublimate it . finally though , you can negate it . this option involves ... sure . i was taken aback by what i saw ( and previously mentioned ): nobody espoused virtue ethics , most people supported some kind of utilitarianism , and a lot of the people responding by text rather ... holy shit . i suppose people here are still young and figuring these things out , but even so , anyone ever think of picking up a book and seriously investigating ( their own ) ideas on morality ? ... ' burning out ' , haha . it's better described as settling into a warm bath . you're proud you ran that race when you were younger , but you're glad as hell it's not you still out there . as you relax and ... ple · o · nasm [ plee-uh-naz-uhm ] noun1.the use of more words than are necessary to express an idea ; redundancy . 2.an instance of this , as free gift or true fact . 3 . a redundant word or expression . i don't know if anyone posted something regarding this research yet , but i just saw it and it seemed interesting so i thought i'd post it here . any thoughts ? how an introvert can be happier : act ... if you were to type yourself according to the dungeons and dragons matrix of alignment , what would you say you are ? lawful ( strong belief in rules and law ) , neutral , or chaotic ( blatant disregard for ... if you can't figure out what we're good at compared to other people , consider re-evaluating your entp status lol . that aside , i've heard julius caesar and alexander the great typed as entps . draw ... first things first then . offering that kind of cooking advice ? may as well say sign up to bourgeois attitudes right here . in a time when young people across the globe are being deprived of the ... when writing papers ( my usual creative outlet ) , i go through several processes . the first is to get an outline of what the topic i want to discuss entails . just try to imagine the broadest scope of ... there's a very simple trick : ask him what he would say if you asked him out . this will be an abstraction from reality which will engage his interest on a theoretical level , and he will happily ... i had an idea yesterday which i thought is interesting but i don't have the necessary qualifications to follow through on and i wondered if anyone here does ( i know you guys are big thinkers ) . here ... have you seen primer ( a 2004 film ) ? i think that is a great sci-fi , with a very interesting and plausible concept of time travel . there are two things here : i ) i'm actually not particularly ... i had an idea yesterday which i thought is interesting but i don't have the necessary qualifications to follow through on and i wondered if anyone here does ( i know you guys are big thinkers ) . here ... i had an idea yesterday which i thought is interesting but i don't have the necessary qualifications to follow through on and i wondered if anyone here does ( i know you guys are big thinkers ) . here ... i totally agree with op on intj . not only the only * other * type which has a logic that i trust , but actually , i trust them more than most entps . it's fun to be a p , especially an ntp . but it's fun ... it's a big mixture of different things including a variety of british accents and some scandinavian influences , though i also studied in an american school when i was young . can i just say that argentina and iceland opened up their markets to deregulated corporatism and both got fucked , while india and china have the fastest growing economies and operate the tightest ... noisey why don't you start a poll or survey for each personality type , chart up the results , and then we can all theorize some meaning within those results . because you'll notice under my ... i read to about page 4 before getting bored of everyone's crap . if you want to fuck her , do , but be honest with her that that's your only intention . if you don't , don't . you're the only one who ... it's a good question . the thing with the matrix though , is that they're both just hallucinogenic pills . neo takes one of the pills , trips balls for days , has the best time of his life thinking he can ... damn our curious eyes ... you guys reckon there is any link between personality type and political leanings ? there's an interesting ted talk ( here : ) about the differences in types ... it's simple , i'm going to understand everything . ne helps with this by connecting dots between pieces of information , creating a cognitive map of the world from knowledge gleaned through studying ... '