' can i ask you a question , i see you re a female istp . do you find that people are confused or uncertain how to relate to you , or how to understand your behavior considering istp is really a rather ... well , no no . no one would think that about istps :) the context was a road trip , not boss and colleagues . yes but you kind of missed the context . i dont experience istps like ppl that can be pushed around while others sit on their ass . i might be wrong . a bit beside the topic , but some istps think a bit too highly of themselves , no ? i dont think being or not being european makes any difference on a road trip through europe . its not like we have a ... i think you misunderstood . they do things their way if its possible and not if its not . but i am yet to meet an istp who wonders why something is the way it is . they just take it or leave it . this ... you are an istp when you dont care why things are in a certain way , and are content leaving things be the way they are . you could apply all of these on infp too . without the fuck off . well , maybe sometimes . ;) oh oh oh i would almost mistake you for an introverted feeler ;) you re an istp , you say ? are not necessarily romantic , i meant to say . pls tell me the point of super bowl . im just very curious . i think an infp ( or maybe every nf , if not any type ) can react like that too but the feelings are necessarily romantic although its easy to confuse it with the simply feeling fondness and affection . nope , def not a general infp characteristic . these characteristics bug an infp too ;) a lot this was very good , thank you ! ok . well . can you help me out in what kind of topics and behavior istps like and dislike in friends and colleagues ? that would be nice :) to satisfy your curiosity , it was probably a typo ;) an infp would still prefer to hear the answers and opinions rather than talk about one bold font :) im more familiar with the relation isfps have with nature , im struggling to figure out my own . can you explain what kind of relation you think we infps have with nature ? i wonder what you find problematic about infps , can you pls elaborate ? in as few words as you are comfortable with ;) wow you got really lucky there with this istp . although there is a lot of things you say i cant relate when it comes to romance and they are not my cup of tea ( for dating that is , otherwise i find it ... this is brilliant . i was so excited to read answers to the questions above , and i get this ? f ing brilliant :D what a mystery istps are ... but would it be as nearly as pleasant for an isfp to deal with an istp ? i think istps are among most unapproachable types and for any feeler including isfp it can be very hard to deal with someone ... hey i dont think whether someone will lead one on depends on their personality type , it has more to do with the quality of character . assuming that just because someone is an enfj they wouldnt ... right . so what is it exactly that you are seeking to hear from other infps though ? it seems like you have all the answers already . i actually dont entirely agree with you . i grew up with several isfjs in my family and while they are by no means on pedestal for me ( anymore ) they couldnt be more different from isfj in this story ... yes its interesting with explaining over again and always in more profound ways what peoples motives are for their behavior , what is their family history and background and so on . but its one thing ... people already wrote many good replies here so all i want to say is that might want to try to use being an infp in this situation , meaning your values . this person , the way you described her , seems ... no infp sucks at playing guitar , we have magical powers ( see above ) : laughing : yes you know estps are called the doers so with those qualities in a girl he will be one happy estp e . g . a happy doer ;) quite the opposite actually . fi ne is magically attracted to damaged people because this combination always seeks room for and engagement in improvement , growth progress and learning because helping ... hey im a allowed to offer my humble opinion ? my dad is estp and ive known him for my 33 years of life ( mother is isfj , together for 38 yrs ) . many things you mention about your boy are estp traits ... very true my friend . i loled to your comment about someone sounding like a good catch :D a pretty good one . there you go , several nfs told you this doesnt sound like an nf person . no nf needs to be dragged into such discussion , we cant wait to join :) right . soul , spirit and metaphysics :) in which case i empathize , as extroverted intuition gets suffocated from too much sensor-ing functions :) accept , or find someone who is intuitive thinker , to share ideas with . they call them ... agree . or an nf who doesnt care about socio-political or philosophical matters . although st types can be excellent on such topics , but they tend to approach them differently than intuitives in particular , or intuitive feelers in general . not in the least . i was more focused on your approach to cognitive functions . if you made a point that one has to have ti to be intelligent ( and i hope you did not made such an assumption ) i havent ... just to rephrase you , maybe she is not intelligent . no offence , but this is fi speaking :) besides , i dont see why any enfj would feel addressed here as a dummy . being dummy doesnt depend on the ... you seem to make assumptions on prejudice and not have enough understanding on the cognitive functions . ti wouldnt be the first function either enfj and infj will use anyway , but rather introverted ... wow , as a vip member , you might wanna get a bit more familiar with the way functions operate . hate to disappoint you , but ability to discuss philosophy or politics has nothing to do with ti . it has ... i just read this more carefully . i dont have so much to say except that it creeps me out . and yes , a girl ( who is healthy ) can be attracted to confidence , and repulsed by dominance . maybe this person ... no . you could pay more attention how people treat you and what kind of people you give your trust too . her behavior is not only indecent but unacceptable from my point of view . even if you are ... wow , i dont intend to be offensive , although i might be but to me this was a total vapid mass culture manifest . go with the flow , opinions just create friction , you will simply know ? ! i ... it sounds like you think honesty is only being praise-full and flattering , and thus we should censor negative opinions and disagreements so that those who cannot take anything except praise would not ... well , i guess i would say that we are similar in the way we function , and different in the way we behave . i didnt mean to refute your infpness , you might as well be that or many of the other types , because what i meant was only that the characteristics you described are not characteristics of an infp ... i dont want to disappoint you but this doesnt sound like an infp to me . maybe you are another type of nf ? generally , infp are not unfriendly but its definately uninfp to talk to anyone , submit to ... well , this can hardly qualify for an infp thing , it basically a personal thing . mainly because it seems to me its much more of an infp thing to be authentic and not pretend to be someone else ;) you are an infp if , when you listen to the chili peppers lyrics , you know that anthony kiedis is an infp too :) '