' first off , i didn't rip this thread off the enfp forum to get revenge . do i have an issue with enfps ? no i do not . besides that , did i clearly state this in a tone that suggested that i was ... anything that could have a potential double meaning . like do whatever you want or i don't care . it really depends on the tone though ... it could mean exactly what it actually means from most ... i'll start ! i would have to say intp and entp are the types i'm least attracted to . i have both an intp friend and an entp friend , and we're pretty close , but i could never see myself in a ... ripped this from the enfp forum xd so , what type are you least attracted to and why ? 1 . would you ever consider going bungee jumping / skydiving ? with enough convincing , yes . although i'm also afraid of heights ( i wasn't always , in fact i used to rock climb when i was younger ) , i ... my mom is also an esfj , and how you described your relationship with your mother is exactly like my own . i understand her a bit , but i can hardly stand her at the same time . the good times are great ... 51 % - 75 % you are 73 % hsp personally i'm sensitive emotionally , but not at all physically . ( that is , with the exception towards extremely loud noises ) banker-innovator ~ 148594 43 % caregiver friendly , sincere , and compassionate , you find your reward in helping others . no one could ask for a better best friend . 42 % spiritual you seek a deeper meaning ... it's extremely hard for me to say i love you , even to my own family . if i have that much trouble saying it to them , then that means there is little to no likelihood that i'll say it to anyone else ... i took the test three different times , and i believe i am most likely 6-9- 4 the seeker , but i have gotten 6-9- 2 good samaritan and 6-1- 2 the supporter . i'm not that helpful or as altruistic as ... dear particular enfj , i know that we didn't always see eye to eye , and miscommunication plus misunderstanding led to the end of a friendship of many years . you were my closest friend , and i feel ... yeah , housework is the worst :P i think when it comes to family we don't feel as motivated to complete things for them ( because we're used to them ) . i'd assume that living with a friend or a ... yes ... ^ ^ ; ; but this mostly pertains to things that have to be done for myself . if someone else needs me to do something for them , then i get the task done as soon as possible . but i don't ... aw , thank you so much ~ ~ ! * blush * i think i know what you're talking about with the soul-searching effect that the isfjs seem to have . i see a very humble yet strong presence from everyone's ... zen lizard thank you ! i'm glad that i could contribute in some way :) i know personally that i've let my past be an excuse for how i've acted currently , but using that kind of ... oh wow cool ! :D i feel bad sometimes because people get me nice gifts , i don't feel like i'm appreciative enough , or at least i don't really appear to be . i'm so awkward about receiving gifts , ... it's home | the 5 love languages ® here are my scores from a love languages test : home | the 5 love languages ® 1 . quality time ( 11 ) 2 . words of affirmation (8 ) 3 . acts of service ( 7 ) 4 . physical touch ( 4 ) 5 . receiving gifts ( 0 ) ... you're welcome ... i wrote this especially because i needed this for myself too . i think the things we are most passionate about telling other people is what we want to tell ourselves the most . for ... i can't read what a person is like or such , but i can ( from what i believe ) determine authenticity . i can smell people who are clearly not acting like themselves . i can see if they have ulterior ... you're absolutely lovely ! :) i couldn't agree more with what everyone else said ~ i wish i could pull off short hair ! it looks very good on you ~ your eye color is very beautiful ... blue eyes are ... thank you ~ ! ! :) i was actually pretty apprehensive to post my own pictures , but seeing how everyone else was so comfortable sharing , it made me feel a little more confident . i think it's safe ... * blush * oh , thank you so much ! ! ! > u < i just admire how beautiful everyone is on here , physically and even more so on the inside :D thank you again , you possess both beauty on the outside and ... everyone on here is so lovely and charming ~ my goodness you ridiculously good-looking people , i'm chopped liver in comparison . thought this was pretty applicable to the thread xd 138889 sorry it's not that big at first glance lol you are a peacemaker soul you strive to please others and will compromise anyway you can . war or conflict bothers you , and you will do anything to keep the peace . you are a good mediator and a ... this makes me so happy ! :D i'm so glad that you saw it ~ i believe sophie is a wonderful representation of isfjs - i'm glad that you could relate to her as well ! i know that this movie really helped ... thank you so much for your response .. :) i've just been going through some rough things , and i'm happy to find that i'm not the only one who responds this way . yeah ... sometimes i feel like i'm an isfj , other days i'm not so sure :/ i do like listening - i'm usually more interested in what other people have to say , because sometimes i feel like my own life ... i don't know why , but sometimes if i go for a long time without talking to someone ( in the real world , not online ) then i have debates or strike up a conversation in my head . sometimes my thoughts ... that's just like me - so far that's really been me for the past couple of weeks . i guess i've just had a lot on my mind lately :/ i only know one isfj guy and we're pretty good friends . it's pretty interesting , since we both have completely different interests ( he's the classic computer geek , and i'm the no-nonsense jock ) but ... i can't stand conversation hogs . just because i'm open to listening doesn't give you an excuse to tell me your whole life story . and consequently not ask for mine whatsoever >:/ also , people who ... same here . i'm either giggly and goofy or i'm sporting a dead serious kind of expression . usually i'm only smiley with people i know and actually like . otherwise i seem like i'm putting out a cold ... i think all of us are quite interesting , and from what i've seen on perc there are many diverse , fascinating individuals on the isfj forum just to prove it - and that alone is just a small sampling ... hello everyone ! :) i just wanted to ask something fun and simple since i'm new to this site and all ~ - is there a meaning behind your username ? - a particular story behind it ... i know , right ? however , i did find an amazing main character that is an isfj : sophie hatter from the movie howl's moving castle ( studio ghibli really did this isfj justice ) this movie is ... the character that i probably relate to the most is sophie from howl's moving castle . ( <--- amazing movie by the way . if you haven't seen it , go watch it online now , or any studio ghibli film for ... nice ~ * thumbs up * i appreciate the reference :D anyways , it would be pretty ironic if you didn't like the cold - given your username and all xd i can stand the cold , but only for a little bit . i'm more of a spring type of person - i love seeing the first leaves pop up everywhere , that fresh , spring-green is just mesmerizing . spring has the ... i'm a 6w5 isfj . i would agree with coming across as an istj to others . i tend to put people off because i'm very cold at first . ( this actually makes me feel pretty horrible , seeing how people react ... i'm not good with jokes that take forever to get to the punchline ... i'm not really captivating when i'm unsure of how something will turn out , so i usually lose my audience before then . ^ ^ ; ; i'm ... i would have say that i freeze as well . i try to keep myself together in particularly hard times , and i guess my own interpretation of stability is not overreacting . i try to numb myself by ... oh , you're welcome ! i know i've felt the same way as you have before , and i'm glad that i could help you a little in some way based on my own experiences . :) and yeah , it was pretty weird that my ... i know it's really hard to be direct . don't let your shyness keep you from saying what you feel . it's obviously easier said than done , but i can tell you from a shy person's perspective - that is , ... just tell them how you feel . i know that for myself , i can't pick up a hint to save my life . i'm extremely oblivious to any subtle hinting or romantic gestures , and the only times i've ever found ... as niss said before , i think this is more of a personal values type of thing rather than anything else . i can relate to you with animals passing , since when my cat passed away my mom was much more ... hi ! maybe for a point of comparison ( since i'm very much an isfj ) , i'll do what i originally thought you were asking and answer each of the questions : 1 . the cup i'm holding now is one of those ... '