' de gustibus non est disputandum i can see why you would prefer that . i also prefer this on some days as i already indicated in my first post . and you go to a nightclub to dance ? if your ... which is exactly my problem ! saying you misunderstood and then not clarifying is kinda confusing and doesn't really help me understand in any way . so yes . i would like a clarification please . thanks for the clarification . yeah i love nightclubs . what was said up above ( people looking for fights and it being too dangerous to go out alone ) does not apply to my city . at all . i live in a student town with the lowest ... hi y'all one more just for fun oh and also pretty much anything by vice ( although you gotta take their journalistic integrity with a grain of salt ) vice news - youtube vice - youtube vice | united states | the definitive ... guns , germs , and steel - watch free documentary online have fun i got a book on it sitting on my shelves ( click ) and am definitely planning to do it sometime in the future . meanwhile here is some brainfood : ... i just yesterday figured out a friend from uni is entp . i have known him for ' bout a year but was at his place for the first time yesterday and pretty much instantly made the click when i walked in ... i definitely am a bit introverted . although i love being around people , can talk the ears off your head if we're talking about something i'm passionate about and am never nervous or anything about ... would being a comedian involve being the centre of attention ? because i have noticed that most entps on this forum seem to share the trait that they are jokers or pranksters that like to be the ... 1 . what's your personality type ? entp 2 . how do you think about tattoos ? i've seen cool ones , i've seen ugly ones , i've seen funny ones , i've seen crazy ones , i've seen weird ones . some tattoos ... i grew up in a irreligious family with both my parents being very apathetic towards religion . my older brother is quite the atheist and i used to be aswell . now i would describe myself as an ... i used to have a small notebook with me all the time and write down all the thoughts that pop into my head that i didn't want to forget about . i stopped doing so after a week of 3 though . i probably ... the usual suspects . i used to be a promotor / salesperson . approaching people on the street and trying to charm them into getting a subscription to a newspaper . i could tell quite easily with which people i could mess ... i was debating suicide bombing in the debate forum and someone said are you sure you are entp ? or something along those lines . i'm quite new to the mbti business so i thought i'd make sure . selfies for the win . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... this is pretty much exactly what i told my roommate ( who also is the person who introduced me to gtav in the first place ) . the commercials on the radio are both hillarious and thought-provoking at ... international relations , political philosophy and political science . i only cheer when there's an incredible goal / play , and in these cases it isn't a cheer of joy but rather a cheer out of unbelief . more of a wow ! than a yes ! . last time this happened was about ... don't be such a pessimist : tongue : hi . i'm new here . 91226 vanilla ice cream = standard ice cream . vanilla sex = standard sex i . e . plain , regular sex without any twists or fetishes or unconventional positions or whatever . sounds like me . go backpacking and reside in hostels . you will meet a lot of interesting and awesome people ! you are a type 7 with an 8 wing : the realist 7w8 , 3w2 , 8w7 pessimism is boring because it's the easy way out . it's a win-win situation - either you are right or it is not as bad as you thought it was . would you guys say vanity is typical for entps ? hey guys , i'm new here ! i'm a 20yo university student from the netherlands . i'm kinda new to this whole personality theory ordeal , but so far i am intruiged ! i have taken a myers-briggs test twice ... i often don't do things i promised i'd do because i lose interest in them . i brag a lot and can be quite arrogant . i love being able to debate and discuss any subject . i also love being charismatic and having social skills . entp - i'm not really that much of a troll / joker and i can be serious . '