' i've posted a new track here : cbc radio 3 it's called windowshoppers ' union . you're not a geek unless you understand that babylon 5 > deep space nine , and you can explain why . it's the or something . i'm starting to doubt your understanding of the idea . you've leapt to several silly conclusions , sellihca . i am not comforted by the neil degrasse tyson quote . it's how i live when i'm disregarding ontological and moral nihilism . this happens less ... nihilism is not the cynical rejection of belief . it's the positive courage to live without it . - sebastian horsley life is just the misery left between abortion and euthanasia . - sebastian ... i listen exclusively to drone metal .  we're just trying to get the music out there . i'd say we're alternative rock ... but slowly we've been moving more and more into the pop realm . lately i've been influenced by a lot of hall & oates , ... our band has been practicing for several centuries now . very recently , we've been attempting to record ( without a budget , of course ) an album-length collection of our original pieces . we're ... 1 . of montreal - skeletal lamping 2 . of montreal - coquelicot asleep in the poppies : a variety of whimsical verse 3 . radiohead - amnesiac 4 . sigur rós - ágætis byrjun 5 . sparklehorse - it's a ... i answered 4 , but many of my colleagues would answer 2 or 3 . because of this , i am a huge proponent of academic reform . if i were given the opportunity , i would re-design the entire education ... i've never acted in any of these ways . most likely because unimportant , uncontrolled and to excess aren't real qualities . not immoral . amoral . no art or philosophy ? i don't think so . a brothel . i thanked this post because it made me laugh . i'm surprised that you listed cooking as a thing you hate doing . granted , i only enjoy cooking if i'm in a state-of-the-art kitchen , but when i'm in control of the appliances and ingredients , and ... that isn't an issue at all . it's a simple way to make sure that he could respond to each thing you said individually . have you considered the possibility that maybe you're not an entp ? i write tv shows and movies . i record music . i collect vinyl . lately i've been designing a custom suit , and i intend to make it . you might get that feeling if you moved to victoria or the gulf islands between bc and washington . victoria has an overwhelmingly enfp attitude . i've always thought of vancouver as hyper-j , but ... vinyl is incredible . i just pre-ordered the of montreal album ' false priest ' on vinyl . the whole vinyl experience is great . my last pair of black dress shoes only lasted 6 months . eh , it's my fault for wearing them almost exclusively though . when it gets to the point where i avoid puddles because of shoe damage , it's ... failure is below me . john sheridan from babylon 5 . asking him these questions really shouldn't alienate him at all , so don't be afraid to . knowing that you know could be a great relief for him . and as the two before me have mentioned , don't ... an interesting question ! our need as a species for self-improvement and intellectual understanding is instinctual , and rewarded by emotions like happy , as you say . though i might be wrong , ... 1 . why i think emotions are vestigial i'll rephrase my position . i think emotions are soon to become vestigial . i think that right now it can be argued that empathy , sympathy and the ability to ... i don't think it's wrong ... i really have no code . also , i can appreciate art . i am a musician , after all . i don't think you should equate useless with hurts the human race . i will ... the definition of ' vestigial ' i was using was describing homologous characters of organisms that have seemingly lost all or most of their original function in a species through evolution . these may ... ah yes , i see him as an istj as well . certainly a more troubled one . i see estjs as generally less stable than istjs . i feel like i'm living behind a glass wall , too . it could be the vodka , though . jonny may be an intj , but he certainly has the playfulness and feeling nature of an infp . no , we don't have more literal interpretations of laungage than that . the nt's appreciation of ... first of all , i apologize for jumping to conclusions about your views . that was rash of me in hindsight . answering the question in the last paragraph : what i mean to say is that it is very ... people have often told me to let things go or to grow up but i have never considered it to be good advice . they are assuming that my value system is the same as theirs . they are also assuming ... i probably misread you . perhaps we should start over with the discussion . i'll present my case as clearly as i can : i do not believe in any sort of physical morality . it is an unlikely ... i don't consider it an argument unless my opponent is equally intelligent . in most cases , i consider it teaching . if i see something wrong , i want to correct it . i think that if i had to put trust in anyone to lead me ( on a battlestar ) it would be an istj . i certainly wouldn't put the trust in myself . what standard of morality are we talking about ? any of them . it doesn't matter . they're all silly . the logical fallacies you're committing : appeal to belief : fallacy : appeal to belief appeal ... watch the first 22 seconds of this video . hell , watch the whole thing : youtube - ‪ paranoid android by radiohead ( glastonbury 2003 ) ‬ ‎ anyways , those facial expressions ... i can't think of a type more suited to commanding a battlestar than the istj . i think infjs are pretty amazing . every conversation i have with one brightens my day . when they show interest in something , it's a very genuine thing . i'm saying i'm equally as agnostic towards morality as i am towards the tooth fairy , the egyptian gods , the human soul , and the christian god . so , yes , it is silly to believe in morality . you claim not only the existence of morality , but that you understand it well enough to make statements as brash as this ! the impudence of someone to claim that people need spiritual guidance ... oh hey there , trelliot . i hope you enjoy your stay , and help to make my time on the forums a more memorable one . also , you're lumpy and you smell bad . colloquially , maybe . but i never thought you thought they were bad . merely overrated , like you said . sorry for my own lack of clarity . i'm having a hard time responding to this . it's ... this is a true statement . another true statement ? i never suggested you did . though i can't claim to understand the subtle difference between very good and not that great , i'll assume ... ' overrated ' is a silly word , and certainly does not apply to radiohead . what thom yorke and the rest of the band excel at is creating moods and sustaining them . ' ok computer ' is a great example of ... meaningless smalltalk . some people tend to think that a car ride or evening spent in silence is wasted . this is not so . though i'd prefer a real intellectual discussion over silence , my own ... because entps have already experienced it . listening to that album is like peering into the entp mind . '