' i just wanted to try and needed a place to test amy poehler is definitely an entp little_bird infj ?   my new favorite album :D estj dear infj sincerely , infj they don't exist , nothing does ... this is a dream inside a dream ... dear intp we would / could have been great . what happened , we where headed in the right direction . i could see our potential , the connection was so natural , so right . speaking to you was like a ... sorry that's a lot of posts haha ;)   istp allegiant by veronica roth and gone girl by gillian flynn esfj smoooth woah , this is soo great , i love nujabes :) this song has been stuck in my head for the ... will it all be worth it in the future ? this is based of online overrated : enfj , infj , enfp , intj , underrated : istp , entp , estp , infp the super quiet loner who sit in the back of the classroom . people where probably surprised i could speak . infj female most : entp , intp , enfj least : isfp , entj , isfj o_o ... sorry i'll do you ... esfj goosepeelings estp ... i love these rap battles haha bruce lee all the way , his verse was fire lol ... most emotional thinkers would have to be entp's / istp's . as for the most rational feelers . i would have to say isfj's . an infj's would be close second . i'm an infj . my moms an infp and my dads a isfj . they're almost like complete opposites , but somehow it works even though they butt heads a lot . they've been together for almost 20 years story of my life unfortunately ... that's what i like to see ! ! ! i vote yes for the hug button a silent sleeper you won't hear a peep he's on the move can't seem to shake the shade within his dreams he sees the life he made , made the pain is deep and ... far away , far away in ... infj - dark brown i really like this . sorta different , but in a good way . the guitar instrumental is awesome , especially that little solo towards around 2:30 . such a powerful song . ... isfj maybe i'd say enfj . i have tested as that before , but i like being infj . always have been , and always will be : tongue : infj 2/10 yeah , i do this a lot ... people say they have noticed it as well yep , infj that's me i don't really like the idea of this sort of test , but what the heck i'll play along . i got - 85 race : other = - 100 sex : female = - 50 orientation : straight = + 20 gender : cis = + 20 country : us = + 20 ... i think he's isfj or maybe isfp yep , right here :D gender : female hair color : brunette hair style : naturally curly usually down , kinda on the long side . eye shape : oval eye color : dark brown glasses : no , only when i read personal style / manner ... million dollar arm i have a blog on tumblr , it's sorta a personal blog . ( doesn't have a theme ) i don't even know anymore lol i don't know â ¯ _ ( ãx83x84 ) _ / â ¯  this last song was actually popular , in the ... welcome , deleted '