' jess : enfp nick : isfp schmidt : estj winston : istj cece : xstp hmm i think i'm lacking in all three ... we'll see if i improve this . thank you for the advice ! much appreciated . how do i make sure the entj likes me as a person ? so i see two opportunities for my benefit , given the tendencies of entjs . a ) you look for things to improve . to help get better . * * * do you think i can convince my entj acquaintance to be my ... the fact that your sister wins chess gives me hope ! i think i'll try the game . perhaps the fact that you might like speaking in a concise and to-the-point way is an obstacle when you are ... p . s . believe me , i really do want to meet a stable entj . they have interesting qualities but obviously the ones i met--had issues perhaps unrelated . but the occasional stalking thing really does ... hey , i appreciate the detailed review of my post . here is my revision : the entj characteristics : likes people to keep up steamrolls by accident has unintentional cold stare of doom and ... according to the newspapers that they appeared in , they are based on research . you could also try googling each item to see if it is linked to research lol , i'm glad you like my comment about entps . well , thanks for the dating advice . i'm already getting myself in trouble by typing him before i know him . he makes me nervous , nonetheless , so i'm ... i freaked out about him being entp so i asked to talk to him on skype first . he actually seems like santa claus or a teddy bear ... kind of jolly and simple . he likes cooking and building . i don't ... wow , you guys scare me a little bit . haha , anyways . i was thinking since i last posted on this thread , that i know entp's better than i thought . i just remembered that two of my really good guy friends ( online friends , of course , or i ... i'm actually so innocent i don't know what the game is and what it looks to not play the game . please explain ? so i met an entp online and he asked me out for this saturday . he has no idea that i know that his is an entp but his hyper energy , his interest in a myriad of music genres , his suspiciously high ... haha , i appreciate the good-humored criticism . i'm open to meeting nice entj's , just bummed it hasn't worked out this post explains my experience , i think . i am supposedly infp , but i tend to be more emotionally distant than the people i know . it is actually kind of surprising to see a person who seems to use ... dear entj , i wish we could be friends but you're too controlling . bye , forever , infp entj's don't have the same values that infp's do . the former like to control people ... i'm in infp who wonders why i don't associate with enfj's . perhaps this is because i am very argumentative and i be misleading / evasive / flat out untruthful with people i dislike . it bothers me to be ... technically , as an infp , i would fit the girl-next-door , wouldn't hurt a fly , type . so i am wondering why i don't meet any enfj's in real life or why they don't seem very interested in talking to me ... kmatrixg ; your post explains a lot about the guy i know . i find it interesting to notice the gap the you pointed out : the distance between what i think to be good communication ( talking about what i ... rozay ; all right , so even though i sent those two emails already , i'll post the new brief message to the dating site . i'll keep your advice on other plans in mind . : ) okay , i'm going to be too meticulous and run this email process by you . what i've already said on gmail : 2012/2 / 11 <n@gmail.com> hi , thanks so much for the dinner . it was really nice meeting ... mr . rozay ; you put into words what he seemed to think : he seemed to just want to hang out to communicate there was nothing on the agenda . this type of attention was just so different from what i'm ... alright , that explanation helps me understand a lot . so if he asks are you leaving now ? and i sort of make it seem more diplomatic by saying people at the house will wonder where i am , ( which is ... do you think i should say , in so many words , i think we're clicking and on the same wave-length , etc . ? i would normally shy away from expressing this , but perhaps that's what i should articulate . ... is there a way that i can tell him i didn't mean for him to be heartbroken ? i don't have his facebook or phone number . i could try messaging him with the online dating site where we met . ... thanks , your advice is really helpful adverseaffects ; no , he hasn't replied . i guess it's only been two days so far . some of the items on the list are rather specific , like following roubini , visiting moma , and eating tumeric . i'm surprised--and impressed--that you've done almost everything . play words with friends eat turmeric take tae kwon do get news from al jazeera read about ted go to a literary festival read joshua foer's moonwalking with einstein learn a language eat ... i really don't like being an infp , because i feel like i can't get anything accomplished or decide what i want to do . i'm easily swayed , overwhelmed , over-enthusiastic , or hurt . but i think that ... i very briefly dated an entj and i also have a parent ( somewhat estranged now ) who is an entj . * i think only intps and intjs should spend time with entjs ... you have to be extremely quick-thinking ... the part about the restaurants and music was a quote from an entj i know . so do you see any use in mbti or how do you apply the test results ? i see your point about the behaviorals ( aka being enthusastic does not mean you're enfp ) but i am not sure what to make of the ... ahaha , no . that's a direct quote from an entj's website . i just removed the proper nouns so that you can't google search it . to prove my point that he's entj , his latest post is happy valentines ... haha , is this a criticism of my lack of tailoring my question to the correct thread ? i don't exactly know what i should use advanced search for , however . do you mean that the do you want to do something again sometime email is weird and / or off-putting ? awww , liddle baby ! entj's are surprisingly sentimental : memories are often strongest when associated with food and music ( 6th birthday ) - got a music album and breakfast at restauarnt with my ... i am looking to find enfjs , but i am not sure where to find them and how to identify them . i would also like to know how to approach enfjs and express my interest in getting to know them . lol this is such an accurate picture of an entj . when i saw an entj walk in the door i automatically thought his arm posture and standing posture looked like a trex , and my friend thinks the entj's ... hi , i am an infp and entjs are attracted to me like vultures to carrion . it's kind of an exciting game but i had to take the fire escape because i got so close to getting controlled / manipulated . it ... p . s . if i masquerade as an entp , will the intp like me ? infp wondering what intp thinks of me post-date - enlighten me to the workings of your type i am waiting to see if an intp wants to go out again . he seemed pretty disappointed that i left the last ... i am waiting to see if an intp wants to go out again . he seemed pretty disappointed that i left the last date early . which was surprising to me , given that we spent 3 hours on first time date . i ... do you like infps ? or inxps ? hi , i am an infp in myers-briggs and also type 5 in enneagram . i am currently interested in meeting enfjs , entps , and esfjs . from experience , i also get along pretty well with intjs , since i can ... '