' no , i feel excited ! then nervous ... then i start crying ... then i laugh historically . the i go to work , avoiding everyone until my shift is over . yay ! ! ! :D you're too scientific . > . > hello guys (: is what i'm trying to say is of course it's creative . it creates theories , understanding , meaning , logic , ideas , case studies , ext . everything we create , is creative . we all have a collective ... depends on your definition . the word literally translates to ' knowledge ' , art is a synonym of science . i have some bad anxiety problems at times . 18 , i turn 19 very soon . i wooould saaay ... yes , you're definitely attracted to her . what're you talking about gaudy 316 ? better yet , act mentally retarded . :D of course ! because we all know , more guts means , more huuumaaan . (; you could always bludgeon them to death with a rock or something . just to beat the dense stupidity out of them ... just sayin ' . > . > just keep a level head . if you need to , i would express that the project is very important to you . don't even worry about them thinking you're trying to look better than them or mentor the project ... best advice , go with your gut . don't get overly emotional , but if you want to ask her to go out on another date because you had a great time and wish to do it again , go for it . i don't think there ... and magic tricks ... where's the cake ? i'm usually attracted anybody who's calm , collected , and looks eccentric . if you're around other people , i never usually approach . intelligence is also a quality that i look for ... i think bar tending would be a good job for infjs haha ni !  (: thank you (: oh , the guts ... with the spleen and the ... squiggly spooch ! mmm i totally feel ya ( haha puns ) personally , i don't think you're off your trolley . we're all a little bit off the trolley anyhow ... we make your mind explode ! ;D i don't ever chop ... ever . maybe some positives ? so , i've gathered jumping to conclusions and over reacting . is this conformation that it's normal ? maybe you say inappropriate things at the wrong times ? that's kind of like going to a funeral and telling dirty jokes . the title is self explanatory . only if it was fried alive ... is it just me or do you guys feel socially retarded ? because i for one , do . example - i've always caught myself spewing random crap like singing never gonna give you up by rick astley while i'm ... free cake ... that always gets me ... so far , i've found out that being able to pickup on how people feel has been very accurate . if they're feeling sad , it's very easy to comfort them . if they're happy , we can use that to our advantage ... parties are pointless to me . i've tried very hard , but never have fun and just end up getting drunk and on a couch , alone or something lol . well , when relating to other perspectives when you're a infj . i'm a type 4 enneagram winged with type 5 . reading the thread that is dedicated to the correlation between infjs and other enneagram ... any ideas ? what would other types find attractive about us that they just couldn't resist ? i would also really like to hear what sensors think about us since i am not sure they are as enarmoured with ... i understand that infjs are very good at reading other people and enjoy learning about them . but , i've been wondering how infjs interact with different mbti types and what they specifically enjoy ... 1 . what makes you want to figure someone out ? generally , for the sake of friendship or i simply just like the person . 2 . how do you go about figuring someone out ? i usually just hang ... my counselor told me i was 4w5 . any and all tests i take tell me the same . i scored a 25 ... i'm 5ft 5 - short . grey , white , black , red , blue . i dislike them . in my opinion the holidays have only been a way to give businesses an excuse to market their junk disguised as ' festive ' . big business has corrupted an innocent holiday and they've ... reading people . it's hard to decide on the two because even before i knew my type , i pursued knowledge about both . but i only say that because i've taken psychology and sociology classes and i've ... my names alex , hopefully i'll be a forum regular (: '