like my heart is in my hand make a note of what triggers it and do your best to avoid them . also stop telling yourself that you have anxiety . instead , think of yourself as being too excited and that you need to calm down . i ... when the fire dies ... and all is consumed ... the ashes remain ... but the smoke becomes few . when the fire dies ... there is calm and peace ... even thou beauty fades ... and ... how sure can we be that he is even human ! ? really very heartbreaking more space = better concentration better concentration = greater results greater results = more peace of mind more peace of mind comes from more space ... and the cycle continues . i believe understanding someone allows you to love them . i don't think you can love someone without understanding them . this is true for a lot of things in our lives . example : you may love a ... rover can the state of ' best ' ever exit ? i mean think of it ; best is that state of producing the greatest desired result / goal for a particular task , event etc . however , don't we oftentimes at some point , ... the peace of a quiet evening ! :p eaceful :: peaceful : just reading all the posts reminds me of that identity vs role confusion stage i was in at one point . and i figured if i become what others want me to be , then really who would i be ? - someone else ! ... i'm more interested in idiosyncrasy so i think that's a yes , but , i'm scratching the back of my head on this one . well you just gave me something to think about learning is fun ask nature that one ! well , i just tell them that ok , i think you're ok but i don't trust people thus i can't have anyone being my friend . the relationship you have with yourself should suffice an answer . absolutely ! absolutely ! simple , just let them now you're not really a friend . sometimes they actually think i'm joking . well , at least i'm honest ! it's what ever pleases me , whatever pleases you . i did it . well it is fun once you have a very good understanding of what you're being taught . otherwise you'll regret ever liking it in the first place . it allows for the expansion of your ... lol ! i have no such one . why would i want to model imperfection / s ( people ) ! ? i do admire people , but i hold none as my role model . well i know only one entj and that person is incredibly sweet ! sure . you just have to experience it to know how good it really feels . besides , don't you have a true friendship with yourself ? that's if you love yourself of course ! weird enough to view your posts ! . believe me i have come to learn that criticizing and lashing back at those who criticize me won't help . so now , i just let people chat what they want . it hardly bothers me because . i know myself ... i think many are just philosophical and i don't like philosophy . philosophy is just a pretty way to say what people already know or would have known if they were really paying more attention to ... i don't have one . the things in life you seek to treasure do they add value to you or do you add value to it ? do you stop to share these valued jewels to others ? or let them be pest to peoples ' soul ? little ... hey guys ! don't be mad at me for being away . i know you miss me . i miss you too . uhm ! creeping in the dark , .. slowly i walk . a familiar figure gazes , right out the window can it be he , ready to slay me ? the cowardly myself , i just cannot show one step after another ... glad i'm not alone , just a waste of time - for many ! very nice picture yaal . my own saliva don't even like the word . the big lip i got from the last one i ate-no thank you ! the bible . the time machine you need some self talk . reason with yourself about what your experiencing . see if you can direct your energy to something else . respect her decision . and just know that there is still some else ... the greedy dog so dam funny ! i usually can't help to laugh . when you continue to post in this thread - no ending to your complexity ! when you continue to post in this thread - no ending to your complexity ! when you've stopped posting in this thread . dust , anything that smells nasty , lies , complainings , high scented perfumes , artificial lights . unconventionally demure i'll just go with happy . mad , mad , mad , just mad ! ! ! oh dear , i must say ; i love me most ! , how can i walk away from me ? bad manners . i'd have to tickle you .