' also i've had this bizarre in-depth fascination with pregnancy since i was a teen , so i feel like i almost want to do it at least once just so i can have that experience , if that makes sense ? i'm like ... really on the fence about this . it's strange , because i like to at least have the option if i ever end up with someone . there was one guy i briefly saw a few months ago who laid it down ... lol the friends one . i have friends . i have one solid friend , one friend who used to be shakily solid but is now officially on the fence ( long story short , enfjs get sucked into things way too easily ... can people please stop using the word irregardless ? it's like nails on a chalkboard . it has no meaning . it's just regardless regardless already means not paying attention to the situation / context ... 653338 6533 46 my mom ( istj ) and i ( intp ) watch it . not together , i'm just mentioning my mother because of her personality type . i haven't watched the newest episodes yet ( i watched enough of the first episode ... i'm hsp , but i looked at the test on the high sensation seeking and scored high on that too . it's interesting cause i really do hate crowds and noise and commotion . i actually can't concentrate ... 1 . is your hair long , medium or short ? varies wildly . although my version of short is shoulder length [ which i do know is actually considered medium-length ] . but yeah , honestly i go through phases ... personally , i've never been attached to my surname . honestly , this may sound a little horrible i mean my grandparents are nice and well-meaning people my grandpa especially ( very much a product of ... i've only been involved in one wedding , and i was just a bridesmaid that got her dress at the last minute and showed up just on time to partake in a night of bowling and then the actual wedding . i've ... i'm not an artwork person ( kindergarteners can do better than me ) , but i write . it's something i enjoyed in school as a kid and then when i hit like 10/11 i came up with one that i verbally told to ... - atheism - not really . more agnostic . can't prove or disprove anything . but i might also kinda be clinging to my childhood education wanting to believe there's something out there and that this all ... i was a little stoned when i wrote that , and it was still semi-fresh in my mind , so frankly at this point i don't blame anyone for misunderstanding it . i just used the friends reference because i ... i think my point was misunderstood - i wasn't trying to say i cared about what he expected or anticipated :/ what i was trying to get at was i found it frustrating that he didn't seem to understand ... i know it's christian rock , but don't let that get you down if religious music ain't your jam - it's a really uplifting song . i find it's melodic enough ... i recall reading somewhere how a major difference with fe / fi is that fi listens to music so they can change their mood ( they feel like crap - they listen to an upbeat song to feel better ) , but fe ... i just had a date-like experience . which led me to find someone that ... well , it was like joey and rachel . get along amazingly , have some awesome fun conversations basically hit it off platonically , ... penises and breasts are two completely different things - don't even try to compare the two , you're grasping at straws . men have nipples in the same way women do . one actually serves a function , the ... ugh , yes , this ! i hate being asked how my day was , or how was work . i've become the master at one word responses for that ( fine , good , alright , etc ) because like ... it was a day that happened , ... istjs live in a realistic world , they don't do theory . my mother is an istj , and while she has done things like see the harry potter movies or read some of the game of thrones books ( she stopped at ... the flaw in your argument is that you're viewing breasts strictly sexually , and the fact of the matter is breasts aren't just for your viewing pleasure . they are female anatomy that actually serve a ... i'm not a mom , and frankly ... i've never been someone who's really invested in having kids or not interested at all . i could go either way . recently this issue has come up with a guy i started seeing ... i got diagnosed during the summer ( 2013 ) after my 1st year in my university program ( nursing ) . before this point i struggled in high school classes ( retaking a few ) that just simply didn't interest ... i posted here back in 2012 . of old 2011 pictures . so yeah . i'm posting again . cause my face has changed a bit ( cause i'm no longer a teenager ) so why not . also i just feel like posting my picture ... i only use like 3 or 4 things regularly ( which you can see at the bottom of the screen lol - and powerpoint is only ... usually i make an effort to have a decent neutral face , instead of just letting it remain as resting bitch face . as a result i rarely get those comments . still happens on occasion , but not enough to ... had two finals last week - thursday and friday . and for once i started studying before the day before said exam - i started on monday : o but i have one on tuesday i just started rewriting notes for ... i feel super uncomfortable having my shoulders exposed . then again i don't have the most attractive arms . even though one has a big tattoo on it ( well one big one and one small - bicep and ... no dude i totally get it . i have an f-dom bestie who's said on at least one occasion how he loves me . and another female friend ( fi-aux ) who's said it . and like ... it's not that i don't like these ... also in no particular order ... doctor who modern family big bang theory the originals ( i used to love vampire diaries but after a certain point even the only good character in the show couldn't ... i was pretty agreeable until i hit about ... 11 , according to my mom . maybe as young as 10 . basically around that age you truly start forming your personality . i say this too because i specifically ... i don't necessarily believe in a christian god . i just think that the basis of evolution is that everything arises out of something , so by default at some point there had to be one big something that ... it also really helps to have someone in the family who gets where you're coming from . my mom's an istj so we regularly discuss how crazy dad's being or figure out how to get something done with or ... my dad's a typical entj . and i'm like pretty sure my brother is an estj , but he's never been a problem . frankly the only way things really improved with my dad was when i started going to ... i'm ... i'm not the only one with a bad memory ? ! cause like seriously i've been besties with an enfj for a couple years now and he'll constantly be pulling out stories of times we did this , or when ... that's why i never look at the comments ( as far as i'm aware , the page stops being readable after the last gif ) - they ruin everything just felt like sharing this article . it's called 21 things only girls who hate feelings will understand . ... i posted something on facebook about ' 19 things that apply to you as an extroverted introvert ' and one of my friends commented on how she feels she's like the opposite , how she's outgoing and likes ... i feel the exact same way about netflix and all news surrounding them doing a series of unfortunate events . it's been 10 months and all that's been announced was a director and showrunner . and that ... 387617 if i had to pick between short and muscley and tall and ... whatever , and strictly those two ... i'd rather go with height . and here's why . i know , i know , don't generalize ! , but ... it's just ... a ) iphone 5s b ) i go between one handed and two handed it's hard to say when exactly as it depends more on how focused i am than the exact action ( i can text one handed or two , depending on how much ... it showcases the difference of fe and fi using an interview with two celebrities i did an entire essay on lucid dreaming for one of my psych classes ( even got a i learned quite a bit from this from my instructor , a phd candidate ! 1st year course ! ) , but despite the knowledge i ... portrait of an istj portrait of an intp while it's not exactly a know-all , tell-all solution , reading these profiles can really tell you a lot based on which you feel / think you relate more to ... yeah i'd take the 200k just so i could use that money to expand upon my hobbies and interests outside of work . i don't much care for power though ... too much responsibility and pressure . and i'm no ... kinda surprised fi was so high , but then again there were a number of questions i wasn't sure about either in regards to how to answer or what the question was trying to ask . cognitive process ... writing and reading what i've written are a major pastime lol . otherwise ... smoking pot ? people love to talk about themselves . if you always remember this , it's not that hard to get small talk going . are you in school ? what grade ? what're you taking in uni / college / post-secondary ? do you ... 1 . no , i'm the youngest . just an older brother ( estj ) 2 . like , in a breadwinner way ? or personality way ? dad was military , but mom worked casual as an rn while my brother and i were kids . she went ... '