' i totally understand what is going on here . this is a result of your enfp being young . the main reason you see these traits is because she does not yet understand the big picture with regard to how ... as an enfp you have a very strong tendency to stay in relationships that are below reasonable standards . you need to be extremely aware of this when making your decisions . as an enfp i i've ... thanks for the wealth of useful information . are you sure you're not an esfp or something ? i'm trying to reconcile what seems like some inconsistencies . you started this topic saying you were writing an anxious infp thread . if you are not sure if you are romantically interested in him ... i am an enfp . i can speak for myself , but not for your friend directly . i think you should be straight forward . when you bring the conversation up , i would stay away from introducing the ... i like this question . i ask it all the time . i like you leading with a strong suit . i'll answer this question at the bottom of the post . [ edit : i don't have time to finish the post with the ... ok . now it is more clear to me why i did not understand your previous post . you are using terminology that comes from socionics . i am very familiar with the jungian content on cognitive functions ... intelligence is a characteristic that is not precisely defined and there a no usefulmetric . capability relating to specific task can be tested and measured . intelligence is a term loaded with ... esfj will pretend to listen to your ideas and theories . this interest can be faked for long periods of time , but it boils down to a compete and total lack of comprehension . esfj will be very ... interesting what do you use to support this viewpoint ? there is already a thread about this topic called enfps are supposed to be the most introverted extroverts but .. the most resent post in this topic is april 1 , 2016 ... this website is total spam . this website is just a drag net for personal information . it is not providing you with any information . it would appear the focal point of your statement is centered on the resulting shock of a person who's reasoning may or may not be flawed . this is a weird tactic . it would appear that you did not ... at first i thought you were being incoherent and facetious . but then i re-read your post and realized it is coherent . with regard to topic # 1 : believing in determinism or not is not relevant ... the challenge posed is very concise . 1 ) explicitly define free will . explicitly , rigorously , completely define free will . 2 ) give a single piece of evidence ( empirical , pure reason or ... self determined in this context would mean , for example , that you determine your own psychological impulses ( i . e . libido ) . your choosing would of course be based on your personal preference which ... my first three statements address the concept of free will . the final statement is about the primary reason for the recurring philosophical interest in free will . i contemplated leaving it out , ... i ask that do not interpret this as aggressive or insulting . these are my arguments and opinions . humans do follow the laws of the cosmos . to suggest otherwise is ridiculous . you have made ... i've read everyone's post and everyone has some good talking posts . except ' euclid . ' his comment was really random . the answer to this question need not be made so complicated . let's first ... samual clemens : the vast majority of the race , whether savage or civilized , are secretly kind-hearted and shrink from inflicting pain , but in the presence of the aggressive and pitiless minority ... i also feel like the board is not very interesting . i still traffic the site regularly , but do not feel compelled to get into many of the conversations . i do look at some of the posted content .  ... what is your current profession ? what salary range do you need to meet your life goals ? on a scale of 1 to 10 how do value pay to job satisfaction ? 1 being all job satisfaction and 10 being ... i do have my thoughts on your viewpoint . my thoughts are that if you are my friend and you have a true need and i am aware of it , i will sacrifice a lot in my life to help because i stand by my ... citylilac , your description of your enfp friend resonates with my own personality very closely . i'm am now 32 yo and have made adjustments to these kinds of issues , but from having been 18 yo , i ... well it looks like this thread keeps getting resurrected . i will attempt to give it some closure , although i'm sure additional permutations of thoughts will continue long after . extroverted and ... i'm going to forget the fact that you resurrected this 6 year old thread for no apparent reason an just make my comment . there is an endless supply of immature enfps . the description of the ... you never once mentioned the reason she is suicidal . the fact that she is suicidal is more important than anything else you are talking about . ' what does she want from me ? ' is not really the ... theory , philosophy , the cosmic whole , the search for truth and the relentless question ' why ? ' do they burn inside you and propel you forward ? ne or do endless varieties of food , ... this dominate pness is very exciting . the description of this enfp fellow sounds like me . the sneaking looks , blushing randomly , and awkward conversations have been key behaviors when i was around someone i was interesting in but ... this is an assumption . i would request something empirical or even anecdotal to support it . looking for something fundamental comes from a theory of unification or a religious ... zzz someone posts a thread about this every week / every day . it's quite a silly question that can not be answered with any degree of accuracy in the first place . zzzz ... congratulations ! you have won a paid vacation to aleppo , sy for being the 1 millionth customer to ask how do i know if an enfp likes me ? in addition to that , since you are eligible for full time ... they go awesome with the bathroom tile ! actually this is not correct . you have come to an error in judgement only because of a lack of sufficient information . i am old and married to an isfj . the issue is not lack of communication . it ... the way that you describe yourself is so very much like myself . i was thinking about the fact that there are so few people like me just today . being around isfj's and intp's is not going to make ... so i came out of my bedroom and walked down the hall way and took the first left . does this mean i'm in the kitchen or the livingroom ? well shit , i guess it kinda depends on context . if we are ... i don't know how old you are , but i suggest you start moving past it emotionally . these things don't happen over night . it's always hard to get parents to respect their kids . istj's have a set ... i think this was the psychic's cute way of telling you that you're full of shit . ;D i don't find the psychic question relevant to myself . but most of my life i would identify some of these people that connect with me on a deeper level . the most exhilarating experience is ... yeah , i think i have a perspective on this issue . everyone has individual issues ( aka baggage ) and unfortunately this is one that you must struggle through . i want to address three topics : ... i know my post will seem hypocritical but i want to comment on my observation that when a question is asked , half the people who respond have no idea what the answer is and , who admittedly , just take ... i think you should listen to your intuitive dominant friend lestany . i feel the way you feel when i'm around people that are lacking a strong level of intuition . someone who is thoughtful , ... i understand this feeling of dissatisfaction with the current state of life that everyone else seems to be happy with . for myself i came to realize the desire to do something different ... maybe try starting something new . that always helps me . if i can sell you something - let me say try this . changed my life . makes me feel great . starting strength : basic barbell training ... these kinds of things can not be explained over the internet because they are too contextual and subjective . you just need to have an opinion and stick to it and not worry if we agree with you . ... she said he asked to be monogamous , so that rules out inciting a reaction . the question is how to enthrall an enfp in the relationship . but your advice is insightful . '