' anyone who hasn't is self righteous and delusional . ; ^ ) we all battle demons . agreed . i highly doubt that any politicians perceived types are accurate , considering they are completely fake by trade . this also begs the question : what type is most commonly associated with ... agreed . i highly doubt that any politicians perceived types are accurate , considering they are completely fake by trade . this also begs the question : what type is most commonly associated with ... i hate vacations . i didn't mind when i was a kid , but i didn't have responsibilities and i would sneak off and go exploring . now , i always have to worry about getting back into the grind of work and ... anything that mocks the ridiculesness of the world i live in makes me roll with laughter , and eases my pain . therefore , i love south park . usually . not always . i use substances to numb my drive to accomplish what i dream of accomplishing because i fear failing . who wants to be the guy in the history books that failed ? my only moral is that i do what i want ... i like him when he's not acting like a bully . yeah , i usually let the days troubles go , and my theoretical side comes out like a shot of caffeine to my head . i usually have to write it out , or take something to make me drowsy . i would love to ... i think it is for most people . not for me . i try to ignore the nagging questions from time to time , but i am unhappy as long as there are questions . if some theory or philosophy or anything seems to ... i don't really get dating . when i go to the movies , i want to watch the movie . when i eat , i like to eat and not talk . maybe the zoo or a science museum would work . politics . i don't understand the question . i don't do school . i study what i desire to learn . i don't cram . i have always passed anything with flying colors that i had a desire to learn . if i don't have the desire , i don't waste my time . indiana jones i would dissect fruits and vegetables . also , i would gather one type of ant and dump them on a different type's hill or mix them in a bucket . i loved dissecting electronics and music and much more . i didn't like children until i had one . i suppose it was because most were spoiled or lacked parenting . now i have a soft spot for them . from my earliest days i was a curious lad , amazed by the nature of the world around me . dissecting fruits and veggies at three with a vivid imagination while playing with my food . i'm basically the ... zombie apocalypse . they move so slow , as well as the fact that dead things do not come back to life . it's mind numbing that there are people that think this scenario could actually tale place . it ...  voting is sending a signal . if you purchase oranges , more oranges will be provided . if you hate oranges , you will not purchase them , and thus less oranges will be provided . the less people buy ... voting is sending a signal . if you purchase oranges , more oranges will be provided . if you hate oranges , you will not purchase them , and thus less oranges will be provided . the less people buy ... who are your favorite stand up comedians and comedic actors ? what are your favorite comedy shows and movies ? mine are jim carrey , bill hicks , will ferrel , vince vaughn , ren and stimpy , step ... 1 . insert question here in which you can provide the answer or opinion paraded as the answer below so people never learn to think for themselves and become the mindless masses that think there is ... i think the adviser often is the leader , whispering into the ear , nudging the ' leader ' this way or that . you ever wondered : if its okay to be yourself , why is it not okay to be selfish ? i put the results through a paper shredder and made coleslaw with it . i then brought it to the next family gathering and watched with delite as the people who guilt triped me into things , and teamed ... an economy is a system in which the participants trade objects in order to make life easier money is a medium of exchange , something that represents tangible goods meant to make trade more ... it's a possitive sign that you're searching for answers , it means you're still alive . don't ever give up , your answer has to be out there . oh , and make sure to step back . if you are only looking at a ... ' the truman show ' i can relate to it in the sense that as long as i can remember i have noticed inconsistencies all around me . the more i question ( ed ) , the more people told me i'm weird and tried ... i'm glad to see that someone else is fluent in jive . haha ! okay , you have a point . studying these strange creatures does have a certain appeal . heehee lol ! it wasn't . it was taken by a jailer . nothing bad , just a dewey . i don't believe in government , so naturally i wasn't ashamed for committing a non-violent crime . 30576 its my profile pic . everybody gets angry at me and tries to push me to go out and attend social functions . almost none of them will have a conversation that doesn't involve small talk . for certain , none of them look ... i have the same problem . i love lysander spooner . 10/10 you either have one hell of a period , or you just did the world a favor and had a chat with the cast of jersey shore . dexter is a great show . i think that the military is for people who don't think for themselves . the intelligent ones get out and oppose the mindlessness of the whole machine . a hacker could track him , or web server . i don't believe that sociopaths don't understand emotions . i think they are just extremly selfish . they probably believe in the law of the jungle in the ... corruption is deviation from truth . truth is perfect . nothing is pefect except the laws of nature , which govern the gradual destruction of the world . they are perfect because they are incapable of ... nobody ever wants to play me either . i used to toy with my brother by not finishing him off , but only giving him access to attack one territory and making the odds impossibly in my favor . reality tv . besides the ridiculous people , the fact that nobody is real when a camera is in their face . alcohol . that was the key to getting out of my shell . that shouldn't be taken as advice . maybe a shot or two . liquid courage . your kindergarden teacher calls you stupid in front of the whole class because you didn't know your address ( i knew where i lived , i walked to school . she never gave me a good reason for me to learn ... your grandma asks you why you like like skulls , and you tell her , skulls protect my brain . if you don't like them , you should lead by example and get rid of yours . i hate it . eyes are windows . i don't trust people that i don't know . those candles , if somebody made them . you have me excited with the thought of giving them to people as gifts and observing their responses . ha ! how about false labeling ? '