' standardlawyer please so i couldn't find the arcade section .. i also remembered that there was a thread about it going away too . so , yeahh . potatoes ! don't forget that you're human and not the personality cafe robot , but i felt the same way . no feelings ! yay ! but after awhile of blanketing my emotions , i grew tired . so i dug deep down inside and i ... whahhh ! ? i've always been here . who are you ? potatoes please . yeaaa and it was funn . oh you joined on the year of 2013 aw , , , hey remember there was a video game section on this site ? what happened to it ? assuming that i'm with a group of friends , it depends . if that person is leading correctly , not being a jerk and being fair , i'll let them be . but if the person is iffy on their decisions and second ... i tend to be neat but some how i still misplace things . i usually try to look listen at their tones , body movements and all that and this shoul at least give a sense on what the other person is feeling about . i usually feel appreciated then she or he ... the typical college thing oh , i lovvve studying too i usually do something : laughing : its important for me to stay fit and its nice when she's in shape but not in a fit . xd congratulations ! : crazy : three hours apart by plane ? i can imagine , hey , where are you ? . oh hey . i'm flying right now , can't talk . be there in 3 hours . this is pretty much what i would do if i were to draw too . i would then do copy a lot of drawings . thats so long ago . i cut down on the rocks .. i'm more conservative with my clothing now . still wearing dark monochromatic colors though . nothing flashy . clean cut hair . no shiny . we need more parents like you . i wouldve thrown a snow ball at her . stop being a kid ? never . i can never stop being a kid . i love being one . the only difference today is that now i know how to control myself . cmon . dont we all act a little different when we're super happy ? wtf ? it's fun . i hate talking about sports because i find it not useful to me . but i do like to watch it with there's a group of people screaming at a screen , i'll probably scream at the tv too ... because ... don't assume anything . if you want a connection , text her call her . make the connection happen . if she wants space , she'll tell you . otherwise , just go for it . in the heat of the passion , a bent penis would not matter . welcome ! it's so awesome that a infj walked in . come and sit and have some coffee . haha cafe bot is temporarily out of coffee . sorry . but welcome ! glad you could make it you're thinking way too much . move on . [ / quote ] : sad : yay . you bought me a bottle of liquor .. . _ . get something personal . i found this site where it has all your keys ( car keys , house keys , keys etc .. ) all in one box . i'm not trying to promote ... i'm a diy kind of person . if my eyebrows needed some work done for any reason , i'd do it myself . i wouldn't go to a place of business to have my eyebrows done . especially my eyebrows .. i can't ... sorta in a relationship huh . is the estp a rebound ? that kind of sucks , dont you think ? i wouldn't want to be a rebound and sorta being in a relationship with someone who is still grieving about ... how do you test to see if someone you like is talking garbage if i hear it often from different people then , i ask that person who is talking about me . no steps just friends . friends can and ... wishing you a happy healthy and organic new year i just got that off a postcard from last year . ( u 3 u ) banana . first thing that popped in my mind . i love call of duty modern warefare 3 . the one bebefore blackop 2 . i don't like playing blackops . i also bought the game hitman : absolution and it's awesome . i like how i can either shoot them all ... i cha cha cha cha change my mind all the time . i thought about posting my thoughts in this thread , but then i thought , what the hell . congratulations . this is probably the best . ___ where would you live ? - home what would you live in ? - house whatx 92s your transportation ? - normal transportation . car , plane , etc .. or you could hover around him and try to get his attention by making weird noises . although my ex and i ended in good terms , i still threw away everything she gave me , except for the things that are useful to me .. not because i don't like her anymore , it's more like , okay , out ... 1 . i was going to say a horse but then i thought about how people get on top of them and ride the crap out of them , so i would have to choose a wild horse . 2 . life 3 . making things , ... federalist - government's rights industrialist - jobs / production culturist - art thats what i chose . i would be lying if i didn't point out that im lying about what i'm lying about about this reply that i really care for . prettyfreakingawesomeandmoreawesome i do that , speak before i think , i actually do that a lot . i like to have it around me if i come to a point where i would have to look at it just in case if im not sure about something . its not like i don't like manuals because it's telling me what to do , ... dylio , you definitely sold me on your shower heads . ^ i at least try to keep the convo going if i like you and i'll try to invite you to places . but if i don't get the same outta you , then i'll stop trying . if i don't see if you're trying your best to ... omg . you sir are correct . but i'm still thinking about being a cop though i tried it . didn't find anything great about it . i thought it was cool . but no . just a drool . '