maybe it is a female thing as a friend seemed to have similar thoughts to me when she turned around my age . what is the best way of telling them that they focus too much on themselves in our friendship ? is it best to say that i feel hurt and dehumanized or shall i keep it light and just tell them that i ... okay , as clothes have been mentioned twice on this thread , i have something to admit . i am intimidated by people in quirky / alternate clothes ( probably because i am the blandest dresser in the world ) ... i do agree that i need to find a way to tell them but they are not stable and the interpret even the slightest thing / behaviour and make a mountain out of it . i don't want to add to their feeling of ... for me , uniqueness is when someone goes out of their way for someone else for no reason . altruism i guess . also integrity and certain boundaries on themselves e . g . as soon as somebody gets out a 2001 ... yes , me too ! i talk to people and in my line of work we have to be friendly and welcoming but i always forget to smile . and then when i realise it's too late and i feel as though they will think it's ... recently , my idealism has seemed to have slipped away . i don't know if this makes me more realistic or more cynical but it's not nice . i feel as though the world is an awful place and terrible things ... my infj friend hates physical touch . it's so funny because i'm a hugger :) i have an infj friend ( definitely an infj as they took the test ) who is having problems in their life and with their self and is not mentally healthy ( they say they are going to get help ) . every time ... welsy that's understandable . like the sexuality spectrum but to do with sociopathy . krentz , that is interesting that it slowly dawned upon you that the person was moulding themselves to you . so are you still in contact with him ? i can relate many of your person's traits to my friend ... haha yes old ' benedict cumberbatch's sherlock isn't probably the best advertisement to stay away from them . i think he must have sociopathic tendencies then as he did mention that it was his upbringing / family that sort of moulded him this way . how was your friendship with said friend ? did they open up to ... recently , one of my friends hinted at being a sociopath and hated themselves for it . they explained that they cannot feel emotions and when they were in a relationship they somehow convinced themself ... i used to be but i recently tried not to go on the forums in order to stop myself from constantly seeing things through mbti lenses . i don't want to turn this into a rant thread so i'll try and keep this short . my manager at work is an unhealthy esfj which may have something to do with her controlling , manipulating , abusive ... do you ever suffer from anxiety before social situations and think what others think of you ? do you worry about anything or is this empty feeling associated with everything ? to be honest i really don't know what i want to happen . i hate conflict so i'm terrified of upsetting the status quo or causing any rifts and i just don't know whether i should just let my sibling be . so a sibling of mine has been working for a shop for 5 years and they got me a job there recently but i hated it so i am no longer there . the thing was that when i was there my sibling was keen on me ... i was in exactly the same position you are in , in my teens and i just want to say stay strong and hold on . i know it is difficult but it's great that you were braver than me in getting professional ... admin-please delete thread yes , it's crazy how much work friendships are to maintain but i guess easier when there's some sort of natural ' flow ' in the friendship . yes , i definitely think investing all your time in ... nooo . i am pretty slow with these things . : tongue : this makes me want to go and hug all my extroverted friends because this is probably how they feel a lot of the time but i guess it ... for me , i generally don't have any problems talking about music but then it probably isn't as close my heart as it is to yours . everybody is different and it's always good to have things that you're ... i can see how introverts using a lot of their ' social energy ' on one person could mean that they focus on one person at a time . and extroverts are used to juggling all their friends so that makes ... happy diwali ! i was discussing with an extrovert friend of mine how i am constantly ditched / neglected by a lot of my friends and joking how i seem to repel people once they get to know me . on reflection , i ... just be genuine and yourself . and deep discussion is good but don't push it if you cannot think of one . sounds like you have a mild case of limerance . you seemed to have fantasized about him so much that you have created your own version of him in your head and put the real one on a pedestal ( or as it ... one of my friends never replies to my texts and they have even admitted to procrastinating their replies to later times then never getting around to it . i'm pretty sure they don't do this to all the ... thanks everybody for your replies ! i guess it's true that death puts things into perspectives and * touch wood * that it doesn't come soon . however , i don't want to bottle everything up for my ... i know this will turn into a rant but i hope it doesn't but my mum talks faaar too much . i love her to bits but she's a tested enfj who talks too much and never knows when to stop . she can be ... tincan that's a pretty cool metaphor because i kind of know what you're talking about with some people having a light in their eyes and such . eye contact ? lack of eye contact or intense eye ... ooo do share your manipulative / narcisstic-dar with us ? how does that manifest in the person when you have just met them ? i think that may be because according to psychologists men tend towards ... i'm terrible ( and i mean terrible ) at picking up signals regarding a person's sexuality ( unless they are camp which many gay men aren't ) so i was wondering whether other people pick up any signals ... i don't want to sound pervy but i love being touched : unsure : acceptance i came across this thread whilst searching for derren brown stuff so i hope nobody minds . just wanted to add my two sense on the matter . i don't have much experience on the matter apart from ... ahhh that's so amazing ! you're so bloody creative ! i love it ! ! ! brilliant . thanks guys for your responses ! i have definitely know a lot more about it then i did before . i'm still a bit wishy washy with it but i think that once i get used to it , i will find it easier to ... thank you very much for that description ! the ball metaphor helped a lot with understanding each cognitive function ! however , i did have difficulty understanding the two paragraphs on how it ... i have lurked and contributed on this forum for around a year now , and all the while i have been hiding a horrible secret . i hope this does not cloud your view of me and i'm very sorry but ... i have ... haha i definitely do the self deprecating humour thing you guys have mentioned too . ooo interesting link . i can definitely see myself doing the compensation , rationalization , sublimation ones and ... just wondering what other infps tend to do in response to tricky / problematic situations or any general defence mechanisms you have tucked away . one of my infp friends , uses humour and constantly ... i am very sorry for your loss . just let the feelings flow and let it all out . : laughing : that's an excellent way of looking at it ! :p roud : the term ' hipster ' is usually used by somebody who is describing a hipster , as opposed to the person themself . i have met people with hipster tendencies and when i go to vintage shops seem to be ... yes op ! you hit the nail on the head ! i tend to forget what i look like and forget that people see a visual version of me and then i get reminded by passing a huge mirror in the shop and then get ... i've only had it twice and it was pretty scary but before that i really wanted to experience it ( because i'm a strange little ass of a person ) so i was quite excited after my first one that i had ...