' actually , i didn't want to admit it but i was drunk when i wrote my first post . i've killed a part of me in response , don't worry . maybe you do have a good understanding of f - but really ; she has ... after reading my post , i can see many mistakes . so let me try and rephrase . apologies for the inconsideration i put to my words . ( amazingly so , in fact . ) i jumped the gun on everything i said . rest ... curious , who is from us and who is from uk ? different societies and all that ; i can relate to certain mentalities to understand a little better . either way , who is moving where and for what ... i've debated this for a long time . i'm from england and i've generally despised a lot of people that i thought were estp . however , i've been living in japan for the past 8 months and i'm now dating ... if you're worried . give her a little more time ; then just ask and give her a date you're free . try not to hesitate about getting what you want . they also have the same right - and if they wanna ... either or ; sounds like he has a very well balanced t / f . understands and appreciates both side of the coin in that respect . i wouldn't worry beyond that , actually . he sounds like someone i'd want to ... i'm glad you noticed , although probably easily , the fact that he hugs you a little tighter and puts his head close . he probably just doesn't have the words the explain his feelings on it . to me , the ... love her . insults me , upsets me and will not stop doing what she wants to do unless there's something to make her think otherwise . she's incredibly nice to people , even though i think it hurts her ... yep . it has seemed to me , to be my life goal for a few years . i dream to have children . the reason i keep reaching is to be able to show someone a world in which they can ultimately control . i want ... cannabis is not a health problem . the problem is , that it promotes social values and attitudes which are unwelcome in capitalist based society . i beg you to watch the video whilst listening to ... if you're comfortable being alone for a long amount of time , then there's no problem . most of my social interaction comes from work / school . after these , i just want to go home and chill , maybe with ... honestly , sometimes i think the enneagram is a better source of information for dealing with people . however , it seems to me like you're the one trying out all the new strategies to keep the peace ... don't care about the shit that is . accept that shit , defend you're right to take control of that shit so that you can then enjoy whatever the hell you want to enjoy . don't get pushed around , and ... i think there's a reason to be concerned . how can an 18 year old know the true effects of such a possible ( probable ) life changing experience at a young age ? i'm not saying an 18 year old can't think ... i'm dating an estp girl . it's a blast . she's healthy , with a good sense of everything except me . she just knows i'm kind and i care about her very much . i'd only fault her on the fact that she really ... i'm pretty sure i'm a type 4 . i did read a few type 9 articles that resonated with me , but never to the extent that most type 4 articles do . i'm also in agreement about the creativity aspects , i just ... haha , honestly - that's kind of what i thought . it went down a ' treat ' . ( oh , the puns ! ) . i'm studying in fukuoka , at seinan gakuin ^ ^ . what about you ! ? dig a little deeper , learn who they are and what they like . only shy people dislike questions , and i'm fairly sure that estp's aren't shy ( they would happily answer your questions , i'm sure ) . i'm ... i have a crazy theory on the link between cannabis and food . honestly , i think that weed smokers always know it's the weed making them want to eat all the crap in their fridge , and because they know ... i was a japanese school girl . the outfit was my girlfriends and i am currently studying abroad in japan ... i mention this , because i normally hate the idea of dressing up at halloween , but this years ... hesher . hesher is a loner . he hates the world and everyone in it . he has long greasy hair and homemade tattoos . he is malnourished and smokes a lot of cigarettes . he likes fire and blowing things ... i don't trust myself with it because i've gotten it wrong a few times , just like everyone else . although , i'm great at spotting if one person fancies another but if the spot-light is on me , i'm ... my best friend is an estj . he's a very socially-anxious person , which i think helped bring us together when we were younger . i dunno man , but tom waits is awesome , and you've just given me a song that i'll try not to forget . cheers ! two very interesting articles , thanks for sharing :) it doesn't really bother me . i can emphasise with the people that share the same interests and hobbies with the media , because i suppose that the media can often be seen as blowing things way out of ... playful , nervous , excited . that is fantastic ! you really made me smile , cheers stephen ! ( it would make such a good avatar ... ;P ) ( artist --> song title ) 1 . shpongle - nothing is something worth doing 2 . calexico - victor jaras hands 3 . parov stelar - catgroove 4 . múm - dancing behind my eyelids 5 . múm - we have a ... thanks for the chat ;) no problem flora . i actually prefer the company of people above my age , but i can assume that this preference isn't shared both ways , especially outside of the normal family / social events . i even ... i can vibrate my eyeballs ... but i've met a few people that can do that . i like to smell people that walk past me , but i don't really do anything outside of my head . i just like to consciously sniff ... heh , yeah ... and you're in japan ? it's where i'm heading in august if all goes well . now this sure is a coincidence ... huh ! ? the dancer is also great to watch . i think he is self-taught ? he uploads a lot , anyway . i think it's nice to think about learning how to live happily for yourself , before you consider other people . if you can't make yourself happy in a sad place , then i don't believe you're as strong as ... i'm from north-east , but i have just come back from living in preston . and yeah , i've been kinda jealous of those state-side too ... i just enjoy an adventure , i'll be honest . there is a nice feeling ... it's in fact wilson ( and leary ) who i first began to develop an appreciation for , and then mckenna ( who i've just recently discovered ); all in a steady tempo that i've been able to keep up with . i'm ... where ! ? i'm in ;) obligations don't scare me ! ( much ) that seems like the most appropriate stance to take on philosophy to be honest man . you can't go too wrong if you're choosing your own beliefs . i suppose you can make a mistake from time to time , but ... some of these people hold several titles , but i'd put ' philosopher ' under each one , even if it wasn't their main living vice . timothy leary robert anton wilson antero alli terence mckenna ... i didn't know where to post this , so i thought i'd post it here . my infj friend ( and another ) took magic mushrooms and he invited me over half way through the trip to make sure everything was ... hi selene , nice to meet you . i don't know why you assume you have to save everybody , because you don't and you can't . you're also assuming that they want to be saved . whilst this may be true in ... too many people . how is intelligence important to me ? well going by this definition ; “ a very general mental capability that , among other things , involves the ability to reason , plan , solve problems , think ... you know you may be an introvert when you've decided to respond to someone in a very outgoing , almost fanatical and extroverted way just to outright express the feeling of boredom and despair you ... thanks for that video teigue . i enjoyed listening to him speak about his writing . enjoy dreaming , but make an effort to explore , to learn , and to understand the outside world for your own personal growth . go out , experiment , and develop an interest in the negatives of society ... seems it's nice for people to defend themselves once in a while . infp's really shouldn't have any reason to be so miserable ; we're always able to defend our points of view it seems , or at least ... pretty good day - oops , i messed that up ; failed to quote mumbo jumbo hate is the last thing i thought of , i completely agree with you . although many people in this thread seem to agree that the author of the ... '