' intp isfp vocals : eddie vedder ( $ 7 ) guitars : j mascis ( $ 6 ) , thurston moore ( $ 7 ) bass : mike watt ( $ 4 ) drums : dave grohl ( $ 10 ) i'd imagine they'd sound kinda similar to mike watt's first solo album , ... 0 + 2 = 1 race that to the finish line in a dead run life is short and love is fleeing before these masks halos with snakes hissing like rain on the pavement the blind are deafened and the lame are ... infp shia labeouf isfp tears make the best lube . babies give the best head . 6 . he gets a hard on when you're diddling him up the butt . / / / / / / / / / / they can't read this thread , so who could possibly get offended ? : cool : larry the cable guy rules ! girl girl infj the way my brother sometimes gets annoyed from me talking too much and my mom gets annoyed from me not talking enough . cringe because the internet has swiftly redefined it to how dare people enjoy something i don't . taters an intp with a friend ? i suppose there's a first time for everything . bumping this because of a song i just thought about for the first time in years and has been stuck in my head for a while now : yeah , unknown sounds about right . people i know finding my post history here because i have admitted some pretty embarrassing stuff on here . doesn't worry me that much anymore though . i shot a man in reno just to watch him die . your favorite movie . i came in to rave about superunknown as well . i'm not usually mr . drums , but matt cameron really stands out to me on that album . i really love the sabbathy riffs and bizarre lyrical imagery of 4th ... i think estps may be more likely to be class clowns in the traditional sense , but entps have their own version of being one . after all , i was nominated for that superlative , so i at least had a ... have you tried getting an entp to sit down and shut up for 7 hours ? this . my brother's an infp and a bit of a conspiracy theorist but i'd imagine his schizophrenia has more to do with it than his type . no i don't and my balls are huge . i'm admittedly a little new to the recording / mixing side of things , myself , so someone can correct me if i'm wrong , but i think multicore only really matters if you're doing something like recording ... i've recently gotten back into learning japanese . kanji's kinda overwhelming but at least the grammar is straightforward enough . i dunno , i've always found language in general an interesting subject ... the only reason i identify as n is because of my weaknesses . i'd much prefer to be an s , but to be honest with myself , n seems more likely . cramming is too overwhelming . i find i memorize things better with a lot of short sessions as opposed to one huge one . not to mention it's a lot less mentally exhausting . i'm not sure how to ... i haven't listened much to dream pop , but i definitely like some bands that are considered shoegaze or post-rock . i'm also into related genres like noise rock and psychedelic music in general . i've ... istp replace eating with drinking and you've got yourself an old school punk rock song isfj  istp absolutely beautiful istp wu tang isfj the sopranos . disclaimer : i have not watched breaking bad . i didn't realize we could type artificial intelligence . : cool : i have constructed a simple flowchart to help explain my rationale . marvel or dc ? ---> which one has watchmen ? ---> dc infinite jest . : cool : isfp jaywalked right in front of a police officer . : cool : infj '