' what the things that make you feel loved ? when someone actually finds the subject i'm talking about to be compelling and can respond at length . when they have things to talk about that i can ... i'm afraid of being geographically separated from all my friends and family , moving away and having no one to confide in people thinking my lifestyle is parasitic ( which , if i am honest with ... i'm really drawn to xnxp types and we usually communicate quite well . i'm drawn to entjs and enfjs but it doesn't generally seem to be mutual . i'm drawn to intense people in general , but the ... to be fair , intps tend toward being bad at expressing our ideas and are easily misunderstood . stretching definitions can be a particular problem for us , thanks to our basic mode of self-expression ... dude , i've been studying mbti for years now . i am familiar with the distinction . my description stands in most cases for most enfjs i have met--especially the part about them disliking you if it ... this can be a typical enfj approach . you guys tend to pathologize people who dislike you when , in fact , believe it or not , it's possible for people to just naturally dislike you without being ... how i view enfjs ( disclaimer , just the ones i've met . i'm sure many of you are better than this . ) - they're charming as hell when you first meet them . they seem , at first , like absolutely ... most of these careless mistakes don't make any difference in 8 weeks , 8 months , or 8 years and you will forget them . intps love to beat themselves up about such things but it's a lot better just to ... i think farming can actually be decent work for intps , though it can be on the boring and routine side . clever approaches sometimes pay off really well , though . i grew up on an organic livestock farm ... oh isfps . i think a lot of us intps have had isfp friends / romantic relationships . i wouldn't be surprised if it were one of the most common relationships that ends up happening . my isfp ex , well , i ... optimism is unrealistic in this situation . it's like expecting donkeys to suddenly develop mathematical reasoning skills . human nature has a consistent basis in biology . we're a social species of ... winners . hah . looks like the entjs have successfully indoctrinated you to do their bidding . ahahaha , optimistic ? how many intps have you actually met ? i don't think i've met a single one who wasn't pessimistic and rather cynical about other people and humanity . growing up with the innately ... the big question is , what kind of dynamics do you want at play in the relationship ? the more different from you your partner is , the more potentially balanced your combined approach could end up ... what's so strange about this test is how some people just are lower scoring in all categories than others . does that mean they're less human ? classical is my first love , especially romantic era . i am a big fan of brahms , dvorak , rachmaninov , bruckner , mahler , shostakovich . i also love john adams , the modern american composer . i play piano ... human resources social capital , hell , anything that is not money + capital , like emotional capital , human capital , etc . awkward is an extremely overused / misused term . also it almost ... i don't own a ( working ) car . if i move to the nearby large city i'm getting a bicycle ; if i move to a smaller city in the mountains i'll get a used mid - 2000s prius . you just can't beat the fuel ... hi intps , i'd like to hear all about your experiences moving to new places , away from everyone you know . what was your rationale for doing so ? how has it gone ? do you feel like it was a good ... i talk to myself a lot , literally . speak words to myself out loud . it's a dangerous habit , but it helps me think better . i probably should stop , but it's really hard ! obviously , i only do it when no ... i can see where you're coming from . sounds like you've been painfully burned , and i've been burned that way myself . the way to prevent that from happening is doing your utmost to control your actions ... there are a number of different happinesses i experience . one is the feeling of accomplishment and success at practical labor when my work on it is flowing well . for once , i have broken through ... i would say female esfj / isfj are the least attractive type , so no ! you guys pretty much win ! you just need to find your people ! this intp says the dreamless life is not worth living . enfps , i admire you , you beautiful dreamers . dad : enfp mom : infj sister : enfp i'm engaged in the family business with my dad and sister , too . dealing with a management team of 2 enfps is a handful . they really need an istj to rein them in ... what kind of products were you selling , that you found it possible to have a passion for the job ? or did you enjoy the puzzle of making the sale ? i don't think most intps would be very well suited to ... sounds like you have a pretty great arrangement as truck drivers go ! i've been driving farm trucks and equipment since i was a little kid , and have considered becoming an otr truck driver , but i'm ... hi everyone , for the last few years , i've been going through the crazy intp waffling between occupational possibilities . i currently have an associate's degree in general science . my isfp ex was not ... decent people skills to make up for the weakness of mine ambivert . a full-fledged extravert would be tiresome , too introverted and we'll never leave the house , which is a recipe for misery ... there are some pretty hardened infps out there . fi can turn you into a pretty hard-nosed person . in my experience infps are also more likely to get involved with , well , anything outside the personal ... i would be pretty happy if told i would die in a month . then i wouldn't have to do any of the things in life that i hate anymore . i wouldn't have this gnawing feeling of needing to utilize my ... male intp : you scored 64.167 out of 100 masculine points , 42.982 out of 100 feminine points , and 55.833 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . what happens if you score zero on all of them ? ... when i started to take the test , i immediately realized that i was answering the questions based on how i considered myself to compare to other men . i may be off base here , but i imagine that women ... there's a common thread here - females of thinking types tend to score higher than males of the same type . i think that is because people responding to the quiz , consciously or unconsciously , give ... let the necromancy commence . entrepreneurs in the us tend toward estp and entj ( so are a lot of ceos ) . but those people tend to be willing to take more risk than the rather conservative average ... i love how you speak of 50 % of the human race as a uniform class of people with the same exact desires . : sarcasm : hint : the kind of women intps want aren't impressed by money or status ! ... naw , i knew the whole time that i wasn't in love with her . if anything , the pain had to do with having my shortcomings rubbed in my face , and the fact that it was my first relationship . she taught me ... i'm moving into chicago ( i live less than 100 miles away now ) . mind you , almost every large city east of the mississippi has more women than men . especially new york city . new york city has a huge ... the whistling wind blows through the empty streets of esfj-town , which consists of winding , well-surfaced roads surrounded by neatly landscaped and beautiful vacant lots . the only buildings are eight ... i deeply second that . my experience with my isfp ex testifies to the exact same thing . i think it might even be harder with an isfp male if he is even more reluctant to share his emotions than isfp ... aww , i'm sorry to hear that you have to deal with such closed-minded and ignorant people , who know nothing about the diversity of human psychology and enjoyment ! pay them no heed ! don't be at all ... as an intp , i was successful once . i was kind of bold at approaching her , asked her a lot of questions , she was attracted to my strong ideals , and i could hold interesting conversation ! things fell ... my best friend is an intj , his girlfriend ( enfp ) and i also get along splendidly . my office-mate is a grumpy , lonely , depressed , pessimistic 65 - year-old intp , but we have fun . i have a friend who ... i know one thing , and that is , it is high time someone removed the ( interesting discussion ) from the title of this thread . i feel your pain , brother . i was in that place for many years ; still kind of am , really . none of my gfs or other women i've had sex with were very interested in experimentation . am i wrong in suspecting that intp women tend to be more sexually experienced ( and probably have had better sex ) than the guys ? you know , with not having to make the first move , and all ? my first ... i took an older version of that test and got you are very likely not an aspie . i am certainly an intp . i often have wondered if i have asperger's , though.if i'm not really relaxed , i have a hard ... i had a 2.5 year relationship with an isfp i appreciated in some major ways , but whom i couldn't really have many interesting conversations with . i was never close to being in love with her . one of ... there are quite a few people who would love you for that right off the bat , myself included ! ( in no particular order ) game of thrones the wire better call saul ( after 3 episodes ) . seriously , bob odenkirk is the shit breaking bad ( i fast forward through the scenes with skyler whining ) ... '