' this . when i lie it's to avoid an unreasonable response for something i did that was completely justifiable to me but if i was to try to justify to someone else they'd be too hung up on what i did . i ... your iq ( sd15 ): 128 i typically have very difficult times maintaining friends i've come to realize . i've had people i talk to for years and i still don't want to talk to them ... i did , but then i just got bored of them , ... an intj friend of mine told me she really hates eating because it's so repetitive . as an intp i don't really feel bothered , i don't really register eating i just do it while i'm thinking about ... similar minds advanced test intp 9 sx / so i have a lot of friends but i only have one i speak about how i actually feel with and only 1 other that i talk about what i am actually thinking about - with regards to ... getting close to someone and end up wanting to be infinitely close to them and end up merging every damn time . interesting topic , i know two enfp's , 1 is strange , as an intp i view some of the stuff she does as ' coming onto me ' ? - sort of . she gets really close and is very open to me , just what enfp's do , ... as far as i'm aware this is normal in all people , it's not so much your pessimistic self but just that humans are social creatures and you will feel better after socializing for that reason . being ... vajrayaksa how dare you use lelouch as an intp ! he is an intj i say ! i normally think about doing this stuff but don't actually do it . you'll probably find that commenting on their nihilistic thoughts logically would make them more open . dismissing ideas will merely make them agree with that idea more as they'll feel a need to ... don't worry , calling me thinker is the same . intj - winter - coldest entj - summer - actually doing things entp - spring - bringing out the fun in people intp - autumn - no one ever notices this season i've known a couple entp's , one entj and an intj and it kind of went entp > entj > entp > intj i love being able to constantly talk with entp's but also they need to know when to stop talking , if an entp ... if you mean actually 1v1ing yourself i also have done this , maybe i'm wrong but i find it pretty easy to think about the most logical move the player i am playing should make with the information ... gender : female age : 19-29 intelligence : gifted idea adoption : early-adopter mbti personality profile : esfp closest alternative we found : esfj i think i killed it when it told me to write ... i'm fine with them , i'm more on shortage of people i'd ever want to do them with but that's on the grounds that any socialising that could be done could just as well be done over skype without the ... i used to use pencils then i was told that my teachers wanted me to use pens only - so i used pens only . i haven't used a pencil - excluding my games of naughts and crosses earlier - in a couple ... i'd love to own either a calm house out somewhere distant with a porch and a log cabin aesthetic - fuck it , i want a log cabin . or i'd actually really like the idea of being in one of those smokey ... yeah i enjoy listening to lyrics but it doesn't make much of a difference if they're present or not , if they are there they're just another part of the instrumental i don't necessarily listen to ... more often then not someone is only going to be fully entering my world if they invite me into theirs first and it's similar or we're friends on the internet - because then there are few ... what did you get me today ? my head = shit , shit , shit what did i miss , is it your birthday ? was i supposed to get you something ? are we that good friends that i should be buying you stuff ? i ... i frequently say it as an off hand thing , someone does something really awesome and i say fuck yeah i love you man or something like that . if i was to say it in a genuine way then it'd feel really ... so something strange has been happening recently , my interest was drawn to naughts and crosses and how i could make it more enjoyable to play . i started by increasing the grid size and tried ... you could tell them your thoughts . you could not tell them your thoughts and continue to brew over it . i think that there's no reason to be ashamed or annoyed about anything and if you don't ... loudly , whilst he drew his and the baby platypi quivered particularly in the higher regions starting with a lingering feeling what's the point of stopping ? why does it matter what they're called ? guilty pleasures are pleasures for a reason , does it matter that much ? their own god dam story post multiple times to do it's impressive how people would maximum of five words per line , feel free to say other stuff in the most but make sure it's clear which is the five words . once upon a time in someone who appreciates c . c . fuck yeah ! yeezus can't we come to a reasonable conclusion without you picking a fight ? it's not being open minded . more often then not i judge them purely by how they judge me , i have a dark sense of humor that i'm not exactly secretive about , i get along with most people on the grounds that i'm just friendly to ... i chose my avatar as it's an awesome art work of kaneki from tokyo ghoul and by god i loved the manga , love tragedies . name is a slightly altered version of my name , george - georgius . liked the halo ... violence in this situation would probably be a faster way to get things done for both parties involved and especially on the receiving end , trying to talk sense into someone who just said something ... but surely the point that everyone would be worse off initially isn't relevant ? rebuilding a system would obviously have it's issues here and there . i'm not crying revolution and i'm not being ... we'd call it diagon alley ! i'm with you , i make a pretty big point of not being a person for people to expect feelings from , i want to be that person but i just feel wrong , someones crying their eyes out and here i am lying ... good call but that's just how i read it ^ ^ ' what about a four dimensional plane . why airplane why not aeroplane ? hit them for having the expectation that you should live up to their expectations which is infuriating in and of itself probably . it's just because hitting a women is politically incorrect and some women will use that to their advantage . what he's saying is that they should assume that if they say something worthy of being hit for , that they should be grateful when they're not hit for it , not expect not to be hit just on the basis ... is it particularly common amongst intp's and other types to just acknowledge another sides point of view even though socially you shouldn't . what i mean by this is i can't have conversation with ... '