' have y'all given people the impression you where crazy , have you been called crazy ? allow me to elaborate . let say you get emotionally overwhelmed to where you lash out or get all weird on ... atlanta ga . personally , i do avoid conflict for the most part . but there's a thing called a breaking point where all that is pushed aside . i can tolerate a lot of things but don't step on my toes . people ... i feel the same . i will admit that even though i am independent i do need some direction . at the same time i love to try out my own ideas and if i feel like i don't have that freedom i will not be to ... good question . still trying to wrap my mind around it . i take it as not letting things affect you . accept it for what it is and forget about it . lately i have been practicing being in the ... i just got done commenting on a post and it made me wonder what the world would be like if we where more common . like esfp's for example . with us being emotional and empathetic i think the world ... well , like many infj's i always knew i was different . misunderstood and all that good stuff . when i learned about the term infj i was like well that makes a lot of sense . bare in mind that lately i ... i try not to hate anything . or at least not use that word . but i dislike that there is no fairness and justice in the world . also the more loving and nice you are the more cards are stacked against ... well i guess all in favor of it being an infj thing to obsess and only being able to focus on one thing . the way i say we can either try to come up with a method to balance things out or find a way ... slightly off topic but last time i checked i was evenly 2 , 4 , and 9 . is this even possible ? need to take it again . but yea , i'm pretty sensative myself ... wish i was less .. is having a one track mind a infj thing or something else ? i'm getting annoyed over obsessing over one thing at a time and neglecting other important things on my life . how do you guys keep ... i'm tired of having a one track mind and being able to only focus on one thing at the time . either i obsess over work and be miserable cause i'm not doing anything else , or focus on myself and start ... this was interesting . 11quality time 8words of affirmation 7physical touch 3acts of service 1receiving gifts i completely agree . i go out my way to please and keep my woman happy and cheating is the most disrespectful thing you can do . by cheating basically what you told me is i , or what i sacrificed ... the answer is simple . i don't deal with it . door slam . i look at it like this . i'm a guy . if i can not cheat , why can't a woman . no tolerance for it what so ever . to me , sex is the most intimate and ... i can relate to this . being obsessed with one thing and spend days , weeks , even months focused in that one thing . like right now my focus is to learn more , and better myself . i read countless ... i don't know about everyone else but my personality type is pretty accurate . i looked deeply into it and it described how my brain works . there has to be some truth to it . but i treat this kike i do ... talking to this girl ( esfp ) everthing is great but she can be to spontaneous with things i don't like and its getting annoying . sometimes shes to much for me . lately i have been trying to get involved in different things . stuff i always wanted to do . one of them is taking martial art classes . i'm going to this tae kwon do dojo today . hopefully i will find ... thank you for your responses . to add on . in the act of sex i'm more concerned with with pleaser my partner than anything else . i would pay attentions to hits that she is enjoying herself and if ... thank you for your feedback everyone . i can be quite obsessive also and an extremist . aside from smoking , if i really want something i get emotionally tied to it and have this laser like focus ... i have a strong will but i haven't found a good enough reason for myself to quit smoking . its both a mental and physical addiction . i can only speak for myself but , yes i do . people that perceive me as naive don't understand my reason . it's not that i don't see what they see , in actuality i see more and whats bellow the ... i'm at work and sooo sleepy . i want to go home :( is there a particular way infj's could get over additions ? personally , i'm addicted to cigarettes and can chain smoke at times . i'd like to quit but i feel like i have an addictive personality ... when ... you can sit out side for extended periods of time and have a blast inside your head while some other types might loose their minds cause they are not physically doing anything . ok this a bit of a naughty thread but how do you approach sex ? in other words are you in your head or in the moment ? as for me i'm more so in my head and paying attention to details since i'm a ... hi my beloved enfj's ! i have a brother who's an enfj and we have a great relationship . i was wondering in what ways do you guys think enfj's and infj's could benefit from each others strengths ... i have noticed a quite interesting phenomenon happen at times . i would get these random , what i like to call extrovert outbursts and not in a bad way . it feels like my se function takes charge and ... enfj's are cool , my brother is one and we have a great relationship . we are the closest to understanding each other . just want to pt that out there . but how does one differentiate between a ... thank you for the nice words of encouragement ! :) not giving up . i don't think its in the infj to do so . stay awesome ! i think if an infj gets beat up by the world enough , and get sucked deep into the abyss they can grow to resent humanity . i know this is a bit extreme but i believe this what happened in hitlers ... i have read some stuff about infj's and self esteem and i noticed some similarities . low self esteem could make you into a people pleaser , wanting constant reinsurance , and to be accepted instead ... are you feeling down on your luck ? misunderstood ? the world is against you ? we all feel or felt like this at one point or another . this song touched my soul and even made me shed a tear . lol ... attentions infj's this song will touch your soul . :) yup .. i know what you mean . the thing is , it takes time and practice to master just one of these . but if you like me you want to do it all ! it feels like a curse at times . passionate about so ... when ... you are asked a very simple yes or no question and you give a very long , complex , emotionally and morally driven 30 minute long answer . sorry no examples for now . feel free to add one ... thanks ! yea with me , i feel like i'm running out of time . not only that but ( i'm sure you can relate to this ) the vision i have is so great and awesome that it would be a crime to deprive the ... i know what you mean . at times i feel like a contradiction and it can get confusing . i think it's cause of the ability to be a chameleon and adapt to situations , and even mimic people . i think we ... hmm ... i think this explains how i feel at times . for the longest i didn't know what was going on and wished i could just master and harness the feelings i get from that moment . i wonder if ... hmmm .. you show more empathy towards your parents than i do . even though i feel bad for them ( trying not to ) i will admit my feeling of resent towards them is stronger . logically i'm not trying to ... are you asking why / how we grew to become infj's or what makes us infj's ? i don't know how personality types are developed just yet so i can't answer that but i can answer what makes me an infj . ... my story is similar to yours . my mom is suffering from depression , skitzo effective , and bi polar disorder . personally i think she has been misdiagnosed and is a paranoid schizophrenic with ocd ... hi , i'm sure that the test wasn't accurate when it mentioned how developed my functions where . wish it was so that way i would know . i need to get more familiar with everything and get a better ... thank you for your replies and contributions everyone ! it's much appreciated . as many infj's , i always considered myself a old soul i have events that occurred and still occur to support ... my biggest thing that would trouble me is i just don't want to die a nobody . my fear is dieing without figuring out , and fulfilling my purpose in life . let say i'm 80 on my death bed and looking ... religion tends to be tied to a particular culture to where it simply turns into a way of life . people within that culture aren't exposed to another , so they only are able to see from their own ... i'm about to turn 27 and i have realized i have a long way to go before i fully get rid of my past baggage and flourish into the higher self i have always envisioned . to elaborate on my question , ... for me , if a friend or relative is feeling intense emotions i tend to get anxiety and also start to feel what they are feeling . it mixes with my emotions to the point that i can't even identify what ... i love it when women find my native tongue attractive ( serbo - croatian ) . unfortunately not many do that i came across . i personally like japanese and other asian languages . probably cause it sounds so ... '