' nicole , i'm not going to trip with you , like i said for the umpeenth time , i should've said wannabes in general , and yes i did sense some comments differing from the infj people i know personally , ... @ nicole , you're all the way wrong about me , and if i had an ulterior motive . if you read the dialogue throughout the thread you would have seen that i said i should have left off the infj in the ... trust me i have no problem defending myself , i just think being an online warrior / having heart online is a waste of time . i don't play that game . let's say what we want respectfully . @ le , i am paranoid , thanks for the compliment and sincerity though =] ... i am no mbti expert , i am not trippin ' , everybody is entitled to express their reality and feelings . i attacked no one ... jealousy will get you nowhere , its very ugly . you and i are supposed to be so much alike , but you don't know me , and trust me i don't try to be a hard ass at all . i may come across as an asshole for saying things people think i shouldn't say ... i'm curious are you being facetious ? i know i am all of those things , maybe not the popular part . but i am recognized , and not a nobody . thanks love , i'm still nervous . may i ask you a question ? why did you call his comment astute ? when clearly he was trying to clown me . i'm new to the board , that's cool it blew up . i just don't like ... omg , best comment ever ! ! ! thank you . seriously i wanted to be a paleontologist , but i never had a favorite dinosaur , i wonder why ? hmmm ... i should have left the infj out , and just put wanna-be's . i'm really annoyed at starting this thread now . i hate to be the center of attention . i will try not to start threads anymore , lol . i'm ... coming from you i'm not surprised : laughing : i'm not phased because you can't see what i can see , you're blind to the fact . now i will merrily skip along through my day thinking of your post laughing ... i'm truly paranoid , i feel like you're talking about me , lol . i am a trip though , i must admit , i try not to be and i've gotten a lot better over the years . nobody is 100 % anything , lol . i'm not 100 % black , i'm not 100 % ghetto , i'm not 100 % sweet . it is what it is , but people can have traits , but don't front like you're something you're not . i can ... lol , that is how i usually say it , but i wasn't trippin ' ! ! lol understandable , and you drove my point home . why try to be something you aren't ? ? why try to be a label ? why try to judge your life on letters ? it is what it is , and a true whatever know their own ... no problem dear . the i is in high gear as usual , in particular when i see an e asking the questions . i didn't mean to offend you , you put it out there and i couldn't help myself but to answer ... lol . just keeping it real with an extrovert who didn't mind my opinion at all . thanks for the comment . take care , have a swell day ! ! ! lol ... i'm new to the board . i do not have anyone in mind on this board . i don't want to start mess and get shit started , please no one hurt anyone's feelings and point them out . i'm just saying i've ... hell no , lol , you've got jokes today i see . lol , you just don't get it . i can seriously spot a fake a mile away , it is my gift since i was a child . yes it matters that much ! ! ! it boils my blood , irritate me to the ultimate degree ! ! ! i ... i am talking about the one's who seriously know they were misleading when they took the test , just maybe answering how they wish they were , is all i'm saying . i'm certain there are fakes in every ... lol , you are so cool with your keen observation . i love it ! ! ! they do do this , and yes they are super fake ! ! ! one thing to bullshit the world , but a damn shame when you bullshit yourself . annoying to ... nobody wants a project , but the wanna-be infj sure and the hell want to be one to seem different . i can dissect their sentence and see they aren't an infj , and its very annoying . absolutely not . i have no attachment to things . i put some of my energy into the few people whom i've allowed into my life , not objects . i am in the midst of throwing away papers though . i hate ... natural sounds . why would someone want to be a wanna-be infj ? we really live an awkward life . i do sense some people who aren't infj's by the things that they say . i'm not tripping , but it is ultra annoying ... when they genuinely like me , and seek me out . appreciate and respect my genius . have enough intelligence to see i'm the real deal . and as long as they are real people and not fake . i'm sorry , i just have to say , you're annoying me with all of the questions . not saying excuse me . for an example , if someone is looking at an item on the shelf at the grocery store , and i am going down that aisle as i pass them i say excuse me . i can't stand when people ... f * @ ! all of you no good b ! * @ #es ! ! ! 30 seconds later : i love all of you , i'll come back to watch over you . by this friday i will have at least one concrete goal that i need to achieve , post it here , and follow through . i have many goals i'll love to achieve , but i'm not that ambitious , everytime i ... 1 . people who don't take a shower / bathe / freshen up , but in public destroying the fresh air you were breathing . 2 . people who fart in public and walk away leaving the fart around you making it seem ... you lose interest easy . okay i keep getting notices of everyone's answers in general , i only took the question initially as if it were a friend . so here are my answers , all of them are # 1 to me : being fake . lying to me ... this is the school of life , to me . i am floating so much and for so long that i'm ready to fly . i fly in my dreams and they bring me so much pleasure . i just want to do right by the lord and when my ... dirtysmilez , i love , love , love your stories because they are good and you know how to write ! ! ! i use to be an avid reader as a kid , but when i became an adult it ceased because most people don't ...  i'm a fat girl ( currently ) and it is totally funny to me because some of it i have done or ... bipolar , does that count ? they're both cold . i'm from california and can't tell the difference . i think i fabricated pre-walls most certainly when i was younger , ready to throw those bad boys up immediately when the shit hits the fan . i always was famous for changing my phone number to block ... i do it all the time ; even in public ( but not nearly as often , lol , i get embarrassed when i catch myself--but then i let it go and don't care really ) . i will have to say none . it use to insult my intelligence . now , i just think they are dumb as hell , and i remind them not to ask me the same dumb question again . they usually don't want to hear my advice because i don't ... dirtysmilez , i don't usually read long posts , but stories like that always capture my attention . your dad was trippin ' hard ; and you are an innate infj , lol . cool . i have a question for you , could ... if i don't want you to know you'll never know . sounds like they aren't stable jw or not who wants to be friends with unstable people ? that will only make you unstable or more unstable if you are . besides jw's are weird and zombies to me . i ... : laughing : nope , but i will check it out antrist . thanks . i enjoy being alone . i love my free time to think , sort things out , no invasive vibrations from others . although i am no misanthrope , maybe borderline at times , lol , but i like the company of others ... when you don't give a shit , but you give a shit . '