' * chirp * not me , hope to hear someone else great idea . let's set up a secret identifier like a golden piercing on the webbing between our right ring and pinky fingers . then on the train or at the library , we can awkwardly pretend not to ... how much more yoda can you get ? maybe green username if you ask nicely ? somebody post one of those shields : happy : they are what validates my overdue existence . mine is a very stylized version of the chinese character for tao , or the way . it's the central concept of ... it depends on my mood climate . right now , the mood climate is love : neutral , mental_space : large , excitation : low . this leads me to classical music . i'm listening to a beautiful ravel and mussorgsky ... if you're writing about your thinking , that's better than what i do most of the time ! do you let anyone read it ? have you considered that your daydreaming about your college texts ( if i got that ... you said he likes to joke around . i use humor as a lifeline of communication . i will fashion this type of humor to be absurd , but to contain a truth nonetheless . a truth that i may feel too deeply ... oh man . they even put a warning . zompist.com worlddreambank.org weird is good . i can't watch that video because my flash plugin keeps crashing on me . but i recognize that stick figure from those sacred geometry videos my fi-dom friends keep pushing on me . and honestly , the ... try europa universalis iv . it's a history simulation game where you play as a nation from the late middle ages up to the napoleonic wars . it's verys elaborate with systems for trade , combat , nation ... yeah , i feel now like the flax oil is basically a scam ... i realize that one must be receptive to information even - especially - when it challenges some belief or practice that is seen as important ... 25/26 . i substituted words for the letters to help me think up the situations etc . i'm sure actually knowing the rules of formal logic works a lot better but honestly , i think it is not a very ... i have to admit i learnt . thanks . so flax only supplies wildly inefficient ala . how about algae based supplements ? i've read good things about them in the last 15 minutes , but maybe you know more ? ? sure . i don't crusade in real life though , as i've found that quiet , humble example will get people thinking for themselves while argument will turn them defensive and hostile . only as an intp , i ... tell me how that's logical . don't give me the old because they're made of meat . because so are you . i sure as hell hope that worldwide omnivorism never needs you to defend it , because obviously the only argument you can offer might just as well be used by anyone to justify any kind of wrong : ... most of your post is just the same stale non-arguments that any vegetarian could refute in their sleep but this one ... just ... wat i'm a vegetarian and passively a vegan . meaning that i don't buy or ask for any animal products , but i will eat eggs or dairy when someone cooks them for me . when asked for my reasons , i always feel ... a forum is not a good place for intps to mind-meld . for me , the most satisfying intellectual exchanges are face to face , in real life , which has a number of advantages compared to forum conversation : ... just today i was in a meeting on my political project ( local pirate party ) . there was a guy i'd never met before and he asked me some friendly questions . i fumbled my words completely and must have ... pistols . my aim is better when repeatedly clicking than burst firing . : crazy : but seriously . haven't gotten it to work yet though . awesome thread ! i feel i have a lot more random stuff ... you guys don't have any si , or are you all hiding it under the rug ? : ninja : ... these are soviet scores : laughing : madlysane : a diet with plenty of fresh vegetables of different kinds provides more than enough protein for most people , even without soy . if you do exercise a lot , i guess supplementing it with soy ... yes , mursi was elected democratically . but that doesn't mean his regime was right . in fact , i believe he made a mistake known as the tyranny of the majority . fundamentalists worldwide are great at ... abdurrahman kh when a person quits eating meat , they stop producing certain enzymes necessary to digest it . after a while , most of us start getting disgusted by it . i hate the smell of roast chicken ... that's commendable , but inaccurate . first , you already speak english and italian , so you have the germanic and romance branches covered . therefore german will not be necessary . the scandinavian ... are you from quebec ? wanna talk about it ? do you always feel like this ? how long have you been in this relationship ? straightening shampoo ! a friend recommended it to me , i was like why not , don't know why i'm using this shampoo anyways ! then two weeks later , an urban bird pooped on me , but the guano slid right ... i love language . the most obvious way to express this love has been studying languages , but in fact , it's language as a whole that interests me the most . my first language is dutch . then i learned ... 27 , little whoop . i noticed i never chose embarassment , shame or guilt : blushed : wonder what that means ? could we say those are some fe-related emotions , as opposed to anger , despondency etc being ... oh , i really want to play now ... why do they use java though , don't want to foul up my laptop with that stuff . i'll try it at home , thanks ! you're making a thread for a poll to ask which threads you should open ? that's pretty meta . i'd say start all of them except this one . if they're interesting , they will generate discussions . if not , ... search engines . now residual deviance , could you give me the name of that game / site ? i can't find it . great choice of emblems ! , thanks for your praise :p roud : i've retired for now , i suggest you ask wolfrahm who is making the next generation of shields ! absolutely , it's ... my final shields for the time being : a penguin for his dudeness , and a furry bat for adhr 26 . i was going to put in an animated tongue , but it was too small on ... a few basic scenarios : 1 . other person is an extrovert . believe it or not , most extroverts like to talk without needing any cause or reason ! they've been intrigued with how silent and mysterious ... imagine someone on your floor who is like you . how will they find you ? you like to stay inside your room a lot , you don't talk very much apart from greetings ... people can't see the real you unless ... here you go , link to template.svg : awesome , ! i was hoping you'd step up to the challenge : cool : i wonder what program you use ? i'm using inkscape , i can send you the template if you like . of course , being an intp , chances ... hey guys , sure , i'll make a few more ! roland 787 , , dudeness and , you can expect a shield soon :p roud : i'm afraid i'm going to stop taking requests after these . it's been fun , ... i've just compared a number of translations , and they all seem to differ a lot from each other , often to a point where one translations says the exact opposite of the other . the original text is ... i don't quite see what you're getting at . what's so interesting about lots of other people being interested ? this is one chapter of the tao te ching , the basis of taoist thought . as such , ... if someone refers to a man as ' crazy ' , i imagine him setting fire to city quarters and strangling baby dolphins . well , more generally , being aggressive . if i hear about a woman being crazy , i ... so , my username seems to indicate an interest in taoism aka daoism . but it didn't , i just liked the sound of those words . now i got curious and investigated . i'm reading to an audiobook version of ... roland 787 ah ha ! finally a sensor ! my favorite kind too . yesterday i was sitting outside in the chilly night , heated by the flames of a huge istp-built rocket stove . it was a good night :p roud : of ... '