' i was always a musical personality and went through trying a few instruments until i landed on electric guitar as i had had dreams of trying out that distorted rock tone . and now i've played guitar ... just leaving this here out of boredom :P ... and i'm quite unsure if i'm an enfp at all . what does this tell about me : atm i am stressed with people around me and the external world so i started learning something about linux and managed to make two usb drives their home so to say ... damn i just noticed that my type has been set to unknown ? could my long absemce / inactivity cause that ? i can't remember if i set it myself . jeez i've finally finished my half year military service and i'm very happy to be home even if i broke my arm two days before getting home xd the moment you find out your gf is into mbti too and says she's infp while you thought she's just a bit more quiet enfp :D she's awesome :D also i only have 39 days of military service left ! ... same .. omg if i make any mistakes while in public , it makes me want to hide in a basement . now i can be totally happy go lucky , half of my conscription is done and i found a girlfriend :D dd ... when you can be irresistible to an irresistible person ;D some spanish speaking region like south america so i could improve my spanish . the second would be japan / other far east asian country because i want to experience a few cultural shocks :D ... you concider 200k - 1m small ? o . o i'm an enfp from a town of 8000 and 200k and up are enormous if you ask me xd so i think you just need to find the part of town where all enfp's have gathered with ... it is really hard to type her yet , we haven't yet been in a situation that'd reveal intuitive or sensory traits too well . but the reaction wasn't negative , she wants to go out again :) thank you , ... is it possible to hug an isfp too early ? i met a girl and we went out three times the same weekend , . i initiated the first one and she initiate the next two . we are getting to know each other and ... i am only one pokemon away from finishing pokemon red myself . and i can't find one with surf ! my answer to both of rhose questions is yes :P actually , i want those as t-shirts . two that say next to impossible and two that say impossible :D will you take next to impossible as an answer ? i have an entj little brother , we often sat / stood next to each other so that's why and you know how entj kids can be :P <- also my first little sister ... well i already possess the ability to read people's minds but it's a bit limited , i need to know the person and focus on them so i guess that's n : o 1 # 2 jedi powers , that's basically everything ... i guess i have a lot of developed j for dressing up properly . anyway i have been wondering about going redhead after military service :D i will be out in june so we will see :D * cough * i am a dude ! :P but seriously , does enfp personality have something to do with our genes and hormones ? example : i used to have a heavy metal style long hair , naturally wavy and a couple ... ... just met a possible enfp girl at the bar . we had a great time getting to know each other and exchanged phone numbers as well . wish me luck ! :D i believe enfp's have more than just nine lives :D at least from my petsonal experoence , i always seem to make it with just being scared rather than being ( badly ) injured . i have personal experience of this done by an enfj and somebody who was probably a se dom . so please do not accuse a certain type for this because any type can do this , it just depends on the ... not enough , i don't want to see them either :P how could i introvert in a crowded / noisy place ? i really need time to just be alone those thoughts are a trap , don't fall for it . any good company will get you to a better mood . so just make a decision to talk to at least one interesting person a day and you'll be much more ... i get along the best with ixfp and enxp types and i guess i can add xntj . i don't know if i fall in love easily , very unsure . no idea yes , i use social media a bit too much . i guess semi ... that's sefinitely si which is rejecting new information as unnecessary because they have always been happy with old information my only advice is to save things that you are using and going to use within the next few days . stuff that can be useful or will be used in nonspecific time just have to go . especially if you're ... it has it's advantages , i can easily hang out with people older than me :D it's not weird because it's ne lol :D i don't hang out too often since the town is small and bores the hell out of me . i would if i had a motorbike or so but it'd probably make me ride around or go to a bigger place for entertainment . i ... i am a bigger brother for one guy who's an entj and two sisters who are a bit too young to type . also my stepdad seems like istx so i have some thinker influence . and oh , i seem to have f and t ... 464770 did an intj just troll there when this street was designed ? : tongue : will try black lagoon and neon genesis evangelion as soon as i can :) can anyone recommend me and other enfp's some really interesting anime ? i know i don't have much time on me and my attention span is horrible but if the first few minutes hook me then i'll probably ... 19 and from finland , will be 20 this year ^ ^ true , the army i am doing my military service in , the finnish defense forces , is sjpposedly very different from the us army . here everyone has the same basic training and then get put to special ... cats are said to have 9 lives but i think you have a little more :D dd i am 19 , will turn 20 in the end of may and i tested out as enfp on april 2015 . and after that i have tried various tests and more than 50 % of the time i get enfp , the second ones are infp ( when ... music and electronics . i was always a straight a pupil / student in music and i was chosen to an extended course of music because of having exact ear . and at age 11 i started playing guitar so it got ... here we say a calm soldier is a good soldier so i think you'd nail it :D but venturing out when it's time for training would be concidered as a military crime and you would have to do extra service ... well the only routines we have are waking up at 6 am and going to bed at 10 pm while having something to eat every 5-6 hours , we eat a lot at once . the first two weeks have had very different days so ... here homosexuality wouldn't be a problem in the military and a psychological illness would get me in the position that i wouldn't be able to apply for a job because it would be put on some medical ... it doesn't make us male enfps any less mystical :D some of us enfps are more down to earth ... okay maybe we all are but we are able to have our heads up in the skies while walking on the ground :P i don't know whether to post this into random thoughts or this but here goes : as i am now a rookie soldier how do you think each type would be as a soldier ? :P it's just a random question :D during those times i listen to the heaviest music i have on my playlist and go out for a walk . that being said i am a big fan of metal music so it's most likely blackened death metal . they're damn nice to you if you know how to behave :D lucy aka lucyy on the forum yeah , i know pragmatism to a some extent , my stepfather seems like an istx and i am not sure about mom but most likely an e type , maybe a thinker yet not a highly ... '