' as an infp , how would you rate your sex drive ? not legit-nympho level but would you be able to compete sexually with someone who's drive is really high ? i'm about a 7 or 8 . i enjoy sex a lot because ... 424658 so basically a poop version of willy wonka's factory . :p roud : can you imagine the adventure your poop goes through once you flush it ? 424626 when i hang out with someone one on one and they're constantly on their phone . whenever i'm down , my enfp friends always know how cheer me up . they're also inspiring when i start to doubt myself . plus ee have many things in common . love them . we ride unicorns to battle . yeah i'm pretty much similar to you . though if i'm really really really angry , i'll let them have it . i feel like if an infp ever has to yell , armageddon would follow . otherwise , i'll kick their ... people often tell me i'm a good listener so during high school , i would listen and give advice to my friends if they when they were upset . ended up having about 4 girls who liked me but i was ... my room looks like a tornado hit it and then came back again for seconds . i have clothes everywhere . idk how some of your rooms are so clean . looolll ! i think this best describes my mind hahahahaha ! saw this a while back . i thought it was pretty interesting . any thoughts ? 369626 damn we're like all over the place hahaha ! no one from new york : frustrating : stay weird , my infp friends . 369610 lol most likely . i swear i'm nice though hahahaha this is pretty much the same as me haha . i used to play world of warcraft . it was like a drug . currently playing ssb 4 and some indie games that show up on steam . you don't even know ... or maybe you do lol there was a time where i wished i had it . however , if i ever had the book , i would never use it lol . unless i really needed to . like really needed to hahaha i actually do think about rainbows and unicorns from time to time . there will be people like that unfortunately : rolleyes : . we just gotta ignore them and do what we got to do . sometimes i daydream about wiping people like that off the face off the earth lol i know this feeling . it's rough . i used to be a waiter at a restaurant and i walked over to a table because they had no food on their plates . i asked , hello sir , are you finished with your food ? he ... i like to daydream a lot and some of my friends always ask if i'm high . sometimes i look very cold and reserved when i'm by myself . uniqlo corporate infp here ! wooo ! : rolleyes : i actually dislike my job a lot . i got a degree in computer science and i've been questioning my career path a lot lately . this place doesn't really pay ... my intj friend has called me innocent , however most of my friends say i look really distant , cold , and mean when i'm on the train . it sucks if the other person only wants to talk about themselves haha . definitely helping people . when you help someone who can't ever repay you back , it's the best feeling in the world . everyday . most of the time i keep it to myself unless i'm around people i'm close with . for some reason i feel like if i were put in a room with a person wearing that shirt , i'd end up just being even more socially awkward lol . lol 357026 they're the hero earth deserves , but not the one it needs right now . so we'll hunt them . because they can take it . because they're not our hero . they're a silent guardian , a watchful protector . a ... i prefer games that require cooperation . games like payday 2 or monster hunter . sometimes i play competitive games like dota 2 but only if friends are playing . playing solo in competitive multiplayer ... all of us need to go out and get a tshirt that says infp and walk around . problem solved : laughing : . i've been hanging out with the my close friends since i was a in high school and turns out 3 ... when i played ( like few years ago ) , i always enjoyed playing support . i think sona was pretty good at the time so she was one of my favorites . not sure how the meta is today . probably really ... cause you might not respond and it will make me feel as if i asked / said something stupid . : tongue : 356506 lol glad i haven't failed you haha . when i mean common ground , i mean try finding what you and the other person like . sometimes when people ask me what i do on my spare time , i'll tell them a little ... probably gonna delete this later . my best friend and i at the supermarket . 355890 3558 98 hey iremember ! sorry that you're going through such a rough time . i'll try my best to debunk the communication question . how do i even start to communicate with people ? that's kind of rough for ... before i discovered being an infp , i tried to be an extrovert . i pretty much forced it on myself because it seemed like everyone that i knew preferred to socialize all time and do all these high ... i know that feeling . i usually ignore people . i accept that everyone has their own views and perspective on different situations . i also try to put myself in their shoes to see how i would feel . however , if someone keeps ... i'm what you made , god . fuck yes i'm so odd . - kid cudi what if opposite day was real ... i prefer cannabis . i haven't tried other drugs . it lets me be creative and it makes me so relaxed at the same time . i prefer to do it alone though . it's basically my me time where i just get lost ... i think i'm going through that rap phase right now . do youtube videos count ? lol lol dude ! yes ! i had a ra when i dormed in my college . whenever i see her , i'd say hi ! and smile at her . she would do the same . fast forward to the end of my semester , my roommate tells me that she thought i was ... '