genious . deep stuff right there , it's on a higher level than me it seems . all i can say is that i get why you're a super member here . well i don't know exactly , dayz is just a game . if you die you lose all the gear you've managed to get so far and you respawn and you can try to run and find your body to see what's left , where in ... i know i'd like to be able to put ' ' apocalyptic entreprenour ' ' on my resume . anyways i'd probably end up killing everyone on sight since i would be too paranoid about people after playing too much ... stocking on addicting substances is just plain genious and quite evil too , love it . you would be some sort of product-overlord . so far there's been random books scattered through my school-years that i don't really remember . now i've gotten into reading and i have a lot of books that i plan to read , ( metro 2033 - series , hunger ... no i was talking about northwinds sig i'm sorry to say ! :) absolutely , exactly the same here . people who have written with me before they've met me have been very disappointed because i'm so crippled when it comes to speaking . that is kind of sad , but ... ( excuse me if the pictures are big , i've never posted pictures here before ) darkest hour - deliver us death - ... this is my list of movies i really don't like and i'll probably never watch again . open water : what can i say , i'm just not a big fan of seeing two people take bath in the ocean for about 1-2 ... i sure am prone to spouts of depression but now i'm pretty much just fine , though i sure am not very prone to optimism . i'd say i'm the realist everyone sees as a pessimist , ( i know , shocking ... melancholy phlegmatic no , i am probably like 90 % atheist 10 % agnostic . i always end up playing as a sneaky character . i've tried several times to play as some brute who battles everyone at once but it's nowhere near as fun as sneaking , thievery and assassination . a ... monotone at the moment it's agalloch - hallways of enchanted ebony . though most agalloch songs make me feel somewhat of what you say . to me the physical importance is quite important since if i don't like their looks i can't exactly be attracted to them , that's about as far as i go on looks . i do however not like what's ... yep , i'm not however . well , welcome to our forums then . i hope you'll be feeling at home here , i sure have . maybe we could start sharing our lyrics with eachother to get someone elses perspective on them before we tell ... i suppose we are , i think the best thing to do is not worry too much . our brains are telling us ' ' nooo don't put that out there , everyone one will know what you think and feel and can use it ... this . i can totally relate to what you mean when it comes to this . every line you put down makes you feel a bit proud and at the same time stupid . i think that when we write meaningful lyrics we're kind of ... the deceased chuck schuldiner from the band death , he plays guitar and stand for the vocals . i've read somewhere that a lot of people suspect him of being an infj and i'm one of them . tell me what ... i have no idea if this is infj-related at all but sure i can share some of my weirdness . : wink : 1 . every now and then when i stretch myself when i've just woken up or when i'm tired or whatever , i ... i'm sorry , i totally understand you when you feel bad when watching that video but this video just made me laugh way more than it should have xd . on topic it's the same for me when it comes to ... i was just browing around in the socionics forum and i found something i thought would fit with this thread so here it is . ' ' infjshttp :/ / www.socionics.com/prof/common/graph/q-mark.gif have a very ... it's happened very many times that people tell me that i look sad or a bit down , i suppose i don't really do any sort of expression with my mouth unless i'm smiling or laughing etc . it probably ... i heard that chuck schuldiner from death was an infj and that makes me really proud to be an infj musician :) yes i played shows with all of the setups . the first few were just for some things in school ( eighth and ninth grade ) . but so far i've played 2 shows at the local ' ' music club ' ' . you know where local ... well i've been in 3 or 4 different setups but it's always been focused mostly on different kinds of metal . we've played things like metallica , anthrax , black sabbath , trivium and black label society ... thanks a lot for the pointers , what kind of music did / do you play ? thank you , it means a lot . the first i ever heard of a famous introvert frontman being extremely shy at first was james hetfield . he couldn't play or sing properly until quite some time at their live ... do you feel it was a setback to be an introvert up there ? uh hello fellow infj's i play in a band where i both sing and play guitar . being a frontman for a band is something that normally isn't considered to be a job for an introvert , but here i am . i have ... i'm not abnormal , i'm just normal in an abnormal way . sounds like a nice relationship really , too bad you were in different locations :( it's true that we have trust issues but i probably wouldn't have a problem with an entp . my best friend is most probably an entp , sometimes i can get annoyed by him but so far he's been the only one ... that sounds like a really nice experience with intp's , i'm kind of new to mbti so i don't really know what i'm talking about most of the time but i too really appreciate feeling genuinly appreciated ... ken 07 really interesting video , thanks for getting that in here :) i realise that there's not really any ' ' letter template ' ' for what person you would fall for but i thought it would be fun to ... i realise i forgot to say what i think in the op . i usually seem to fall really hardly for other introverts , especially the ones who seem left out in the cold by other people . i usually am a sucker ... i tried searching around perc to see if there already existed a thread like this but i didn't find one so i thought i'd start one . if one exists already i'm sorry i'm a copy cat . : frustrating : ... things i might do is either tell / ask them something which gets them thinking and quiet for a while . at other times i just lock myself up in my cocoon with my headphones bringing me the sweet nectar ... i really recognize myself on feeling under-appreciated on my birth day all because of thinking of ideal situations . as clevernessofme said i also have to force myself to think ' ' don't except ... well i'm the youngest in my family . i have a brother and a sister , i also have a half-brother and a half-sister . i was born with about a 16 year gap between me and them :/ i just thought this i've often found it hard to understand my emotions with my intuituon being aimed outwards . i've since long thought ' ' i wonder what i would think of myself , if i got to see mee ... so here's my list :) 1.my guitar playing 2.my singing 3.my eyes 4.my english 5.listening skills 6.being a quick learner 7.my inability to keep my room clean ( lol just kidding xd ) toki wartooth - metalocalypse daryl dixon & michonne - the walking dead andy dufresne - the shawshank redemption mr . bean - mr . bean glados & wheatley - portal franchise gandalf - lord of the ... it's really annoying and sad to get so hung up on your ex but it's something you can't help it until you're happy again . really strange how you can be so hung up on one of them , then another one ... people think i eat really quickly . i usually devour my meal in about 4 minutes , don't know why just happens naturally xd i can relate to most infj's , but with other 4w5 ' s specifically .