' i think it is hardwired in some males . i've never really seen the need to have a platonic friendship with a woman . there have been a select few woman i've just been friends with but i always had ... definitely more cons than pros , especially in a relationship . i do have some rare pros though that could balance out the cons with the right person . shit that poem depressed me and i'm not even in that situation . if the angry music gets old listen to some rap yo , rappers typically offer sound advice with the ladies . depends on the quality of the author . good fiction authors have me sitting on the edge of my seat ( figuratively ) which equates to no sleep . if i need to sleep i just read some quantum mechanics . i played soccer , hockey , and football competitively growing up . i've always been able to walk into any sport and be proficient . i train typically on a daily basis for my overall well being . it allows ... luckily dogs are utterly faithful although your wife might be the same . i was talking about with girls i'm dating , marriage might be a different dynamic . if i ever get married i still don't see ... my mother and sister dragged me to church every sunday until i was 14 . i used to always think that christianity was such an incompetently thought out religion and that i could create a much more ... i'm territorial over some things like my space if you enter my room without my asking i'm liable to bitch . when i camp i always strategically pee around my site to fend off predators . when it comes ... your boyfriend reminds me of myself in a past relationship . i would lie to my girlfriend about things i felt were best kept to myself . she knew i was lying somehow and ended up digging through much ... my physical stamina is quite good , i exercise a couple hours on a daily basis . my emotional stamina is honed in some areas , i have a quite high threshold for pain . my mental stamina is incredibly ... love that quote , this is one of my favorites . “ how long will this last , this delicious feeling of being alive , of having penetrated the veil which hides beauty and the wonders of celestial ... i like the clean slate approach but sometimes my mind does wander to times i enjoyed with ex's . i think it's good to remember the good and the bad regarding ex's so you know what to look for in a ... i watched a chick flick this morning and enjoyed it * runs away * i don't fight for a cause just because it's socially acceptable . if anything i fight for things that aren't socially acceptable . i'm a super friendly guy it takes unnecessary amounts of bullshit to ... school and life have just been kicking my ass , i'll probably be around for a bit though . hope this girl doesn't have you stuck in a fe bubble . i think it would be best to just completely cut this girl out of your life . as bad as its going to suck its probably best for your mental health . best case scenario she will miss your friendship and ... i say go for it man . i used to always go to this run down old book store while on work break . one of the ladies working would always talk to me . i'm a complete book nerd as she was so we always had ... i don't like asking for help with anything . my life could be in danger and i probably still wouldn't ask . virtualvortexrider sometimes drinking your piss isn't such a bad thing . the best way for differentiating the best female for you would be eeny , meeny , miny , moe ( catch a tiger by its toe ) . i'm quite frugal so i can pay for tuition and food . * sighs * i feel both of these things should be free . why walk when you can roll ? humans are definitely still evolving , evolution never halts in life . while there is little natural selection now ( due to technology ) , there are still some prime examples of it . in the us soldiers are ... i always have trouble working while in school too man . some of us just aren't designed for insane work loads . my suggestion would be to cut back on work and focus on school ( if possible ) . as for the ... apathy raves are an excellent place for an intp to go out imo . my roommate used to drag me to them but i always enjoyed myself . its nice to be able to rage on a dance floor every once in awhile . the ... as evolution slowly removed hair from humans ( to allow sweating ) the last ice age hit . this made clothing a necessity for humans not living near the equator . as for why we still wear clothing ? i have ... i think its a unique trait to him but maybe someone else will chime in , typically us intp's are slobs :p roud : could you elaborate a little more on this ? i've found all of my spiritual experiences to have no correlation with the christian god . were your spiritual experiences all in a place of christian ... you sure he's not intj ? i wash my hands about once a day when i shower , i haven't been sick in years so germs don't phase me . arrogant ? no , but definitely pathetic . an instructor should be able to own the instructed in whatever subject applies . if peers were less intelligent / conditioned than the instructor , while you were ... i've been doing some research lately on human relationships . i stumbled across this video and thought it brought up some interesting ... if you look like mila kunis just get physical with this guy . if he has any experience with girls he will know to capitalize on the situation . i would just find a way to get him alone ( preferably at ... you sounds similar to me in the sense of no fucks to give . i'm about as nihilistic as they come . i think you should get yourself back in school ( if possible ) . the way i look it we might as well enjoy ... i have overachieved a couple times in dating , typically after a break-up . i have come to the conclusion that underachieving with dates works best for me . i've been in an isolation tank a few different times . as the guy in the video mentioned , you go into an altered state of consciousness . i had one of the most spiritual experiences of my life inside a ... i'm against the email / text idea . in person you would be able to judge his reactions much better and it's humorous to put an intp on the spot . also this dude could be absent minded and not check his ... haha i'm the one on the left figureskater most of my family has blonde hair and blue eyes except my intj cousin and i , we're the oddballs ; physically and mentally lol anyone would see an improvement on adhd medication . there's a reason why 90 % of american adults drink caffeine on a daily basis . ever wonder why so many college students take adderall ? stimulants ... i don't see add / adhd as an illness . i have it too but just because i can't focus on shit doesn't mean i'm ill / disabled . i think our thought process is just different from the majority . psychiatry at ... i completely agree with this . if some girl gave me a card on my birthday with a number i would over think it . for example did she just give me her number because it was my birthday ? . just corner ... it could just be an epic procrastination problem , i'm the same way . i'm typically quite efficient with this cramming method though . i agree with 2fast4u2 about the stimulants . they seem awesome at ... when your trying to read is it for leisure or for school ? i have trouble reading school shit i have no interest in . careful with the meds , most doctors are just glorified drug dealers . my isfj cousin and i . the photographer nearly squeaked a smile out of the both of us . 49115 i like some dubstep but prefer progressive house like deadmau 5 i now enjoy interesting classes in college but elementary school was torture for me . my older sister taught me at a young age , so i would be sitting in class listening to a teacher regurgitate ... this is whats fucked with our society , the answer to any ailment is throwing pills at it . i also got placed into the add box in school due to my dieing of boredom . obviously different student ... i'm still in search of the bull . i feel i should be further along by now as a 21 yr old but i'm not sure which path i want to take in life . it happens to the best of us , sometimes its best to just let it out . i find while procrastinating i become productive in every other thing i'm not supposed to be doing . today i should be studying for an exam ; i have yet to study and today has easily been my most ... i'm somewhat involved with an istp right now . shes very intelligent and seems to think through everything before she says it . we share a class and shes very reserved with socializing , even more so ... '