' every time i've given advice or tried to help someone i have been rejected . i still want to help though . nope , they're just unaware of how those around them feel . boring . the quantity obviously does matter because one good friend is better than zero . you can't have zero quality friends can you ? the part about not being able to tell people to fuck off is so true . if someone is trying to be kind to me it's impossible for me to reject them , well , to reject them outright . i've already rejected ... i totally agree . there's also another way to interpret this comment : you are such a loser that only the most desperate people will try to befriend you and you will put up with them because you ... i think this to myself a lot but there's a part of me which finds it really hard to believe that i attract friendship and that i must be fooling myself . woe is me , everyone wants to be my friend ... it's funny how a type which revolves around emotions so much can appear so emotionless to others . i probably will try , but it'll only be with people i trust . i've never been drunk because i'm afraid of the things i might do if i'm even slightly less inhibited . someone said to me and i felt pretty offended . i wonder if that's because it's true ? i have very few actual friends and a bunch of people who i put up with although it feels awful to say it that ... 74962 oh wow , this thread . the fact that we can't respond to it at all says a lot . i suggest code geass , but i understand that it's not for everyone . it's sort of like death note crossed with evangelion but on a larger scale . lol , my closest entp friend just tells me to act more like everyone else and be less stuck up all of the time . :/ but then there would be even less people to be friends with ! oh , i ... living in the moment over analysis paralysis ? it sounds like a good plan . this seems to be a huge weak point for our type . besides acting , i don't think there's a way to change how we come across to ... it always weirded me out when people with rare and dangerous diseases find out about others suffering from the same condition and say things like it feels good to know others are going through the ... i hope this thread generates some positive ideas for everyone , but i am being a little selfish with this . i appreciate any help anyone can offer . welcome my glorious commissar ! i am requesting ... be careful with the army , i don't know where you live but us infjs need to be following our own morals . good point , but remember that in the modern day workforce , an extrovert is in their own forest camp . sorry for the loserly title but apparently ( interesting and descriptive titles usually yield more and better responses ) i'm alt , and i'm here to learn about myself and others . no u . yeah i'm like this as well . i don't reveal anything on facebook . my likes are empty and my photos and wall are always spartan at best . that's the way i want it , i mostly only use it to send pms to people anyway . i think it's more common for it to slant as everyone above me . she said no , then she went into fine detail on why she doesn't want to date in general . but i'm totally fine with that , we're still friends and nothing has changed between us , except i got one less ... hmm , my best travel experience was going to mt aspiring national park and staying there in a lodge . the mountains and scenery were so amazing . it was such an odd feeling to have a world so surreal ... i'm not stalking you i promise but you seem to be on the front page quite a bit . xd that dream seems was awful . i had a dream i was walking through a dodgy neighbourhood to be jumped by a gang ... i feel like a climax in my life is building up and something big and exciting is going to happen . i feel like all my work is about to pay off . i can see a fork in the road , which split into many more ... moonlightning , get of the * * * computer ! i hide behind a mask of a histrionic smart-ass . i often insult people and claim it's just for fun because i have no idea how to communicate with people with different intrests as me . i admit it gets ... i want to know the truth . what why don't you don't to defend your view ? that sounds like fun ! i find being publicly angry incredibly embarassing . i tend to completely avoid any situation in which i could get extremely angry because i know the results aren't pretty . i value my self-control ... i can't be the only one who felt a little anxious at the title of this thread . : tongue : this happens to me mainly because of my very restricted interests i wish i could care about the things the ... uhh the opposite actually . recently i've been hanging out with friends nearly every day . i ususally don't , at all . i'm quite content to amuse myself and i get enough interaction at school to satisfy ... gaining mastery over this is a key way of surviving as an infj . instead of worrying yourself to death over something you can't control learning to mentally ctrl + alt + dlt and kill the useless ... i have a holiday job where i string lamb corpses on a conveyor for nine hours a day , five days a week . i had to do that or my sj parents would take away the internet all holidays . ; _ ; ixxx : leave me alone . this is completely legitimate . don't even think about trying to prove this false . here is a screenshot from the game : i admit it , i'm like this . not because i believe i am a member of the master personality type , rather the company of boring people bores me . however , i love trying new things , food especially . god ... heehee , i love anime but it's not something i've ever really gotten into . code geass is the only ( and will remain ) the only anime i've every gone out of my watch to watch . ( hell , i actually bought ... i'd never give up , unless i found something more meaningful to do . are you saying the sex industry is any less legitimate than any other industry ? what about singers who sell their voice or a trapeze artist who risks their life to entertain others ? there is nothing ... wait , which one do i say now ? macaroni is on the bottom of my food pyramid , us infj should have a macaroni party . of course , nobody would turn up and if they did , everyone would sit awkwardly around the room . i often say ... i feel empathy for my enemies which boosts my self-esteem to an arrogance level of over 9000 making me impervious to any criticism that i know isn't constructive . also , i find it difficult to say ... people ( estj ) tell me i would be good at having sexual intercourse with other males . i tend to disagree . on a more serious note , people think i'm good at science , mathematics , writing and martial ... i got sick of being able to predict what was going to happen ( not in a psychic way ) so i wrote my own . i'm currently in the process of editing ( see procrastinating ) the first draft . i love writing ... i'm pretty sure it's being torn apart by hordes of people who assume you're playing hard to get . when in fact you're playing , i'm too hard for you to get . ( ' get ' is referring to ' understand . ' ) '