' whoa ! this is so weird - - i finally , officially have a cafebot greeting . cheers , mate ! haha , thanks ! wow , i didn't realize that it's been over a month since i posted . i rarely log in . ugh , steam . they have such good sales , but the ones i've really been itching to play never get a ... i've been on this forum for a few years , but have never gotten too active for a number of reasons . soo here is my long overdue but very short introduction . early 20 ' s , filipinx-american . i'm ... i've heard good things about shin megami tensei ! and i haven't heard of the first 3 you've mentioned , but they seem pretty cool . yeah , i know ! have you ever played hotel dusk : room 215 or 999 zero escape ? fairy tales are cool . good fuel for the imagination and outlines morals told in sometimes twisted ways . i like both original stories and modern re-tellings of them . honestly when i first read some ... same , really enjoyed ace attorney . i thought professor layton was okay in itself , though - the logic puzzles were fun . aa's more of a wacky , japanese interactive novel with point-and-click elements ... haha , well i wouldn't exactly call it fine taste , but ever since i've become more socially conscious i tend to really look at the media i consume , taking note of problematic elements while at the ... music has kind of a spiritual effect on me . like , at times i listen to certain kinds of pieces / songs ( depends more on rhythm / speed / arrangement rather than lyrics , although lyrics might make a ... yes , completely agree with you on the disney sequels sans the toy story trilogy . it's like , why ? there was a reason that all of them were straight-to-video / dvd . and i , too , was pissed off when i ... yeah , i still am . firefox , avast , adblock plus . kotiskyshere likes to come out and play on random pages . haha , people have actually said that those two were the quintessential sues . bella : plain , submissive girl whom people suddenly fawn over . edward : ermygawd the hottest most perfect human being ... although a story doesn't have to be 100 % perfect in order for me to enjoy it , it irritates me whenever i see the following elements used in literature : - poor character development - naive ... interesting . i'd like to think that this painful numbness has the same intensity as sadness . scratch that , it is sadness , just experienced in a manner different from crying , isolation , etc ... hmm , my first instinct was to go with of course feelers cry more easily , and then it turned into but wait , perhaps feelers are just more comfortable with crying than thinkers ? yes , this ... do i care ? i don't know . why should i ? i don't know . is it worth the risk ? well , you tell me . is it worth risking having my feelings stepped on ? is it worth risking any of the sanity that i've ... love it , cosigned . this is so important to keep in mind , especially for those of us looking to become emotionally healthier people . aww , thank you so much ! * hugs back * you're right , it's the thought that counts . well , i'm quirky , bright , pretty , an intense feeler , empathic , able to draw attention through subtle gestures / expressions , laugh freely , kind , able to see the positives and negatives in most ... wow , amazing . alot of people picked water . for me , i picked it because water seems flexible , easy-flowing ( sans storms / natural disasters ) , cool , ever-changing yet never-ending ... fire is powerful , ... in the past , there have been a few . currently , no . only because i don't really have anyone that i could emotionally depend on . contributing factors are a mixture of my own hangups as well as this ... i'm exhausted in both body and mind , and wish i could legit hug someone right now . :-/ yeah , with people who are too polite , professional etc . i also tend not to trust too much and feel that they're just putting on an act to save face . although , of course , i've met those who did have ... wow , that sounds like a fantastic experience ! it actually makes me happy that someone was able to find such rejuvenation in solace consisting of independent undertakings ; truly , good for you ! ... read : scar from the anime fullmetal alchemist : brotherhood ( okay , he's not exactly a villain since he redeems himself and becomes aware of the consequences of his actions towards the end , but for a ... yeah , i tend to be more suspicious of people who maintain saint complexes . whereas i can be equally as skeptical of people who demonize themselves , but there could be a million reasons behind that ... no one is totally good nor totally evil . autumn : aftermath of rain , crisp breezes during walks ( yeah i think breezes have a somewhat calming smell to them , can't really explain it ) , staleness of summer leftovers , leaves , trees nostalgia ... the perfect infp villain ? a time bomb . i've never read the comic so i didn't have any set expectations going into the theater , but i liked the movie . groot and rocket are adorable . boopity boop boop boop asdjfjdkfjkdjfkd today , i ate a pear . wait - - not just any pear . a pear with brown leaves , slightly tattered at the edges . what i initially failed to realize was that that pear was actually a house , belonging to an ... you know , one of my current fantasies is that when i regain interest in romantic relationships in the future , i'll actually be the one to confess my feelings to a man i like first :D . can you imagine ... change your computer wallpaper into something more empowering . better yet , find a bunch of images / quotes on the internet that make your heart say yes ! ( or something more nuanced if you prefer ... ) ... this is the hour when we all must let it go the blood of angry men is as vibrant as the sun rising in the east . read it and weep but know this . this season , this season of change was imminent from the beginning . just because the leaves change colors like mood swings leaves not one reason to believe ... ohmigoodness , that's so creepy and cute at the same time . kinda fascinating to look at . can't imagine what mood that would represent , though :) haha . the main figure with the big mask kind of reminds me of that black spirit with the white mask in spirited away - - not exactly sure what it's called . it also looks like there's a person riding on ... in addition to cosigning the responses made here so far , i also think that it might be helpful to add that you don't necessarily have to focus on finding a passion . i mean , wouldn't it be easier if ... okay , hmm , lemme try this : i write a poem for myself sitting down upon a shelf watching dancing roses go by the end is nigh , the end is nigh i write a limerick for an elf he is green and ... you are very , very wise . i'm not sure if i can begin to describe how resonant i found your entire post , even though your personal experiences and emotions are different from mine . thank you for ... some inspirational tunes .  i'm so sorry for your loss . suicide is a complicated issue - - one can't really say for so whether or not it was justified . your friend must've experienced so much pain that pushed her to the brink of ... - chronic , long-term low-level depression ( mhmm . ) - severe , major depression ( depends on what your definition of severe is , but i'm assuming that it's high enough to interfere with one's life . so ... how long did it take you to heal ? how did you go about healing , and most importantly , how did you accept and take ownership of your feelings and life ? i'm currently experiencing something similar , ... let's see ... i collect keychains from every place i travel to : countries , states , stores , etc . they come in an array of colors , metals , and quirky designs . i keep them safely in a box , on which my ... may i join in this crusade of eponines ? * dons red hat , tattered brown coat , and a wistful glance at her brokenhearted soul * ... whoa , whoa , don't point those guns at me ! i come here as a ... if it crawls on four legs , just put cheese on it . fry to perfection . bon appetit ! ( this rule applies to all . ) if you really want to make a statement , bleach your hair with clorox . and don't forget ... sad songs # 2,001 and 2,002 ... ( only exaggerating )  '