' just to update this , a bit over two years later and i've been dating my infj female friend for over nine months now . she is everything to me . infj / infj relationships can work really nicely . make judgments based on proximity and intimacy . if you don't know the person , you don't know them . they may look like an asshole or an idiot on the outside , but hey , so do we at times . you can't ... our se notices the first few details of the conversation and our ni extrapolates that information to see if it applies to any other general frameworks of conversations . if it does , we probably end up ... ni really looks ahead . wedding vows and eulogies are in mind before names are exchanged . this can create decisiveness in regards to taking steps towards a future , but the future itself remains a ... i have an entj uncle . he is cool ; he has had a long life journey that has given him more patience as time has gone on . he was very explosive and controlling in his youth , but with me he is just ... yeah , his name is jerry and i think he produces the show . it's pretty awesome , i totally want to somehow meet jason one day jason silva is awesome , my cousin's boyfriend works with him on the show brain games i usually think in images or future / theoretical dialogues with people i know or want to know yes . not only this , but since the infj has a predisposition towards understanding social norms and how others feel first , they may not understand what they feel or fully explore or flesh out those ... it depends on what you mean by decisive . infps are most likely pretty quick to understand where they stand on a moral issue or personal taste in regards to something . their decisions on the exterior ... i don't go as far as to assume they hate me . i usually don't dislike anyone , unless there is a very rational and well pondered reason to do so . so my subconscious tends to assume that other people do ... i'll let you know when i get there ... loljk #pretentious the storge lover 25 eros , 14 ludus , 31 storge , 17 pragma , 25 mania and 27 agape ! storge lovers consider friendship crucial before love . storge are inclined to think of their partners as their ... if an infj builds a medium to large social circle in high school while their fe is still developing , ( and in males it isn't as well developed at that age ; or perhaps developed slightly differently ... i don't buy it ; left brained v . s . right brained is more of a myth than anything . my results weren't very accurate . he sounds like a jerk that's overindulging his inferior se because he doesn't know how to function healthily . i really don't want you to get hurt any more over this , it isn't right . i can't start ... infjs are dominant perceivers . ixxj types extrovert judgment , which means their dominant function will always be introverted perceiving in the form of si or ni . i'm 17 going on 18 in a couple months , and i know about six other teen infjs at my school . ( i had them all take the quiz during my mbti binging phase ) i'll give you some brief descriptions and also ... everything and nothing all at once my original post featured zero underhanded insults . my second post had some sarcasm which i apologized for . i stated that you were displaying typist ignorance in a question format . this is not a ... oh , dear . i'm glad that you've named yourself the arbiter of intelligence , it's quite the fitting position and not at all ironic . with this level of tact , your situation will solve itself ... are you really going to sit here and accuse your partner of being shallow when you are showing typist ignorance at every corner ? people who constantly assert their depth and intelligence over ... the reason we are ixxj is due to the fact that our extroverted process is judging , so others will see us in that way , and vice versa for ixxp . it's not perfect , but , eh . infjdreamer * wheezes out deep breath * dude , i'm so invested in this by now . i don't think i've posted this much in one thread in my life , lol . the way you wrote the letter is great , it strikes ... chocolat i see where you are coming from ; however , i think we are looking at a guy who has an incredibly sensitive emotional disposition who has learned to navigate multiple walks of life at once ... i was a bit thrown off by your phrasing in the beginning , i don't trust that the people are who i need them to be ; this struck me as your issue here . you seem to be waiting for the right people ... i get this craving , too , but i think the great irony about relationships is that those who need a relationship aren't really prepared for one , and those who don't need a relationship are very ... infjdreamer a 4w5 is going to be very much inside his / her head and emotions . they will be very absorbed in understanding these ideas and feelings and they can become stagnant towards acting upon ... infjdreamer fellow enneatypes we are ! the infj i had / have-ish a crush on was 4w3 , so it wasn't ever a big issue for us to make reciprocal moves and such . a 4w5 may be very easily stifled . okay , ... infjdreamer i think in terms of the average infj introversion , i'm maybe a sliver more outgoing than most , so i cannot fully relate to what your infj is doing if he is indeed interested in a ... it seems like you've gotten great advice here , and i cannot offer that to you sadly , but i do want to chime in on entps and games for a second . my dad is an entp , i love him to death , but holy ... i think the way i justify no more door slamming ( unless completely necessary ) is the fact that ignoring someone or appearing apathetic towards them is truly the most hurtful thing we can do . the ... i always feel guilty when talking about anything negative in association with other people ; i try to have a good word for everyone . even when i've had a legitimately bad personal experience with ... ni is such a bitch to explain ; in isabel meyers ' original book on mbti there is a good section explaining the cognitive functions in comparison and she was apt to note that ne is excellent at self ... teacher my mom is isfj , i completely understand this . my enfp sister makes some more of the risky moves you do ( risky in terms of risking the reaction of the mother ) and her and my mom get into ... this all sounds good to me ! i was mostly joking about rookie mistakes , but i suppose some common errors would be not knowing what you want out of a partner / relationship , boundaries and how to ... infjdreamer i think any mature and open individual can understand us well enough , don't you worry ! it's cute that you two could both discover one another and grow together , sounds good to me , ... infjdreamer it's my pleasure to help ! something is endearing about your story , or maybe i'm projecting my pro infj / infj relationship bias . ( or at least ni dom / ni dom relationship bias ) hells ... try not to get into the game of overthinking everything . i've had a crush on an infj in the past and i can assure you that things will work much more smoothly if you just exist and be confident that ... you guys are both incredibly sensitive to harmony , which is a lovely thing . as long as you don't obsess and worry about potential problems , you should be fine . right now , things are incredibly ... he sounds like a nice , concerned individual . it seems pretty clear that he is using some mature fe and being aware of your emotions and being as kind as possible while also not crossing the line due ... could you elaborate on what process in a relationship would look like through an example ? i'm a bit confused , thank you i think the term polyamory immediately suggests this sort of lustful multiple lovers image , which can get some people to write it off . the word is defined as being in love or romantically ... i think there is a pull within us all to be the big fish in the little pond and live that comfortable life of confidence and ease . on the other hand , we are also pulled toward that elusive ... no , it's not my decision to make . it doesn't matter if this world is best left destroyed , i don't deserve that power . nobody does . this is similar to the trolley dilemma . do you move the train ... i find that many christians are into the devotional , rule or directed prayer based aspects of the faith . there are lots of si traditional christians who love adhering to the many rituals and the ... i usually journal by sending myself emails whenever the feeling strikes me . i write about what is on my mind / heart , or a dream i had , or an idea , and type away . i title it related to the topic and ... glad to express :D that was a nice recording , i actually listened to the whole thing lol ! fe was such a god send these past few years , i actually worried i was an enfj at times . i think some sour ... freeflowingthoughts thank you for the thread . i think these misconceptions about the type definitely lead to some justified negative reactions from others . what makes you so special ? its a cycle ... i'm right there with you . partners are just that exactly : partners ! you go through life together . as long as your destinations are the same , you two would not drift apart . you rub off on one another , ... '