' i vent , either to a friend or i write it somewhere ( like the venting thread on here ) . i stay away from people if i have to , especially if it's people that are causing the frustration . if i'm really ... i used to have a severe driving phobia until very recently - i wouldn't drive unless it was absolutely necessary . i actually got my license when i was 17 and on the day i got it i said i would never ... i feel ya . while i don't have asthma , i'm extremely sensitive to smells / vapors and the smell of cigarette smoke will trigger a coughing fit . luckily i don't live close to any smokers , i can't ... wow , you guys are so awesome ! : 3 i disappear for a little while and i come back to see the happy thread has been stickied ! this makes me so happy ! thanks aha and treebob and everyone else who's ... lol meat's not the problem actually , it's the dairy . i haven't eaten meat in over 7 years and have zero urge to do so . i have never liked it and the only reason i ate it in the first place was to ... i need something to cheer me up so i'm going to post all the things i can think of that make me feel absolutely amazing : 1 . hearing a beautiful song for the first time ( preferably loud , it really ... i don't think she means to , but my friend is coming off as uppity about being vegan and it's bothering me . i've been trying to be vegan on and off for probably over a year now . i'm definitely getting ... i think i might have an auditory processing disorder . people always complain that i don't hear them because they always have to repeat themselves with me . hearing them is not really my problem ... i'm so glad people care enough to continually revive this thread . thanks , cosmia ! it was warm and sunny today , which was really nice after all the rain we've had . i went out to lunch with one of ... in terms of socializing , fake it until you make it , ( or whatever that saying is ) seems to actually work really well . since i've started working retail and pretending to be friendly and somewhat ... thanks for your input and support . i ended up quitting this morning . just thinking about going back to work there was making me feel sick . not good . the manager was very rude to me when she heard ... i cry all the time about every little thing . but i hate crying . it makes my eyes all red and puffy the next day and i kind of look like an alien monster beast . i've had to skip several important ... i can't shake this horrible sinking feeling i'm getting in the pit of my stomach like something isn't right . i feel dizzy and nauseous and nervous and horrible . i feel like my life is spinning out ... i am so stressed . i just picked up a second part-time job at a pet store , thinking it would be a fun way to make some extra cash . i actually thought i'd like it better than my other part-time job ... i really love my boyfriend but can't stand how he can never give me a straight answer about anything . any time i want to plan something in advance and ask him about it i always get the same answer : ... thanks for this awesome thread idea kindofblue 06 ! and good job keeping up with your goals so far ! my goals : 1 . fully transition to a vegan diet - no more caving when i'm in tough eating ... vegetarian of almost 8 years now , transitioning to vegan . i think it's because animals feel pain while plants do not ( well , at least we're pretty sure of that ) . plus , the way they are raised and ... i suddenly just remembered my first kiss was with some kid nicknamed gerbil while playing spin the bottle . i laughed pretty hard upon remembering this . i did once , but i'd never do it again . he was this weird , awkward kid i went to high school with and we were sort of friends . we had been talking about how our love interests were never ... i am so tired of living with manipulative assholes . and that's all i'm going to say about that . i like doing things outside . but it can be difficult in the winter , which is why i'm so excited that spring is coming . :D i like to do adventurous things too . i think my favorite date so far has ... yeah , i definitely noticed when i used to get it that it happened more when taking too many / too long naps . but i actually haven't been napping at all lately . it could be because i'm going to bed ... i've started having trouble sleeping again . i keep experiencing sleep paralysis - yesterday morning it prevented me from answering a phone call about an interview . i'm also getting nightmares much ... i never worked as a waitress , but i've worked in the customer service industry a few times and i'm not much of a fan . i think it's just because i'm ridiculously introverted , but working directly ... sleepy , curious , and wishing i didn't have to work tomorrow . my anxiety score is 2.00 . my avoidance score is 2.73 . this puts me into the secure quadrant . it makes sense to me that my avoidance score is a little bit higher than my anxiety score because i ... for so long i thought that the reason i had so much trouble finding love was because i was ugly . i've always had self esteem issues regarding my body image . however , i've recently discovered that's ... i do have my license and it only took one time to pass ( i think because i was the last student of the day and he'd just gotten the previous student lost so he made mine really easy ) , but i hate hate ... eventually , yes . i've done this to a few people in my life . it takes a lot for me to do it though . i usually put up with it for a long time and act as if nothing happened , and if the person ... i think i get more annoyed at myself for being introverted than others do with me . i really wish i had better social skills . but i have noticed people frequently mentioning how quiet i am in ... since i've gone vegan i've discovered a whole new world of foods that i can't eat - and shouldn't have even been eating as a vegetarian . bread , peanut butter , even sugar all contain ingredients from ... i must have been about 2 or 3 because my brother was still a baby . i remember sitting on our tan floral couch in the living room and my mom would come down the stairs holding my brother and would ... i was going to school in some exotic place . it was really beautiful there . i was lost on my way to one of my classes , and a very good-looking and friendly guy stopped to show me the way . he ... 93597 zebra expandz - they're compact , but pull out to a full-sized pen . they're also made of metal and feel nice to me . i loved writing with these while i was in school . i also like writing with ... we have had so much snow this year that i've forgotten what grass looks like . the world is all shades of gray . i don't think i've ever been so excited for spring in my life . on a positive note , we ... well i don't really read ahead to determine whether or not it's worth my time , but i do read ahead all the time . i don't really know why i do it . i think it might be because i get so excited that i ... i feel it's very sloppy ( anyone can vote multiple times ) and most polls do not need both the like and dislike options . i also don't understand how things get ranked with this system - it seems ... so many people have good dreams ! i wish i had more of them but it's very rare . last night i dreamt that i was pregnant and that i already had another child that for some reason was not living ... i have a terrible anti-authority problem . i have the same problem where i'll go out of my way to defy someone even if it means hurting myself ( not physically : tongue :) in the process . it seems like ... i secretly like it a little when the creepy guys hit on me at work . i know it's creepy and they're just being pigs but it kind of boosts my self esteem and makes me feel like i might actually be a ... i have money again ! and even though i think valentines day is corporate bullshit i'm kind of a little excited about it this year because i finally have someone to spend it with who isn't more ... i'm so guilty of complaining in here all the time , so i actually appreciate this thread . we infps can be a bit whiny sometimes so it's good to be reminded to take our heads out of our asses every ... my family is christian and forced me to go to church with them as a child , but it didn't take me long to realize that it wasn't the religion for me . i really dislike organized religion , but i'm ... people who sneeze 100 times in a row ... i know you can't help it , but dear god please make it stop . it makes me want to rip my eardrums out . also people who chew loudly . * shudder * i think i just ... i was depressed from mid-high school through most of college . it was the worst my first couple years of college and i actually had to see a psychiatrist / counselor and take medication for it during ... i never really thought about it , but it could be . maybe tomorrow i will try the salad without the tortilla shell and see if i feel any different . thanks :) at my new job we get $ 8 per day to spend at the employee cafeteria . i don't think we're allowed to bring our own food into the dining area and i don't think we're allowed to eat anywhere else . so ... this isn't actually my alarm ( mine's some generic cell phone song ) , but sometimes i wish it was : it really depends on the situation for me and how quickly i realize that i'm feeling / acting the way i am to begin with . sometimes i can turn it around and feel completely better within an hour . and ... at my worst i'm needy , self-absorbed , manipulative , dishonest , cold-hearted , uptight , easily annoyed , self-pitying , hateful towards myself and others , and neglectful of my own and others ' emotions . ... '