behold my eyebrows are much better now . i had no idea what i was doing clearly :) i don't think you're crazy ! i've studied a bit on synesthesia and honestly what you're saying does make sense . oh boy ! my new favourite thread haha :) just take a peak at this page here and that will give you an idea of what i would imagine my dream wedding to be like <3 i would say that i am quite creative .. i love to paint / draw .. my favourite is typography . i've drawn tattoos for a few friends actually . i also sing and play guitar / write my own music .. i have a ... chirbit - wonderwall - janessalaboucan - share audio easily map still sick ! but i got a new battery for my mic so i had to .. the wonderwall recording was literally just off the top of my head .. experimenting with a new tempo . i like the general flow of it ... map i'll for sure continue posting .. even though i've discovered i am not actually an infj ! damn close i would say .. it was a tough one trying to figure it out .. but it came down to the inferior ... inf jay i really liked cafe de nuit ! i actually have that painting hanging up in my room .. when i saw the title , i had to listen ! map beautiful work ! i love lovee the guitar and your voice fits so perfectly ! definitely keep up the work ! i might have a little something to upload soon here , just recovering from strep throat ! so ... she should also be a bit idealistic , such that she gets herself into trouble for opening her mouth and not considering other peoples ' points of view . u200benfp 100 % awww ! thank you :) it has been quite the journey trying to figure all of this out ! thanks for the offer ! i will be sure to pm if something comes up well , hello fellow isfj's ! since i am a newly found isfj .. previously infj , infp , and enfj ( ahaha ) i decided to throw these up here ! an edited picture ... :D yeah .. i haven't been a huge fan of any of the tests so far ! how well would you rate holly's tips for finding your type ? everytime i take the test and turn my ... this makes perfect sense . the only thing that is left for me regarding intuition would be the dreams that i have .. and my de javu experiences .. but perhaps my si is what causes me to remember that i ... yes yess and yes ! i find that i am constantly reading other people around me .. especially when i'm sitting at the town's bus loop and people walk past me .. i know when someones going to come up and ... i agree 100 % i'll be sure to read through the article ! well i tend to avoid stressful situations in the first place .. and if such situation arises , i tend to become extremely irritable ( usually i am a very calm and patient person ) , forgetful , and ... i often have hunches and i am usually right about them ... there's been a few rather dark experiences of this that i've had so far .. and i've taken those experiences as lessons to listen to my gut ... i often find that i recognize people i've never met before too ... usually that's where my sense of de javu kicks in .. and everything will come flooding back to me .. even though i haven't actually met ... hmmm ... after reading a bit more about si ... i'm wanting to lean more towards isfj now . ahhfhjsdh . thank you so much for your input and help throughout all of this :) i also have issues with ocd ... i find i am constantly plagued with ... what does this remind me of ? ? a certain smell .. taste ... voice . if a song sounds similar to another song i have heard ... you can be sure i will rattle my brain ... acerbusvenator i also looked into the primary functions of the enfj and esfj and surprise surprise fe describes me very very well se also describes me very very well ... will i ever ... well ! when i first tested myself .. i came out as enfj ... and i believed it to describe me quite well ... until i decided that i was more introverted than extroverted . i think i'm having such ... esfj wins this one i'd say ... after just reading an article i hadn't come across about se .. i think i just might be an esfj ... would an esfj require alone time to recharge .. and feel at times awkward in social situations ? ? social ... it's been a tough one for me .. especially because i believe myself to be very intuitive . i have hunches when something is about to happen ... and often i'll play scenes along in my head about how ... thanks guys for your input ! i know that in the end it's only myself that can come to a conclusion ... but i'd like to take everything in to account .. it helps with the process :) and i will be sure ... really ! ? nothing ? ? or am i just being too impatient here ahh . 3 hours ... no response ... definitely being too impatient x ) when i first started learning about the 16 different personality types .. i considered myself to be an extrovert . this is mainly because i enjoy being around people , i have an active social life ... questforself you are such a sweetheart ! i love how insightful you are .. and you have a great taste in music ! i could see us definitely being good friends in real life ! i've been single for about .. 4 years now ( starting to see a pattern haha ) .. and prior to that i had never had a boyfriend . i've only had sex twice in my entire life ... and that is mainly because i ... honestly when i first learned about the different personality types ( very recently ) .. i tested out to be an enfj ! i enjoy being around people .. and i get energy from good conversations with friends ... : blushed : thank you ! keep it coming ;) playing around with the lighting in my room and some minor editing ... the lamp by my bed gives off a really nice glow . ... wow . thank you so much for sharing this ! i couldn't imagine what it would be like to experience this feeling in such a traumatic way . the way you described your experience of dejavu is quite similar ... beautifully said , thank you . i also found this under description of pink auras pink aura colour meaning what are pink auras and what does it mean to have pink as one of the dominant colours of the aura ? the aura ... oh okay ! i see ! and i also can relate to your sadness . although i do have one example of being able to prove that the dream i had was real ... it would never go anywhere beyond that . no scientist ... thank you so much for your input on this topic :) it is greatly appreciated ! i feel like there is so much left in this world to be discovered .. and i often find myself frustrated with people who ... so i have posted this thread before .. under the nf forum i believe it was .. but that was quite some time ago and it didn't generate much response from other members ... so i thought i would give it a ... me + sex = never happens well .. it has happened .. but that was only because i was pretty intoxicated ... i wonder if my infjness plays a part in this . i also have a serious issue with people ... i took dance for a couple years when i was a little girl and when i was in highschool . i would say i'm a good dancer but i definitely lack the confidence to ever just let go .. unless i'm alone in my ... i find that i get frustrated with people that majorly lack intuition .. and i've just noticed this recently . i've been paying attention to what exactly is frustrating me and why lately .. and i've ... new pics .. just screwing around with the camera !  ... i've always been very musically inclined .. and i believe that i have a talent for singing and writing music . i spend every day practicing ! i've been told often that i should become a writer .. but i ... glad to be back ! thank you for the kind words . :)