' another number highschool , mid teens . that's ' bout as accuracte as i'll get for the sake of anonymity . hit puberty a few years ago . was able to do a killer mortal combat impression in 7th grade . ... btmangan hmm ... i'll have to check that out . the nietzsche quotes is fairly close to my heart - spent a while as a monster hunter , tread to close to the abyss . methinks it is hard to answer a question which is unclear , but i will do my best . ( for the sake of clarity , this is me reporting on a trend in my area , not my personal views on what should or ... similar to what lad said , i generally dress for occasions . in recent times , i've been wearing greyish or subtly green cargo pants , with an undershirt with a polo on top . the undershirt tends to ... dah a fair analysis . i also tend to form first impressions fairly quickly , but i've learned not to react to them overly . warweasel ehh ... i tread the line between infj and intj fairly often . even ... hmm . well , i'm a certain level of obsessed where i'm running around three story-boarded roleplays involving mostly oc's , but i'm not a convention-attending fan . in my opinion , rwby is really great ... recently i got a tablet with a manga reader on it . so far , i've read a ton of berserk and noragami , as well as some witch hunter . berserk was a very good read , very good action with some ... it's been a while since i posted ... school and social life kicked up a storm . throughout the recent years , i've noticed that people tend to love or hate me , with very little in between . this can ... i agree pretty strongly with peter . justice is a pre-set system of punishment and judgment , often in an attempt to remove emotions from the process . revenge is an action or set of actions one ... okay , i'll talk about it if you really want me too ... ( sarcasm ) in all honesty , i've never had a run into school and kill everyone fantasy . however , in my time at a particular school , i was ... i suppose one could say i have an appreciation for the classics ... or that i just don't like short hair > < . i tend to go for a while without getting it cut , so it is really a range . when it's medium ... yeah , gluten free stuff . i understand the need for it due to celiac's disease , but some people just assume that it's in everything and everyone has it . had a gluten free steak once . taking classes in my highschool currently . i enjoy acting . somewhat ironically , i played judd in oklahoma ! ( although i was also up for the role of curly ) , and have since been type cast as the ... 1 ) yes , i'd go . although , i'm a bit more used to social interaction then others , so going to a party with a purpose isn't new . 2 ) send it to myself . both of my grandmothers would understand . 3 ) ... the answer is part psychology , part evolution , and part physiology . evolutionary speaking , negative emotions are more important than positives - if you can have good food , but starve two days ... i relate to this - i prefer heavier stories with complex moral issues than black and white conflicts . i think part of this is due to ni - ni users seek knowledge and perspectives , so complex ... do you like science fiction ? yes . why / why not ? as watcherofthestars mentioned , it spins up my ni . furthermore , it feels more real than fantasy , so my brain more readily accepts the ... two main ones keep circling about . the first is my past - as i've said before , i was bullied pretty hard when i was young , and started to fight back rather viciously towards the end , even treading ... keep on moving , never look back . more or less designing my own house , although natural overlap with some others . 1 . house colours : olive ( symbolizing nature ) , purple ( symbolizing royalty / duty and wisdom ) , grey ( symbolizing ... involuntarily . or , at least , as a defense mechanism . as i've hinted ( or rambled about ) , there was a period in my life where i had to handle what was more or less like a junior high anti-terrorism ... yeah , general consensus on this subject is going to be eww , but live your life . i'm not a person who would be open to casual sex on the best of days . even with a person i had already met i'd be ... very accurate - friends have said that they think traitors have died when i speak of them . ( he made an ... unfortunate decision . we will no longer be seeing him . ) similarly , i drop off of the face of ... got most of the way through . bookmarked for quoting in the future . i definitely like the article - i feel it speaks about me fairly and accurately without treading too much on positive / negative ... this particular avatar is shiro from blue exorcist . i chose him for a few reasons . the first is that i relate to him immensely . throughout the anime , you see him grow from a somewhat impulsive ... yes , most people say i was born fairly thoughtful and even tempered . according to my parents , the most mischief i ever got to on my own was climbing up a bookshelf before i could walk . now , sometimes ... disclaimer - no training in the mbti , just a hobby . hmm ... your definition of pessimistic and optimistic confuse me . it would appear you believe ne to be naturally more accepting of multiple ... sounds remarkably similar to my first relationship with and infp . same steps - we grew incredibly close in a short amount of time , but i felt like i was putting more into it than she was ... as others have said : it is literally impossible to change your actual type . it is possible to act more like one type or another , which infj are very good at . i'd argue that most people , especially fe users , are like spheres - one may see a single side , and single angle , at any given time , but never the whole thing . others may argue about how their side is ... marduk istp was separate from my fi / si argument . i was simply stating that i could see an argument being made that could sway me . albop is a source i use when i want a quick reference on type - ... by and large , i disagree with marduk , but here is what i put forward for review by everyone else . when typing someone , especially fictional characters , one must be ready to throw away stereotypes , ... err ... hm . we can take that he is an i for sure . i don't agree that he is an inxj , i just don't see it . albop seems to think he is istp ( ti > se > ni > fe ) - which i could definitely see . i'd also ... i may , depending on the text . something along the lines of intj - the scientist : i don't have time to tell you why i don't have time may get a buy from me on a whim , but an infj shirt may not fly . o - , as far as i know . according to wikipedia for the japanese traits - sadly , even the jack sparrow becomes johnny depp when he steps off stage . i've noticed ( from experience ) that infj can actually emulate a wide variety of other types , but their emulations are a ... clear moon it's actually something i've spoken to a demi friend about . the medicalization of personality ( a funny subject on this form ) has long been a controversy in my mind . as we discover more of ... averoblivious well , it has been a few years , and school policy ( in america ) is actually kinda shady on that subject . essentially , both participants in any fight are held equally accountable . by ... antrist i live in the us . i've since moved away from the place where someone pulled the knife . basic advice for avoiding that - don't be the punisher . long road , few friends , and many enemies . well , i've had a few near-to-death experiences . and i've grazed it once or twice . most of the time , my internal response to another's death is apathetic . i've seen two or three people die , so ... my friendship with an ( male ) esfp was very akin to that of miguel and tulio of the road to el dorado . ( me being the blue shirt [ tulio ] and them being the red shirt [ miguel ] ) . ... speaking from personal experience - infps have been a mixed bag in my life . my first relationship ( and ex ) was actually with a moderately mature female infp , and i respect her to this day ... although i haven't quite roosted down onto infj just yet , i've certainly moved farther away from the intj i thought i was . aizar to be fair , your score of 10/40 is less than the average of 16/40 . don't think you have anything to worry about there . i'd agree w / your idea that we all have a little of everything . i have a theory i've been working on , so i am interested in gathering some data . of the three dark triad personalities , which do you feel you exhibit the most ? the least ? if you can , explain each ... i have a theory i've been working on , so i am interested in gathering some data . of the three dark triad personalities , which do you feel you exhibit the most ? the least ? if you can , explain each ... cotti well ... for reference , i read the manga about a year ago , so my memory is cloudy . maybe i can find it online . he strikes me as being an introvert . i'd think he was an t and j as well , which ... taking the otim route - i'm dividing by favorite character in each anime i've seen . ranked them by favor in post . von hohemheim ( fma ) - you've certainly mellowed out ... you used to be fun , full ... '