' loud background noise and chatter in places like bars / pubs tends to tire me out quickly and makes me want to sleep ( no alcohol consumed ) . i remember having two war dreams in my life and green seems to be the colour that my mind associates with it . the second dream - i was in the middle of a war . there was fear everywhere and i was ... guilty here ! i over analyse certain events and situations with people - mostly to do with their behaviour and what was said . i also think a lot about what could happen in the future , present many ... chemistry , marketing , management and education . i must sound like a very confused person ! i was pretty nerdy with a pimply and greasy face ( ew ! ) .. had terrible fashion sense .. quiet , shy and rarely spoke a word or shared my thoughts in class unless asked . only cared about intellectual ... lol @ the social experiments . i am guilty of performing that on people but only when it comes to a point where i am contemplating about whether i should sever our ties . mostly , i just want to test ... gartenhut : what are you trying to achieve or accomplish ? maybe we just set high standards for ourselves ? or perhaps it's what and how we define our own personal achievement and success ? ... enjoying a jelly and icecream dessert . mmmm heaven ! i agree . i feel that maturity has a lot to do with the personal development and growth of our inner selves . this helps us understand ourselves better , make better choices , and be able to relate ... taking leaps .. pushing boundaries .. breaking down barriers .. on the last leg of the race .. home-run ! i don't mind talking on the phone . i just hate it when the phone rings because i find it disruptive and it agitates me . i usually let someone else answer it or let it go to voicemail . i prefer ... explorer : happy : i like the idea of learning and exploring many things in life ( or many different jobs ) . alice in wonderland - have you made a decision about whether you will go into teaching ? if so , what area ? could i ask other infp teachers : what subjects do you teach ? what age group ? what ... is that why ne and ni detectives work well together ? ne goes out and scavenges / explores for more information ( probably doesn't know when to stop ) and then passes it to the ni . the ni then uses the ... hehe istps . hug ? i know the lazy ones you talk about . but i think that if you play to their strengths , they will be more helpful and motivated . for example , that lazy one might not be so good ... i look forward to hearing what happens in the next chapter of boy meets girl , and i hope it is an adventurous one ! : wink : molock molock molock ! you've got your cheer squad here . all the best ! i cried during one of the lines in a movie a few days ago . the father stood up and defended her daughter . he was proud of her . he said she's not a tramp ! she's a dreamer ... this resonated with ... yes ! i hum and create melodies all the time : laughing : i love doing it in the bathroom because of the echo . life is short . live it and never have a fear of anything . the question is : what kind of woman are you looking for ? if you know what you want , you'll know where to look . this might be a generalisation but i think that there might be some correlation ... mostly introverted intuitives :p roud : i hear you and i understand where youx 92re coming from ! what have you done to let her know that youx 92re frustrated and annoyed with her ? your housemate is obviously quite self-centred and ... * bangs p with a hammer and tries to mould it to a j * : frustrating : i never had an imaginary friend but my siblings and i brought inanimate objects ( soft toys and pillows ) to life and gave them voices , personalities and personal stories . my baby pillow is still ... my advice : don't even think about procrastinating : happy : i used to be quite unorganised - last minute writing up assignments or studying for exams . stressed me out . i decided not to do this to ... we may look shy and quiet and reserved on the outside . but don't be too quick to judge us : wink : we have a silly switch for those that are closest to us . we are silly and crazy and wacky .. embrace ... being more assertive . don't constantly bombard me with a lot text messages just to ask me questions that you are too lazy to look up yourself - i am not your personal google machine ! don't be a leech - people who ... could we turn some of these into treehouses ? and can we live in them ? : laughing : i don't know what your boss is like but if he seems like an approachable person that is open to constructive feedback , i think it would be beneficial to voice your ideas or any concerns you have . my ... .. about purple chested birds perched on the branches of a naked tree .  .. too much bird watching . hello , i hope you don't mind a fellow infp posting here : happy : the games that pathological liars play can be quite frightening and dangerous especially when you are their victim . it is pretty ... uni has started and assignments are rolling in . time to put on my intj mask for a whole semester : crying : where there's a will , there's a way : happy : however , it doesn't just happen over night . like rebornintheglory said , it's like peeling back those onion layers and identifying and dealing with the ... haha ! this is a light bulb moment : laughing : my cousin is like this ( a compulsive liar and manipulator ) and i am always guarded when she's around . but the truth always comes out and people soon realise the kind of person that she is . i think ... congratulations candu ! what are your plans after graduating with a phd in chemistry ? i graduated with a chemistry major ( organic ) but like kokoronotomo , i don't know if i'd be cut out for the ... this is so funny and so true . where would we be without infjs . * hugs * to all infjs . p . s . hiii enfps ! that's cute ! when i was little , i thought that if you slept next to someone that was male , you would fall pregnant and have a baby . it scared me silly . later on , i figured that this belief seemed ... interesting topic and stories ! i've never thought of turning around to a monster and befriending them : happy : i wonder what would happen if you let them eat you . hehe . i've only ever had 2 ... i think that we are probably too busy daydreaming and therefore oblivious to the things around us : happy : i was at a restaurant with a friend and about to take a sip of water from my glass . i ... i like to smell and hug my pillow . it reminds me of sleep and relaxation when i'm stressed . o . o i've always loved arts as a child - drawing , painting , colouring , crafting , beauty in nature etc . it was my favourite subject at school . but it seemed that the people around me didn't value arts as ... i would say that i'm an open person who has an optimistic view about people i . e . i like to see the good in others . my views have changed recently - i still like to see the good in others but i've put ... i think it could be a phase that we go through . but i also think that it's something that we might even revisit at different stages of our lives ... especially when we go into turmoil . for me , i never ... roald dahl - as a child and even now :) science and commerce . 5 years later after working in the business world , i decided that it wasn't for me . so now i'm back at university studying teaching because the ' job ' that i want is to help ... lol . that is simply epic . had it been an infp date , it could have been endless hours on end talking about brain structures . :p roud : i'm all for brain structures ! '