' slightly somber and wishing this caugh / dizziness / light sickness would pass already . also peopled out very badly . estp tmlt love sensers when asked a question you answer with everything but the actual answer because it seemed to obvious to you . : laughing : when you want to read into things too much and trying to explain it just gets ... xsfj tmlt to downplay themselves as a habit . me talking with my intj ( ? ) friend i tend to use lots of emojis when texting or chatting online with others . intj - why do keep making those offensive remarks at me ? self - : o they aren't offensive ... enfp tmlt to become a teacher yes :p roud : infp isfj ice cream sandwitch ni for sure i think i'm perfect at working towards being a better me . ( but i know i'm not perfect so yeah ) going with yes eie ti infp isfp ( ? ) isxp tlmt to prefer building computers to ordering them online . myself-infj best friend of 20 years - intj other close friends - infp , isfp , esfp intp tmlt to believe in fung shui and design their entire house around it . intx tmlt to spend a nice day inside of going out . ixfj tmlt to enjoy meeting people and hear their stories .  entp ? : unsure :  warweasel good luck on the job prospect . :) i'm sure you'll bring a lot to the school district . edit xsfx really not sure : unsure : 708898 i think what attracts me most to this is the wires and see through aspect of the people and building . like we're all connected by wire . shaped , molded able to be seen through moving ... most likely . agent x - yup definitely intj :p roud : dustmite - going yes as well . ugh recent events are making me want to be shaken and asked what are you doing ? ! ? ! ugh i know i need to do this but this move and everything else ... sometimes i really did wish i knew why i do ... infp esfx i haven't personally been a yet but i think some people victimize themselves in typing . looking for a sense of self going into stereotypes or what not ( both good and bad ) . it doesn't help the ... your secret so : kitteh : si xntj paradox :) xntj : kitteh : what sort of hobbies and interests do you have ? exfp ? ni for clearly plotting on how to take over the galaxy . ^ ^ yup entj . extj ? not sure . i don't know what entj are usually like . : unsure : so yes ( ? ) enfj xntj ? : unsure : hello and nice to meet you . : happy : wow sounds like a difficult and stressful situation all around for you . i do hope something improves soon for you . like i do have some opinions on things that ... ne : happy : '