' if i could , i'd sleep , but i find that impossible on a plane . other than that , read a book , listen to music , watch a movie , just about anything to pass the time / distract myself from the boredom ... so i just got a random phone call that's thrown me for a loop . my ex's best friend called on her behalf to see if i'd be willing to get back in touch , as ( friends description ) she's been thinking of ... aaaand the winner of today's stupid award goes to .. the customer who sent us a text message with full details ( number , cvv , expiry , name ) of 2 different credit cards . i cannot fathom the ... text message exchange with my younger brother , over my birthday . him : the birthday fairy has been advised by her union rep that lugging 104 birthday wishes constitutes an unsafe work environment ... i've been told eating scrambled eggs in a spicy fruit muffin is weird . as is having sweet fruit chutney on a hotdog apparently . i do the same , everyday lunch is either a pre-packed rice ... we've just started sending text messages to customers when their electricity bill is available online .. one text reply yesterday takes the cake for funniest & wierdest response , it read : i in ... rave : finally ! after the better part of 6 months i've finally managed to run 5km non-stop without aggravating my calf injury . my goal of the 12km round the bridges in less than an hour by november ... that kind of bs really pisses me off . in those cases , i'd still cancel everything for the aggravation they caused and never use them again . had that issue a few years ago with a pc shop that ... mum did alot of this for all of us kids too ( mothers prerogative i guess ) , more so for my youngest brother from when they lived in indonesia to now while he's at uni . in recent times , she's come to ... banned because i'm drinking something called armageddon from a company named epic ... ha ! so very true . reminds me of a conversation between myself and workmate recently : them : can you make a report to do pull x which relates to y which connects to z and match z that to a , so i can ... with the exception of price ( which only gets looked at if it fits the first two questions ) , it's because those literally do not matter to me . i don't give a rats arse if something looks good on me or ... 1 . what kinds of colors do you like ? bright , muted , warm , cool , vibrant , neutrals ? i wouldn't call the colours i wear as vibrant or muted .. they vary alot . my favourite shirts are a mustard-y ... the weird and wonderful thing that happens when phrases are misheard in my team we instituted a ' my whereabouts ' email , to let everyone else know where we we are going to be if out of the office , ... bahahaha that's brilliant . funny joke i was just told .. as a programmer was heading home for the day he calls his wife and asks darling , do i need to pickup anything on the way home ? she answers can you get a loaf of ... 2 close calls in a month at the same roundabout while cycling to work is 2 too many for my liking . time to find a new route to work & a camera to record the dangerous stuff i see . anyone have ... people lie and people steal they misinterpret how you feel and so we doubt and we conceal you're not alone - beloved freak , garbage fluffykins the third starlord banned for balancing a pen between your nose and upper lip frustrated : frustrating : waiting for whatever is impinged around my shoulder / neck to settle down , so i can get back to running , cycling and gym workouts . yes , i avoid conflict whereever possible . i have an intense dislike for any form of argument . i prefer to state my opinion and reasons for it , when warranted and leave it at that . generally no on ... what i answer with , when people ask that half rhetorical question : what do i want for lunch ? let me help you narrow it down with my questionnaire .. would you like food ? edible food ? human ... rave : victory ! ! the student loan deduction issue i had with the ird a while back is now resolved & ird have confirmed that the deductions payroll made in july and august were correct , and the ... random conversation just now .. me : is it raining outside ? i can see spotty stuff on the window but can't see if it's raining ds : spotty stuff ? me : fine , water spotty stuff ds : stuff's ... rant : protracted discussions that accomplish nothing . them : we don't like this report , it's trying to do too much and confusing and we can't find anything . it needs to be simpler . me : so what do ... 1 . be unfair or dismissive . self-explanatory i think . 2 . persistent , willful ignorance . especially in the face of a correction or chance to learn . unwillingness to learn anything new or adopt new ... doesn't work that way here , ird are the authorities when it comes to any tax related issue . you have to play middleman as they don't seem capable of talking to ones employer ( besides demanding extra ... family member just bought a new hp printer . during setup i looked through what i expected to be a user guide . turns out it was a 2 page trouble shooting guide in half a dozen languages . by my ... rant : once again i've received a letter from ird ( tax agency ) saying i've underpaid my student loan for july and august . how in hell this happens with a tax calculation system that has been vetted ... i like my sports like triathlons , marathons ( to a point ) , i also really enjoy following the heptathlon and decathlon disciplines . i cycle and run myself , which i find relaxing . the outdoors-y stuff ... ditto for me this week . as if i didn't have enough to deal with , with co-workers recovering from surgery , others coming down with the flu as well as being majorly understaffed , almost all the ... rant : been landed with a completely new task with 3 days notice , while everyone that knows it are on leave . new task must be finished by midday every day to avoid unwanted flow-on effects to other ... rave : they finally paid the remainder as of yesterday . rant : took me calling them again :d ry : 8 months in total a number of questions were answered one way because it wasn't the other a few of us at work were emailing around what was playing on our respective mp3 players this friday 13th and this weird similarity happened with song titles . song 1 : johnny cash - i walk the line ... i've written a couple really short stories - not more than 3 or 4 pages . they were fun to write and are amusing to read , haven't done it for a while though . more often than not , i can be found ... warning long rant rant : ugh , insurance companies . in october i totaled my bike and logged a claim with the insurance company , with all the details for my claim , as well as the other party . for ... this week has been a humdinger for dodgy written language at work .. : tongue : according to my manager , the spelling for correlation has changed to ... co-relation another co-worker has found a ... yes , exactly . chips . or to elaborate , hot chips : tongue : so , a workmate was getting hassled today for buying chips for lunch after saying how she was going to stick to the salad , she'd brought in ... so , i've been 4 months without a bike , 4 ! after t-boning a car & writing off my scott that i'd had for 12 years . : sad : this is the longest i've gone without a bike for 25 years . now i'm ~ 3 ... rant .. broken , broken , broken . gaaah ! rave : an opportunity has arisen at work for a 6 month secondment into an area in it that i would love . rant : i can't justify applying for it , because it would require me to leave a project ... this . absolutely . rant : process steps & requirements lost in translation between process writer and trainers = issues at my end . rave'ish : spotted issues before they have any impact , now to get process & ... hilarious workmate blunders today .. in regards to an issue we had yesterday with 650 - odd customers her : hey where can i find that list of customers that were on yesterdays report ? me : uhh , on ... rant : too damned bad if you don't like the fact i'm being ruthless with my time now . the help i've provided with report fixes , updates , and mentoring for those who'd shown an interest in learning is ... when you're taken off a project after offending the leader with a blunt email about the progress to date :d ry : '