' getting up at 5am to watch eurovision every may . se dominant , so esfp . not necessarily . nah . adele was prob the best i've ever seen , and i'm not even her biggest fan . harry styles new sound is much better than the sound of one direction . would see zeppelin , but not now even ... been to adele this year , guns n ' roses , and going to harry styles in nov . hope to see the stones again in europe this year . i've only seriously dated one person since i turned 18 . it lasted a few months , i s'pose . i'm 22 now . 22 . at uni but finishing in 6 months . my ideal night out is cancelling my night out and staying at home . have my friends over , have drinks and food and binge watch a tv series or movies . ... couldn't care less . i'm not open about my political opinions , generally , because i'm not interested in getting into redundant debates with moral bandwagon-jumpers . they're not going to change my ... well there you go . did i ask you to ? i've never experienced jealousy in a romantic sense . i don't care enough about my relationships to feel jealousy . it's rare that i commit to a single person anyway ; most of the time i've got a ... i treat it like any other day by dictating to everyone around me kim jong-un style . but i claim all of january as my birthday . one day might be enough for the average joe , but i'm worth more ... because it's the closest to where i live . people here don't move to other cities , much less states , very often to go to university . if you have a good one locally , that's where you go because it ... i don't have a problem with it as long as the person doing the complaining is also actively trying to change whatever they're complaining about . i can't stand people who whine but do nothing to fix ... humans are animals too , in case you didn't realise . i'll keep it to myself . you must love me then . one word answers are my speciality . keep them guessing is my motto . :p erc 3 : if you struggle with high school , you won't cope at all with college / university . as mean as it sounds , just get on with it . high school is relatively easy , and you're close to being finished ... entp . i see ti , not fi . well , most people would assume i'm an esfp if they didn't know me well , so . no help , soz . the only one i've seen is hidden figures , and i liked it a lot , so i'd choose that by default . la la land and lion both look dull as dishwater . peyton and lucas are both isfps . brooke - esfp in the earlier seasons , tending more towards enfp in later seasons hayley - isfj rachel - estp nathan - istp dan - estp deb - esfp karen - ... what mental illnesses have you been diagnosed with over the years ? do you think these might be a misunderstanding of your personality ? do you feel there is a correlation between your type and your ... openness : 62.5 % conscientiousness : 77.5 % extraversion : 72.5 % agreeableness : 32.5 % neuroticism : 2.5 % where did you study ? sydney , au . what did you study ? started out in law , transferred to global business , transferred again to business . will finish at the end of this year . the university wants ... i have no problem with sensors , including estps . all of my closest friends are sensing types . my biggest issue is with the ni-dominant types . niles crane from frasier or niles from the nanny . must be something in the name . also , holtzmann from the recent ghostbusters movie . and jack sparrow . i'm in my final year of a bba and have not covered any of the issues you've listed . business textbooks generally stick to the curriculum , which don't really apply to the actual realities of running a ... trump is definitely more self-destructive than putin . but neither of them are a real concerned . it's just fear-mongering . i abhor the idea of commitment ; even moreso the reality . youngest of 3 . don't know my enneagram . simultaneously the most ambitious of the three , and the least likely to reach their potential . may not be an entp , tbh . not sure you've thought this through entirely ... do you understand how long it takes to get to judge status ? the different levels of judges ? the fact that you'll be earning a pittance for 10 + ... i only truly love two people : my mum and my dog . but that's neither typical nor atypical for a thinking type . everyone's different . thinking doesn't mean unfeeling . my mother's russian and in 21 years i've still not learnt the language . can understand it , and can read it , but can't speak it . it's also useless unless you plan on living or working in russia . entp . want at least one child ( may end up only having one because i'm prone to favouritism ) , but couldn't care less about marriage . don't want kids until i'm 30 + though . well , there are a lot of jobs that you can't do without a degree , and a lot of companies which won't consider you at all unless you have a degree ( even for an entry level , menial job ) , so , in that ... there's no we . this doesn't involve you . it involves him , his ex and their child . if she doesn't want to follow the court order , that's something he needs to deal with . i would suggest , ... not sure why making a thread about this was necessary , prob could've been said through pm . : rollseyes : separate . unless they're loaded . in that case , joint . 1 . i want results . when i think about an idea , i want to put it to action and not think about multiple idea . sure at first i might , but i will settle for one and try to run with it and see where it ... 1 ) what is your meyers briggs type ? entp 2 ) what do you to to unwind / relax ? binge watch pll on netflix , make my best friend who's in love with me spend time with me / buy me food , hang out ... nah . i'm fine being on my own but prefer being with other people . i've never struggled socially . nope . atheist . there are a lot of sensitive snowflakes in the entp threads , so i wouldn't say entps . probably ti-doms . istp and intp . not an asshole , just not particularly bright . nothing wrong with not wanting children , but there are flaws in your reasoning . the evolution of our descendants and common ancestors resulting in ... i don't think page is an ne user . plant , however , is . i don't hear the se sound . as someone else said , acdc is very estp , as is gnr . too much ne in their lyrics . i'm an entp . my mum tested as an infp , but i think she's probably an enfp . my dad was an entp . sister 1 is an esfj , and sister 2 is probably an istp . maternal grandmother is probably an ... they likely aren't much rarer than any other type . they're probably mistyped by a lot of people , however . people who only know me on a casual / acquaintance level would likely assume i'm an esfp . ... i'm happy with led zeppelin as entp . cream could be entp ... '