' steins ; gate and i liked it a lot . faves : gto , monster , shinsekai yori , death note , berserk , hunter x hunter 2011 , one piece , granzort . what white river said . as for philosophy : - philosophy is dead false , only an idiot can say this . - philosophy is more of a history class nowadays false , there are different approaches to ... several things here i think you should be aware of : your brain is in a final stage of development . process starts at 18-19 and finishes at 25-26 . this part of the brain is responsible for abstract ... anything you deem useful for expanding an individual's knowledge is legit ! i mostly put university courses with classic methodology since that's what many people actually seek . alternative ... drag mouse , create beauty ... easy as that . switch colors and symmetry for variety . if you like it , post a picture of your art too . :D silk — interactive generative art i wanted to be the first human to make contact with aliens ! and later represent earth in the galaxy . something like an interstellar diplomat lololol . i agree with daydreamer . i'll just add : games and apps for smartphones are the shit ! designers do very well there . there is also the prospect of crafting some simple games as a freelancer to gain ... list of websites and channels with courses , lectures , videos available free of charge and to everyone . you can find almost anything that interests you , though most channels and courses are about math ... i evolved from dolphins . jajajaja 19274 i don't really know much about the situation , but have you ever tried humoring your dad when you talk with him ? like e . g . people suck . they're just a bunch of shitting , pissing animals with no ... judging from the end part of your post you seem like someone who raises people's confidence and faith in themselves . that can make you suffer , as you do not get any rewards for yourself . at your age ... this is one of the weirdest questions i've ever encountered . xd in my neighbourhood there's a 60 year old man who spent 10 years in the french legion . when he came back to our town he was really rich and popular . some years after that he had a mental breakdown ... 1 . the man who was superman - a korean movie . i had like the biggest katharsis ever watching it . 2 . braveheart - kinda corny picking mel gibson , but i like the messages , music and story . i watched ... i don't think i can name a favorite . when it comes to art i go through phases . i used to have a surrealist phase , then romanticist phase , later antiquity phase . now i'm kinda into computer art and ... anyone wanna have a take on gutts ( berserk ) and onizuka ( gto ) . all i can figure out is that gutts is introvert and onizuka extrovert . :P i can quite relate to that . my visual imagination trumps all other forms of thinking . when i try to think in words , sounds or numbers i struggle with some complex expressions . with colour , form and ... goddess of dracon kind is a fckin awesome image . very potent symbolism and archetypes . different type of activism like valdyr suggested . right now , the biggest problem in the world is lack of appreciation of the other party in pretty much all areas of human endeavor . politics , ... at first i thought of passion in terms of love life . is that what you mean in the first post ? well work and emotional connection in 90 % of the cases utilize distinct brain areas . so that's not a ... 60 read in entirety most of on the list i haven't read yet are the ones i hear about for the first time . oops double post :P 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte 4 harry potter series - jk rowling 5 to kill a mockingbird - harper lee 6 the bible 7 ... hiho i published a few short poems on helium . looking for some opinions from members here . man of earth was inspired by conversations on perc :p roud : poetry : art - by vladimir milenkovic - ... msi - stupid mofo visual polisemy : arch beam of light crown dawn dew dusk drops flower ( rose , lilly , daisy etc ) x2 been thinking about that for a while now . strongly leaning towards this outlook . e . g . ? 10 chars if facebook existed years ago ... :D i am fine with accepting that as long as i don't see generalizations and dismissive attitudes from the ones who do not value religion , especially if they don't embody a reasonable basis . if you are ... i've got a master of arts degree in semantics and am contemplating what thesis to pick for a phd . : tongue : i do terrible in school and most people who know me think i am an idiot before anything ... being governed by moistness of one's loins isn't what constitutes critical thinking ... there is no statement made in regard to your education ... it does feel rather empowering though , that by ... let me then remind you : religion is the most evil thing that exists in this world . a ) you haven't stated it is an opinion . maybe due to rushing your post , but mind this if you do not say i ... what sort of bag is it ? if it weights 10 kg and she needs to carry it for 2 miles then yes of course i'd help . if it's 100g and she needs to carry it for 2 miles why do i need to help her since it ... i think what everyone needs to have in mind is that when stating : something is not good at all . this is better than that sth cause it's not evil at all and when you paint it with adjectives which can ... the variety of explanations and theories of personality makes it impossible for me to choose one through which i'll express myself . some theories see the personality as something which you gain at ... interesting read . asimov was quite prophetic in his writings . i wonder whether inventions come by irrespective of writings and ideas of the past , or do the writings of certain people serve as a drive ... psychic abilities should certainly not be type exclusive . i don't think it has anything to do with type . i think being psychic is not something supernatural and unreal . it's just a talent some ... i use them often in writing , but when discussing something i tend to explain things in the simplest manner i can . however my fascination with symbolic language led me to even pursue a profession ... those can be applied to myself . : tongue : the issue you talk about should always be something you are passionate about and know to bits . that brings out your natural way of communicating regardless of what it's like and it will be perceived ... walking through a field of flowers with crystal blue luster you feel a force driving you forward and you know it is the wind ( thought : the wind is alive ) . far in the distance you see a range of snowy ... life itself is meaning . in life there is nothing but life . poems and poemics . average 5-6 a year . air - the mind in motion . very complicated situation . i've done with almost the same situation ( difference being it was an ex girl that i still loved and she loved me but chose to get married to sone else ) but in my case it ... ma in semantics here . i coin definitions of words in case you wonder what it is : tongue : think it is science though not applied science like chemistry etc . gg on finishing college . now you have ... i can quite relate to what you said . only difference being that i don't get discouraged when i get a no light-bulb response from the person . what we offer when giving advice is one or few of the ... exactly : happy : whatever anyone writes they certainly won't be judged for being radical or different , so don't be shy peps . whatever you say about yourself is good on this forum .  ... '