battlestar galactica dragon ball z firefly star trek : deep space nine gurren lagann nerd ftw ? a couple selfies : 86383 86381 86382 pics of myself i actually like for once . :p roud : never had a problem accepting it . i actually embraced it wholeheartedly , ecstatic that there truly was a definition for the type of personality i have . there are times that i get frustrated at ... 61147 all smiles , as usual . : laughing : i'll just leave this here : exactly . it's a witch hunt at this point . just more people judging what they don't understand . exactly . it's a witch hunt at this point . i usually stay out of it , it frustrates me so much . you're welcome . : tongue : over the past few years , i've been becoming more open & less introverted . however , at the same time , i noticed as i became more outgoing , there was a growing tension , a buildup i couldn't put a face ... this exactly . i'm told a lot that i give off a detached , closed off vibe to people before they get to know me , but the people who actually do say that i'm easy to talk to about just about anything & ... from my own experience he sounds like he could be nervous . maybe he's worried about disappointing you , or maybe he's interested in taking it farther but is worried how it'll turn out . it's impossible ... and i'm a bit disgusted by your condescending , demeaning tone . i'll tell you when i finally get any . : laughing : nice choice . my own room . it's always an ever-changing sense memory of whatever it is i've been doing . if someone was over & wearing cologne or perfume , whatever i was eating or drinking , my own ... capybara . i want one , one day . isfp i don't think i've ever been depressed in my life , but i'm rarely ever ' happy ' in the typical sense . i live in shades of grey . figured i might need to clarify : for instance , say i was going somewhere , & someone , be it a significant other , family member , whatever , wants to go as well , but haven't spoken up about it ... on a scale from 1-10 how : 1 . happy are you ? 6 2 . socially skilled are you ? 6 3 . lazy are you ? 7 4 . emotional are you ? 10 i honestly don't see what being infp really has to do with it , or how we can help unless you elaborate more . i often grow tired of the ' mental chess ' that some people like to play . like in a romantic situation , when someone says no , but they really mean yes . or , when someone says one thing to you , but ... i control my inner world . i don't have the patience to domineer over others . i'm having one of those days . where all i see around me is festering ignorance , bigotry , & outright stupidity . i just want to scream at the world . i'll be better tomorrow , but today , i've had ... update ! so , we ended up putting out notices all around for people looking for him , but no one responded . so , he's now a full member of the family . :p roud : we named him blue , after ... not so much that people don't like me , but that people seem to have no clue in hell how to interact with me , like i'm some book written in a different language or something , which is baffling to me ... good qualities : 1 . perceptive of emotions & feelings . 2 . intuitive , can figure out how to do some things i've never done just by thinking about it , & doing what's the most logical way . 3 . the ... with time . : happy : i make that same one all the time , too . : laughing : 56577 i don't actually wear glasses because i have 20-20 , but i put on my grandma's once , to hilarious effect . ... if there's ever one i would actually use , that'd probably be it . : laughing : probably wouldn't work , but i'd be far more comfortable saying that than any of this other cheeziness . you said ' grok ' you are awesome . :p roud : article may have just changed my life . in the past 2 days since reading it i've been more proactive than in months . only time will tell if it sticks , though . i really needed this . thanks for the ... this song makes me incredibly nostalgic about my childhood for some reason . i certainly didn't talk about it at all , & was extremely upset the day it happened . i think i made a post about it here , & that's about all ii did about it anywhere . overall , i was absolutely ... this , so much this . on topic , i don't really have pickup lines . i just tell truth . if i think a girl is beautiful , i find some way to slip that into conversation , or just flat out tell her ... i can be very logical & analytical , but it is a time-honed skill i've had to carve out over the years . i think it's intrinsically connected to my personal , ravenous desire for knowledge . since ... of course . we're all human . :p roud : : laughing : well , thanks anyway , it's not something i hear all that often . :p roud : it's not rude at all , i appreciate the question . it is a lot like what you feel for a loved one , but it's more of an ache than an open , bleeding wound . there are some times , every once in a ... i pic of me i quite like , except for my tiny pseudo-stache . : laughing : well , i think it's odder what i'm not aroused by or attracted to . i have never , in my life , had an attraction to the plastic cutout , magazine , barbie doll-type look that most girls seem to aspire ... with time . so much this . all of it . me & my buddy , sam . :p roud : incredibly sad , & heartbroken for the families of those involved in the tragedy in connecticut . we live in a sick , sick world .