' - hi again , quick thought : i have always had feared social interaction , even lately moderate sociophobia . bump rajoletes sorry for the desperate title , i had to burst it out quick . hello fellow personality cafe members . i present you a confession of my head , to a chat friend . we knew eachother a lot of time . here ... i usually sleep on my right side , being the side looking to the wall . if i sleep in a bed other than mine , i will sleep facing the nearest wall i sometimes feel sorry when i publicly humiliate someone in an argument . how are you with public speaking ? i suck unless i need to say some fact or brilliant thought what were your experiences with public speaking like ? as i usually only speak when i am confident on what ... there would be bigger share of morons . just checkout my superb thread in the intj forum : * * * disclaimer : before banning me for sexism or any sort of thing like such please note that i am just asking for some discussion . please note also that the terms women and men are actually meat ... gays shall marry eachother or what ever they want ( as it is in civilised countries like spain ( which isn't too civilised ) ( yes , i am insinuating that the united states of america isn't civilised ) ) ... when the last ten times a tear was in your eye it was because of a allergic reaction to pollen . yes , definitely . all you say is just like i am . sometimes people call me a heartless distant bastard , and i see that as a compliment . the freedom , the speed , the loneliness on the road even if there is a lot of traffic . i was really attached to the road since i first rode on my dad's car after a few months without going to the hairdressers ... ( going on monday , i swear : wink :) 6717467175 same hair as clarkson in the 80s i asked myself if there was a link between intjs and motorbikes / cars / the road in general , because i , personally am strongly linked since very i was young to these things . please don't bring up ... 66077 any monty python one . they have a very intj-ish humour i am playing far cry 3 , driver : san francisco , counterstrike : go , left 4 dead , portal 2 , gta iv ( finishing ) , garry's mod , and 36 € in my steam account i'd have conversations with him and end tasks twice as fast as normally 65332 1 am at a vacation tuesday , too much of an introvert to go to the barber's i would prefer living in a big city because nobody talks to anyone and you seem to be alone but with a lot of people . they don't care about what you do . in a small village everybody knows you , ... i am all the time thinking to eliminate idiots too dumb to be alive , because it seems that natural selection doesn't work . most are isfps and estps still , i don't enjoy physical contact with other humans that i don't trust ( not : family , close friends , lovers ) because wolverine is real it seems that my home town is full of retard isfps and estps ( nothing against intelligent estps like churchill , they're not bad ) everyone is dependent to every-other one , and they aren't rational at ... i sometimes feel anxious about talking to myself when i'm in a crowd , i can't even talk to myself at home because i'm surrounded by my family , that's why , at weekends and vacations , i sleep during ... first time i saw this forum i asked myself the same thing talkshows about what celebrities do and isn't respectful to any form of life . example : sálvame www * youtube.com/watch?v=3rumgs_qbhk ( sorry can't post multimedia since i don't have more than 15 posts ) i love being hugged , probably because of my claustrophilia . i love being trapped and feel the limitations of my body ! : happy : hello to all you out there , thanks to my internet mask i can meet strangers with whom i would have a light conversation about interesting topics like the meaning of life and so on . i would really ... '