' let's make no mistake , terrorism is horrendous . insert all the liberal things . governments shouldn't be denying syrian refugees incase one person is part of isis . isis can easily recruit someone ... i've been trying to look up the mbti types of just kidding film members , but i haven't seen anything about them ! ! here's a link to their youtube channel : ... when the last time you got a phone call was 2 weeks ago , and it was from your dad . a good meme resting bitch face what would you type your parents as ? i think i scored higher with s because both my parents are sensors - and i find it easier to get on with other n's in general . i had the realisation as a kid that i'd rather die by my own hands over someone else or a force of nature . i l0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0oo0o0o0ove travelling . i've been to france , spain , germany , canada , new york , hong kong , macau , korea , china , thailand and taiwan . that's all i remember rn . a ) what phone model do you use ? moto g 1st gen b ) how do you hold your phone normally ? it's small enough for me to hold it in one hand . it depends if i'm doing anything , but usually both hands to ... i was in the same boat . however , i went onto the istp's photo thread and i didn't feel connected to any of them . with intp's there was a natural connection . but i think it was easier for me since ... you'd def want an istp / estp to do all the manual and instinctual shit an istj / entj to make sure everyone else does work . an esfp / esfj / enfp to have a positive atmosphere and for a friend ... entp ... shit . i just realised i only cry when i listen to music . without music i'll roll my eyes at people who get emotional , but when i'm listening to music when i'm unhappy i'm a complete mess . kate nash ... i like to do this thing where i ask them a question , and then zone out . that's how i communicate with most of my family . me and my intp room mate were left to our own devices , and it was disgusting . he has something called his floor-drobe when i tidy up , i tidy up to 80 % before i get bored and do something else ... gia is totally an introvert - especially sat next to willam . she thinks before she speaks . she's extremely poised trixie : ... yes . you can be an outgoing introvert , and there are withdrawn extroverts . the difference being where your truth / reality is this is my collection of drag queens istj - tyra sanchez , courtney act , isfj - delta work , ivy winters , vivacious , gia gunn , trinity k bonet , darienne lake , miss fame , kennedy davenport , rupaul ... you don't really strike me as an entp . in my experience entp's are extremely straight to the point and decisive i would have walked off before he even got the thing out of his mouth . like the second i see something foreign coming out of his mouth is the time i start panicking and walking off . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? it's my birthday ! i'm feeling good , i want attention without having to go see people ! it's also that my cognitive function tests come ... this song always makes me want to work out being sympathetic towards others . baking soda ? ? ? ooo i know some annoying songs ( actually this is just plain nostalgic ) also epileptic trigger warning , lots of flashing images . ... indian girls look hella cool with them . just basic white girls lol . i kinda dig the septum piercing , the pretty decorated ones are really nice . she also has a nose piercings at the side . idk , that rubs me the wrong way . girls with nose piercings strike me as really basic girls that are trying to seem unique , simultaneously trying fit in with ... hong kong at first is overwhelming , but you won't find a country that would give any less shit about you . i haven't quite figured it out yet . unlike some of the people here , i'm afraid of the pain - not really afraid of death . perhaps something simple like hanging ? but nowhere to tie the other end of the ... i was quick to distrust my esfp flat mate , because he just came off a bit in your face . he is incredibly sweet though . had the opposite problem with the enfj - had a positive opinion of him off the ... nope , the intp's i know are cancer , gemini , libra .. actually kind of ? 321282 gemini and libras are both air signs . if i was born a few days earlier i'd be a gemini too , but that could also be ... i did ? ? ? layton intp - this mostly comes from miracle mask , where his past self had weird emo hair , and he didn't intend on getting into archaeology , it seemed like it was something he was good ... i've only played pandora's box and miracle mask , and seen someone play the first one . layton intp - this mostly comes from miracle mask , where his past self had weird emo hair , and he didn't ... i could , but there are a max of 20 answers - so it's not exactly enough for all 16 . this is just out of personal experience , my intp friends are just notorious for being ticklish and they get friend ... i like vanilla more . also being ticklish as a child is a preparing them to protect vital organs . surely at some point one is desensitised ? all 3 of us are violently ticklish , where as i find ... all 3 intp's i know are ticklish , including myself . are intp's just ticklish or do i just happen to know ticklish intps ? i think it's because we're one of the more less aggressive intellects , and we're outwardly more interested in fun things and aren't trying to shove our smartness down people's throats , or at least ... stats show that intp's are about 3-6 % ish of the population . 1/16 = around 6 % , intp's are generally a minority you're either saying intp's are 20 % of the population , or 80 % of the people who say ... something against gus being entp is that if an entp wants to hear your opinion , it's to gather information to prove that they're right and turning that shit back on you . school them back into place ... tits or gtfo ! ! alittlebear i read papertowns like maybe even 4-5 years ago now , so i really don't remember any of the characters . i really enjoyed it though . i read looking for alaska this year , and i thought it ... my first john green book was paper towns the trailer came out today and i'm sufkcing excited * * hazel's dad made me uncomfortable . in the film i ... longest / childhood friend isfx other best friends are intj , entp , infj this is the longest time i've gone without biting my nails . i don't know what is too long and what to do when all of them are even in length . i'm trying so hard no t to bit them all off this video scum always raises to the top sorry for breaking the chain . paraphilia is not kawaii . those acts are non consensual . the lgbtuvwxyz movement is pretty close to the feminist / sexually harassing people is bad movements ... off hand his appearance was kinda grody , he looks like a thumb with hay stuck onto it . when i went to visit my friend's house ( they're still long distance ) she found his hairbrush in a kitchen ... people who stop me on the street and say ni hao ma . do you wanna know more about the lord and saviour no get gone . cantonese . atheist . leave me be . when people invade my personal space , whether ... 289490 2894 98 289506 beat , normal beat , full beat faces . i cut my own hair . '