' courtney grippling from as told by ginger . i just ... don't care . it's not like i haven't tried , but anytime i'd go to church , clap along and pray , i felt so inauthentic . but at the same time , growing up , it's like omg am i supposed to be ... as far as dealing with religion , i just don't . i was raised christian , but that stuff has never been of any interest to me . i just try not to worry about it . all i feel that i can do is to be as ... awful , simply awful . got fired yesterday because my supervisors theorized that i wasn't happy with my job ( even though i freaking loved that job ) . of course , they didn't fire me , they had someone ... nachos . disappointment . got a c on my first literature journal entry . admittedly i haven't been reading the book ( which is something you have to do in order to pass this class ) and that isn't a bad ... blue jeans , 3 button shirt , and generic white or black air forces . oh yeah , that one really bothers me . like seriously , no they're really not . i love sara quin . i work at a baking company and i hate it with an intense burning passion . the pay sucks , it's hot as all hell in there , and while some people may love the overtime ( which 2nd shift has all the time ) ... i don't know . summer school sucks and i'm failing . i only have one real friend , and he's a dick . i miss that counseling intern that i used to bitch about my problems to . i wanna change my ... pretty angry . failed my history test and government quiz really badly , then i come home to my stepdad's bullshit while i'm trying to sleep . i honestly want to kick some ass . well , i get along well enough with my mother . at the end of the day , i can't really say anything bad about her . my stepdad on the other hand ? i have major problems with him and who he is or who he ... ... um , no . there's absolutely nothing wrong with the way you look . lol overwhelmed . overwhelmed by lots and lots of nothing .  ... i don't even know . i know you more than you know yourself . frustrated . i wish i had my own place . so i'm up all night and decide to go to sleep at about 8 am . about 20 minutes later , my stepdad comes in and tells me to take the trash out . but he doesn't really want me to take the trash out , he ... skylar grey . every single time . tegan and sara obviously . :) also i've always been a big skylar grey / holly brook fan . some brownies . cliff huxtable . when i was in high school i tended to smoke weed occasionally . everybody that was cool seemed to do it , and i didn't wanna downright refuse or make myself look uncool . i remember the first time i ... yes sir . sometimes i feel downright obsessed . constant knot - city and colour i was a mix between the loner and the bad boy . always went to school but never went to class . i don't think i had any problems making friends , still don't ... i just preferred my own space . calamity jane . you thought we could be decent men , in an indecent time ! you were wrong . the world is cruel , and the only morality in a cruel world is chance . unbiased , unprejudiced … fair . his son ’ s got the same ... satisfied . final exams are halfway done , and the ones that i had the most trouble with turned out ok . my secret in silence you came into my life quietly , simply , placidly and my words stood still .. i couldnx 92t express in words or even in simple gestures the secret i kept in my heart so i ... i know i know i know - tegan and sara my inability to express my feelings to a friend of mine is seriously making me angry . every single day i see her , i waste and waste and waste and waste and waste time . it absolutely sucks and i wish ... the greatest man that ever lived - weezer oh my lord that was awful . there was so much more that they could've done with his character . outside of tori and tristan , he was my favorite niner . i wouldn't say crazy . it just makes me feel kind of boring . :d ry : been a big fan of degrassi for a few years now . i remember first watching it on mtv like 5 years ago . it was the episode where jt sold drugs to pay rent . i was hooked . i remember reading about it ... i like to keep it simple . i don't really like to draw attention to myself so i scale back abit on the things that i wear . 90 % of the time , i'm usually in a three button collared shirt . i'll ... index = 4 dude , i am feeling the exact same way ! everything that you said , man . : shocked : all i can say is be patient and true happiness will come to you . well , atleast that's what everybody else ... re-watching an old vid on youtube of a very talented musician singing one of her songs . i scroll down to the comments and noticed that i left a comment saying she sucks . turns out some idiot got ... i've been in that situation before .  ... and i didn't do anything about it , because i was just too insecure . yeah , i'm just gonna roll with this one . it's not a fail , but it's nothing remarkable either . just add in a few more things and this should be enough . we did on the first speech , but now , he doesn't care . whether the audience is interested doesn't really matter , considering that none of us know exactly what the other is going to talk about ... my speech class is by far the most difficult class for me at the moment . sure , college algebra is much more complicated , but speech is just downright frightening for me . i get so nervous whenever i'm ... '