' i'm no expert , and the other posts are full of really good points , but i don't see you as a 2 . i see phobic 6w5 , or maybe 5w6 or 9 . if you do tritypes ( i don't ) , you could throw a 2 into that . ... nope . what you have to ask yourself isn't whether you can see this pattern , but rather whether you would still see this pattern if the enneagram were randomly rearranged . the enneagram is now : 8 1 4 ... we're plenty sensitive . our fe sucks . therefore we have trouble knowing what to do with what people think about us ( criticism ) , but also , we have trouble sharing / expressing that . so we look less ... a book with a good amazon rating about something he likes better than books . the more pictures , the better . make sure it couldn't ever be used as a textbook . not sure why you're getting a book for ... if op is still around , your boyfriend is either a 5 or a 9 . both types could easily be istp . he gave 9ish answers , but could be a 5 keeping his boundaries intact . or he could be any type and just ... yeah , this is me . i am normally unexpressive and very controlled , so when i lash out at all , it's because i'm so emotional that i couldn't at all keep it in , wait it out , hide it , whatever . so it's ... cl0ud thanks and also ff7 rules . well i didn't come here to bash mbti in an mbti forum . but i see it and enneagram as two similar systems , equal in theory , but which have developed for different audiences such that enneagram has ... i believe the point here is that it makes the test invalid on you , as someone who could accurately fake those things or could accurately choose not to . it doesn't mean depression isn't real , and i ... i thought it was well-established that the more you know about mbti , the less accurate tests will be on you . i've certainly seen that explained when taking a more serious / research-oriented test ... you're not going to do better than amazon mechanical turk , and mturk is crap . $ 6 / hr is considered good and you can only manage that for an hour or two a day worth of the best-paying jobs . but they ... it does now . $ 120 well spent . take advantage of the college counseling while you have access to it . it could save you years of trouble . if it doesn't help , you haven't really lost anything . even you have access to st . john's ... i , too , seem to have more trouble instead of less when i focus on the functions , even though i find them interesting . however i assess them , mine just don't map neatly to any type . i doubt there are ... if only . :( i've taken several tests and read like 23894 profiles and articles . didn't help . just gave me more potential answers to juggle at once , while asking the same questions . i'm gonna call ... sure-fire ways to tell you're an istp , go . eta : don't tell me to go read the thing . i have read the thing . i independently got i , n , t , and p from that . admittedly , op didn't sound very ne . taste is somewhat , but not mostly , type-related . i forgot about the book when i made that joke , but the movie is ... drop this belief in loyalty . it's not helping . everyone should do what's right , and what's right never has anything to do with who you're meant to be loyal to . neither does what's practical , really ... a lot of of it's in your imagination anyway . the rhythm / timing / emphasis of an accent is the largest part of it , and that goes away when you sing , because it's replaced by the song itself . i was about to say not an nt because no nt would be impressed by fight club , but you're an intp . i also drift off . it's ugly where i am . i can't enjoy it anyway , so i listen to headphones , and even if i don't , i'm still off thinking about other things . all i notice are the people , because each ... shame may not be the right word , but your type should hit you . there should be bad things there so accurate that it bothers you . stuff that if someone were reading all that to your face , you wouldn't ... the intjs i know definitely seem like the aldmeri dominion sort . i used to test as intp . i no longer believe that , and i don't want to be one anymore either . but i tested the rest of my family once , back then . i had an intj mother and sibling , and an istp ( maybe ... there is a such thing as an archetypal nord . so is nobody going to mention that there are exactly the same number of mbti types as daedric princes ? ( and nine divines , for the enneagram crowd . ) anyway , some people here need to revisit their ... not sure how useful this is without my type , but here goes . i live for a list of things i have to do . i have to move away . there are things , specific things , i haven't learned yet that i don't find ... terrifying and definitely not sexy , humbling . now ... brave or weak ? that depends on a deliberate decision to give up control , at difficulty , for a good reason , vs just ... losing control . done bravely , ... oh ... i didn't even notice there were flags involved . it makes a lot more sense now , thanks ! these are the top two options for country of birth . ( why birth , anyway ? i know people who have no memories of their countries of birth . ) is there a difference between them ? do they mean anything ? is ... i went to set my type to parkour but it was a drop-down menu . type me in any and all systems you know well enough . look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and write about your impression of it . i see some mountains , probably ... '