' my guesses for the three main guys in socionics are : dean - see sam - ili cas - sli i'm not sure about what they are in mbti . i feel like the show as a whole is very oriented towards the gamma and ... happy to oblige . ;) my personal experience as an enfp is that when someone violates my fi i can get very upset . however , it's rarely around the person that anger is directed at . if i find myself getting really angry , ... yes ? why ? haha i've heard a few times that enfps are the most introverted extroverts , and that may be true , but sometimes i truly think i am more of an i than and e . the reasons that i think i am an enfp is because ... this is tough , but i think a great chance to explore some wonderful characters ! hamlet - infp ophelia - isfp gertrude - infj claudius - intj umm , those are just my opinions . i agree that ... this was essentially my love life throughout high school . i so wanted to be in love that i tried to force it . i ended up in a relationship with someone i didn't have strong feelings for , and i think ... shhh ! ! ! that's supposed to be a secret ! don't give it away ! xd yeah ... be very very clear , otherwise i won't notice . not just me , but i think this is true for a lot of enfps . sometimes we get caught up in our minds that sometimes we can't just stop and pay ... it's bs , that's what ! unless it suits me ... xd in all honesty though , i do tend to swing back and forth a little . i really do think if a girl as feelings towards a guy she should ask him out . i ... from an enfp perspective ( who is not really into drugs ) , i would suggest not over thinking it . this is something i , however could never do , as i tend to over think everything , so i'll try some more ... m_dogg i wonder about rumple being an s , with all of the out-there leaps he makes to make deals work for him . he seems to be very quick on his feet when it comes to making leaps , even back when he ... blissfulpeach i love you to pieces , and i twuely appreciate the sentiment , even if i'm not really an infj . you are most certainly my crush . um , i would like to claim mr . henry for the enfp's . :) thanks so much . bye . if you have to know my reasons , these are them , the first being that he reminds me so much of me as a little kid . i ... alaiyo sakuri wasn't it the most gorgeously heart wrenching book ? the part with the little boy and the alligator made me ball . do you mean if the bible ( or whatever religious text you rely on ) specifically said god wanted us to have nine year old wives ? or if it simply accepted it as a cultural norm without speaking out ... redwroah for sure . chat me up , whenever you feel like it . :) i agree with you , as much as i think her innocence is adorable , i also admire her curiosity , sense of adventure , and yearning to ... it might be so . i've tried to explain why i think we're attracted to you , but mostly there's just a feeling that works for me . thanks ! i loved tangled too ( obviously ) . i could very strongly ... ah ! it's so hard to pick ! i'll go with my top ten , in no particular order . 1 . q 2 . quark 3 . the doctor 4 . picard 5 . data 6 . picard 7 . o'brien 8 . janeway that's for sure ! crazy attractive . hm ... more badass than atticus ... that's a tough one . i will think about it . frankenstein's monster is very much so , but i will never get over how when bob ... ashcancowgirl i'm going to think of a really deep philosophical explanation for the duck as it seems to be quite the eye catcher . it's my soul . it's my mind . i am actually a duck in a laboratory ... he's kind of the biggest bad ass in the history of literature . i just read it for the fourth time , and it just gets better every time i read it . sometimes he seems a bit untypeable as he's sort of ... bubbleboy atticus finch from to kill a mockingbird , moritz steifel from spring awakening , and the giver from the giver ( the last one is iffy , but i'm fairly certain about the rest ) . that's the most terrifying thing isn't , it ? i have a friend who is suicidal as well , but she's an infp . but what's even worse was that his death was so unnecessary and could have been easily avoided ... ruth 2ten * love fest * i forgot to mention how much i love your wonderful compliments ! i also quite like your avatar . :D yeah , so i've never met an infj that i didn't love . my mom's an infj , so is my best friend , the guy i've had a crush on for ages , and my favorite fictional character . :D i need more of you in my ... moritz is the most tragic character in the history of theater , in my opinion . but he is kind of hard to type . i definitely agree with ixfj , but i lean towards infj , because of his lack of ... i think assertiveness is great , but arrogance is not . there is certainly a line between asking for what you want and demanding it , i am not at all attracted to people who cross that line . most intjs ... i know this thread has been dead a long time , but i love this show , and wanted to know what other people thought . i think melchior is for sure and entp and ernst is an infp . i don't know if we can ... not many books make me cry , but i balled my eyes out when i read where the red fern grows , the giver , and copper sun . where the red fern grows made me cry because i have adore dogs , and just hate any ... i always thought that it had nothing to do with race at all and more with a lust for power and convenience . for example , in america when the natives turned out to be less than ideal slaves for a ... while i am usually sexually attracted to entps for whatever reason , i'm not sure i could make a relationship work for very long with one of them . i'm sure there are exceptions to that , but from the ... the most important thing is to enjoy your lifex 97to be happyx 97it ' s all that matters . - - audrey hepburn humour is an affirmation of dignity , a declaration of man's superiority to all that befalls ... i agree with pretty much everything that's been said here . i'm extremely private . it drives my friends crazy . people beg me to tell them more about myself but i don't feel comfortable getting into ... for one , i have long , deep conversations with my dogs . i'll dance like a crazy person and sing show tunes at the top of my lungs . i'll pretend to be favorite characters from books , movies , or plays ... i think my little brother is an esfp and a friendly acquaintance of mine from school is one , as well . i've always admired my brother's ability to be so diplomatic and social to everyone around him . i ... enfp with dark brown eyes . :) aw , how cute . ducks are wonderful that way , aren't they ? when i was in middle school i would feed the ducks in the pond outside my school every afternoon , and eventually the babies would crawl up ... thank you so much ! i will definitely use this in the future ! aw , thank you ! i definitely see the dream like quality of the image . i didn't see them at first , but now that you've pointed them out to me , i'll go take a look . they're beautiful ! i love the ducks ! i have some ducks , too ! 41914 41915 41916 this is my ... i'm so glad someone started this thread , because i definitely do this , i just didn't know how to put it into words . i can very easily laugh something off in the moment , because i really can't stand ... when you need your enfp friend's clothes to match and for her to tuck in her shirt under her sweater and twitch for the rest of the day when she doesn't . haha , i love my j friends . ^ _ ^ oh , thank you ! i'm flattered ! i'm very blessed . most of these were taken when i was back home , over summer / spring / winter breaks in california . your photography is fantastic , as well ! 0.0 this ... sorry for the spam , it won't let me get more than a few photos on each post . 41654 41656 41657 41658 41659 here are some more . i don't know why they're so small , but if you click them , they get bigger . 41650 41652 41653 these are some of my most recent . i'll add more later . :) 41646 41647 41648 i try to get along with everyone , but my closest friends are almost always nfs , though i know a few nts that i consider good friends , as well . i generally don't have many friends that are sensors ... i used to ( and still some times do ) act out my dreams while sleeping . my mom's workshop was only two doors down from my bedroom and one a few separate occasions i would walk in there , in my sleep , ... i more i want to diet , the more junk food i eat . i'll spend a ton of money on those sour movie theater candies even though i know for a fact that my tongue will burn like crazy by the end of the ... i was mistyped as an infp and i don't think that's uncommon . i know i need a lot of time to myself and as much as i love people , i definitely get worn out after a while . i think to people who know ... '