' i have had problems with him all my life . pretty much he wanted me to be a carbon copy of him , into sports , work hard with my hands , etc . so obviously we have not gotten along on that front . he is ... you didn't listen when i was talking to you before . why would you start now ? you can't move the goalposts when they have already been set in a previous post . the bible claims that all mankind came ... i already commented on speciation when i was talking about noah and his ark . i am talking about evolution into a different kind of animal . darwin's finches could have been hybrids . scientists in ... i'd like to think i am too but i'd be fooling myself . there is no magic bullet just like there is none for evolution . i really don't see why there is a problem here . people who believe in biblical prophesy believe that the question will ultimately be ... i thought we were talking about all the odd stuff that comes out of our box of cereal when we sit down to have breakfast . i never know what is coming out of there . empirically proving that god does not exist . which is a possibility when more information is gathered . well if you are talking about fewer assumptions if you simply assume that there is a god ... not into alternate history that much but i think cool intp kids is an oxymoron . perhaps that could be an alternate history subject in itself . what would the world be like if intps were considered ... college experience for me = do not study , speed read lessons , do a couple of problems to get the process down if absolutely necessary . beat entire golden sun series while lectures are happening ... i already said my beliefs are not unfalsifiable . they just have not been empirically falsified yet . metaphysics is a branch of philosophy concerned with explaining the fundamental nature of being ... no banks . 10 characters it probably does to you yes . why does is bother you what other people do with their time or how they feel ? if they look down on you personally then avoid them . yeah i can see the charms in ... i'm saying is all evidence leads to the truth . it is just not fully apparent what that truth is yet when it is and if it disagrees with what i believe then i will change viewpoints . attacking ... no that is what the other guy did which i agree is stupid . but what it this mark of fusion ? i did watch the video and it confused me . if it is not proven that fusion is possible because there is no ... flew converted in like 2005 i think . conversely i would be rather scared for my well-being if it came to the point of the government getting over-zealous and seeing goblins around every corner ... honestly i was just trying to understand if you were blaming the bible as a whole for it or the people who do the deeds . i probably could have chosen my words better . at the beginning of the thread i ... 21774 10characters i was trying to understand what you were meaning by your statement and now that i know i agree with you . i don't know how you could interpret my asking that question as twisting your statement ... i wondered what the hell got into 4chan with their obsession about it and i was mildly curious but now that i see the effect it is having on alddous i am really scared . i think i am going to stock up ... copper in health - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia certain metals can have health effects . colloidal silver was used as a cure all remedy until the introduction of penicillin . silver has ... human misapplication and brutality then is the fault of humans then would you agree ? and as for flew he was pretty old . maybe his energy level had something to do with that . i already posted the scripture that said that the old covenant was invalid . there are many others in the new testament but i am not going to bother posting them unless you give me a good reason to ... for the video i have to say i did not say that the dna is not similar . what is did say is that no one can explained how or where it happened and so saying that it did happen is a supposition . you may ... hannah the best palindrome ever :) what is interesting to me is that with all of the genetic evidence at hand there has still not been a definitive link made to humans . and by definitive i mean when , where , how , etc . lol i ... indeterminate how old the earth is . definitely much more than 6,000 years . i explained how i reconcile this before but wont now cause you told me not to . adam and eve were real according to my belief ... not according to the new testament which says the old is for historical value and invalid so i am fine at the moment . if you want to view the old as valid go right ahead but honestly except for it's ... i only said that to fire an equally inane comment back at souljurn who claimed that the other atrocities showed how religion in general was dangerous . not the diseased mutations that these people ... i am reading about the popes right now . you really should too its like reading a horror novel . i think of all christianity the hierarchy of the catholic church has about the very least to do with the ... have you ever heard of eugenics ? this is not a belief problem but a human problem . please give me an example . if we take what peerless says to be true we can't judge someone on their ethos ... that last paragraph is an assumption on your part . i am not scoring any points . merely giving my point of view . and the uncertainty does not just stretch into the past . let me give a modern example ... brevik didn't do what he did for a biblical reason either . he said he wanted to bring back the knight's templar which were a group of some of the most bloodthirsty people ever specifically picked out ... hitler is debatable . from my research it seems like he was trying to bring back the culture of the goths and the alliance with the catholic church was merely political . he wanted the bible to be mein ... i love monty python and weird japanese game shows . my favorite book series growing up was discworld and that is pretty whimsical . i was really sensitive when i was younger and got my heart broke at just about anything but as time went on i gained a tougher skin and now it takes a nuclear bomb blast to penetrate my emotional ... remember stalin and mao ? yep no harm in saying there is no god either . [ url = ] i created a list of fossils that had been faked according to news sources as well . i will let you look for it . as to the others ... refuted it how ? i break the old covenant every day almost . if you think it is still in effect then i'm in a lot of trouble . man you are a brick wall . i am done with you . already explained ... okay where is the evidence that you have that god does not exist ? if this is indeed a valid analogy then there would be empirical evidence not based upon theory that god does not exist . since god's ... i commented on this already . the old covenant only has historical value for today . jesus was speaking to the jews who were still under the old covenant because he was not dead yet . the old covenant ... where is the harm in believing ? as you have pointed out before people did not know the depth of scientific information we know now . this is not a freaking technical manual . the point is the bible is not saying that the earth is ... i took an evening off last night . that was really fun . okay that is a given for science . i was equating science with atheism which is obviously wrong on my part . i agree i was wrong ... comment on the old testament laws that are still valid the sabbath is totally invalidated in the new covenant . as is the death penalty . and i already said i don't believe in hell and gave biblical ... okay i have thought about what you are saying for a while . please correct me if i have come to the wrong conclusion . i guess you are saying that other belief systems are differentiated from science ... make lemonade . add rum . drink . the deal is to follow them to the best of your ability . sin is taken into account . no one can be perfect . and jesus established a new covenant which invalidated some old covenant laws that were ... the same argument could be made for any other belief system you care to mention . for instance if a lot of things are left unexplained how can it be attributed to evolution when it is a nebulous ... calling attention to it probably won't help . yes but they have not been found yet . also for the imprecise world argument consider this : elements vital for our life ( particularly carbon , oxygen , and iron ) could not exist were it not for the ... '