' i'm the humblest person on earth , i'm so humble that i make the dalai lama look like kanye west by comparison . i've always had a weakness for old avril . and all goddamn music purists and elitists can just kiss my beautiful , firm ass .  oh boy , i listened to this like zillion times but i gotta say it again and again : man was motherfucking genius . and now i need to get some buzz . and ...   movie with no dialogues or speech at all . dubstep is like the shittiest shit of all shits that've been ever shat . all you need is love , dam dam da da dam ! fucky . died ? that ain't happening . you clearly don't know where the bounds are .  taxation is still just a f'ing theft , no matter how many logical fallacies you employ . edit : and axl rose is indeed the biggest dickwad in the rock universe . peace , fellow enfp . : c )    maybe as a die-hard grunge fan i should be ashamed , but i've always had weakness for her . and all goddamn purists and elitists can just kiss my ass . blood is less than blood until you bleed joy is less than joy until you need stains are less than stains until you clean words are less than words accept finite disappointment , yet never lose infinite hope . i was walking down the street when i met this girl i know from elementary . without any large use of words we hugged , kissed , met my father on the way back to my place and then made love . these ... most of the time while doing mbti tests i hit e / i borderline ( like literally 1 % difference ) , so the results oscillate between infp and enfp . on enneagram and instinctual variants i steadily hit 9w1 ...  secretly i'm a lesbian . raped i've played chess less than 8-10 times in my whole life so ...  hi res : whole patriotism thing is one of the most idiotic concepts that man has ever created . - dreamy - lazy - liberal - thoughtful - loyal - headstrong - masked - rebelious - passionate - musical i'll do my best , i promise ! : happy : yeah , ecstasy makes you depressed for a day ( or more , depends on how often you do it ) after the effect is gone . it's somewhat of a sacrifice , you must live ... thank you buddy , i hope things will get better too , despite that it's been over a year and still can't see any positive shift yet . but hey , you know what martin luther king jr . once said , we must ... most likely , i spent more money on drugs than everything else .  infp , agnostic atheist . does pope shit in the woods ? oh , what a beautifulx 96 remember that time when wex 96 i'll never forget thex 96 we had the mostx 96 my god , that was so incrediblyx 96 over '