' the imaginarium of doctor parnassus . it's a trip without the acid ( or shrooms , etc . ) . momo by michael ende . ixfx tmlt unabashedly tell a lewd joke when in a formal setting ? what would you do if you had the first encounter with an extraterrestrial that no one else knew about ( supposing that they're benevolent ) ? respond to the person above you , then come up with a new ... actually , i just checked rottentomatoes.com and found that most audiences liked it , even though critics panned it . this site's more eloquent than me : ... boy : reese , elliott , tegan girl : tatum , piper , genevieve are there any films that have gotten from both critics and audiences that you like ? what are they ? here's mine * the butterfly effect * freddy got fingered * the league of extraordinary ... quit cigarettes a few weeks ago and have managed to save a lot of money . xstjs and istps . istjs and estjs are hard-asses and istps always seem like they're going to fly off the handle to me . nachos and salsa xnfp . i'm actually glad i heard that song ; it's nice . songs stairway to heaven ( led zeppelin ) unchained melody ( most popular version ) n . i . b . ( black sabbath ) bohemian rhapsody ( queen ) diamonds and rust ( john baez , and later judas priest ) films ... cyrano de bergerac . also , does french-german count ? if so , it's vampyr . all along the watchtower covered by jimi hendrix should be an obvious one . also , hush covered by deep purple and lake of fire covered by nirvana . first of all , nobody deserves to be called a retard . secondly , not everything about being autistic is negative . everyone has a forte , and that includes people who are lower functioning , too ... toxic ? really ? i have schizoaffective disorder and i take umbrage to that . my friends without mental illnesses are very understanding about my condition , and often tell me that i am kind and good at ... i would say that you definitely have the profile pattern for a person with high functioning autism ( asperger's is no long in the dsm ) . however , i am not a doctor ; you should seek a psychiatrist . i'm an atheist and i have not read the bible cover to cover , but i do know that rabbits don't chew their own cud , the moon doesn't make its own light , you can't make a goat spotted by having its ... the san people of southern africa are directly related to the first humans . technically , they originated in ethiopia , or , at least , in the horn of africa . there is more evidence for altruism in mammals than there are in reptilians , amphibians , etc . because we are mostly social animals ( i guess it depends on your definition of social in this case , ... xnxp tmlt dislike little children but love babies ? i wish i could give you good advice , but i have this problem , too . if getting out there is enough to solve the problem , i'd have been in a great relationship a long time ago ; i've tried pretty much ... i guess i'm kind of an anchor for some people who know me . my mom has a lot of issues with depression that seems both natural and genetic . my best friend went to jail a few times , and , out of all his ... gloves i'm feeling fat ... and sassy ! icy nite  ... i really don't like that song . isfp yeah , i go to omniglot sometimes , usually to re-learn phrases in other languages that i'd forgotten about and will need on my trip around the world . thanks ! i love it , too . i use my specialized form of numerology to predict what kind of a woman would date me . no joke . 1 . zooey deschanel 2 . emma stone 3 . bret anderson ( female ) of the donnas only with any pretty lady who smiles at me . i'm actually from the states . energumen is a word that also exists in english ; it's just pronounced differently and is rarely used . very good point ! i didn't think of that . what if people had forcefield technology ? when i was a preteen , i invented a religion without dogma in which there was a winged goddess and a three-headed lion god , both ruling the multiverse equally . the symbol for it was a barber's pole . my apologies for the alliteration . imagine that only weapons used for hunting would exist , but wouldn't be able to harm humans . would people still find other ways of killing each other , maybe ... my personal favorites are balinese , russian , and thai . there are also numerous asian indian scripts i like , but i'm too lazy to look for them now . extinct writing systems i like are the ... someone likes leonardo dicaprio . i'd say estp . * gandalf ( the lord of the rings series and the hobbit ) * albus dumbledore ( the harry potter series ) * aslan ( the chronicles of narnia ) * hellboy ... enfj tmlt exercise and lift weights daily so that he / she can get physical revenge on someone who's abused / harassed him / her . xsfp  xntp tmlt have invented his / her own religion at a young age , but didn't follow it or take it seriously ? strange , but fun . enfp my heart is my shield that softens the blow my mind is the sword that strikes anew i am the lord of the dragons i am the lady of pagans i am the one who wounds with rue whodunit '