' this thread is for japanese music not videogame music . people , if you post a song , please try to post a link or include the english lyrics somewhere . another one of my favorite japanese songs . when i started to read this i just read the first part and thought you were 5 months old . i was all like what , a baby understanding english and using a computer ! babies to start this thread off i will post my absolute favorite japanese song in the whole wide world . this song was so powerful that it gave me a mystical ... this thread is about everything related to modern japanesemusic . i first got into listening to japanese music through anime and sincethen i ’ ve been hooked on it . in this thread you can discuss / post ... interesting , i always thought that guys who display the behavior that i described in my opening post like , cuddling , making gay jokes , pretending to be gay by copying the mannerisms were for the most ... i was asking if it happens in countries other than the united states of america . also , which countries in specific do you know about where it happens . i wouldn't be offended to see two straight females making out but i would also understand that lesbians might be offended by it . also , i don't really get offended when men exhibit gay mannerisms . i think its the people that are slightly homophobic that would sometimes behave this way . the people who are like haha gay is funny and weird lets make fun of that gay person , as opposed to people ... my sources of information are for the most part based off of what i learned from reading robert hare's book , without conscience , which discusses psychopathy . robert hare is the psychopathy expert . a ... aja 675 kittens are awesome how do you both know that athena walker's writings from quora is a reliable source for information on psychopaths ? you really think that joking with gay behavior comes from acceptance of homosexual culture ? if its out of acceptance than why is it seen as a joke . it's like they're playing with gay behavior like ... but it was gay behavior . you could tell the kids in high school were acting in ways that they knew were like gay people . it wasn't normal metro life style type of behavior , they were acting out ... i grew up in a suburban town in new york state in north america , and i noticed in my school there was a trend of male students joking with gaybehavior or exaggerating gay behavior . it wasn ’ t a lot of ... crazitaco test i don't want them so bad to be psychopaths and i will admit the possibility that i could be wrong . i'm just arguing my point to see what people think of it . if i said yeah okay your right they are ... i don't really know much about how she acts around other people now or when she was younger but from what i've seen when she was with other people , now and when she was younger , there was nothing out ... no . but it could be because if she is a psychopath , then she would learn to hide her antisocial behaviors or to suppress them . that is what prosocial psychopaths do . how can it be different with ... dancing babies , singing babies , laughing babies , almost anything related to babies . i don't like that people have to make direct eye contact when talking . holding eye contact makes me uncomfortable and its hard to find the middle ground between staring at someone and not making eye ... i've seen people notify other people and me by just mentioning other peoples usernames or my username in their post . how do you do this ? my thread has this problem . i made like 8 response posts on the the 1st of july and i don't think the people are getting notified about the posts that i made . do you know how this can be fixed so ... in a thread that i created called i think that my dad and my sister are psychopaths ask me about it i made like 8 posts , 7 of which show up . despite this , when i look at the thread it says that ... ghost in the shell . when i was about 5 to 7 i was obsessed with babies . i found everything baby related funny . i still love babies now . this is my favorite melancholic rap song because it talks about how sad life in the inner city can be . the line that really got to me was that's why ... pharrell williams . babies or kittens ? i have another question . do you think for autobiographical or memoir writing that i need to go to graduate school or would writing classes be sufficient training ? i ask this because if i go to ... thank you for letting me ask you some questions . my first question is do you think writing philosophy papers is enough experience in writing , or should i take a writing class and maybe go to ... i love how your purpose has to do with your group of friends . it's good to hear of people thinking about others . hey lavendersnow ! since i last talked to you i started writing an autobiography . after reading the post above that i quoted you on , it seems like you have a lot of knowledge about writing . i would ... hey cupcake angel ! i'm in a similar position that you are in . i'm 26 and have a b . s in psychology . also , i'm thinking of pursuing a career as an author . interesting , you think in life it is better to observe than to be a participant ? i've thought about this before and i'm interested in your opinion on observing vs participating . i also think that i ... it ’ s sad how the realities of life , as in getting a goodpaying job , prevent people from pursuing their true passions . i wish we livedin a world where all people could do what the truly loved , and ... you have a lot of artistic interests . that is great . why did you decide to focus on writing in university ? also do you write a lot of poetry and fiction ? i kind of like poetry and writing . i wrote a ... i think that my purpose is to learn and study about everything beautiful . in my opinion that includes to study and learn about : 1 . mystical experiences and mysticism 2 . emotions / feelings / experience ... i just want to say that i absolutely love this post , love your quote about kindness , love your avatar , and i love love love your username ! that's a really great purpose ! art is what makes life beautiful and worth living . may i ask you , what kind of art do you want to create ? i'm currently reading a book called the language of emotions . it was written by a self described empath . i have only read one chapter and i already love it ! ! ! can my name please be changed to kazuma ikezawa ? i think that i got overexcited about the word mystical that i misspoke ; i'm more interested in mystical experiences than in mysticism , but i still like mysticism . i don't know anything about the the ... facts sport . but when its your lover you both are on the same page and are secure in what kind of relationship you have . with a lover you both romantically love each other . when its a blurred lines intimate ... '