' don't worry , that's not the case , i tried to give a reply but couldn't articulate what i wanted . :) best wishes ~ ~ ~ edit i don't know anyone well enough to make a decision i am sure you're all lovely D: wow , thanks you guys ! you guys are all really thoughtful and i have to say even if i need more time to think of the best symbolic way for me to do this , being able to have a discussion about ... maybe a better angle to go at it would be to the idea of the misunderstandings between us or the fact there are things that will never be made meaningful or explainable to me ... so then i was ... obviously i can't do anything as cheesy as a broken heart . i looked up to see if there was a flower that meant anything like good intentions or bitterness or broken heart or something about the ... i agree with orangeappled in what i love about make-up and with sittapygmaea in what i hate about make-up ! picking my outfit , make-up that goes with the outfit , and having my morning coffee are ... instrumentals , they say things words cant feeling empathy and learning how to express it constructively are different parts of the brain . it is true that not all f types are naturally empathetic , at least not all the time . in my experience ... she sounds manipulative . she breaks up with you for attention and re paints her motivation as benign to get attention . she made your dad's death all about her by instigating drama . i am sure you do ... lol i don't think we do have a reputation as high matinence . i am high matienence in that i require love , sex , affection , reassurance , and someone to listen to me and deal with my emotions if i'm ... that depends ... : kitteh : ask for advice , refuse it . wake up when sleeping . tell long stories with no point pertaining to nothing relevant to them . continue changing the answers so you can never master the system ( for ... from my intp boyfriend . you would be in be in prison and there would be a parole board to get out . the parole board would consist of me and the owner and operator of hell an omnipotent , irreplaceable ... i don't think that's possible ? like i think that wall is thicker than you think ... wait ... have you done that ? my apologies sir , how dare i peeve you i've had passionate steamy grand gesture romance and it can end very brutally - - they may not be able to weather the downs , because that kind of love can thrive on idealized visions and romance and ... what are you guys like in healthy relationships ? what do you like ? how do you express love ? those complaining about how such things do not exist for intps or generally bemoaning singlehood , ... maybe you could ask him directly if he wants to make out and then run and hide if it's excruciatingly awkward and never see him again ? she wasn't asking if he'd be jealous , she was saying since she isn't committed to him and she does not have to ask permission , if she chose to sleep with someone else , should she stop having sex with ... also , don't ues the fact this person as an intp to excuse anything that seems manipulative or using as logic infp behavior or sometihng , someone can be emotionally detached without being ... everything would seem normal but the i wear the pants in this relatonship is a blatant power play . fwbs and sexual but not exlcusive and friendly romantic relatiosnhps can exist , but that still has ... did it end up ok edit ; that was posted in caps but they edited the caps away let me try again did it end up ok ficsci i got really emotionally involved in your story my heart was so tense as i was reading and i admire how you took the plunge please give me details ! ! ! or they delete a thread that's getting long because it's taking up phone memory but not the thread with their boyfriend because it has happy memories / works in tech support it's completely normal ... ok , she may or may not , but to help you're thinking ... - disregard anything that happened before you were official . before she knew if you two were exclusive she cannot be construed as being a ... that's common sense to me i'd agree but i think you ultimately want the peopel close to you to find something special about you as i find in them i feel uncomfortable asking this , but because i'm worried for you , i inquire , where do you live and if its in the usa , are you black , native american , or hispanic ? i make it a habit by doing it often but working it into a way that rewards me , i play music or a tv show i like in the background and let myself organize and decorate as i go . i split into rooms as i ... tb h this looks kind of odd in that if he views you as a friend or has a potential attraction to you but isn't actively pursuing you / isn't the kind to do so , and has other stuff going on in his life , ... same . at my current job my boss is pushibg me to build a rapport with every customer .. and i wouldn't believe that was even possible except for some people i work with genuinely do just that or just ... i don't know you seem to have a grasp of different areas of your personality , i'm not sure quite what to tell you . i can somewhat relate to lots of what you say . how do you like being a ... haha yep that was it i really feel like i have something to tell you but i'm not sure how . ok , for example , sometimes at my jobs , something will end up bothering me , be it a situation that feels like there's ... idk i think i flirt a lot , whether it's percieved as such by others or i'm good at i'm not sure * shrug * i don't thinking that way is really the point of it for those who don't know , omegle . com is a anonymous chat routlette . don't wear for those with social anxiety , you don't have to show your face and can easily disconnect and it's anonymous . you can ... hahaha sometimes i'm good with kids but sometimes i'm not . i went out with my co-worker and her kid i think is kind of shy and awkward and wanted me to be silly and kidlike with her like chase her ... it's just on the internet , other types like to use this to idk feel stronger or tougher or smarter or something . in reality i think most infps are slightly detached and analytical , they may be kind ... i think people are being insensitive by making a big thing of something that generally makes the people feel better involved swept under the rug , and the fact they're in high school and fascinated by ... nothing to do with type ... i would prefer my so would be less comfortable sharing his bodily functions with me ... he farted on me while spooning last night .. i said dude , really ? and rolled ... spend more time itneracting with women and try to view the world more objectively . to idealize someone is to dehumanize them . keep working on it until you understand why that is . you guys can't tell i'm joking and it's making me unsure if i should explain i was joking or just continue in the same vein so i'll just take a moment to say this is just me bored n pouting , i'm not ... he did not spend tonight with me : < stupid boy . he is no longer fuzzy , now he is an urchin . insensitive sea urchin . i get where you're coming from , i think the thoughts are rational but the emotions are very very strong . i think when you're in a better spot and more calm they'll simmer down into smaller ... tbh i'm not super into the story on gow i just play the fight only themes like vs . & horde because i like the shooter part , the story parts just seem to annoy me that's very generous of you * sends crossword puzzle * lol who said you guys can charm any woman online where did this come from ? edit : before someone calls me mean , i think people use this forum as some kind of cult where they literally think type ... depressed people speak in absolute terms , they are in a different reality . they are experiecning something entirely different then mentally healthy people and being mad at them or telling them to ... '