in matters of romance it comes down to the individual , not type . he's already made his decision . theorizing should be your specialty , how can you not make a decision ? what kind of impractical vs practical theories are we talking about here ? sex first , talk later . philosophy is for those that are bored and / or not busy with their lives . sometimes things arise where we don't have time to think . after some information gathering and gauging the responses of others , i'm wondering if vixin even had a point to this . ball is in your court vixin . dually noted . i suppose that is one way of looking at it , but i'd rather hear what vixin has to say on the matter . i guess my question is confirmed then ( topic creator , new account , as usual ) . estps strike me as being too active for a relationship . is inter-lonely a word ? however , i notice that estps in a ... why do you want this to be rewritten , if i may be so bold ? once the process is down to a science , it is hard to go back . that would imply action vs idle , i think ? you know you are an estp when everything gets put on hold for ... the chase . hmm , getting spring cleaning done xd busy , busy , busy . gonna mow lawn and clean the car and clean the bathroom and clean the kitchen and clean dishes , nyaoh . other people can't be controlled against their will . what you are really saying is estps prey on the weak and gullible , which i disagree with . really depends on what we are negotiating about . there's some degree of risk when transferring assets . whose interests to look after ? if i may interject - to any infj ladies that are looking for committed dancing under the moonlight , my stallion awaits . i don't have time for children making decisions for adults that have lives . i do have one political stance though . obama is stupid . it appears to be intertwinement at the neural level when opinions and uncertainties mesh together between people . rather than just single cognition in one person , it is transmission through a series ... odd . i noticed a dynamic between myself and infjs for some time now - at least in regards to interpersonal . i do not know how this applies to other estps . my assumption was estp + infj had the ... topic title . let's see just how social / affectionate estps are . single . when your cocky estp wolf grin is all that is needed to disrupt passive aggressive behavior . when people break their loyalty , and come back later and make demands . i'm glad we haven't worked anything out . assuming of course that there isn't increased bloodflow to my dick when i stare at a woman . this clearly makes me excellent at dating as different parts of my brain light up . scheming and outwitting others ? why certainly . i think estps have many different facets that allow them to make progress . as to whether an estp sees an opportunity and takes it ... good , i'm going to bed . don't make an ass of yourself while i'm gone . are you done going off on a tangent ? cleo you're leaking . you wish to understand what it means to calculate with ruthless accuracy the scheming machine of the estp ? ... welcome aboard brother . the battle awaits . ... however , you must first ... you claim power and dominance , but you also use rapport and assertiveness , both of which are considered key traits in a relationship . however , you also claim power and dominance . you assume the ... take my hand and walk with me in the valley of shadow . cleo , if you keep this up your wings will turn black . cleo , love , you need to learn to walk away . does this mean i just won our conflict ? ^ ^ i'm sorry , but your response caught me completely off guard and i don't want to make a reference to my brief hard on . hey cleo , you wanna go out on a date later ? estp stands for excellent schemer to perfection . * deep breath * let's see ... i was big on sonic satam , sonic the hedgehog , the sega genesis and the archie version of sonic the hedgehog . did you know fleetway also made a version in the uk , that ... this topic is stupid . this asshole of a boyfriend stinks . why don't you find a flower to date ? he made you cry didn't he ? dump his sorry ass . i will give you the following case scenario as to why i dress nice now - i had many of the same pants , shirts and shoes for years . i did not care if they made me look like a douche , loser or ... estps form their core values by engaging in life . infjs live their life through their values . what are your core values , how and why did you come up with them , why are they important to you , have ... cleo has just made my friends list . sarcasm - do i look like an entp to you ? you aren't flawed . i'll let you in on a little secret - society has a word for people that do what they want , it's called being a selfish loser . you haven't joined in on the bandwagon , you're holding out , you value ... mentioned by a blog user - typing of enfp / istp is different from other types . on duality , how would different types see each other and how might they be unique to each other ? simple question , how do you deal with your rage ? i have found four activities - body building running car at max rpm / mph horror movies as of late , i'm looking at martial arts or dancing .