' this thread is still going em ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk that is bullshit ... infj says ... nothing . false ... infjs sleep all day and all night . the famous words of most infjs . a . acknowledge you do not like sfs much ... b . be looking out for variety in friends ... c . see yourself finding more friends ... yeah ... so was i ... so i dated her ... dated an infj from this very site . have plenty of infj friends in rl . have plenty of facebook infj friends . they are all glorious creatures but don't get caught in the trap of thinking that ... this thread is slightly entertaining . um ... this goes along with the crotch shots i get from women . why are you staring at my crotch ? ! keep doing you boo . the mind is an interesting thing . it likes to create stories . stories are not necessarily true . they are just stories . the best way to make the mind quiet is to : talk to it , telling it ... why do you think we are also considered rogues ? being wise is knowing regardless of what you believe or try to incorporate there will be an equal part of resistance to your vision . this could be ... haha ... there are many different modes . not one mode works for all people . business planning . vision may be : build credible and repeatable business through cxo executive relationship references value would be : more predictable and measurable results through ... it's a complex issue which requires an analysis of family structures , post-modern american cultural mixing , the continuing rising tide of capitalism , post-modern feminist movement . reality is the ... i am remise to say that i have , at one point , or another , experienced every single one of these . by their very definition , i do not particularly find that people who do these things ( myself ... a follow-up to my mentally strong post a while back . 1 . they donx 92t beg for attentionneeding attention is directly linked to emotion . those who feel the need for recognition only find themselves ... it takes the right person and infjs are usually one of those types . enfps are also those types because they will push out love to you . infjs will take in love from you . it's like an ebb and flow ... entp ( don quixote ) - 260 entj ( jack london ) - 255 enfp ( huxley ) - 235 intj ( robespierre ) - 225 intp ( balzac ) - 225 estp ( zhukov ) - 215 enfj ( hamlet ) - 210 infj ( dostoyevsky ) - ... primarily , it's the confidence for many types . socials see assholes as usually top chain on the pecking order which can be the furtherest from the truth . i can go full asshole mode when necessary ... those three are interconnected , i agree . i do not focus on my weaknesses , however . i ponder them for a bit and i work on them but the reality is it is imperative to work on your strengths . this ... sure . plenty of times . people i love a lot . people who love me a lot . people i do not like . people who i crush extra hard on . with all that ... they can be had . they are a tad bit hard to find in their original forms of course . cork screw up or cork screw down ? that's reality to me at least , an every folding loop . it could be ... amazon ? parochialism is to religion as love is to philosophy . godhead ... a forget word within the bible for many christians . the concept of trinity . father , son , holy ghost working in ... noocracy is something i am not well versed in , but it seems like an interesting approach . a collective mind . prythagorians are some of my favorite historical studies . don't get me wrong though . when ... just observing . goodbye . when you realize your only competition is yourself you tend to let that attitude go . i am an sx / so and i have solid sex drive . fickle is a good word . i will not have sex with anything on two legs ( or four for that matter ... you know , sheep . ) i can just have sex for the sex of it ... the ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence . - jiddu krishnamurti i find it rather intriguing to watch this unfold . form is to function ... as function is to ... just don't accept hugs from infjs . you'll be okay . jump off a building or something . yeah ... i'm dead serious about work , but i know how to have fucking fun . banned ? that was fast . i am competitive , 100 % , with myself . i measure in self . ahhh ... that reminds me of something ... deja vu ! ! ! 1 ) do you remember your dreams often ? at times . then again , are we dreaming or are we awake beings . 2 ) do you place any significance on them or do you think they mean nothing ? mindfully so ... this type of honesty comes out of indifference . when indifferent there is a tendency to be silent . practice being present . how do you do this ? by meditating with self . learning to quiet the mind . i am not going to go into great detail on how to do basic meditations but look for very simple ... 1 corinthians 1:25 for the foolishness of god is wiser than man's wisdom , and the weakness of god is stronger than man's strength . as above , so is below . wisdom is seeing beyond the veil of a ... no , actually , it says trying to please people . sometimes people do not want to be pleased . sometimes they do . for instance ... if i was to whisper a sweet nothing in your ear is that ... the philosophy of it is knowing it's a process . wisdom comes . makes one question if anything . that , for me , is good enough . i looked at number one ( si monster ) and pretty much begin to reanalyze ... agreed to an extent . the key is not to ponder for too long before taking action . useful words to live by . 1 . dwelling on the past mentally strong individuals focus on the present moment and on the near future . they understand that the past is out of our control and the ... te is great . i have to be extremely passionate about something to use it though ... i break concepts down into laymen's terms . antidotle insights . parables . depending on the type of ... there is absolutely no question in my mind . obama is an entp . he has been typed in other forums as well . he comes off as intellectually gift , strong minded , willing to adjust and counter-maneuver , ... who says you have to be anything ? it's all variable on factors . i usually listen if i care about them enough . that's followed by some comment completely unrelated to take their mind off things and make them laugh . you know , put on the ass-cap and monkey suit , ... the intriguing part is how many more things you learned in building that diode . our brains are wired to connect things at a radical pace . by building that diode you have undoubtedly replicated that ... everything should be checked and than recorrected . as entps it is our job to capitalize on what we see as trends and the reverse order in which they will deconstruct . you spot the trend , see the ... istp she dreamed of being free yet she never could escape from her own ideal world . i tend not to point . i'm a gentleman . i think of all things as just evolutionary in their existing state . nothing stays the same . flowers bloom , than they dry or decompose . the moon comes up , and than it magically is replaced by the ... it was a tongue and cheek . sort of like ... projecting to lighten up ... it's not that serious . obviously you aren't getting enough ... '