' wasting time isn't necessarily a bad thing . as long as you still fulfill the things you need to do . be it school , a job , taking care of family , etc . i have come to realize that even though i spend a ... i've always used mbti as more of a guideline to learning more about the general thought process of people . as an infj you have 4 different functions introverted intuition , extroverted feeling , ... what is love ? i usually scroll through the newsfeed to get some giggles and a seemingly biased update on friends and acquaintances . all of my actual ( i guess closer is a better term ) friends use skype or gtalk ... i do judo but i still stub my toe into many . my balance on the other hand is great xd . i try to buy healthy ( or whatever i view to be healthy ) at the store and then i starve myself until i get the ... and this is why we can't have nice things ! well played mister . well played . i too share your fear as well ! ! ! come back and teach us when you are enlightened ! ! : kitteh : though i am becoming more receptive to pda ... one friendly hug at a time . i tested as 5w6 so i might be just glancing the nail but deductive reasoning usually quells my fears . i used to have a lot of anxieties and would be consistently stressed out . nowadays i just embrace ... not exactly a math major ( electrical engineering ) but i'd like to think my brain is good at doing math . though i do seem to have a sort of math dyslexia . if i look at whatever calculations i do or ... my mother ( i want to believe ) is an infj and she works as a qa ( quality assurance ) engineer for cisco ( they make routers / switches / etc and they own the servers that the internet basically sits on ) in ... haha , my roommate is exactly like that . less humor though , more on the philosophical / political discussions though . very smart in terms of general intelligence and all that science stuff . i complete ... i've got 3 people , entp , istj , istx ? ... we've been together for about 8 ~ 9 years ( since middle school ) . engineering . jk xd i am under the perception that most entry level jobs that do not require a bach o'science do tend to suck ( especially in this economy ) and even more so for us infjs ... i will ... happphhy neww heeearr ... hic . are you gay ? you have so much potential ? you are so smart ! if only you weren't so lazy : sad : ( i'm not lazy ... i just don't work / study like others do ) when are my grankids coming ? ( my ... that is a strong point ! like how many people say they didn't choose to be gay , i'm pretty sure many males ( as infj traits tend to lean towards social values often correlated with females ) didn't ... all the f * * * ing time . i don't use it for toxicity though , only to add colorful words to an otherwise bland statement . i can't memorize for crap . one thing that does help is the old fashioned way of writing it a couple times while reading it aloud . i can memorize things slightly easier using that method . i am ... maybe ? i'm quite good at keeping it platonic / professional . i swat down all the flags ! don't force yourself : tongue : i've only had one or two dates ( with the same girl in high school ) in my lifespan of about 20 years . sure i was depressed when i got dumped on valentines day and i ... i am a 5 as well but i tend to be more logical in my approach to things . sure my brain might go off and be like hmm ... something isn't right here but it might be quite the leap to jump from ... don't have a car but i do have a license to operate ... i prefer biking / walking / public transit to car though . i love mmorpgs . anything that is immerse and beautiful to my eye is generally an a + game in my book . i also play league of legends ( but i enjoy that because my friends enjoy it as well ... and ... think back at what makes you happy genuinely happy / content . i fell into a slump back in high school ( im in college now ) with an almost identical scenario regarding depression . i was depressed with ... this ! ! nothing pisses me off more than realizing my own stupid mistakes . i'm currently rooming with an intj and one clear difference i feel is the lack of empathy . he often likes to put the comfort of himself over the comfort of others . he also tends to miss quite a few ... i've walked into a realtor sign on my way back from school a great many suns ago . not exactly my best moment . i'm currently studying undergrad for electrical engineering and i simply love it . the people i get to hang out with are so quirky : kitteh : . i'm good at math and solving problems so why not . i mean ... yea she nailed it . though once we do have a mutual trust / affection , you may find that infjs have an overabundance amount of love in terms signs of affection . though i have not have a significant ... i might have a thought like that but i usually give people the benefit of the doubt , sometimes to the point of blissful obliviousness . my worst absorb moment was when i walked into a real estate sign ... i hadn't even noticed i left the sidewalk ... i didn't like her romantically ... because she was already taken . : blushed : and i don't roll that way . the way people have described intuition to me is that intuition is kind of a feeling that you kind of know how to do something but you can't technically describe it . or something like that . when ... sneaky 2 hander is the way to go ... nothing says ' igotcha ' like an invisible greatsword cleaving through an unsuspecting fellow ... ( for more realistic purposes i use a bow ... handles better ) i'm bad at flirting ... what do ? i wish i was alive like 4-8 years before i was born ... it seems like i am always at the wrong age at the wrong time :( other than the first statement : wink : , i fully agree with this guy . ( i use a lot of silly emotes , but maybe that is because i played mmorpgs for the past 8 or so years ) snark ; snark ; snark ; snark as ... not an expert on intp's but ... for my friend's i usually give them space if they are distant . i let them know that i will be there if they ever need me and they are more than welcome to come to me ... self control goes a long way : laughing : true that , all infj males are different in dealing with the opposite sex . usually this is based off experience and a lot of time . more experienced and older ... but i don't wana win the lotto : crying : i've heard bad stories ... mostly corruption and stuff ... i'm to awesome to be corrupt :p roud : edit : i'd make myself a super computer and donate the ... man i can't talk to girls for my life ... well the ones that i don't know . flirting is so hard ... on another note , i am very good at reciprocating and responding . not so much as initiating . i ... tbh i want to be an intj , those guys are absolute geniuses ... i act like them too ... that is before my emotions start kicking in . man i cry too easily . i feel special ... but not because i am ... tbh i don't know what i am . i just feel most at home in the infj part of the forums . ( well i feel most at home reading posts in the infj forums ... ) i've tested as intj , been told to by others that i ... 1.watch some anime together ? ? it's what i usually do when i feel down . :| 2 . start a fight club 3 . do not speak of said fight club league of legends anime homework ? ? ? and a lot of naps studying undergrad as an electrical engineer ... though i do have quite the passion for programming as well ... holy crap ... talk about creepily similar ... my hair can probably be styled but i am the type to just shave it to a buzz cut when it gets too long . besides that , it grows the way it grows . my bed ... i did this once ... back in like middle school = . = i don't think the i was too young to understand will do for his age nowadays , i usually get the signs , and back off ... then again ... i don't ... sniper on your 6 ! ! ! ~ a happiness sniper : o if a was a b and i am a b am i an a ? '