' just happened to be what i was listening to ...  i can speak ' up ' ( a variation of english where you place the word ' up ' before every vowel sound ) fluently , i'm learning german and i used to do japanese but it wasn't available at my new school . i ... i dislike my dad intensely . i don't like when that dude at school says i'm atheist because that's what unithest sounds like . my english teacher doesn't understand the phrase this is my last draft ... ... .  ... bahahahahah epic lol ! documentaries , fantasy , horror , thriller , suspense , comedy but my fave movie is spirited away . yeah my preschool teacher said , cordelia has a high tolerance for pain ... with the ... at the end . but potential serial killer ? nice . oh and , my mum confirmed that all my brother's stories ... i remember riding the giraffs in africa . i've never been outside of australia . my memories have been so blocked out that i have fond memories of all the dreams i ever had . all the nightmares too . i ... me as a kid : i remember spending a lot of time alone watching tv . i remember trying to learn spanish from dora the explora and writing from batman . i remember trying to learn how to draw numbers from ... bill bailey : three men walk into a bar and the whole scene unfolds in a series of events culminating in a futile inevitability . two men walk into a bar and one says , hey where's the third ... like most of the intjs i saw on the only two pages of the forum i read ( first and last ) i wear blue or black jeans and a t-shirt - black , plain red that might look fancy , plain purple or dark blue . i ... i have this problem too . especially after watching too much tv . or reading a really good book . it's my overactive imagination screaming at me to continue imagining amazing characters and thier voices ... i hate it because it makes my redhead friends dye thier hair and hate themselves . it's discrimination ! sorry , i spelt it wrong * fail * i just realized that ranger is the same spelling as in power ranger i did mean ranga . still hate that word ... we have those here too . they dye thier hair black or white and wear either dresses or what they think looks punk . honestly , you could break any one of ' em in half but they still think thier outfits ... my step-mother is like that . are yooou okaaay and she treats me like i'm her daughter no less ! best thing i've heard her say , oh i'm sorry sweeety ! i forgot you don't people touching ... that gets me all the time . exotic sounds like either a perverted description of a lady or a rich people's word for this fancy stupid material good hugs and love is an insult directed at me robot generally refers to ... i though this would quote your quote too but oh well . i want to compliment you and varulfr ( i hope i got the spelling right ) because kiwigrl , too true : i really did forget to mention why i picked ... i'm fine though , it's easy to sound depressed online xd i ignore my dad just as much as he ignores me . whenever i see him i try to get money off him , so far this year , that's $ 40 . the less he's in my ... dexter morgan ! ! ! him and his wonderful dark passenger ! my second favourite would be light . i hate near though , he couldn't beat l if he tried and l isn't even an intj . third fave is a tie ... geez . i actually do sound morbid and depressing sometimes . : crazy : my dad went to work before i woke up and came home when i was asleep . then on weekends he was away . then he was supposed to take me every second weekend but he skipped . then he was supposed to take ... every sentence you say ryhmes in time with last one and every word that you add is a fast one and the last one ryhmes with that one too , one two three , yeah , poetically . you know you just said ... you know you've had to much to eat when you roll instead of walking . you know you're addicted to facebook when ... what you do is answer the you know something's blank above ur comment and then write a new one . it doesn't have to be you know something's blank because that wouldn't give you many options now ... i'm not entirely sure how to put my pictures into this post , do they have to be on the internet somewhere ? a lot of the stuff in my photo album on my profile is my art . the weird painting definately ... okay , i agree with this entirely as a metaphor . i just want to be literal for a minute , for laughs . what if ... you're a shark ... that's totally into clown fish ... but you'll get stung by an ... lol : crazy : i had someone i missed all of last year and a lot of this year . i missed them because i like things staying the same and he used to annoy me all the time . i started a thread asking if i was in love ... i can agree that intjs probably don't find it funny , hidden penises and all . i admire the person who saw an opportunity to paste in the person in a penis costume however . if i could figure out who was an entp at my school that'd be fantastic . but since no one understand the myers-briggs test , they can't help me . i could always guess but with personalities you can ... i been stumped by what looks like a big job that needs to be done . i'm rewriting a story to perfect it ( or try at least ) and it looks like a lot so i haven't done anything for it . i have another ... i have trouble telling the differences in people . i see everything about a person as amazingly unique and new . they have different faces but all people to me seem to turn into boxes . little red boxes ... i could fall asleep to sick puppies right now , who was it that got me addicted to them again ? also , anything with nostalgic value . but if god is something to beleive in that we can't imagine then he can be anything we imagine ( yes including the spaghetti monster from south park ) so if we all have different personalities , ... ouch , the causing her pain idea has been shot down . i think i'd remember being hurt . and i'd leave . and i'd hate the guy forever . and he'd be like what happened to that chick ? she left ? oh , right ... 3 courses of surprise milk . each served with a straw . each milk is picked and given to me without me knowing the flavour . : laughing : i got surprise banana milk once . with a 30 cent discount . what sexy thing ? : confused : no seriously , i'm now downloading songs i've never heard before . why didn't i listen to this earlier ? and girls scare me sometimes too . i think i must be the weakest intj i know screw esfps ! take the chance woman ! having listened to you're going down by sick puppies , i am contented . thanks i agree , i can talk about anything if it isn't simply this is this , no arguing sounds like the advice my brother would give me if you want a girlfriend , punch her in the face i'm afraid of people . i can act completely wild and brave and strong but put me in a room with an isxj and i'll freak out . i'd probably beat down some poor estp though . '