' * calculates * * sneaks in through the back door * it's probably from being extremely tired . it happens to me when i'm exhausted , as if all other functions besides ni are shut down and i float up into the sky ... why do you want to make them do something they've already told you they don't want to do ? if you do manage to persuade them to go , they probably won't enjoy it anyways . i also have an infp friend ... technically , i'm not an infp , but i vote for smooth jazz nyan cat . i just peaked at the thread again and pretended to be surprised with myself that it was still going . i realized that i was only pretending to be surprised and that i wasn't actually surprised ; it ... i'm curious about people who make potentially interesting threads that turn out to be thinly veiled venting sessions about a specific mbti type . there's an entire venting section on this forum ; why ... people intentionally giving you less money for something than what you sold it for ; you telling them they gave you less ; them pretending to be surprised when giving you more ; me not insulting them ... it happens most often for me when i'm writing a paper and an idea pops into my head that explains everything . it's like a small spark setting off a flaming , speeding train of consciousness . my ... i don't believe there is an objectively worst troll . each person will have a specific type that they're less equipped to handle as a troll . sounds like a former friend of mine . he tried doing everything i did , followed me around relentlessly , and told me my own opinions he mimicked as if they were his . the worst part is these shadow ... congratulations ! mindbomb try telling an esfj that saying hi is meaningless since making eye contact with someone and walking towards them is already a sign of acknowledgement . depending on whether you get sucked ... i share the same opinion of other people who have said they feel shocked , awe-struck , excited , nervous , or all those things combined when dealing with someone who is clearly more intelligent or ... congratulations ! my inner j is telling me to tell you to photoshop your bookman and make him neon orange like your name . congratulations . now the robot stereotypes are even more applicable . : wink : well , if we needed any more confirmation , this is it . i actually laughed when i read the quote . congratulations ! * throws confetti at eylrid * probably , but only because i keep forgetting the double standards of the forum . you realize that the more you make comments like this , the more people aren't going to want to post ? :d ry : i think it's great that we have a thread for people to share things they wouldn't ... i really wish i was asexual ( + aromantic ) . sure , there may be a lot of discrimination against asexuals because most people can't comprehend them , but to never worry about romantic relationships ... why is it that entps know how to push our buttons so easily ? : mellow : one that i know is , like transkar said , amazingly good at making me feel at ease . i don't particularly like either but i prefer individual sports if i had to choose . team sports always confused me . why do i win if i just stand here doing nothing while my teammates score all the ... i tried one of those once . i had to stop reading because i kept thinking the male lead was a robot . it was literally frightening what the author thought her ideal male character should be . an ... oh yeah , well ... my logic is bigger than your logic so ha ! as several people have already stated , i also tend to write in a rushed , stream of consciousness style to get everything i'm thinking of down on print before i forget it as my mind will continue with ... - - - different topic - - - * shakes head * i don't get it , i don't get it . please tell me he's joking . please tell me there isn't anyone in the world that dense . this never made any sense to me either . there's one person in particular i'm thinking of who constantly complains about a friend of his . the next time i talk with him , i'm informed that he still gets ... but that was a picture of me . : unsure : oh yes we can . ^ this . cognitive functions are a means to our individual ends . the last time i actually cried was a year ago . it was triggered by very bad things . i don't know if i've ever cried while watching a movie or tv show but i do get teary-eyed . that might be better than talking in person , as an enfj has informed me that my body language is not only hard to read but also frequently says the opposite of what i intend . at least here , you ... from what i've seen , the entps and intjs on this forum are very much around the same age . we might just come off as older because of reasons described here : ... or just the entire website . * throws smoke bombs as the intjs disappear * i've always thought that the entps i know have an amazing sense of humor . after reading this thread , i just realized that i laugh at their jokes much more than most of the other people around . now i ... but getting back on topic ... i've liked and respected every entj i've met so far . they are so much more interesting than the majority of people , and we tend to have an easy enough time relating to ... yes , i know . i was just disappointed that i couldn't fit the thread title into a sentence . so you agree that ( the grammar error is making me cringe but i'm somehow enjoying it ) ha . that must be why i get so many more thanks in the intj forum than anywhere else . * stares * ... * notices ten minutes have gone by and is now drooling * i also despise lying in close relationships . what is a close relationship if not something that allows two people to be completely honest with each other without fear of negative repercussions ? if ... i've found that to be true myself . although i don't believe i've ever been in love , when i feel an attraction towards someone i sometimes say completely ridiculous and silly things to get their ... but why ? are you just afraid to talk about your feelings ? when will you tell me you love me in the most public , dramatic way possible so everyone will know ? why don't you love me ? ! ? ! i was also sent a notification yesterday for mentioning someone . the notification also came ~ 2hrs after i mentioned that person . definitely yes . even as a child , i hated answering questions like which hero do you want to be like ? or who's your favorite role model ? i am my own role model . why would i want to be like anyone ... when i verbalize a train of consciousness out loud that sounded perfectly clear and sensible in my head , only to have people stare at me in confusion as if i'd just spoken another language . all you have to do is clap thrice , and the books will magically descend into your hands . * gets glaze-eyed and starts fantasizing about the magical library world * * patiently awaits thewaffle's results * it happens completely randomly for me . '