' , with a philosophy degree , you have a lot of valuable knowledge and skills ( analytical , critical , argumentative , writing skills , etc . ) and you should definitely make them stand out in ... i saw jean-benoît dunckel ( one of the talented musicians from the duo air ) on the metro today . i internally fangirled so hard and stared at him for so long that i missed my stop . he was radiating ... i second this . i'm in a similar situation , although i do think i have some sort of valuable experience ( but apparently 9 months serving as a loyal intern are not worth much , nowadays ) . i'm in a ... hehe , i think i got to the point where i need to stop eating them for other reasons ... i don't think you're supposed to eat a whole batch of cookies by yourself , in less than 36 hours . death and the penguin by andrey kurkov . i need to stop eating cookies and do something with my life . it's tough to pick a favourite but the ones i drink the most are : earl grey , lady grey , moroccan mint , jasmine , darjeeling , almond ( the mariage frères one is delicious and very affordable ) and chai ... hi ! you're not alone in thinking that . :) i have done some freelance copy-editing and proofreading , and have also interned at two publishing houses as an editorial assistant . it's not my full-time ... hola , will ! i hope you enjoy this place and get to learn more about yourself ! : kitteh : kindofblue 06 do i have to post it here ? can i be badass and break the rules and send you a pm instead ? sniff , sniff . hello , stranger ! * performs welcome dance * i hope you enjoy your time here ! : 3 i walked straight into a pole last night . i wasn't drunk at all ... just ... distracted . your thread caught my attention because my isfj sister majored in communication , and she's now working in that field . it's not impossible , even if it might be harder for an introvert than for an ... in most non-english speaking countries , you have to get used to subtitles . the majority of the people i hear complain about subtitles are native english speakers , unsurprisingly . i always prefer ... i'm currently reading life is elsewhere by milan kundera . oh , but it's really cute in that perspective ! i have so far never managed to turn the awkwardness into something positive , unfortunately . maybe one day . ( let's make that a lifetime achievement goal . ) ... haha , i feel the embarrassment ! similar things happen to me quite often ( oh the joys of living in a place where cheek kissing is a form of greeting ... one of the reasons why i usually just wave at ... i used to randomly send letters to my ex-boyfriend . i liked surprising him . it usually happened at night when i was missing him and felt the sudden urge to write something ... anything from a short ... mum : esfp dad : intp sister : isfj half-sister : infp ( she seems like an ambivert to me ) half-brother : entp half-brother : entj my two brothers grew up with their dad ( who i believe must be some ... i just got back from a free music festival by the city hall . i saw villagers , palma violets and miles kane . i didn't want to go at first ( it was a last minute thing , really ) but i really enjoyed ... i do that all the time , and it wouldn't surprise me if it was related to cognitive functions . or perhaps self-consciousness . or maybe both . in my case it's very often triggered by self-consciousness , ... that , and also thick layers of sedimentary rocks . aka hiss at cheerful-patriotic-drunk people and go hide in my cave . or skip step 1 and go straight to step 2 : hide in my cave . ( with cheese , naturally . ) : 3 mmmh , i'm so sorry :( i don't actually know what to say but i couldn't just ignore your post . i know how you feel . :( so that's my tritype . hmm . hmmm . this is really sad . to me the main problem comes from the astronomic sums of money put into tuition fees and the abnormally high price of healthcare in the united states . when is this going to ... mruu , thank you ! : 3 ( and i love your username and your avatar , by the way . ) i'm wearing a tight black & white striped dress and black tights . i've been home for more than 5 hours now , i can't figure out why i'm still not in my pyjamas . * proceeds to get into pyjamas * ( my ... this sums up exactly how i function once i fall in love with someone . i couldn't have said it better . and yes , it does seem weird and crazy to some people ... oh well . i'm also extremely picky with ... i have many favourite poems , and all are very different , both in style and tonality . but the first one that came to my mind is the road not taken by robert frost : two roads diverged in a yellow ... i've just realised i know quite a few infps in real life . D: all of them have been tested as infps except one girl ( who isn't familiar with the mbti ) , but i'm 99 % sure she's an infp . i've developed ... daydreamer 6 i had never heard of that guy before but wow , he's hilarious ! i completely agree with everything he says . but i guess what i meant is linked with the unity and the sense of belonging that ... well , the things i dislike have to do with the attitude in general . i don't think france as a country is very unified . people criticise and complain a lot but don't actually try to ... daydreamer 6 mmh , i agree . the culture emphasis is definitely a positive element but there are so many other things i dislike in this country ... but i guess each culture has its good sides and its bad ... but ... but ... :'( i'm just joking , i'm not actually offended ! i know a lot of people think so too and i have to agree to the arrogant stereotype to some extent . but everyone is different and ... uhm ... why are you doing this for ? what's the point ? i really get annoyed when people question the worth of some of my actions , choices or hobbies . it's not just me , because i get annoyed when ... post-metal , anyone ? my voice sounds different depending on the language i'm speaking . my french voice is slightly deeper than my english voice . i do this thing when i'm trying to sleep that helps me relax , a bit like ... i had more than a month to write a 30 - page paper that is due on tuesday . so far it's 5 pages long and i already want to nap . it's 9 pm . damnit when will i learn i need a cup of motivational tea . i keep having dreams about my studies and what i'm supposed to do with my life . well , not exactly dreams , they're all nightmares . it was bad enough having to constantly struggle with those thoughts ... i love this thread ! it's also making me realise how urgently i need to get cats back in my life . ( notice the plural form . ) i'm so glad to be part of this cat lady / cat people community . so proud of ... when you're daydreaming on a train , then suddenly realise you're about to miss your stop , quickly rush through the doors and once you're on the platform , realise it's not your stop yet , and rush back ... oh , where will you be studying in paris ? :) i think it's normal to be scared , so don't worry about that . i studied in the uk last year and i was ridiculously scared before leaving . i was worried ... itx 92s funny , because i canx 92t tell if i come across as more childlike or more mature to other people . i frequently get told ix92m childlike and mature , sometimes even by the same people . i donx 92t often ... infpron weasley or luna lovegood , i can't decide ! this whole israeli-palestinian conflict is making me lose my faith in humanity . or at least what's left of it . hey , nice thread ! this is a band i discovered fairly recently . they only have two albums out but they're really good , you should check them out if atmospheric black metal is your cup of tea . ... '