' still on the witcher series . i just started time of contempt . you could eat naked . :P 8/ 10 i'm usually lazy . a night in with pizza . x-files or twin peaks ? warm fire inside you are drawn a bubble bath or you are cooked a nice dinner the last wish - andrzej sapkowski death always comes in threes , the unwitting lady said to me , a week after i had to put my dog down . my best friend . so i've been terrified , waiting for the third shoe to drop . was it the bank ... i don't know if i can be strong through this . bacon neverwhere by neil gaiman the women in the castle - jessica shattuck ... set in berlin right after the culmination of wwii . good so far . the bear and the nightingale - katherine arden ... the best way i can describe it is ... helpless despite anti-anxiety meds and antidepressants , my mother's negativity somehow busts through it all . she is a piece of work . you are not my responsibility . learn how to take care of yourself . i wish i was talented enough to make my own music . i was in a grocery store in a random city , passing through . there was a tall man walking by , humming a tune . i recognized it and hummed a harmony line . he looked at me , and i smiled at him , and we ... well , at least it's better than being a side bitch . wait a minute ... aw , i wanted a prize . :( i'm worried i won't be able to sleep without these pills . grateful for sleeping in how are more people not falling apart there is only one place close to my full-time job where you can get a coffee . monday mornings are the best because they know me and know what i like , and the barista who makes it monday mornings is ... unmotivated i was in my backyard , and there was a deer cut in half , and i came upon the head with the eyes staring right at me . i was instantly freaked out and wondered where the other half was . i found it on ... 1 . i'm really tired of canned personalities . 2 . whenever i get down about being single , i just remember that i live in mega-church city and most single guys i meet are all the same . hence , canned ... 677274 5 different prescriptions today . deep breaths . this may help . i can't be the only daughter thanking the sweet power that be that mother's day is over and nothing blew up . high af i'd rather do many other things than watch a transformers movie , so ... grease . one soulmate for everyone or many soulmates for one a quiet disposition . xanax helps me sleep . i still haven't heard back from the grad school overseas i'm interested in . i'm starting to get anxious . grateful for options at rare points it's like , just someone , please . i'm so sorry for your loss . hugs . the white russian by vanora bennet ( probably didn't spell that name right ) to own a dragon by donald miller i've decided what tattoo i want to honor my grandmother , as a huge influence in my life , and it really is perfect . right after she passed away , i was going through some old pictures from the 90s , ... today was my last chemistry exam ever :p enguin : i may have the most important paper of my college career ( so far ) due tuesday , but tonight i celebrate . in august i will be the first person in ... kind & considerate - - it's pretty broad . someone who is genuinely kind and considerate to others thinks about other people around them before they act . they think about the ripples of their actions ... this question made me realize just how long it has been since i've thought about this . i should work on that , haha . without thinking too much in depth about it , my initial response would be : ... just don't even bother . i have realized that my mother's terrible gifting tendency is actually more indicative of her narcissism and not reflective of my neediness or selfishness . for a long time ... i wish i had a different mother . i'm in chapter 6 right now . it is fascinating , especially having lived in alabama my whole life . i highly recommend this podcast , but i also want to disclaim that not all of alabama is like this ... i did dance for 10 years . i used to be really flexible despite never being skinny . last wednesday i did some yoga stretches , and it was nice . this morning i tried to stretch ( having some lower back ... in all seriousness , i don't date anymore , but when i did , i met people online and at work or through other friends . fast forward to my current [ lack of ] romantic endeavors , i'm like you in that i'm ... you are literally the most incompetent , uncommunicative , unprofessional professor i have ever met in my 8 years of school so far . and you are teaching the one class absolutely essential to getting my ... would give lots of treats and cuddles . on a side note , is there not a thread just for infp pets ? that's really all the adorableness i want to see . eager east a shallow date or a boring date ? what is this yesterday i received in the mail the save the date for one of my longest known friend's wedding in october that will be taking place several states away . i can't afford to go , but i know she won't ... when i watch kids cooking competitions ( which i love ) and they talk about what they're going to do with their potential winnings , it's usually something dumb . i always want to yell at the tv , no ! ! ! ... '