' joan of arc and antoine de lasalle were enfps . i suspect richard lionheart was one too . i've mostly studied french history , so i don't know much about non-french historical figures ' types . ... you guys are so cute . * looks at no_d 3n1al . * intj , heh ? you ain't getting any hug from me , man . ... ... ... arguing against seven persons to defend an idea you don't even approve of . singing god save the queen in a bar when you're french-canadian , and somehow making people sing with you . ... what's up , ozzy ? if you wanna talk , i'm there . the same rule applies for every single human being on earth . there's enough clopin-esque social attention for everyone ! movies : historical dramas . music : metal . books : philosophical treatises . tv shows : fantasy epics . thank you for your suggestions and thanks for your reply . i took notes from it and i will reflect upon your arguments and your counter-arguments . i will do my best to , when the circumstances will be ... before i continue this conversation , i must say that this exchange of ideas is rather interesting , that i like how you think , how you remain respectful and how you're mature enough to accept some ... i like your will to remain stoic and at peace with yourself , however , and respectfully , i don't believe you wouldn't be at least a bit emotionally moved if someone told you with a veil of certainty , ... i get your point entirely , however i must add that it's pretty hard to resist the scientific aura of the iq tests and its implications . you may be a wise man full of self-made confidence , but if a ... if you are deemed as smart , you may not become more intelligent , but you may very well have the self-confidence and the drive to exploit your intelligence in a more efficient fashion . taking that ... i don't believe iq tests are valid , for they measure a tiny part of what human intelligence has to offer . furthermore , not being able to recognize some visual-spatial patterns does not mean you ... sure . why not ? i did want to explode after hearing friday by rebecca black . a muslim tried to convert me recently . we talked about metaphysics for a while . he gave me his facebook and i added him . good times were had . i don't browse the internet much , but if you need a site that will help you being productive , i strongly suggest you this one : habitrpg.com bipolar folks react extremely to an extreme world . they're perfectly in tune with the society of men and with the passions of the universe . i recently bought ( or legally obtained via project gutenberg or wikisource ) ten pieces of reading material . de oratore . - marcus tullius cicero . enjoy your symptom ! - slavoj zizek . fifteen ... iron maiden and sabaton have an equal place in my heart . i find this party's lack of metal ... disturbing .  define being superficial . this thread makes me wonder if i'm the only guy here who has the privilege of being very sexually active . @ moss i get you , but i still think this problem is a non-issue , at least on this forum . nobody here is going to defend the other side of the debate . please give me three examples of people outright saying that we should bully the bullied and let criminals run free . am i the only one who believes that this is an absolute non-issue ? no , we shouldn't let criminals get away with their crimes and no we shouldn't blame victims for what happened to them . who in their ... people generally think i'm an asshole ( and therefore a villain ) , and it might have to do with the fact that i'm a rude , authoritarian , inconsiderate person . meh , i guess sometimes we do deserve ... strategic fantasy books . 149778 sup ! free montréal-style poutine for everybody ! 1 ) why not ? even though i'm an introvert , i kinda like breaking my isolation once in a while . 2 ) same personality type , same way of dealing with things , therefore lots of topics we'd agree on should ... stubborn survivor . i love birds , especially big birds like parrots . one day i'll adopt an ara macao . that i either watched disney's notre-dame de paris or read the book by victor hugo ( i'm guilty of both ) . i thought this thread would be interesting , and i was right ! you guys are awesome . keep the metaphor machine running ! imagination is the strong point of the infps and introversion gives us a lot of think to reflect upon the person that we are . our ability to create is second to none . our rich inventiveness permits ... as pretentious as it sounds , i wouldn't change anything about myself . i know my flaws and how to control and hide them . modifying a trait of mine implies that i would be faced with a new set of ... we're 2 kool 4 school . i can vouch for that . 37 % combativeness , 30 % sneakiness , 82 % intellect , 14 % spirituality brilliant ! you are a wizard ! wizards are spells-casters who study powerful arcane magic . while wizards tend to be pretty ... i'm either determined to the core and extremely productive or completely demoralized and unproductive . i either excel at something or i utterly suck at it . i'm either a loner ( though most of the ... ww1 was inevitable , though . if not the assassination of franz ferdinand , something else would have had provoked it , perhaps in even bigger proportions , and it would have been followed by even more ... youngest of four . all my childhood i've felt like a dwarf in a kingdom of giants . i'd change the part of history in which i don't hang out with democritus , aristotle , cicero , augustine , thomas aquinas , descartes , david hume , rousseau , kant , hegel , marx , nietzsche , sartre and ... i'm pretty curious about what kind of jobs the infps of this forum occupy . i'm also skeptical about their typical occupations . a lot of stereotypes concerning us are floating around , so it becomes ... i like this thread : i find it necessary and useful . it's necessary because it sheds light on our personality type sexual habits , and useful because it permits us to know each others on a intimate ... all my friends are either intps or intjs . i like their abilities to remain calm , analytical and logical in all circumstances . they're nice contrasts to the walking emotional clusterfuck that i am . i usually dress like a gothic metalhead . i have long , brown hair that i straighten everyday ; i wear spike bracelets , pitch black shirts and jeans , combat boots and the likes . whateverlolawants well , i did refuse four relationship offers before , one of them being with a singer from an underground , relatively popular band in montreal . i also refused sex propositions on ... i retreat to my inner world every time i feel tired , in need of inspiration or mentally injured . whateverlolawants i agree with your last assertion : nice guys are insufferable , weak , back-stabbing idiots . make your damn move or shut up , jesus . she won't consider you any better if you ... '