' ocarina of time ! ! ! oh , be still my heart . i want the nintendo 64 zelda games re-released for wii . or game cube . just something that still works consistently and has decent graphics ! i miss them ... absolutely . this happened to me . my dad sounds remarkably like blissfuldreams's father . and , like her , i would say that i am not attracted to jerks . but i recently got pretty much played by an ... hahaha ! yes ! that would be one ridiculously talented child ! amen to that ! i think some of the best musicians have always been the more introverted , mysterious ones . they're the ones who have the most interesting perspectives because they're always thinking ... definitely ! i'm pretty sure pink floyd has been playing steadily throughout my life since i was conceived :) this is like 9 kinds of awesome ! haha . thanks for sharing ! woah ... i am so ridiculously proud of my fellow infp's right now . you guys are all so talented ! shine on , you crazy diamonds ! my thoughts exactly . i come to these forums because i want to be free to be my true self and speak honestly about my struggles since that doesn't come easy in the outside world . kinda thought this ... yeah ... i really don't care what people in other forums think about this post . i'm pretty sure this post was intended to be a way for infp people who actually do share this quirk to talk to each ... this is sooo weird ! i was just trying to do research on this the other day because this is so me ! it's actually been worrying me lately . when i was little i slept with all of my stuffed ... i always think of it like this : it's not really enough for me to know something , like a fact about someone or something . i need to also understand what it means or , i guess , how it fits in with all ... i wish i knew at least one other infp ! this is something i've wondered about because my relationships with my friends tend to get so complicated because i never quite feel secure in the the ... thanks , everyone . reading through the responses , i can definitely see that this whole thing has just been my paranoia getting the best of me . thanks for responding to what probably seemed like a ... how do good men become part of the regime ? they don't believe in resistance thanks ! leave it to an infp to make references to alice in wonderland at the drop of a hat , huh ? haha . i totally relate to the feeling of being controlled by the other person in a relationship when i start to get too close . and i've started to realize that it's very hard for me to recognize the ... i have a hard time ( for the most part ) staying interested in tv shows . but for some reason supernatural has me completely hooked . i've never regularly watched a tv show while it was on air before ... i think flying makes a lot of sense . our heads are in the clouds all the time anyway , the rest of us may as well follow suit ;) i had to go with star wars mostly out of my completely ignorance of the other two , but i do love me some star wars , so i'm thinking even with knowledge of the other two my answer would probably still ... that totally sounds like me . especially the part about reliving past regrets . that can seriously get me down if i'm not careful . i think a lot of infp's are perfectionists . and you're probably ... since the last few people have also quoted this , i think it's safe to say that you came up with part of the infp manifesto ;) i'm insecure in pretty much every friendship i have because i let simple ... the title might be a little vague , and i know all people do this , but i have a specific situation i need advice about . i have a friend who i'm pretty sure is an enfp and i have the suspicion that he ... i have heard , and really want to believe , that ralph waldo emerson was an infp . it makes sense because his essay on friendship has so many ideas in it that i've been trying to express my entire ... i love infj's ! bestest friends to the infp . gigantic cuddles to you all ! and to my fellow infp's of course ! oh absolutely ! that intro gives me chills ! now that i think of it , it might be a tie for favorite between those two . : laughing : i always think the best thing in the world would be to play coming ... so cheer up my brothers , live in the sunshine we'll understand this all , by and by hey , thanks ! it's gotta be my favorite pink floyd song , probably because the whole thing is such an infp way of thinking ;) my entire family is like that . my dad called our dog ebony e-bone and then she became bone doggen . my mom calls our other dog , pretzels either lupin or lukiss . we give each other ... i twirl my hair on my index finger until it's in a tight little knot and then smooth it back out . only on the left side . i've done this since i was 2 or 3 according to my mom . no idea why . it's ... dean winchester from supernatural . there's probably more if i really try to think back and remember all the characters i've really been drawn to , but he's the one that automatically came to mind . everyone who said almost famous : what makes you love it or what is a line you think strikes a chord with you ? every time i hear the line they don't even know what it is to be a fan . y'know ? to ... [ quote = theodore ; 1482092 ] i wouldn't even say it's a favorite but castaway affected me very deeply on an infp level . oh me too . it always makes me feel stupid but the part where wilson starts ... oh , danny phantom ! my sister was more into it than i was , but i watched it if it was on . i agree about the smallville pairings . i mostly think lana's kind of useless . she was always pretty one ... okay , this is going to sound absolutely nuts and i doubt i'll be able to explain it in a way that will make anyone really get it , but the people i idealize / idolize the most are the brothers in the ... [ quote = leafstone ; 2617802 ] injustice really pisses me off , especially social injustices . arrogant , close-minded people . pseudo-intellectuals . ugh i feel so angry just thinking about all this . [ / quote ... yep , this is probably the number 1 thing that makes me mad , too ! especially if they're talking about a subject that i'm personally really passionate ( and knowledgeable ) about , like music . oh , definitely count me in ! the main thing is , you can't expect to find good music the same way you did 15 years ago . you have to be willing to seek it out because it's not going to find you . the radio and television are just ... woah , you kinda blew my mind ! i love hanson , but i rarely hear guys say anything positive about them . totally agree with all of the above , by the way ! sushi ! i love you for this ! ! ! are you a fellow-hanson fan ? love them so friggin ' much ! here's mine . been listening to this for days on end . greg laswell take a bow and try and stay out of your head i have seen you invent the damndest things there ... i would put money on it , actually . you should listen to the song run too . another great one by snow patrol . this part really speaks to the infp in me : slower , slower we don't have time ... i have a feeling i'm gonna flip out about every song on this list ( lol ) but i looovveee this one ! those three words , are said too much , they're not enough ( ahhh ! i love it ! ) favorite song of all time ! ! ! i love tom petty so so much . this one and american girl always sounds to me like they could be written about an infp girl too . or someone very much like me anyway . it's funny that you say that , because that way of thinking is one of the things i get up on my infp high horse about . i'm the one getting mad that other people stop liking music when it gets popular . i am all about legend of zelda , and in fact , don't really play much of anything else . i should add , though , that it's really more ocarina of time and majora's mask that i enjoy . windwaker and the ... first thing that popped into my mind . i actually thought it was a picture of her before i clicked on the thumbnail and saw it closer . 39982 i already have a picture in my profile , so here's a different look . glasses and straightened hair , which only happens once in a blue moon ( i've learned to live with my curls ;) ) i tend to agree with all of this . one of my best friends was an intp and i remember when i first met him i had this automatic gut reaction of keep him away from me ! because i think i could sense ... oh hooray ! another supernatural fan ! i love me some winchesters ;) i'm actually watching smallville right now , borrowing the dvds from a friend . i think it's a bad time for me to be watching it ... '