' oh wow i can imagine that experience certainly set you off from being particularly happy about any biting going near you at all . lol maybe we should outsource it well i happen to be close friends with two enfps and they could not be more different people . what is mainly important when it comes to sensitivity as you said is that since an enfp is a fi user if ... lol sounds perfect , i think we need to start planning long term though , after having gotten this infj thread off the ground , are there any other types we could get data from , and how ? lol i think it would be fine as long as they don't find out this was a plot hatched by the entp overlords i do get how you feel to some extent , whenever i was lonely in the past i would hop right on here to the infj forum and bask in the glory of mutual understanding because i find when i normally am ... i actually have a couple from fairly recently . my favorite epic fails that normally happen are when i am not paying any attention to my surroundings and i walk right into tree branches and get ... i completely agree that just because you aren't extremely public about your good deeds , it doesn't make you any less kind , lets face it pretty much just means the difference between you and these ... i am fairly new to the world of role playing games , the d + d style , and i am still at the point where i have only made two characters and i find myself making the character more like myself then ... for those who are curious the infj biting thread has gotten a lot more responses than i expected like at all lol . do the ears at least taste good ? i am suddenly very curious to nibbling on cat ears . haha he and i actually had a fling once , but we both decided we didn't want to take it any further than that , the biting isn't as frequent but the pouncing is lol . i am seeing a bit of a trend against biting and / or being bitten here lol , granted very small sample size , but hey i also fall into the camp of not seeing the biting appeal . haha yeah that ... haha yeah ... i did a double take on a couple of them myself and i am an infj . haha oh believe me it literally he happens , although granted i am fairly certain he does just so he can predictably watch me get uncomfortable and try and escape . and hmm interesting i hadn't ... lol i really should have come strolling into this part of the forum a long time ago its very entertaining here . plus you would think my thread will gain some traction with infjs considering the ... lol i don't know for sure the only person who hasn't responded so far gave me an answer , but questioned what biting had to do with being an infj , i crafted a thinly veiled cover story but it may not ... i probably should have elaborated a bit more in the op , i have a close friend who makes it a habit of pouncing and the biting lightly sometimes , my response is to usually try and escape . was ... oh whoops jumped the gun before i saw your response , meh we will see what happens anyway lol all right the deed is done i tried to be a bit subtle about it , we shall see if any of my brethren dare to respond , if we get no replies that might be an answer to the question as well lol . here ... for the sake of science and totally not my own crazy and weird curiosity i have to ask , do any infjs like or dislike biting ? take that question in whatever way you will ; my brain is in a weird place ... it may have possibly been slightly sarcastic , and yes i did give an answer earlier in the thread although it was on the behalf of an entp friend of mine who is not a denizen of this forum . and ... well speaking for my fellow infxs i have to say we simply can't help being the sexually starved perverts hiding out in the sex and relationships forum . we don't have enough entps visiting to tell us ... yeah its an interesting contradiction realizing that you want spend time with people and be social , but on the other hand a lot of people just suck in general . the key is finding the few who you ... the best relationship i ever had was with an intj , most emotionally intense experience of my life and really goes to show that when two ni-doms meet great things can happen , we hit it off instantly ... yeah i do agree with you that just to get your own peace of mind sorting it out one way or another is very important . i myself in the past have been cheated on by an ex of mine , my first love in ... hey there not an enfp but thought i might be able to weigh in here . i agree completely with what was said above that if to this day you still feel like he has this attitude of brushing off your ... well let me first start off by saying welcome to our little infj corner of the world , i am sure you will wind up loving it here . when i initially came into this forum it was because i was feeling ... i'm not sure infjs are built to be biters anyway lol that was a very accurate assessment of what occurs . of course if i play back then he runs , less fun unless he does the pouncing i guess well i can weigh in for a very close entp friend of mine who is a huge fan of pouncing on me and then some light biting if i don't manage to escape fast enough . well as someone who dated an intj for a year i can say that communication truly is the key for this pairing to work , because while infjs and intjs have so much in common we function so very ... i personally don't have any desire to play the game , i enjoy being outside already and taking in nature without being glued to a screen . that being said i don't believe the game was really marketed ... i often find that in video games i tend to stick within behavior that is within my moral or ethical code in real life , and i find it very difficult to get myself into a mindset where i can be all ... if i recall correctly i once read something about how many infjs would actually describe themselves as being old souls with the heart of a child . i know i certainly feel this way and love that my ... i swear this song gets me choked up every time i listen to it , mostly because it strikes a really deep chord within me ... i first created this username back in the days when the online social game of club penguin was still a huge thing . at the time one of my favorite animals were frogs and so i added it as part of the ... what you have to remember is that as far as mbti theory goes each typing is merely generalizations . each and every infj is going to be very different in a lot of ways from one another , plus enneagram ... a common misconception is the idea that the infj doorslam means we instantly push the person out of our hearts and minds the moment we close it on them . this is simply not true , infjs go through the ... all right i wasn't sure if you had entirely pursued and tried out the second option when i gave my response to you , if you have in fact tried to establish a common ground and approach them on a ... having read through all the responses in this thread i couldn't exactly figure out where i wanted to post quote so i think i will just try to blanket address everything that i want to in this psot . ... in the end mbti personality types are simply generalizations , and the same with enneagram . to me they are very useful in understanding the behavior of those close to me in my life and being able to ... like you i have spent several years , and many relationships , tackling this question , trying to figure out what i wanted in a significant other . at first when i was just starting dating i had this ... i happen to actually really like the feeling of being in a medium or small sized city , they aren't too sprawling or massive so that you feel absolutely lost in a see of faces . they are certainly more ... i luckily had a realization about this while i was still in college and was able to adjust my path in life to better fit what i wanted . for a long time i was thinking about going into corporate law ... initially there can be a sort of panic , as i take the new evidence presented to me that essentially causes me to question something i once believed , followed by a period of intense and rapid thinking ... this is sooo true , at least in my experience as well . also , i like how the responses on here range widely from immediate deep and philosophic connection that transcends the ... well even if we have the materials at this point human nature itself prevents us from creating paradise , mostly because everyone would have a very different idea of what paradise should be and it is ... a long time ago , basically up until my second year of college i was a very reserved and just overall what i would call boring individual . i did not stay awake at night thinking about the mysteries ... i completely agree with you that the system of money we use is absolutely absurd and ridiculous , and i personally prefer the old system used by the samurai in feudal japan where samurai were given ... '