' bringing back an old thread . never gotten like a professional massage so don't know . haircuts is a mixed bag , not that big a deal , i've had pretty good conversations with the barber , such as ... why are there not more responses to this topic ? i love the simpsons , and have seen enough of marge over the years , didn't know or think there that she's an isfj . my favorite part is the noise ... infj seem like you're a know-it-all welcome ! don't have to , just gotta change the settings to a left handed mouse . that being said , i a lefty , am too lazy to change the settings . : tongue : man , the quiz doesn't work anymore , then again this thread is 5 years old : tongue : no , i have not doo-slammed anyone : happy : but yeah i have , but it's not often , most friendships / relationships kind of trickle away naturally . but like your example there was one ( former ) ... well , after being for certain i'm an istj , i took a quiz today that was fairly detailed and got isfj . while i'm not going to abandon istj i certainly will explore isfj some . i do prefer the ... istj : i deal with people at my job everyday . music is my hobby and i hate numbers ( accounting is supposed to be a natural fit ) . broke the rules a lot when i was younger . i keep up with some ... love sacrifice i hate waking up from a glorious nap and then ( inhale , big mistake ) hop on social media and then you remind yourself why you should go back to your nap everything from personal dramas , to politics , ... quick survey , because i'm curious if there's a relationship between mbti type and reading style / habits . 1 . istj 2 . when i'm interested in something i can read fast , but usually i'm absorbing the ... it could be anything from an art / music project to a fitness routine , or grabbing some grub with friends , again , these are just examples get in touch with your feeling side and don't worry so much ... as an istj , for me at least , i find myself doing a lot of things i should be doing . and i'm sure it's not just for our type either . i am learning to value doing things i want to do , having fun , ... book : 7 habits of highly effective people movie : pursuit of happyness ( haven't read the book ) yay ! congrats ! well , to add to my previous point , for some technical stuff i can learn by myself with a guide and trial and error , maybe asking questions from a more experienced person , but for things like life ... by myself either with a book or a computer . hmm , thanks for all the responses . yeah me too , i also got one a couple years back from a family member who is a tech whiz . didn't really have internet and apps with it cause i still had a basic plan ... been a while since i really posted , just wondering . susan cain the author whom if you are an introvert i'm sure you've heard of says that gadgets are great for introverts . i can see how that ... im the exact opposite , the joke for me is that i remember every single lyric . i'm a hip hop head and left handed , if any of that makes any difference . impressive ! congrats ! hmmm , not sure if he's introvert or extrovert . what about since he called everyone out on the big sean track ? does his calling everyone out make him an extrovert ? or does his concentration ... you read an hr written job description and you're like no way , i cannot fulfill the requirements entailed in this such document . part 2 : you also hate hr and hr lingo . at least i do . did you think about other majors ? well i don't know if it's as much as impulsive as it is about respecting other people's personal property . there's just so much to do on here , i don't even play games or use fb chat or own a website and i'll still on here 24/7 at this very moment i'm waiting for the month to end . can't wait to flip the calendar , 4th of july , plus some big birthdays coming up . june is feeling like a like a lame duck month . reading dough no , that makes you a hipster . : tongue : bath well that's simple . the inside of my body smells like the inside of mcdonald's . science science will get you farther than social science . no offense to any social science majors out there , myself included . since hard science is outside my realm i can only offer very basic ... homer simpson , i actually went without an avatar for maybe 6 months , then i changed / added homer and since then all my avatars have been of homer ( not the poet ) . if you desire more notifications , then you've got to do what you are hoping to receive , so you've got to message others , add , tag others , make comments , like their photos , write on others walls ... the thing about facebook is that you gotta constantly update in order to get notifications , and even that doesn't always work . there are no limits . there are plateaus , but you must not stay there , you must go beyond them . if it kills you , it kills you . a man must constantly exceed his level . ( for reference , its a quote ... i hated the timeline at first ( i'd been a fb user for about 3 or 4 yrs before they introduced that portion ) but i think its a great way to keep track of your life , thoughts , events , friendships . its ... its almost 6 o clock . doodling , volunteering , and eating . congrats , you basically got across the bridge and became a robot ! the easiest way is to build off existing circles . if you have 3 friends and they have 10 friends each , that multiplies , etc . if you must build from scratch , you can do stuff like join a gym / class , ... congrats hela ! i've played an instrument for 5 years , drawn cartoons , and written rhymes and recordings . that's so cool ! i don't understand any part of the post but that's awesome ! hmm , i'm going to be frank with you . it sounds like either he is not interested romantically in you or completely uncomfortable with girls / relationships / dating in general . if you're comfortable being ... i dig city life , but live outside the city . i would not want to live in the city . and by city life i mean every couple days a week i enjoy being there but i would not want to live and probably not ... its perfectly okay to feel awkward after revealing your feelings to him . i'm no love guru . i do believe that if he wants more than a friendship that he should ( i'm using should as an intent ... '