' some emotions are easy to ignore . they are kind of like bugs buzzing inyour ear and you just swat them away . but every time i am feeling them none-the-less . i just fail to see how they help me witht ... thank-you norina.you hit home to several things i was wondering about . i wish i knew more esfj's in my life . i need guys like you around in my life . and btw , the way you guys pick up on emotion ... thank-you so much :) this helped me immensely . what you've said makes a lot of sense and gives me some hope , lol . i appreciate your time . do you mind me asking your opinion ? how might one such as ... basically , i'm kind of seeing / getting to know this esfj guy . we both know that we like each other , but he is getting over a past five-year relationship and not ready to move on yet , so i'm patiently ... me ! ! ! ize a bible thumper . independent bible-believing baptist . old king james only . i had never even heard of the five love languages actually . looked it up and i'm definitely a quality time person , possibly followed by acts of service . it's actually kind of eye opening . a lot of ... two words . sugar and sleep . and lots of them . especially sleep . wow , super helpful . you are the bomb ! thanks :) lol , totally not awkward and in fact very helpful ;D i'm very self critical so i have a hard time seeing anything about my self as being attractive , though i know others would disagree . what you ... first off , you are the bomb ! thank-you for that reply . :) i can't begin to describe how helpful it is to know what's going through your head during conflicting times and the uhhh ... antics ? ... lol , i do notice that everytime i look at a new post i almost always have to skim over the the first reply to see the serious replies below . it almost always is short , unhelpful , sarcastic , or ... when i found out i was intp , i was ecstatic . i was like i'm not the only one who feels this way ! ! ! ? i studied it like crazy . it's been extremely helpful when trying to understand people who are ... thank-you so much for your post ! very insightful , and very honest :) i have been studying the mbti types for years now and have applied to almost everything i do socially . it's really helpful and ... k so ... i'm a little awkward asking this , not sure how to word what i want to know and i kind of have several questions in one . so i'll start from the beginning . i really like this isfp guy : blushed : ... thank-you ! i have majorly been struggling to understand how fi works . and te for that matter . some functions are hard to explain , and even harder to grasp if they are the ones you struggle in :) your ... good . whimpering is much easier on the ears . ^ ^ thank-you , however , for overcoming the pain in order to read it . you're a saint . and greatly appreciated . ^ ^ lol , so true ^ ^ is the post better now ? my browser isn't upgraded for the spell-check feature to work , but i did add paragraphs ... which i normally do ... but didn't this time for some reason . i guess ... recomend that he read the book entitled quiet : the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking can't remember the author , but it is rather new and highly educational and uplifting for ... the over-amount of credit we get in the math / science department and the lack there-of in the arts / english and even history . it's not what we are better at learning , it's how we are taught and what ... i got the job ! ! ! yay ! in two weeks , i'll be leaving the library and working full time in a mold-making room , where i'll make molds of people's teeth for other people to fit crowns and whatnot to ... lol , maybe it's an intp thing , cause i hate paperwork . it's oddly overwhelming ... even the simple stuff . actually , all the employers i've had have really liked me . o . o their only qualms with me were that i can sometimes be spacey-stacey which usually happens when my stress goes on overload and the ... i don't beleive in religion . religious people killed just as many people throughout history as nonreligious people . people don't want a god because the reality of a god means that now we are ... my faith in god and my bible and my sister when my dark side takes over ... i try to fight back ... but to no avail ... it demands tribute ... it demands ... sugary treats ... : angry : frumpy , hippy soccer mom . though ... i'm only 21 , and ... i'm not a mom ... things i love ... my relationship with god and my bible my home life and my relationship with my family my sister who is my best friend my horse my hobbies my lack of physical disabilities ... i like fox news ... when i actually watch news . most of the time , i'd rather not know what's going on ... it's depressing ... lol ! ! so true ! people have done that to me before to be funny or try to make me jump . it never phases me . i turn casually to see who it is and then look at them politely puzzled like can i help ... i've gotten better over the years , but my room still gets really messy . i usually don't make my bed unless we have company . i usually don't clean my room unless we have company . laundry is my worse ... planet bob i use hair styling / make-up / accessories when i want to actually look nice ... but on average i just look like jane from the jungle . i take my showers at night and let my hair air dry above my pillow . i ... # 1 ) yes . and the bible in its entirety . # 2 ) absolutley not . i've loved all the intj's that i've met ! ^ ^ # 3 ) not amounting to anything ... life is short ... ya ' know ? i'm also afraid that i'll never ... i know , somtimes it'd not about the information they give , because sometimes it comes out sounding flowery and good . alot of times the thing that sets off my ti is just the way that they came to ... i don't need alcohol to get a dui , just some lack of sleep ... i'd be happy with four . then when i go on trips with my hubby , they'll all fit on your living room floor . yay , off to auntie's house we go ! ( eluquise is my sis in rl . ) * practically rolling on floor laughing * ya , that's it all right ! oh ... freakin ... yah ! my internal wait , what ? has a designated external expression in which i go a little blank because i'm thinking . people don't like it too much . i think they take it the wrong ... : blushed : lol , sooo sorry . i never pay attention to these things ... yo . hope you can connect and learn from people who struggle with the same things you do . i know i did ! ^ ^ i'm content with my life so long as i feel free to make my own choices and am actively trying to make a difference around me . i have no drive to be famous , rich or even slightly popular . i just want ... i also want my house to be made out of an old train . i'd have to wlk from car to car to get to different rooms in my house , an the master bedroom would be in the caboose ... wouldn't it be totally cool if helium tanks that you buy at the store floated ? you could like ... tie it to your car and let it whirl around on the way home ... i want a floating helium tank ... who needs ... lol , i just noticed how off topic we were ... i don't know why it's so amusing at the moment ... i think i need to go to bed ... isfj , intj , istp , infp , istj ya , i agree . sometimes it just stinks though , and as an intp , i have a hard time with it . it drains my confidence when i feel like my dad thinks i'm stupid or incapable of understanding , even though ... chillax ... hairy is totally cool ! ^ ^ ya me and my dad really tend to rub each other the wrong way . he's narrow minded even for an infj , and if i question him in the least he starts to lose his temper and thinks me less intelligent for ... i know . sometimes you just know that something is off . and alot of times you really don't know how . and your face turns a little sour while you try to puzzle it out and people think that you are ... i've always been insecure about my skin . i have a immuno-skin disorder called hydradenitis suppurativa . my body overreacts to irritation in certain glands where i sweat and causes them to inflame and ... '