' your right . after pointing it out i see that i mainly came here for the sake of grabbing attention to myself instead of having dialogs with others . so i will be going into hermit mode and try to ... thanks . i'll keep that in mind . if she can actually shred me then she might just be a keeper . , it is like i posted before about people using the word respect . you ... if you don't think respect matters then why should we respect you ? why should we dignify any of your comments with a response ? [ / quote ] can tell me what you think respect means so that i know what ... i agree with the others who have responded that type really doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things , but that was just the first thing that came to mind when you asked which type so i thought ... ... did you even read what i wrote about respect ? guess not anid at this point you're just trolling . carry on my wayward son . [ / quote ] 1 . what do you mean by respect ? 2 . why does it matter ? 3 ... 2/10 -3/10 = almost zero tolerance . with these sub-prime jokes , i might just package them into a security and insure it with aig . i guess it just that when it comes to sandbitches , i enjoy spreading some intjelly on it . greengirl this has to be at least 3 out of 10 . as in it's a nice appetizer joke but not the main meal . hm ... maybe you have a point . but what about a calm infp ? ? hmmm ? i guess it just depends on what i'm doing . what do the rest of you think ? okay , after hearing your suggestions and comments . i'm not going to pursue her and not ask here the pickle and salamander question as that could give her the wrong signal . hm ... then what am ... lol strange pursuit . darn it . well i'm just curious about her raponse ( remix ) . my passion for anything has temporarily been squashed as if a pickle was thrown at a 45 degree angle ( for max distance ) ... somethings are just worth losing , if you catch my drift ;-) i'm not the the nf whisperer or anything , but i'll try . this is just my read on infps , so please remember it could be totally wrong . i don't know infps as well as enfps . but that's part of being ... i'm not the the nf whisperer or anything , but i'll try . this is just my read on infps , so please remember it could be totally wrong . i don't know infps as well as enfps . but that's part of being ... well she didn't show up today . try again later i guess . also i think an intj chick i met online does what you do except it's for her own personal business agenda instead of just for ... okay , i'm going to do it tomorrow so cheer for me . she also likes creative short stories . dangling maybe if i drop my level enough she might mind f € £ $ me like . i'm already a ... okay then ! the enfps that i know were pretty socially inept as children , always wanting to share and be part of things , but also awkward and not good at reading the group and fitting in . kind of ... i like to drink smoothies . what type does that make me and why ? i know that my eye is an i , a sensor since it is one of the five senses , and a perceived since it literally perceives things . so is ... yo , so i defiantly don't think you are an enfj . all the real world enfjs i know are terrible at working out the intricacies of anything in general . to the point of appearing much less intelligent ... you look so lifelike . expressions and everything . edit : oh and i meant you are patient with the whole being helpful thing in this thread ... with sensors i can be kind of dry and logical since the ones i've been with can't understand my humor or even appreciate it . especially if i'm trying to lay down the law . got called a g one time ... there is an exception . for some reason asian women come across as guys in women bodies to me . maybe it's just that they are more aggressive and that asian culture is more relaxed and more big picture ... infp ( sorry for jumping in but this might be interesting for y'all due to unconsouisness ) wow this happened to me about a year ago with my first love . freaking awesome , talented , smart , nice , ... no offense dude but i really can't see you coming across intj . [ / quote ] it happens when i'm around sensors , i'm in a bad mood , or rationalizing my idealism . 1 . i'm pro life because i think the people who are responsible enough and secular enough to have an abortion are actually the type of people we need more of . them having kids would probably ... you guys have inspired me to one day be america's next top entp . it's all booty now ... maybe short term , but isfp are nice and warm but can't really understand the depth of my nonsense or jokes like an xnxx can . isfj they seem pretty fun , maybe i'll try that still though i don't know ... funniest thing i've read all week ! no , we don't have an active video thread . it's likely someone started one once upon a time , but no one would post on it . there are intj videos on youtube , but ... thanks for the advice . is there a thread on here about intj's videos ? maybe if i see enough in action i'll get better at detecting them . what other type do y'all recommend or what other types do ... = = = cauz childhood = = = i have an intj friend from child hood , and it was hanging out with him that i feel like i'm a goal oriented big picture infp instead of one that just sputters out ne ... looking for love . i've been trained by an estp and am slowly becoming bolder . how do i identify them walking by or overhearing them talk and how should i approach them or not approach them ? ... thanks everyone . so i'm going to talk to a new person every day at the library until i find someone or someone who might know someone . i started today talked to some random girl for like 2 hours ... well one thing is i feel very uncomfortable with intimacy . it feels like i'm just going to break down completely if i open up and that no one is really going to want to deal with me in that state ... i've had the worst luck with romance . due to unfortunate events i ended up repressing any potential relationships until 3 years ago . it's like i was a closet straight guy ( i know like wtf ) . ... haven't laughed that much in years . do you have any other videos or thing that funny ? i'll try to get wit the program . i tried getting a number from an int j ; turns out it was undefined b - ) it's a line from scarface [ / quote ] if her face has a scare you are probably being too rough . back on topic as in not her man i got all infatuated for nothing . i talked to this intj chick ... hmm ... infp here . one of my childhood best friends is an intj and i think he use to be christian until a year ot two after i became athiest . before he use to think about did jesus really exist or ... wow , so i was having the same issue . this is going to sound odd but my issue was i was ... a ... too much and the dopamine release made me superunmotivated or at least worse at getting stuff done ... might be true . at least you can try to over rid it by having the fall for you . almost happen to me , but then again i am an infp . if i put you and jeb together into one user , their pictureavatar would show : it's all indeeds [ insert picture of adam schanler swallowing chapstick , water , and his snot at the same time here ] ... let's try to figure out what personality type you would be if you didn't have anxiety anxiety , ptsd , or anything . so we have your real personality type abcd and then a personality type induced by ... first off are you actually an intj ? there seems to be some confusion over j and p ( which there isn't in socionics ) since intj are actually are actually precievers since there first function is not a ... ... opens up xntjvideo.com private tab ... how do you even know a person is an intj and not an infp or intp that thinks they are one ? hm ... that sounds just like my 2nd best friend . the only reason we meet was because we had the same classes in high school . he also woops a lot of people's a $ $ at chess . he's going to move far away ... you guys are dead on right about the abstractions that intuitive types focus on . both n and s need to be balanced . my sister lacks abstraction so she sees everything as completely separate ... still need a systematic way of practicing extroverted thinking and introverted intuition ... like what do you intj mentalize about ? maybe i can draw something out from that . you have a cup who's top is shaped like some slightly parted lips that have chapstick on them . after you blow your nose , you kiss the chapstick and drink water from the cup at the same time . i interpret lala land as a sign of introverted intuition if that clarifies anything . i'm looking for a long term penetratio ... i mean relationship after toning down on some excessive dopamine releasing activity ( censoring because of societal constraints ) ... there is a girl who i ... si comment . interesting , an entj friend of mine said the same sort of general thing . what is the source of at least according to the theory did you get infp go with entj . ... '