' i don't really hate anything about my type . but i do find the tendency of many infps to wallow in self pity and treat self loathing as almost a virtue to be very grating . i think that frequently ... my hair is currently past my shoulder blades , i have typically worn it long for much of my adult life . the color is like an auburn color with some white in it at the temples , i got rid of my beard ... i've owned guns , carried them , even used them on occasion . i've never felt the need for one in civilian life , i'm quite pleased about that . it seems to me that far too many people are far too eager ... famed to frame still to tiles 7/10 radiohead always seems to come through , love that track . this a new offering from an old favorite who surprisingly just dropped a new album . i worked as a waiter and bartender for a time , so i have strong empathy for what they have to deal with . because of that i try to be a nice customer . that being said , if the foods not acceptable i ... here's a new prof . song just for you . i don't know if we're tapped into each others psychic wavelengths or if you just have spectacular timing . haven't been on perc in weeks , was having a terrible day , all miserable and out of sorts and ... secular humanism , that's actually pretty accurate i do not typically carry a weapon of any type for self defense or peace of mind . i do often carry a small lockblade for work but it would be fairly hopeless for fighting , i own a knife that is an ... sorry you had a crappy day man . so glad to work in entertainment where the people are sane ... okay sarcasm aside , i suspect there are more than society or the psych community realizes . it's the ones we can't spot that really ... hmmm , good question . first off though i'll say that i don't think q was ever truly a villain . he certainly went out of his way to appear as one , but i think in their first encounter he was neutral ... finance execs in general if i recall , i've seen several studies regarding that . i had pretty good dating experiences , never really been a player but never wanted to be , not my style . i've had a number of awesome relationships with some really great ladies culminating in a 20 + ... i frequently have fun with my friends , sometimes while simultaneously being serious . like at work we joke around , have great conversations etc while being serious as a heart attack about the job . i ... i'd have to give that some thought but off the cuff i'd say no , at least not as the main character , they've already been written and if i were them i'd no longer be me , so i wouldn't be living my ... yeah i get that way sometimes , i did a lot more when i was younger . i think as with many things theres a time and place for being very serious , but theres nothing at all wrong with lightening up ... i was under the impression that psychopaths have feelings , but enjoy hurting people to the point of it being beyond a fetish , and that it was sociopaths who don't feel . ahhh that's a tough call , off the cuff i think i'd go with sam clemmons / mark twain . i've always admired his writing and his wit , he was a deep thinker who also liked to have a good time . we could ... my son , when asked what superhero / villain i would be for another thread here suggested i would be much like raz alghul from the batman / green arrow etc . dc comics . i think he pretty much nailed it ... i did a show last night , kendrick lamar's tour . what a colossal clustrf * ck ! two crews were in before mine , the first one started 3 hours earlier , and between the two crews totaling about 40 people ... florida the telegraph - telegraph online , daily telegraph , sunday telegraph - telegraph you got : florida ! beaches , sun , and friendly people . you'd fit in well the diverse place of florida ... as you should be . defenestration ... mostly it just amuses me that theres a specific word for throwing people out of windows . one house wouldn't do it for me ideally , some of the things i want directly contradict others . i would ideally have two places , a city home and a country retreat . part 1 / city home : what are you ... i learned to hide my bad attitude , so effectively i have trouble finding it myself sometimes . i don't care what they / y'all call me ... probably not listening anyway . i'm guessing you mean self discipline ... not a fan of outside discipline at all , typically not a problem though . so far as self discipline goes , i used to struggle with it a lot in my youth , not so ... i've been in similar moods at times , what worked for me , and might be worth a try is fairly simple in concept , though sometimes difficult in practice is this . don't overthink it , just get a job if ... my cat is ridiculously social , it doesn't seem to occur to her that people might be anything other than friendly . she'll walk right up to strangers who're visiting and demand pets etc . so sore and tired , just got in from building metallica at sun trust park . i wound up having to work on building flooring over the grass to prevent damage to it , it's actually way less fun than it ... happy independence day to all my fellow americans , here's a few tunes for the festivities . ... snipe i'm a stagehand which encompasses a variety of skilled labor / craft disciplines , mostly structural and electrical assembly , as well as a journeyman scenic carpenter . when i was in the service i ... since you brought it up , i spent years working with us / pirg or public interest research group raising money and lobbying for environmental protection , as well as participating in site cleanups in ... are you even slightly aware of how nuclear weapons and the triad system work ? you can't nuke a country by surprise , you might slip in a couple of tactical warheads at best , any attempt to use ... you said , i would support a surprise nuclear attack on the us except the west coast . you can try to twist that all you want , aside from how mind bogglingly dumb that idea is , and that notion i so ... i'd imagine that infp's being a diverse bunch would have been in a wide variety of roles during the world wars . as this thread has clearly indicated we hold a wide variety of views , some of us would ... i've played this and other similar pen and paper roleplaying games off and on since i was in high school . i've found it to be an entertaining and sometimes rewarding experience , with the right group ... this is not a question i can blithely answer with a simple yes or no , so i can't answer the poll . police officers are i feel an absolutely necessary part of any society of more than a very few ... well , i'm a stagehand , i typically work at least one concert a week from april through october and at least one or two a month for the rest of the year . additionally a number of my friends are ... hmmm , my first inclination would be a deep dark forest green , almost black . honestly though i have no effing idea . saliva to sativa r . i . p . chris '