' so it's not just me who had people compete with me ( without me knowing it ) , and then blow up in my face declaring their loss ? it's a general entj thing ? now it all makes sense ... i am very good at making money . however , i hate thinking about what stuff costs , because to me that feels like too much of a limitation . i like being able to spend money indiscriminately , and i ... my design , branding and advertising agency is named after a two-syllable swedish derogatory term meaning roughly mean spirited caricature . i'm swedish and my company is based in sweden , so everyone ... as practically everyone here has already said , i don't think she's even slightly interested in you . you should just leave her alone and go on with your life . if a person is romantically or ... i work as a freelance designer and programmer . both these fields are no doubt creative . in my free time , i compose music . last year i've been working on my first symphony : five movements for ... i can see some te , but his metaphors and life as a story / game perspective tells me enfp . also , all these posts on his blog about the importance of focus tells me he is naturally unfocused and has ... yes , when i have to do something that i feel will lead me nowhere . might be some freelance work i only took on for the money , or a service i accidentally promised to do for an acquaintance or ... i think the question is weird . human is what we call our species . what makes us human would therefore be that we are genetically alike enough to be considered the same species - the species we ... hey . this is important . you should get that eye checked up asap . a yellow eye only visible in flash camera pictures is an early symtom of coats ' disease . consult a medical professional . ... swede here , so we're getting close . if i show up wearing a lusekofta and start calling sharks kjempetorsk i might pass as one . i'm almost definitely 8w9 . never seen an entj 9w8 around here . i don't easily recognise my own emotional states . it always feels kind of neutral to me , but my actions are colored by what's going on on my inside . i have trouble expressing my feelings until ... i didn't say being liked was a requirement . i just said dragging someone from bed to do something can get the work done . i have to be close to someone in order to care if they resent me or not ... i most often prefer the company of t types . specifically nts . communication flows easily in groups with compatible interests . but nfs can be cool as well , as long as they are not f doms . can be ... incompetence . you can find ways to motivate lazy people . and if that fails , you can drag them out of bed and make them do stuff . incompetence , on the other hand , takes time to correct . to everyone who still reads this thread : just for the record , i have to make amends for some of my previous posts . i understand the thing fe does now . i completely misunderstood its intent before , ... i don't see the conflict . how is shooting people and storing them for sexual use later not helping them ? have you ever even met any people ? silly , silly you . now i will stop wasting my precious ... i have not needed a cv for four years now . i get my clients through other means . also i wouldn't want the people who pay me completely ridiculous money to know i completely lack formal education . this is gold . acts of service > physical touch . then verbal affirmation and quality time on shared third position . i couldn't care less about gifts . if i want it , i buy it . at work : black chinos , shirts either deep red , purple or black . sometimes open shirt with a t-shirt underneath . sometimes plain black or red . sometimes with a printed motif i find agreeable . ... thought translating directly into action . when i reach a conclusion , i act upon it without delay . it's automatic . i write prose , music and code on my free time . at work , i do mostly graphic design . i try to plan my life so that i'm able to spend as much time as possible practicing different artistic skills . what color is your aura ? if i end up in a new place , say i get a new job or something , i restrain myself a bit and test the waters . then i expand slowly and steadily and show more and more of who i am , as i become more and ... before being justified in judging others like that , you have to make a comprehensive case for the illogical jumble of make-believe that is the idea of free will . proceed . i think correctly diagnosing yourself as an indigo child / adult / whatever is paradoxical , because they are supposed to be intelligent , yet you have to be a moron to believe such new age crap . you're a te dominant . 1 . focus on external evidence to evaluate new ideas . 2 . focus on being right , combined with looking forward to being wrong . 3 . focus on achievements and results . 4 . i'm ... nowdays i pretty much only do creative work . during office hours , i design and write code . then i go home and draw , write prose and music . i always start out with some kind of concept . i get this ... can't talk for everyone , but personally , i find i value human well being . not life , maybe - but well being . i put a value on life as well , but only as a means to achieve future well being . i find it ... one thing i have noticed is that people in general always tend to change their views if they are proven wrong . only problem is that most people treat their pet ideas differently than whatever ... i have no problems admitting i am wrong when i've understood that's the case . however , since i work from the assumption that i am right , it might take some convincing before i actually reach that ... of course the categories will say nothing about causality . milton friedman is responsible for an economical and political doctrine that kills millions , and he's typed as intp . joseph goebbels , ... just because they kill people they have personalities that can't be categorized ? they still have to process information and make decisions just like everyone else . what's the difference except ... when i've really made up my mind about something , i can go into bulldozer mode . some kind of not entirely healthy te-se loop thing , i think . during bulldozer mode , everything that slows me down , ... of course the positions of arbitrarily defined constellations made up by humans define who we are . of course there is profound truth in the equally arbitrary manmade symbolism we imposed on these ... is it just me or does this happen all the time , particularly in the entj forum ? 1 . my long term goal is building skill in areas that are relevant to my interests . what i am going to apply these skills to , i don't know yet . i have a vague idea that points me roughly in the ... lol @ determining type from political standpoints . i am most definitely entj , and i definitely lean quite a bit to the left . i am also a feminist in principle , only i tend to avoid that word . i ... i keep my day job mostly to the office . that way my mind always puts itself in work mode on my way there . i have some difficulties concentrating on such things when there are tasks i'd rather do ... the top 100 things i'd do if i ever became an evil overlord it's a classic .  ... 84153 84154 84155 84156 what post ? have i said i was going to post something ? at first i was going to write a long , elaborate and serious post on this subject . then i scrolled down and saw the baking cat in your signature , and was overcome with a manifold of fluffy feelings ... got the sense that op wastes periods ( . ) by writing three of them out every time she needs one . also got the sense op wasted $ 60 on a completely useless test just to prove something , right after ... indeed . most people are quite nuanced , and i am sure a mature , healthy , well rounded entj-enfj couple could learn to compromise and communicate to lessen the impact of their differences . but as far ... i think that typologically , it looks like a matchup from hell . maybe the second worst pairing for the entj type , only beat by entj - esfj . in entj - enfj pairings , the top function of one part is ... i am aware that i posted weak evidence . still , however , i posted evidence . weak evidence is better than no evidence at all , which is exactly what you brought to the table . what these studies show , ... wrong . faulty thinking because single instances never say anything significant about a statistical average . these are not points on a scale , but bell curves that overlap to a large extent . the iq ... '