' hey , i understand . sometimes you need a place to vent , just because you feel disappointed in their behavior doesn't mean they aren't your friends , it just means you wish they were more supportive ... i especially concur with the ' you've just been raised that way ' part . i'm open-minded enough to consider your feelings and try and understand why you are the way you are . why can't you do the same ... i am a legal studies major , eyeing a master's in either public administration or library science / information systems right now . i currently work for a non-profit as a glorified paralegal / event ... assuming i will do something for you rather than asking me nicely . it puts undue burden on me , and is rather irritating . if you ask me , i probably will but have the courtesy to ask rather than tell ... oh oh so true my friend . we are ebb and flow . like water in so many ways . i need someone who can love me through my rough seas , my gentle rains and the quiet still nights . i am more than willing and ... i looveee to travel ! i've never been out of the country , but i'd love to see argentina , thailand , japan , spain , ireland and romania specifically ! in that order ! i've done some traveling within the ... i know exactly how you feel . especially when i feel like i have too much on my plate , i can be sensitive and need lots of alone time to sort things out . most people who know me understand and don't ... i tend to not hold eye contact very well , i look down or to my side a lot during a conversation . its a nervous thing , i do it even more if i don't know the person well . 1 . ) have no trouble getting guys / girls - um ... well ... i tend to attract the crazies ... plus i'm pretty oblivious to that sort of thing ... i didn't realize my last boyfriend was interested in me ... sooo ... like you are wilson and he is house ? he's a loveable curmudgeon you can't bring yourself to abandon ? hmm ... i suppose i can understand that . is this individual an inner circle friend or ... excuse me , but wtf man ? ! who does that ? you sir have quite the idiot for a roommate . my condolences . let's count off the reasons why one shouldn't be so jerky to you : a : you are in pain . generally ... what does he mean he can train ? like somehow virginity makes one somehow more malleable and subservient ? perhaps ... but manipulating someone to simply get what he wants out of them rather than have ... it took me a year to say it . i wanted it to mean something , i didn't think it appropriate to say anything unless i was sure . and when i did say it , it just happened . i didn't think it through or ... i like to go off into the woods or fields and just walk and think up crazy adventures or stories . i'll go running and see a really cool tree and just have the urge to climb it . or find a really cool ... oh yes , i'm doing better . but i'm still lonely for someone i can trust and love . it'll happen or it won't , that's the way it goes . i don't think asking for someone to protect me is unrealistic . i ... i have had a sort of self-mutilation i suppose ... a little background is necessary to explain though : i have struggled with clinical depression for over 7 years . my home life has never been the ... i've had similar emotional roller coasters to what you are describing in your original post . i certainly know i'm looking for lots of affection and loyalty in my relationships ... all i can say is ... actually , i'm feeling a whole lot better today . i don't know , maybe i just needed that really emotional day or so to just vent . i'm sorry to have bothered you all , but i think it helped . i have a ... i was fine until today . really . i keep yo-yoing back between being ok and not today . don't really know why . i think it has a lot do do with i'm really overwhelmed with school right now , i haven't ... but i don't want any assholes ... they seem to keep finding me this week though ... i don't know ... it just seemed like he went from being my kind brave ninja , to somebody i didn't know . i'm ... beauty and the beast , little red hen i know i'm quoting myself ... but its earlier in this thread and i didn't know how to link you to it ... i do love myself , thanks . : laughing : i've just been having a good time trying to reach my goals . i still miss him and get lonely at times , and rant and rave and such , but overall i'm pretty darn ... dr . gregory house is actually based on sherlock holmes . i don't know if he is an infj or not , but he is so freaking awesome ! ! ! house is one of my favorite shows . i think house is a big softie ... i appreciate the advice , but i'm not actively looking for someone or anything . it's been about 6 months since the end of my last relationship . i just want to be happy and have fun . if i find someone ... * sigh * , i don't mind being single . i mind being lonely . and i also mind being single just because all the weirdos come out of the wood work and think they can get me in the sack ... why can't love be ... meh anymore i get panic attacks because i've been in a bit of a slump in this one very important class in my major . i keep turning in things late and procrastinating because i'm tired or afraid of ... i completely agree . lately my emotional and physical health has been a bit of a roller coaster ride , it doesn't help things at all . and i'm not saying i need a knight in shining armour , i'm my own ... ketchup . ( i'm such an american .. ) unfortunately , no ... not really . lately i've taken to my old standby from high school : bury myself inside of books ... i probably sound like a little kid , but pretending someone is there is better ... i love that the infjs are called the protectors . it really strikes a chord with me , being a guardian of others . however , sometimes ( and especially right now ... ) i would really love for someone to ... my father is sort of the same way . we suspect he is bipolar , but he refuses to seek help . he is extremely mentally and emotionally abusive and sometimes physically as well . one minute he's fine and ... cheers to you all ! halfjillhalfjack : i won't reiterate all i've been through , you can find it scattered about posts on this board . but my advice is love yourself . if you can't love yourself , you ... also , to the people who have had pet snails / bugs etc . i always try and save as many worms off the sidewalk as possible when they all get stranded on the concrete when it rains . oh my lord i love manx cats ! they are so hilarious . my ex had one named seymour ( seymour butts ? yeah yeah ... lame ) . i called him my bunny fluff . he was my baby , just so cuddly and chillaxed all the ... hey there vanish . please don't be so sad . i'm in the same situation you are . sometimes i'm good to go and ok with the fact that my loved one left me , but then when i have my quiet moments i pine away ... hello all ! i wasn't sure if a thread like this had been done before , but i was wondering what the general opinion was on pets infjs have had and enjoyed or would like to have . i know there has ... sign me up , the more you guys talk about it the more i think that infj men could be viable partners . especially if they share the same conviction to be the ' champion ' for those they care for . i'm ... i thought i was conservative until i got to college . then i realized that i was actually pretty socially liberal . most would categorize me as a left leaning moderate , who is conservative fiscally . hmm ... i'm definitely one for a monogamous relationship . i am not sure i could handle a truly ' open ' relationship / marriage . but then again , i'm completely open to the idea of bringing in another ... ah i appreciate that info . i actually do want to get better , but somethings are out of my control . it took many years for doctors to finally figure out that most of my depression stems from a lack of ... of course i feel un-human . i'm supposed to be perfect and i'm not ! everybody expects so much more from me , i have to be strong for everyone around me . a moment of weakness is simply a window of ... i know i can be insecure about some things , but my ex really helped me get past some of those insecurities . i don't know about other infj women , but sometimes i want to be a little girl and have ... top 5 characteristics : intelligence . you need to be able to challenge me and i in turn should challenge you . i love a guy who knows what he believes , but if a good argument is made , is willing to ... i felt like i needed my feelings validated too much sometimes . i know one thing that really irritated the fuck out of my last boyfriend was he hated hearing me put myself down all the time , or me ... oh , i also forgot to mention . i watch nascar , and i follow baseball loosely ... australia sherlock holmes 500 days of summer m * a * s * h raiders of the lost ark temple of doom the last crusade back to the future jurassic park the insatiable * nods emphatically * oh yes ! love to play outside ! and i always no matter what i'm doing day dream about being on some sort of mission or adventure . my ex-boyfriend always found it amusing that i ... i've found self confidence through embracing my mistakes in life , acknowledging them and trying to move on . i feel like a lot of infjs know what they are really good at . i consider myself a good ... i like fritos ! ! ! '