' actually we thought they would be one of the happiest groups to dish out their handwriting . we believed the nts would be among the happiest to go along with a scientific experiment . this actually ... sorry . unfortunately we had to end it early because of some miscommunication with lilli ( the op ) we were going to , but unfortunately some miscommunication between team members made it so that the op ( not me . we've all been using her account for this test ) didn't have all the information she ... your argument does hold some water , which is actually why we are probably going to do a few of these sorts of things ; using different kinds of complicated demands . of course , we won't be using my ... you're not being a nuisance ! i really do like feedback on this sort of thing . basically this was the most complicated request we could think of without being downright ridiculous ( stand on your ... highly critical people okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... well , it's not exactly a competition , but no . the infps had an astounding 16 posts okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... thankfully i don't actually care how negative my impression is on you , and based on the number of responses we got and how most of them were positive , i highly doubt you speak for the entire istj ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request . ... okay , truth time . i'm not actually studying your handwriting . my experimental psychology group and i wrote this to see how the different personality types react to a somewhat complicated request ... okay , it is time to reveal to you all what i was actually studying . my experimental psychology group and i have been investigating different personality type's responses to a difficult request . we ... oh , i forgot to add something in the original post . i won't be judging your handwriting based on the quality , actually i'm looking for little things like slant , pressure , and cradling ys and gs , ... @ devin 87 thank you . your efforts to make your handwriting a little bit more you is exactly what i wanted to see , people working on their handwriting that way is actually the entire basis for my ... having bad handwriting is perfectly fine ! i'm not actually judging the quality of the handwriting , just little things that distinguish certain styles from others , so even if your handwriting looks ... i am looking for specific things in the samples , such as large or small spacing between words , the pressure that the writer wrote with , slant , and cradling the ys and gs , etc . each one of these ... i forgot to add something , i'm not actually judging the quality of the samples , just small things that distinguish certain styles of handwriting . some examples are pressure , word spacing , looping ... not intj , but liberatarian through and through spidery is good information for me to have , and it's totally okay that it's bad ! my own handwriting sucks as well . i'll add a sample the minute i'm done checking the rest of the forums . also , i ... that's fine ! just give me the sample that you can , and i will be perfectly happy . and just to make you guys feel a little bit more secure ( though i highly doubt this particular forum needs it ) , i'm ... holgrave , thank you for posting , your handwriting is fine . i'm just looking for little things that distinguish certain styles from others . i have to admit , i laughed pretty hard at ... in cursive samples of cursive . i am not evaluating how good the handwriting is . simply the small things in our handwriting that make it unique . for example , adding more space or less space between your ... my theory is based on the fact that different personality types will value different things in their handwriting . you see , i'm an isfp , so i value things like frills and curls in my writing , and so ... @ tine , exactly . how it makes sense is that the desire to cultivate a specific style would probably be subjective to what kind of person we are or would want to be . for example , my own type ( isfp ) ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that i want to see . ... hi fellow isfps so i'm feeling curious , do you guys think that there are any ties between mbti and handwriting ? i've always wondered , and now that i've got a little bit of free time i decided that ... '