' she's one of the most popular and best selling current pop artists . this isn't really a controversial opinion . a tie between black dog , confused girl and you ! dare and truth i want someone to say that i was the biggest event to ever happen to perc . that i was hellen of troy , i was chupacabra . i want another person to post a lenghty celebratory post celebrating my ... looks like you weren't around for the infamous spam world orgie of ' 13 . fair and balanced . objective . ah yes , talking about natural disasters and mathematics , the sure fire way to turn any girl on . nazi rallies 4/10 without rice . 10/10 with rice . got a free pizza today cause the waitress brought me the wrong order and when i pointed out she just went fuck it , you can keep that one too . she says passive-aggressively . flattering , but i dont think she's my type ! are you implying the mods are biased against you ? you sure are extremely fun to play , for someone i consistently beat ! ;) obvious enfp . vinniebob is actually jim morrison . he never actually died , just decided to fake his death and live out his days quietely postinh on a personality forum . that certainly narrows it down ! ! =p trying to get with arwen . im not the hero chesire deserves but the one that she needs ! ( or something like that ) . : cool : cool stuff . epic stuff . stuff so unbelievably amazing it couldnt possibly be described to mere mortals ... truth and a dare please . this is actually 100 % correct . ironic considering sjws think of themselves as fighting the status quo . no one . not in a im too much of a tough badass to be afraid of anyone way . there's just genuinely no one in my life who comes to mind . people arent scary . spiders are kinda scary though , but ... truth . hottest girl on perc . easily . i'm in a fuck it , you're all dumb as bricks mood . it's fun . do you think posting a condescending intro will entice people to read mountains of out of context text ? for her money . oh i didnt see this . now im so conflicted . do i like this dude or hate him ? ! jalapenos are amazing on pizza , especially with bacon . so are pineapples though ! ! ! : angry : i knew there was a reason i disliked you ! almost as terrible as dipping pizza in ranch dressing . * licks your tentacles * 25 / m . asl ? what if i like gagging on tentacles tho ... u dum bogan slag , u gunna get raped boooi . drunken karaoke . the more you think about life the more complex and the more unattainable absolute truth seems to be . happiness is easier to obtain than lots of people make it out to be . don't over think it . i'm ... french fries covered in gravy and cheese and topped with crispy strips of bacon . this has been the best summer i can remember for lots of reasons and shit just keeps swinging in my favor . oh man , i just read the most self indulgent diatribe . made hilariously contradictory because of the author's propensity to say the most trite , meaningless bullshit . im currently at home and i'm currently wearing nothing . well that was a very strange coincidence . the mafia forum is by far the best community on here and i don't even really play mafia anymore . luna we're fucked because no one gives a shit , everyone's too busy stroking their egos squabbling over distractions . if they promised to write a 20 paragraph post about it over-analyzing my performance . of course they do . politicians from all sides have been sucking the dicks of big corporations for years . exactly . also , of course politicians support it since they get paid off . create a giant culture war as a distraction , both sides are too busy destroying each other that no one ever focuses on the real enemy . you consistently make me smile ! =) also , we should totally play chess again soon . it's been too long , i'm looking forward to kicking your butt again ! the last couple of pages have been entertaining . im down for some judgement if anyone wants to bring it . this one makes me sad . i hope the intended take away is that scientists today are too close minded about implementing philosophical thought ( instead of the opposite ) . ive never heard anyone who was shocked , whether he is gay or not is really pretty irrelevant . when i read them for the first time i kinda thought he might be cause of his childhood connection with ... '