that describes a lot of types . i believe there is an element of the former in his talking and it would be an argument for infp . so he frames what he says ? so he's an idealist ? it's very hard to get a sense of someone's personality type just from interviews , debates , and speeches . every type is going to use statistics as a short hand for framing an argument . i do it ... with respect to the rarity i've come up with a couple of options , but it's definitely influenced by genetics . otherwise it would depend a lot on culture and i'd see that written all over wikipedia . ... i think he could still be an infp . i agree fi is very similar to ni fe when it comes to talking with people . there is also a lot of political pandering fluff to filter out which makes this sort of ... more i think about it the more i am absolutely sure he is not a thinking type . especially not an intj . edit : considering the post above ill explain my thinking . bernie uses facts and anecdotes ... he's a pretty typical infj imo . but ppl may have a point about fi . although his ideas are very very ni . doubt he has a strong te or ne or else he would express it more . he does rely on stories ... ditto for me . :p roud : i was just surprised . i didn't mean any criticism . i used to be very depressed so i lacked self-confidence , and you seem more depressed yet you are worth much , therefore be more confident because i ... damn . dominion - the world is in trouble right now and it needs a capable leader . i would prefer not to be that person but there is no real choice . road eternal - only if i could effect ... not as curious about ppl as others are . dont enjoy small talk . sometimes i fumble conversations . over intensity since i am a ball of too many emotional memories . i have bad auditory memory . it is ... i lost you at two to be honest . i have a friend who i think might be an infj but tests as an infp . i have known him for years and he is my closest friend , but he just does not seem like an infp . he is an optimist , but he is very ... my mom is a feeling type . has the s though . not strict in the slightest . my dad has bipolar , but he manages it so well you wouldn't think he did . so , yes and no - i do echo your observation , but ... 120 eq . pretty sure i know how to get higher , but i disagree with some of the answers . edit : i managed amazing on my second try , and 180 on my third by changing one answer . sigh . i was asked this question while taking goleman's eq test : and i feel like the right thing for this manager to do is to speak up , but i certainly would never do such a thing . for one , it is ... good eq | ihhp but i feel like i could have just entered strongly agree for all the questions and gotten a very good eq . unfortunately i know that i am not that perfect a person . perhaps i should change the title ? the theory was supposed to address how different types of memory correlate well with behavior , which is also why certain behaviors are correlated well with high iq ... a multiple intelligences iq test ? i did not know they had those . no problem . an essay is what i hope for when i am wrong ! i am familiar . i believed they got generalized at some point . i disagree with all those . i really admired an entp in highschool . at least i think he was an entp . anyway , i would not change any of my faults either . faults make people human after all . and i suspect infjs have such a ... me neither , but i thought this thread was to indulge ourselves . : wink : here is mine since no one knows who ... thanks ! i am glad someone found my post worthwhile . when i research , after i will remember generalities and talking points if anything . maybe it is the same for you . plus both our ' science ' ... indeed my mistake . i was not being accurate with my words . : sad : intjs tend not to make decisions based on compassion because their t is auxiliary , and f is tertiary . though there is probably some overlap . i bet it is correlated to people intelligence as well . i want to simplify the 8 attributes into essential components . how one thinks ( ni / e si / e ) , what they think ( ti / e fi / e ) , and their area of ... i hope you don't think i was completely arbitrary . like , my friend who i talked with for a month was an intj , and i read about the personality type . another friend is an infp and what he said ... i did a little research before i posted . i just took the cambridge one , and it heavily focused on logic puzzles and memory . the arbitrary statements are based on my experiences and understanding ... i am curious why you say no . i like those sorts of riddles too . agree . an infj is versatile , and we can do logic puzzles , but i suspect it takes us longer everything else being equal . i had an epiphany earlier today . however my evidence is anecdotal so i want to run it by the infj community to see if it agrees well with your perceptions . it goes like this : t and f are ... shame we aren't as good at this do-while loop as other types . te and ne are so much more useful for cracking logic puzzles . remember we both have a j in our name . it is almost shaped like an i . comparing the negatives of an infj to an intj is a sure way to the bottom . but how about this , an infj can be emotional and ... between the holes . i am a capitalist and a socialist but i don't believe in a ideological spectrum . but i like freedom , so perhaps liberal in a classical sense . don't care . it doesn't bother me if some mistype as infjs . it goes to show how admirable the infj is . i . e . versatility , intelligence , empathy , ethics , honesty , patience , leadership , and as icing-on-top they have ... i post to say i was effectively baited . of course male infjs exist . anxiety may stem from the ti in the infj function set . to be happy an infj needs to learn to suppress their instinct to question everything . so rely on your intuition until you need to fact check . be ... ( my waifu is rey and the actor is also my age ) : unsure : if you are introverted and intuitive , then you are an infj . i assume your f is auxillary if you are using it to make choices . your other extraverted function would be inferior . here , - [ i can't ... i looked up the functions and for two days i analyzed how i thought , what i focused on , and what i could remember well . guess i get very uncomfortable , but i am not a tactile enough learner to actually feel the pain myself . i am not very contemplative . i used to be , i came up with many theories , but all the thoughts grew old . now i am an old soul and i look at the world and wait , rarely stirring to wake . well , for me - looking at people , thinking about talking with them , but nope - watching movies because that is easier - doing homework - sometimes writing but plane flights are distracting and ... well , for me - looking at people , thinking about talking with them , but nope - watching movies because that is easier - doing homework - sometimes writing but plane flights are distracting and ... i have a theory about fe . it doesn ` t seem right to say it is just a behavior or interest . i think it is memory . infjs remember emotions best , which is why they are excellent readers of people . depends on context . the way the infj mind works is it is very good when it has enough data to draw a picture and make inferences , but if you lack data it will definitely lead you astray . right now i am anxious about american politics and russia taking over europe because china is in rebellion and the us is in the midst of an economic collapse and / or revolution in a few years . hmm , ... when he get's very emotional , stubborn , and righteous it indicates some sort of j . infps i know are more passive and fickle . and from what i read about the type my experience isn't just anecdotal . i agree with infj . among those i have met some say intj , but his speeches and debates rely on emotions backed by fact rather than the other way around , so he is probably not te . he cares a lot about ...