' i want to know how you feel about intps . actual intps , or the idea of intps , if you haven't met any . ten million hugs to all . :) so many amazing conversations held here in my absence ! * vows to never leave again . * but really . a lot of what has been written here recently is terribly ... facebook has such a way of emphasizing others ' errors in cognition that become obvious ... it leads me to wonder why i'm friends with many of those people , but then i remember that people are more ... mmmmhm . :) same here . i've been wondering lately about the e / i , but i think it definitely just has to do with how much i need / want company around me , regardless how the time together is spent ... hahah , i love the thinking that's going on in here , about this topic . :) very excellent conversation , and thank you all for participating and indulging my interest . :) this has been very enlightening ... someone creates chitchat thread on enfj forum . * all enfjs vigilantly await for other types to wander in an start conversations . * was it an enfp ? ;) ... i've caught so many of them texting or looking around for shiny objects while giving me the mid-syllable mm hmm's . :) not all , and not always , but many , and ... i am so tired of the extraverts are energy-sapping sentiment . we aren't all batshit , or very loud and outgoing , even . :d ry : on topic - - do you guys find that you get on better with extroverts online ? also - - i am with iamken on this one . y'all sure do type a lot . ;) i think it's an introvert thing rather than an fi thing , though . my intp so ( fe ) is the same way . intps and infps actually have ... [ / b ] on the contrary - - i think my initial interactions do begin with self-focus . it really depends on how i'm feeling , though . if i'm having an insecure kind of day , or if this someone is ... things with hands . yes . i attribute the credibility of my advice ( to follow ) to my experience with dating , housing and keeping an intp fed for a little longer than two years , now : while i find that intps are rare ... your ability to be candid is refreshing . :) we all have things that are unhealthy about us . i should clarify my rambles - - 1 ) by lie , i mean , be less valid than the next or be less reliable or be misconstrued . 2 ) by some intps are different from others , i mean vastly , in a ... effy & iamtp : interesting thoughts about intps behaving like infps , from both of you . i think i've seen this happen in intps before ( currently ... < _ < ) . i think some intps are different from ... the cognitive functions test . - - different from mbti ? ? where is this magic ? whoa - - so much happened here in 3 days ! i just want to take the opportunity to make the observation : 30 pages since 5-25 ! ! i feel like i missed out . :) this . might be an enneagram type 3 thing . i can relate . i'm enfj 6,3 , ? . i think you asked what makes enfjs happy . other people make us happy . histoire soo ... how is this all unfolding ? did you make a move yet ? ;) other people . ha . ;) we're not all the same - - so no , there is no guarantee that if he likes you , he will be quieter than usual . also , don't confuse introversion with a lack of confidence - - they are not the same ... i think this is odd behavior for an enfj . the behavior you're describing sounds introverted . maybe he's intimidated ? i can't speak for everyone else , but in personal experience - - i am always thinking , and even something overthinking , even during personal interactions . i can seem absorbed in conversation , but ... no ! i absolutely wouldn't be overwhelmed , and i think that if this person is how you explain him to be , i can relate and would even do things the way you plan to do . i know what you mean when you ... just got over the same thing . left eye still hurts . rawr . well , i'm just going to be honest with you . someone walks like a cat , who falls into fits of rage only to burst out laughing seconds later ... sounds awfully immature or unstable , and possibly ... re # 1 : as someone in the field , it's true . :( i am constantly at odds with myself for buying into this , at all . i've asked others about it in the forum , but i don't think many people are in ... baiting . i approve , then . :) this would bug me , too . the answer for me , would be : after a while , you can't make it up . just stop doing it . period . that's it . heheheheh ... and idk , i'd say i'm pretty organized and scheduled . that's the nature of the j . that said , i don't think this has anything to do with sex drive . like lofty said , it probably ... idk about how well sex and food correlate with personality type , but maybe with each other ? that'd be an interesting thing to research ! i also disagree . i think it's simply more obvious when extraverts are spastic or obnoxious . the nature of extraversion is merely that feelings are divulged more easily and processed externally ... hahaha . ^ _ ^ someone sounds excited . you forgot to mention the pony . also - - you might want to change your wording a bit . if he screws me , he needs the protection . ... < _ < i'm sorry , you ... 6-7 : this is a blanket statement . people run the gamut from e to i , and it is not black or white . you'll find that plenty of extraverted persons prefer to spend time at home or with one or two ... hahaha . a connoisseur of rejection . ^ _ ^ playing dumb is always the go-to . but as women , we tend to get it shoved in our faces eventually . :) it's totally possible . i'd send pictures , but that might be awkward for my poor intp . :) this is an intense story ! i can't wait to see what happens for you . :) i hope you run into him again . keep in mind that infp / enfj interactions can be weird . what you have going on in your head might ... kitty.diane - - this is so true . my so said pretty much this when i demanded to be introduced two years ago . nbd , it won't change my opinion , why is this a thing . once he realized both how ... do tell . :) i'm intrigued , and happen to own an intp . ;] fire when ready . this is adorable . :) perhaps he was also conflicted about why you two were having interactions like this . typically , if we're curious , we're not shy about approaching someone , but don't expect ... i can't speak for everyone so i'll speak for myself ... 1 . what signs does an enfj give away when attracted ? / what do you do when you're attracted ? it depends on how much information i have about ... if you read your link , you'll see that the extinguishment partner of the infp is actually the enfp . ^ i love japanese literature ! is this something i should look into ? ? maybe we should share our favorite books , too . ^ _ ^ on that note , one of my favorites is a novella by banana yoshimoto : ... sometimes there's an effect of being too wholesome that isn't an intriguing or challenging enough factor for young boys . this will change as your friend gets older . :) tell her absolutely not to ... i'm going to say this as a word of caution : online surveys are the least reliable method of taking a poll . two big reasons : 1 ) you don't know if the person answering the question is who they ... this was terrifying . : < thank you for sharing ! ! ! she's beautiful . :) ) '