' desperately wish there was a moment every day where i could completely get out of my headspace . i have met several ... but will limit this discussion to two extremes . one female infj and i had some instant chemistry . but honestly when i look back at it , and things like the concept of empathic ... the child in the crowd . i told my father that my grandmother had osteoporosis ( i had overheard the doctor when i came to pick her up ) . i was 15 or 16 , maybe they ( my family ) didn't think i knew ... yes . you are not alone . patience and persistence as well as putting yourself out there will help . it'll take time , it won't happen over night but i do believe in you . if they've asked for a temp they are not ... thelostxin i have no idea what your degree is in . none . i don't know what you want to do long term either . i agree that following your heart is important there's a great amount of satisfaction ... i am a mechanical engineer . math was not always easy ... but persistence is what made the difference , sometimes hours or days of struggle with it . some aspects of math felt intuitive , some very ... i think istjs are certainly romantic , at least some of the ones i've experienced . i think there is an innate dedication to the nurturing and care of those who they care about , and a very a strong ... i'm not an entp , but i do have some life experience with what you are describing . when i was younger my mother often told me that the darkness that surrounded someone made the star shine ... no , no such luck . unfortunately she ( estj ) seems to be , from an anthropological perspective , a more low context individual . bummer . i do rant a lot and have only met one person in my life capable of ... direct at the female in an honest , clear fashion . some things i would imagine are not totally clear , but could be easily clarified . how would an estj ( female ) react to an infj rant ? particularly one of a romantic context ... :-/ ... i'm posting this because i would seriously just like to get some insights not sure that this is the right forum but i am trying to understand some underlying cognitive processes here . alright so ... no . i don't use the alcohol to leave the house . but sometimes to loosen up a bit . mostly when i hit a club or social scene . helps to stop the anxiety and still allows me the ability to interact with ... i had two infj grandparents . i cannot speak of either in the capacity of being a parent , because clearly the was not my father . at the point in my life wher i was able to evaluate his character ... you're stubborn why don't you ever tell me what you're feeling ? in earlier years : don't you ever get bored in your room ? define you and not you in the context of him . you are a completely seperate and unique entity . i don't think intelligence has anything to do with type . so ... who are you ? how do you behave ? what are ... dear milly , it was honestly refreshing to meet someone who i thought was so different from the norm . i liked your quirkyness , the clean eating , the excessive use of expressive expletives and ... merry christmas ! i don't completely agree with gerro . i think it's honestly fine if he wasn't nervous . i think that that is just something that more inexperienced infjs exhibit . i say that because it might be that ... riposte insidious not trying to start an argument and what i really should have said is that i don't have the functions committed to memory , my familiarity with them is still limited and i haven't ... i have to say that you really do sound better . i'd love to keep chatting with you and exchanging ideas if you're up for it . i understand a lot of what you are saying . funny how dreams can be spawned ... i'd love to see this answered as i have come across that issue myself . pretty damn frustrating . insights anyone ? this is a really interesting argument . i have been forced to use and develop te and ti because of critical thought processes associated with becoming an engineer , just as i have had to develop my ... how do i get an enfp girl ? having one of those days today as it appears to be a recharge day ... what a flippin ' shame . i would have to say that i honestly believe the happiest moments in my life will be with my nuclear family ; more specifically my wife and children ( if i'm ever fortunate enough to have either of ... father : intj mother : enfj sister : infj sinsandsecrets hey buddy ! it seems to me like you are progressing . what you are going through is normal and i genuinely mean that . it seems to me that there are some realizations that you are ... sinsandsecrets , in the mean time here is something to meditate to sinsandsecrets give me a day or so to catch up . i will read and i'm hoping for the best my friend . thank you for your comment . remember this always : we all carry baggage , the only question ... i was born to an intj father and enfj mother . although my mother has professed her personality type through various tests , calling her a lower level enfj in my opinion would be most appropriate . if ... have no clue what you're enneagram is but almost any engineering branch outside of civil engineering will net you a pretty good salary and you will top out at 6 figs easily . 5 ... peep the sig mr . thicks , i am sorry that you find yourself under such present stress . death is a very interesting subject . i was your age when i lost my first grandparent . i don't know how ... and you did that by doing what ? priceless ! ! ! rotfl . you made my day right there ... i have felt that way talking to my mother . dude c'mon , what do you like doing period ? just explain . how sure are you that you are an infj ? so sure that until i learned about mbti i was going out of my mind . i read some descriptions of infjs and it seriously made me feel like there was a ... dewymorning you should show them your math so it makes sense to them ;-) . i'm going to be lazy and watch :-P for first example if 1 % , then 99 % of 30 would 29.7 . taking the sample size to be 30 we ... thank you for that statement , i really can't begin to tell you how mature that is . as far as the redhead , not the way i would hope . this is a complicated story that transcends the bounds of this ... sinsandsecrets ok . rule number one here is that while i want to try to help , there is a likelihood and certainty that i will fail you in some respect . there just is , and i likely will . i really ... sinsandsecrets write it up . be patient with me man . i will respond , i am in the midst of changing jobs right now so i have some homework i have to get done too . we can talk more . i am reading . thicks 1 in addition to the response that i gave you , read this . you know my feelings on this . this is just another function . we can discuss other examples another time . we are 1 % thicks , 1 % ... thicks 1 when you wake i will have something for you . i will try , i think i understand , if i don't , please don't give up on trying to explain . for now dream wondrous things . thicks 1 i'm on my mobile , can you explain a bit more in the mean time ? i will get to a comp and write you your response . smile my boy , you're not alone . :-) . can you answer monogamyislame ' s question ? i'm curious too .. i don't know how old you are but if i were an adventurous gal i would do the following : i'd keep my clothes on but i might let ... i support this . if i wasn't transitioning to the food industry i would totally do this . rock on ! ! ! that's right , push them broads aside ... be the ringleader '