' intp pnin by vladimir nabokov the civil war by gaius iulius caesar enfp isfp ender in exile by orson scott card  kamui kirito : enfj & 1w2 esfj for all of these discussions about francis ' type , somebody already did write the difference between being a manipulative person and being a user of external feeling : question about francis ... isfp zoe barnes : entp frank underwood : entj & 3w4 claire underwood : intj & 3w4 doug tamper : istj seth grayson : intj austerlitz by winfried georg sebald 8w7 3w4 5w6 sx / so andrew wiggin , lelouch vi britannia and grigory alexandrovich pechorin . your score was 85 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the high machs , people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated , people who ... entp manipulation isn't the equal of external feeling . a te user can be very manipulative as well , francis underwood , for example . i have typed kougami as an intp , because he really shows too much ... psycho-pass kougami shinya : intp makishima shougo : intj & 9w1 tsunemori akane : infp ginoza nobuchika : istj entp der kampf mit dem dämon / stefan zweig yves saint laurent the darjeeling limited the strange case of dr . jekyll and mr . hyde / robert louis stevenson enfj enfp entp a clockwork orange by anthony burgess the royal tenenbaums infj enfp isfp infj entj isfj infp enfp moonrise kingdom isfp stalker la dolce vita inception nostalghia the godfather part i / ii inglourious basterds das weisse band the grand budapest hotel silence of the lambs avengers : age of ultron invitation to a beheading by vladimir nabokov hannibal rising / thomas harris andrew wiggin , lelouch vi britannia , michael corleone i think it is easy to see him as an intj because of his enneagram . an entj with type one can unconsciously create an illusion about himself that he is using his introverted feeling way more than a ... monster ginga eiyuu densetsu aoi bungaku if you believe that the world is ultimately imperfect , that you must be competent , and that the objective of life is to improve yourself and the world around you ( ... ) type one has the role of “ the ...  lelouch vi britannia intj & 1w9 well , to be honest i have never think about his type before neither watched his actions with care . but i see a ne-dom or ne-aux . thus spoke zarathustra / friedrich nietzsche  kirishima ayato unhealthy estj & 8w7 enfp infp '