hi fellow singaporean :) but i'm currently residing in nz . i am add inattentive - self diagnosed . it is more of set of personality traits than a disease / or disorder . such a label doesn't really help much . but trust me , adhd is a double-edged sword ... we can ... learn from me , better to have said it early . i'm worse . 6 years . but i think its time to move on . i really pray that fellow infps will not fall into this vicious cycle . thanks so much guys . it really helps me ... all these advice - i really appreciate it , especially when i was feeling pretty down yesterday , but i guess i am fine now . yes , i had been examining my ... thanks zalla . really appreciate it . she is a really close friend . is this a bridge i should burn in due time , for my own sanity . they're visiting . should i be honest and tell her what i think about ... had feelings for an esfj best friend for 6 years . told her last year how i felt . was flatly rejected . we're still friends . and i'm still trying to get over her . she , and another best friend , were ... if all of us just made a difference in just one other person's life , or even try to change ourselves first , we can make the world a better place . we're just not meant to be its something i think about everyday , and also during my drives to and fro school ... the question i asked myself was if i had 4 hours , what would i do ... then , i realized , what was most important ... 3740237403  3739737398 3739937400 37401 with no rules and principles , all sail and no rudder , we are a ship that explores new territories , not bound by routes . instead of fighting the wind , lets go where it brings us . the world was once ... i have self-diagnosed myself to have add ( inattention ) ... i have trouble focusing , and my thoughts fleet around . but we have many strong points ... that is our creativity ... we have divergent thinking , ... i've had the calling to do something about it , but i'm just afraid . there's something in me that feels weak and vulnerable , yet at the same time , the strong believe that i can contribute something ... i've always felt that infps are the behind the scenes people ... we're the glue for society . we provide empathy and kindness , and we play a far greater role that we ourselves give credit for . ever ... let us all practise positively affirming ourselves . say all the good stuff . exaggerate it if you will . say it to yourself everyday . write a testimonial for yourself ! i am a male infp , and i am ... the people who bring about change ... i believe are dreamers who have been awakened . they have the vision , and they work on it . hence , capitalizing on what we already have ... which is vision , we have ... i do agree to a certain extent . ideas without action is useless . but you can have all the hard work channeled to one area , but it is not positively changing things . imagine a hamster running in a ... can we infps change the world ? anyone here has that deep conviction inside you ? screaming out ... deep deep inside . that feeling of being born in this world , and growing up , feeling you do not fit ... listening to the lecturer lecture right now ... i take delight when people call me crazy , or eccentric . i take it as a compliment , becauuuse , aren't all the craziest people , the best people of all ? ? ? but do not call me stupid , weak , or any other ... do any of you have an inner voice which tries to keep you positive ? its weird , but i have a melancholic personality , and i used to have very negative thoughts which ran totally wild when i was ... i'm 22 . i do feel like i am doomed for failure time to time , and it hits me pretty bad , but i learn to cope . one thing i learn is to be positive about every thing , learning to be grateful for ... i fear that i cannot live up to my own expectations of how happy she should be , and whether i can provide that to her . it better to have loved and lost then never to have loved before . remember the great moments , treasure it , feel the hurt , and then move on . if it's meant to be , it's meant to be . if not , smile , blow ... i am going to volunteer at my local mental hospital end of this year . excited as well . hoping to gain an experience to gain entry to my clinical psyc programme like in a few years later . tell us more ... i think i was born an infp . a very carefree , open minded , idealistic child who cared , while others my age i felt were somewhat self-centered . that was my early childhood memories . i was very happy , ... i feel i have superpowers but no , they aren't beneficial . i feel i can see the future of humanity , but no i feel helpless , i cannot do a thing about it . i feel i can see things from many ... i am a psychology student , i know what esfjs are like , i know about mbti , i know about the world of pua , its advices which i know are true , but i am against , but i go against each and every one of ... i feel like i have been carrying a heavy rock for years , walk over to the cliff , looked down , and take the plunge , hoping someone would catch me still loving you i gathered my courage , and whilst hyperventilating , confessed my feelings to my esfj best friend yesterday night , only to have my heart ripped to shreds . it took me 5 years carrying this bulky rock ... i like observing people , but when they turn and look at me , i dart my gaze away i think of . her . i don't mean to hijack this thread , but this thread had been the most useful in helping me understand my problem . kinda . i am an infp male , and i have been carrying a torch for this esfj girl for ... this is depressing :( i feel ya . its an infp thing to be an empath . empathetic to the people experiencing emotions around us :) telll him ! ! ! gd luck :) i wish i could gain full control and power to drive my creative potential , dreams , steer in the right direction , execute my dream with no procrastination , no emotional baggage , and to never say die ... i confess you thrilled me ... but i'm just glad you're not from the same continent as me . haha i wonder if our perception are really valid . if we continue being ourselves , will the world really shun us like plague , or is it what we presume would happen . if i am now 21 but never grew up , and ... no one knows the real me either . it hurts . but the real us will not thrive in this world , will we ? if i were to be really myself , i'd show my weaknesses and all , who would accept them , apart from our ... never bothered much abt pop culture ... i'm kinda anti-herd mentality . however , i love reading about the stories of success in these people , and what they stand for . i've thought of all three before at different stages of my life . i used to be an idealistic dreamer kid who saw lots of hate and negativitiy in this world . i wanted to save it , protect it from ... i tried dyeing my hair once with over-the-counter boxes . after making a huge mess in the sink , putting the goo in the hair , stoning an hour , my hair remained the same colour ! weird means unique , which i feel is cool , which is great , which means we rock ! i'm not weak and stupid , i just see no point in portraying myself to be strong , high and mighty and so much more superior than u are , though i really am inside . i lost the game not because i am ... love to me is a dream , an ideal fantasy , that does not exist in reality . it might not be real , but i yearn for that other half who shares the same world as me and together we can live in limbo like ... i'm not lazy , i'm actually slowly charging up my energy to make my inner dreams turn to reality .