' the garden of death by hugo simberg is my all time favourite painting so i had to include it . the reason why i feel so drawn to it is , just like you were suggesting , the acceptance of mortality or - ... enneagram type w / wing : 7w6 ( using johns test please ) top 3 mbti types : 65 % entp 9 % enfp 8 % intp i've been writing my dreams down for almost four years now . i can categorize my dreams into at least five different groups . the first one is just basic realistic dreams which i tend not to remember ... i wonder if there are any kind of patterns that would link dreams to typology . so tell me about your dreams ! are they realistic / absurd / highly symbolic / adventurous / horrifying / something completely ... please stop spreading the left brain / right brain nonsense . it has been scientifically falcified . go ahead : crazy : introverted , strong te ( you talk a lot about what is useful and question 2 especially seems like extroverted thinking when you explain how you'd handle the situation ) . so that leaves intj and istj ... here's some art i like : jigsaw falling into place ( search results for : art ) and on page 7 there's also a painting by me ( the red-brown-blue-green-black-and-white one with ammonite and abstract ... no , i would lose my mind if everyone were dumb . i had some spare time so i filled up this one : scenario 1 focus on your feeling process here your significant other just ended your 2 year relationship quite suddenly and with no apparent ... well , yeah i've read descriptions and over all they seem to fit pretty well . some of them are kind of extreme though but that might be the stereotypes : tongue : i don't see myself as some kind of a ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... entp radiohead gorillaz metric tuomari nurmio vesala chisu mgmt tame impala i'm kinda settled for ile now because i noticed that i tend to intellectualize moral dilemmas rather than trust how i feel about things . in fact i rarely trust my feelings and find them sort of ... me : entp brother ( only a year and two months younger than me ): intj mom : esfj dad : istp soo .. no pattern ? ( except for both of us being nt ? and maybe 50/50 i / e although that could be just by ... left-facing pig but future in front of me and past behind . i watched some youtube videos about the consept of time about 10 minutes ago so i'm wondering if that explains it ? my future was really ... why xntp for aristotle ? 13/50 keys 2cognition gave me : ne > ti > fe > si > ni > te > fi > se and some socionics test gave me : ne > ni > ti > te > fe > fi > se > si 1 ) i can hold my tongue and avoid insulting people and i usually do that . i don't want to be seen as a total dickhead . 2 ) not constantly arguing although i really enjoy it when i do . 3 ) i have near ... enfp , until i bumped into socionics and realized how poor my fi actually is . entp , 7w6 ( ? ) , eldest of two istjs are not boring at all when you get to know them properly . she is funny , smart and probably the most loyal person i've ever met . we mostly watch tv-series and movies together at her place and ... i'm an entp and she's an istj other friends : enfj , istp , esfj and unknown introverts we took some adhd test in high school psychology class and if i remember correctly the score above 70 indicated that one is likely to have adhd . i scored around 50 and heard other students discussing ... love it how you expect everyone to know which david you're referring to : laughing : i created the sims 3 versions of karl marx , friedrich nietzsche and ayn rand . they live together and hate each other deeply . apparently i shouldn't have bought them a computer since all they do now ... i've also tested as enfp , infp , intp , enfj ( i remember being in a really weird mood ) , and intj well , what can i say ? this is even more accurate with my avatar on another forum : anna could be unhealthy enfx but i can also see unhealthy esfj for her . her brother definetely seems like esfj to me . karenin is most likely istj . i think levin is infp or isfp . i thought about intp ... i don't have one . there are better platforms for drowning myself and everyone else in memes than instagram : wink : my writing style is very situational but overall i think that it's either vague and trails off a lot or overly precise ( and annoying to read since i add too much stuff in one sentence ) . and the tone ... i only get motivated by the problem solving aspect of math . all the talk about training your brain sounds tedious to me tbh . that's my weakness with math - i give up if i can't remember all the ... mbti : entp mt : visual-spatial , verbal-linguistic and logical-mathematical but i'm not sure in which order ls : visual bh : 50/50 or left but i don't think the tests i've taken were all that reliable entp 77 % intp 6 % enfp 4 % entj 4 % estp 3 % introversion ( i ): 9 extroversion ( e ): 15 sensing ( s ): 7 intuition ( n ): 19 thinking ( t ): 7 feeling ( f ): 4 judging ( j ): 0 perceiving ( p ): 14 making your mbti code : yeah , it's possible that i'm wrong about her but then again i don't think i am . i've known her for seven years now and istj just makes more sense . she is creative and funny but in a practical way ... i watch it with my istj friend ( she introduced it to me ) and i love basicly everything about it . i don't think it's very accurate . it types me as infp , sometimes enfp . i'm more likely an entp . it has also typed my istj friend as infp and she even thought that the infp description on that page ... 1 ) what is your perceived mbti type ? how certain are you of this assertion ? probably entp , other nps are possible 2 ) where you considered to be an easy child ( moderate in temperament , easy ... i think i've met one and it was really interesting . i think he had some other problems too - he wasn't very healthy person mentally . other people seemed to either despise him or laugh at him behind ... i got enfp . i know that i'm a ne-dom , but still unsure which one . caution : toxic when bored mbti : xnxp socionics : some ne-ego type enneagram : probably 7w6 alignment : neutral good or true neutral instinctual variant : no idea hogwarts house : ravenclaw star sign zodiac : scorpio chinese ... i think that in china's case its recent history ( from mao to present day ) has affected people's attitude towards religion . they might have more organized religion system today if it hadn't been ... isfp i'm probably entp and scored 37 oh , i have the same problem than the op . except that i properly questioned my seeming enfp-ness when my friend introduced me to socionics and i definitely didn't match ti-polr but rather fi-polr . i ... se7en . i liked it but was a bit too tired to get the most out of it . '