' you don't understand what i mean . i don't say that there needs any impact on the environment . in fact , there could be an impact on the environment . but if nothing is there to be aware of it , it ... if something exists , but there cannot be any awareness of it or its consequences , it is unnecessary that it exists . it is then useless . i think this sentence makes it clearer what i meant . can you tell how it would not be useless then ? try 1 ) if anything happens , but there is no consciousness to be aware of it , it exists for nobody / no one / no thing . this is then useless . exist = ... i haven't smoke in almost two years . your argument is invalid . ( it isn't technically an argument , but who cares ) just imagine this : there are two birds . one is male , the other is female . they copulate , and then the female lay an egg . great , it happened . but then , just imagine that this did happen , but neither ... i realized something yesterday , which i want to share with you . just think about this : the whole existence would have been totally useless if there existed no awareness of it . i mean , the universe ... mail carrier tree planter actuary what else ? i have tried veganism , and absolutely do not recommend it ! i was always bloated , with a white coat on my tongue and a damn bad breath . i would fart killer farts all day long . it also seemed like i ... any career suggestions involving creating ? writing architecture game making artist what else ? 6 uneducated amateurs whose genius changed the world | cracked.com there they are . i guess with internet there should have been more of these in the future . it ? 10char . lolll ! well , if you were a girl asking the same question , i would answer a . although girls may think differently . sounds to me like she is about to break . sorry . interesting ones . i had anxiety attacks in the past too . i found shikantaza to be very useful for stress management . shikantaza is the easiest form of zazen that exists . you basically sit in either the half or full ... what i think , is that there is something that exists which people called god . not the god we learned about in school , but something else which science can find as well . edit : actually i didn't ... no dept , no pollution ... smileygirl as ace face wrote , they are being mean to you , and you don't need to care about them . however , if you want her to stop , i think telling her she is mean to you can help having her to do ... just joking ... bored more than once . because people are too warm and lack logics i'm not to be taken seriously who created it ? who else collaborated and how ? any link ? lolll are you trying to say rain dances don't work ? please help , i need to know . interesting story . willing to share more details so that it is even more interesting ? yes , and it sure doesn't help ... if it isn't mostly because of that . ah well . what should i do then ? did you grew to become more and more socially anxious and awkward ? five years ago , i could hang with people and i was quite normal so to speak .. now , and it got progressively worse and worse , i ... theinterweb you sound like you want to . if you genuinely do want to , i have to say : go for it ! and please , please ! if you don't mind , please tell us what will happen in the end oh please , i'm ... i think it is wrong most of the times but that at times it is alright . q : do you think the majority of people like enfps ? a : yes i do . they are lovely and enfps i know are particularily appreciated . fuck you all i think it would be great if one could post one thread which could be seen from , say , both the intp subforum and philosophy subforum . or say both the intp and infp subforums . more than once i would ... my old msn was hasfallen@msn.com . about 4 years ago , friends and myself had a huge dispute , a really big one , and in the process we bloqued and deleted eachothers from our msn friend list . when we ... my mom says the same about me . is this hard for you ? did you learn how to tactfully tell someone ( s ) he is wrong ? and since it is related , what about tactfully telling someone ( s ) he sings bad ? her dress isn't beautiful - at all ! ? ... shoku i'm tired of this . i asked twice why you were mad , and once what i did to make you think that i thought i was smarter than you , and you answered none . and now it stikes you that i didn't answe your question ? if you ... when you talk less , you think more , and are more likely to eventually come up with creative and / or intelligent ideas . i thought it was xstps if you can't understand the reasons i put ... and pretend i am using fallacies ... shoku it does not at most imply that we may be more likely to be geniuses . at most , it implies that intp = genius . intps may be more likely to be geniuses , but do you think that there are ... intp /= genius [ / thread ] if you really want it , i think you should do it . nope . it really is ti ne si fe te ni se fi . i meant to include the shadow functions i don't believe in the strict functions order , that all intp will be ti dom , ne aux , si ter ... but just to bring it up : the first function of an intp is the last for an infp , and vice versa . so if , ... thank you . edited now ! btw the who are you anyway ? was a joke ! it refers to his username . ? ? i don't understand ? and who are you anyway ? '