lol , i don't even know what i am anymore . i just knew elsa was infj . i knew it . so glad to have it validated here ;) yes , yes we are . i am happy now , but for 10 years i was almost neurotic with it and after forcing myself to not diet ( it was scary ) and to eat whatever i wanted , i finally was able to finally finally end up at a ... there are tutorials on how to contour with makeup . you can do so much stuff with makeup . why don't you start googling some hair and makeup tutorials ? you can create any nose you want with makeup . ... i've been summoned over 4 times , once on a federal grand jury . after the first time it loses its luster . pretty sure i was paid 9 dollars a day ( i had to pay 6 bucks a day for parking ) . i had ... i'm sx / so . i didn't know about this stereotype but i would consider myself an intense introvert . i'm not larger than life though . i completely agree with this . he clearly loves her . i don't know ? i had no clue what that was gonna be . lol ( whoops , i wasn't paying attention to what forum this was ) sorry it turns off the noise in my brain and as a result i am definitely more social after a couple drinks . i used alcohol as a social crutch for many years due to that . i didn't realize how socially ... i'm in it and i only work with one other woman . i would love to have two . i do think that's your age . i hid for about 5 years . however , i've never been picked on or treated terribly by anyone at ... cuz he is entp infj indirect ( i would ostracize them ) relational ( i would get others to shun them and hurt them ) i'm not infp i'm infj but yeah , i can read music . i can play the viola . infj - words of affirmation and quality time entps i don't really want to write them here that's how bad they are . i don't feel very infj when i hear stuff about unicorns . i can not even relate to that at all and have no idea how that even started . haha true this is excellent advice . i did not know that the order of the needs was disproven . i feel like this is a big deal . while you make a good point with a positive outlook , not being able to communicate properly will cause the quality of his relationships to suffer therefore his quality of life will suffer . i think ... enxp leaning towards entp i hated high school . i was involved in fine arts and chose that over sports and was called a freak due to who i hung out with but the label never really bothered me . i'm not sure why i disliked it ... lol , rude . why didnt the bot come in my thread with the welcome video ? ! yes , you :) lol idk : crazy : thank you :) hey ... you ! ;) i hate her / it / ? ? i feel pretty productive already ;) how did i get 5 achievements already hello , i'm cindy . infj 6w5 . looking forward to chatting with you all ! :)