' i'm in a bit of a pickle when it comes to this . i tend to look for a guy who doesn't disturb my life of not doing anything , who doesn't want me to go out , where i can stay in my pajamas , where i ... 29/36 . i kept saying affectionate and flirtatious were hostile , skeptical , or distrusting . i took that quiz that was in there somewhere and got sparkly unicorn , also 489978 because it's cute when i was a child ( around 5 to 8 years old ): ~ i didn't know where grass clippings came from , therefore it was actually magic moss and keeping it my pockets and rubbing it on my skin would turn ... i dated when i was 14 , for about 10 months until i got an illness and had to use a wheelchair . haven't dated for about 10 years now , i can walk again though ( i find that to be awesome ! ) for some reason , this seems to be at the end of many of your posts , but not in your signature . do you type this out every time ? or do you have it saved somewhere to copy and paste ? i am confused ... i was talking to my cousin , we were talking about people who were talking to us . i am paraphrasing this part , because i don't remember exact wording . me : i don't understand why people are upset ... erase edit : i think i am intp , had doubt and confused myself , but i think i was again over-estimating my use of ne . sorry for the trouble , if it caused anyone trouble so , i was thinking this ( below quote ): however , whenever i look at cognitive functions and ... not nf , but sounded fun a clear blue sky spans inward ever the reason why answered never seeking always for something deeper fighting stronger i have been trying to type my parents and was wondering if anyone would be willing to offer input ? my father : he is connected to our yearly traditions and to our weekly routines , he is ... i will have to work on that , my father uses words to mean certain things , and it took me a while to realize that it is not really what the word actually means . to him irrational means he doesn't ... this whole post cleared up some confusion for me , sorry about that . i'm going to be honest and say that i only watched psycho-pass once and it was almost a year ago , but i probably was looking at ... i have thought things like this many times , simply that some form of ethics would be required for many systems of society , that is . personally , i have difficulty judging the difference between ... dad : hey , do you want to go with me to ( lists enormous list of errands , including a 5 - mile bike ride ) ? mom : ( can't do it because of broken bones and such ) me : i don't really want to dad : oh , ... there were a few very good suggestions in here i agree with . sloths , turtles , cats , and wolves . i normally go to turtles or foxes , i could be a sloth for the same reason i could be a turtle . i like ... thank you for this , it made me realize that it was probably te and not fe that he was showing and explained a lot of my problems with typing him . i know i was rather vague in the original post , sorry ... i have thought about that one a lot , i can't really find anything against it , so he probably is . the only thing was that my mom said he had a lot of trouble with his emotions when he was younger , but ... i have a difficult time figuring out my dad , si is most obvious . his behavior around family shows a lot of fe . when speaking of his work , he says he likes challenging work and includes the ' human ... there was a dream i had a while ago , then pops back into my mind now and then . in the dream , this woman awoke me into what she claimed was the real world . apparently humanity had already ... Do: may have few social ties and thus be more accessible . friendly / gentle often timid , quiet , or less out spoken , but could also be outwardly warm . don't : unlikely to reject ... i get told this concerning sodas and other carbonated beverages . i don't like carbonation , so i don't drink it . it is hard to understand the worth of drinking something simply because other people ... i believe that i apologized if my post sounded insincere , since the op requested sincerity . i was interested in contributing to this conversation , though i do not have much ( or much good ) to ... i came from a blue orb my mother found on the side of the road . it had a nice bit of blue steam rising along the sides as she neared and once she was close enough , with a dramatic swirl it ... this was quite an interesting read , not nearly as unpleasant as i was expecting . although i consider myself christian , i tend to agree with evolution . i am not much for some ritualistic behavior , ... drat , i clicked this because of the awesome title , but now feel compelled to give it a guess , despite not knowing whether i'm good at it or not . i would guess ti-dom , ixtp . because of how much ... well , i identified myself as an intp around two years ago , despite never actually joining the site . i joined the site recently , both to see if what i had thought was accurate and to test whether i ... sorry , i was just reading that although it is somewhat correlated for ixtp types to be 9 ' s , it could be a result of their inferior fe . ( of course , type 5 is more heavily correlated , but i am a 9 ) ... this is the thing i have gotten confused with before , that i can become energized by speaking to someone in a one on one atmosphere , or in the sharing of ideas ( but still with only one , at the most ... yeah , we can mostly talk to each other . which is usually her trying to put an interest in random things and me trying to put an interest in what my extended family is doing ( or what her internet ... i think i was involving my mother too much in my thinking today , it can be exampled in the two following conversations . the first began with my mother re-arranging herself , tapping her foot , ... i usually cry a few days out of every month ... if you mean environmental crying , rather than hormonal , it has been a while ... a very long while . maybe that is because the hormonal crying is letting ... i used to collect dead insect bodies , mostly butterflies and spiders , to look at under a microscope . i also looked at rat carcasses . i wanted to see how the bodies were made and put together . i ... i am probably not an entp i just wanted to mess with your study and click buttons , but i have to come clean i am a gemini , clicked the button , but not an entp sorry thank you all , this helped a lot ! i looked at your examples and that made me want to look into it more and then i realized that i relate more to the stacking of functions in entp . seems weird , ... i have some questions concerning e vs i i know that i tend to spend a lot of time alone , but that is connected to being shy and having social anxiety . while i like to spend time alone , if i ... i don't know about others , but i tend to be mellow . it is also possible that i wouldn't react that way because i have trouble recognizing people's faces and honestly don't care . however , if i apply ... i am now imagining a white kitten in cotton pajama pants , still drinking from the straw uh ... all i can think of is kitchen stuff . i use a carrot peeler to open jars that are too tight , or some weird wooden thing ( that my mom has still not identified ) as a potato masher , rather than ... sometimes , when introduced to new ideas , i get absorbed by the question of what if this was the case . it doesn't really matter what it is , i have had countless debates and bought a room full of ... i usually wear shirts that either have a reference to anime or other shows i like , or sarcastic comments . i tried dressing in skirts and dresses , or just generally in a nice way recently . i ... if it is actually obsession , then i think it is insecurity this you're right , i overstated that thank you for all of your advice , it has been very helpful double post * edit : i originally showed the tendencies for itps and injs , out of the three personality disorders only two actually apply to those two groups . ti / si and ti / ni based on the ... i'm just curious , at what time are we not influenced by others or experiences ? my mother tells me that the first six weeks of my life i did nothing but cry , because i had colic . it seems like i was ... first , i'm going to point out a few other pages i've found in trying to decide on which ' type ' i am . i will list the parts of those pages i found relevant will be displayed in the ' quote ' sections . i ... '