' i was just going to dig into my chocolate cake , and instead i got dildos . people who expect you to carry their baggage are inherently toxic . sometimes people with mental illness do this . you can offer support but the level of expectation in some people is not practical or ... strangely , no . people notice , but no one comments on it . the closest thing was a former boss saying i'm one of the quiet ones , but we need all kinds or something like that . spotted : one shy , artistic nerd who still makes me feel protected and can be my partner in everything from fitness to gaming . : blushed : his family is even like mine . both our dads love old school ... the reason i don't like your advice is because you've never bothered to learn about the situation you're advising me on . your advice is not only useless as it doesn't apply and can't be acted on , but ... the main compliment i get is on my voice . maybe someday i'll be good at something other than omelettes . i like time to cool off when i'm mad . i get the same reactions ... people say i'm giving them the silent treatment . i'm not . i'm just composing myself so i don't say things i'll regret , or am ... i think people eventually get to a hump where they can start evaluating their skill levels . a 5 - year-old has no idea if their painting is good , really . a 25 - year-old can see the flaws . i stopped ... i just like the taste of these particular capri sun pouches . although i don't do well with intensity so i can't keep things dialed up to 100 all the time . people do grow apart , sadly . if values , ... i'm single . i put that in quotations , because i'm not in a relationship but i'm enjoying exploring my options for a little while . my sex drive is quite high these days , and i was very shy when i ... if x , then y is not an unhealthy ultimatum . it's me telling you that if you proceed along a certain path of action that makes me uncomfortable and a little grossed out , then i won't be comfortable ... all good deeds have some degree of selfishness as they're about one's own desires for the world and the people in it . that doesn't make them the same thing as , say , a favor done in order to ... i'm amazed that your level of communication is so poor that we wound up watching different episodes of the same show this weekend , simply because you couldn't tell me if a name was in the title or ... i did retail and entry-level it . both were godawful . now i cook and volunteer at city gardens wanting to get into horticulture - i like being around people and having a positive relationship with ... you can say i'm beautiful , you love me , etc , when we're together but your actions paint a very different picture . it's 9 pm and i've had no idea where you are all evening - you don't even respond ... i'm not weirded out by hot dogs at all . i think it's weirder that people are weirded our by them if it's safe and presentable meat . like oh here , go kill another 2-3 animals and use their top ... fuck you . know why we're not spending time together tonight ? because you're like a feral cat . i never know where you are , when you'll be home , when you have plans , nothing . tonight i made plans ... not a fan of gore , but i love the horror genre . it's not about the killing or the blood , it's about the mystery and suspense of the unknown - like more intense campfire stories . deep ones are fun , ... i think this sums up my thoughts . everyone falls down in life and then your thoughts aren't always pleasant and self-affirming . but , i've been through a long life and so have many in my family ... not today , but yesterday - store employee ran after me when i left my ramen at the checkout . even playing games with you is starting to suck . i was so excited to get back into terraria with everyone , but after multiple binge nights you still don't want a break . is this what a relationship ... i care about you but you talk so much . i can tell you i'm working on something and two minutes later you're trying to get me to look at random memes and rattling off what someone is saying to you . ... i'm not sure what i'm supposed to do in this relationship . i'm not asking for miracles . i'm not asking for great feats , expensive purchases , or constant reassurance . what am i supposed to feel ... i spent most of my time reading , everything from classics on my mom's shelf , to encyclopedias ( i liked looking at plants , animals , history ) , to children's fiction . not really shy , just not that ... depends on the specifics , really . most people don't understand what's outside of their own realm of thinking , they just accept it . my father ( programmer ) brings up the possibility of me working in ... finally . got . my fucking . seedlings . first store fully out of stock . second store had trouble ringing them up . and now i can grow tons of little cuties . does your campus have a cafe ? mine had a nice little coffee shop i could always retreat to for a pick-me-up and a bit of reading . i had some great conversations there , as well . otherwise , start ... listen to me without judgment . make time for me if our schedules are tight . keep your word if you give it . stand with me when things are hard , don't back down or run . just let me cry ... protein ! : kitteh : i'm lonely in this relationship . your intentions aren't worth a fart if your actions don't change with them . if you break your word to me often enough , i'm just going to lose faith in you entirely . i trust my gut , but i also know that there are certain people ( * cough * intjs * cough ) who , even if we have that connection , tend to be on their way out in short order . i have a couple : the cashier up front who checked out me and my two items , talking to an old friend again after a pretty bad misunderstanding , and the availability of seed starter kits so i can start ... i enjoy idle small talk with people i already know to pass the time together . if i'm just getting to know someone , i want to be able to gauge their opinions more and find more to potentially connect ... mystery science theater 3000 , original or remake . both are quite good . sometimes , but it's hard to say quite what it is . i know who i'm drawn to , but i can never tell what our relationship will be when we first meet . which ones are going to change my life on a deep , ... because i can't bitch about this to anyone i know any more than i already have : a friend of mine in an mmo met with another woman who shares her mental illness in our guild . this woman is a drama ... sometimes , but this is an upbringing thing for me . my mother loves chocolate when she's stressed ( like i do ) , and i grew up with high school friends who liked to dote on me with cookies , tea , etc . ... i guess i don't know why i'd care about the sexual fantasies of strangers on the internet , or why they'd care about mine . i don't tend to seek it out or offer it . multiple people online who hear a ... infp . chess was one of my favorite games growing up . my father , uncle , and brother all played , as did many of my teachers . i don't find it interesting enough anymore to invest in or have anyone to ... cheers . i got a ukulele a couple months ago , just a small one priced at around 30 bucks to have something to tinker with musically again . i've been absent-mindedly working on my chords , but i wanted ... at my core , yes . i'm not comfortable turning a blind eye to things that seem morally wrong or unfair , even if it's coming from my family , my friends , my social group . whether this is being a good ... interests do change over time , which is fine . what was valuable or relevant once won't always be valuable or relevant . don't waste time on things that don't matter . it's also fine to search for a ... what's wrong with someone who has miserable romantic relationships , but happy fwb relationships with good communication , personal development , and fun ? fantastic beasts and where to find them , with my dad and brother . i'm pleasantly surprised that at least this recent piece of the potter universe is actually very fun . my dad didn't like newt ... if you're self-absorbed it doesn't mean you're a bad person . it just means you need to focus on trying to get out of your own head more than others . focus on finding what works with people and ... getting ready to stream life is strange for a friend . my payment for getting to watch firewatch . giant fuckin ' chipotle burrito . chorizo chicken is a thing here now . i think it's more about whether or not people are intruding on my personal space . i don't think anything of tolerating a different religion , mental health issues , dietary choices , etc . people who are ... firewatch made me angry yesterday and i demanded that my friend replay it to get the correct ending . the ending is always the same , honey . no . '