' hi ! there is some material in your answer to speculate about your cognitive functions , so , great , i'm going to stop here ! definitely sounds like an introverted attitude to me ; especially fi ... i maintain my opinion of tj , but , really , you're free to believe anything you like . i think you would benefit greatly from studying the functions over the profiles and typical behaviour associated ... hi , i'm really not understanding why people here have pointed you towards tp preferences . to me , you sound more like a estj . ( which places on the te - fi axis ); i would like to make a case for ... it sounds like te dominant to me ; you do seem to be needing ( te's cognitive needs ) some logical external structure to apply systematically so as to make your decisions in the most effective way ... i think the alternatives are too telling of which functions one may be using , and this is because the test is mostly based on stereotyped , typical , regular behaviour , assuming people use their two ... just a few thoughts : both ne and se are extraverted functions that look to interact with the many possibilities of the world . they both are focussed on the multiplicity of choices that are at hand ... crownclown let go of typing yourself by behaviour , and focus more on what the cognitive function needs , and push you , personally , to do . a lot of the stereotyping and traits are aimed at figuring ... prada i do not agree on the purpose of mbti , or at least , i see it has a bigger application potential rather than just putting people behind behaviour , stereotypes and classifying ; i do agree on the ... my intuition was istj , so i concurr . here's what i'll add : you seem to have a better handle at the te-fi dynamics , and handling the tertiary is easier . i'm thinking you're more or less in touch ... yes . ( not so tricky , that was an onpoint analysis of the matter 8D ) and it takes some work to pick up all the pieces and articulate them in a precise , clear order so as to convey this famous gut ... ( 1 ) the duality you express in your personality reveals the main conflict in your two four functions ( judging ones ) . it shows evidence of a ti-fe dynamic , a desire to keep yourself detached from the ... this thread puts the accent on controlling behaviours which isn't telling us much about why you need to control things , exactly . this could be an unhealthy behaviour of fi being in the grip . needing ... infp , too . i can elaborate if you need :) estp too ; you display a quick reaction to your environment ( se ) and envision possibilities and probabilities ( ti's realm ) of what you need to do right now with what's going on in the car ( during ... hello hello :) welcome to perc :D i also did a lot of lurking before actually plunging into this forum :) hope you find some info that satisfied your curiositiy here :) judging functions : first ... i'm picking up some si-ne in your thread ( it reflects in your narration , more than in the content , and to me , that's more showing when it comes to cognitive functions ) so i wouldn't personally go ... compulsiverambler interesting how you correlate being reserved with intellect , or rather giving off the impression of being more intellectual . ( i understand you're not stating it as a fact , but ... gambino having a higher thinking function does not mean you're not ready to share your feelings and you're suddenly being a machine . you haven't understood the difference between cognitives ... gambino i realy wonder why nobody has yet answered this post , it's been here for a few days already :/ i'll give you my opinion , and maybe it'll start from there :) you're displaying here , ... purpleviolet you do give me food for thought as the post go by , i really enjoy this . my ne's all gone doubting now ( and sent me back to a more careful reading of your posts . ) i will admit that i ... so , this is what happened in your last thread . i told you istj , which somehow got interpreted along the way in your head and reminded you of an istj , upon which you have place a good / bad ... you've given yourself your own piece of advice . perhaps if she complains that you're not paying attention to all the things she does means that she actually needs to be validated . put yourself in her ... ti-fe / fe - ti dynamics perceives others that put their preferences in the forefront ( usualy , te-fi / fi-te ) as selfish , whereas they're not as focussed as them on keeping overall harmony ( this is how ... there is here absolutely zero information about your cognitive reasoning , and how you come to make decisions ( judging functions - t and f ) , neither how you collect the data to make those decisions ... 1 ) fi and te at work , more likely in that cognitive order . this is where i find the clues . - 10 : fi is internal , likes to keep its own quirks private to oneself . - 6 : taking an action that you ... focus on the reasons of your judgements in all these situations . how can you tell you like them or not ? to like a person may happen based on many reasons . according to mbti , they're rooted in ... don't focus too much on your behaviour ; mbti isn't about behaviour , it's more about how you reasoning and how you come to make decisions . what you're basically doing here , is presenting ... the ... without a well thoughtout list and idea of exactly what i need , i'll just end up buying things that strike my fancy ( like , oh , i like that and i could want this or perhaps i could do this and , oh , ... you're making sense when exposing your use of fi / te , but i'm still not entirely convinced . you don't seem to look at how functions work together ( perceiving-judging ) , and you don't seem to really ... the question isn't really about whether your shouldor shouldn't type people , but more like is it necessary to do so , or what purpose is this serving ? . honestly , it can range from seeing this as ... 1 . ti > fe 2 . ti > fe ( lower fe wants to be reaffirmed and to be looked at , validated ; it craves being part of the group , while your supposedly higher ti cognitive function needs detachment and ... many things can annoy an intp . these are my trouble spots . oversimplification of problems at hand , after you've explained something in a very intricate , refined way . being pressured to make a ... mbti , ways to improve my understanding of the world ; several languages ; improving skills of all sorts such as being more creative . i would love them to be free , but i can't help but think about the people who actually wrote those books , took time , earned a right to make a living by writing while others were also working and ... when you're simultaneously annoyed by behaviour aimed at fitting in , while you can't help it but unconsciously seek to fit in yourself . you're confusing behaviour and motives . mbti theory isn't about your behaviour , but the how you come to such and such behaviour . people can be dreamy for several reasons , people may like many ... to be short , you're making it a lot more about your behaviour than about your cognitive needs , cognitive process decision-making process that leads to a given perception of the world . you're not ... - i hate tradition . but like , education passed-on kind of tradition . i've disliked it for a while - always kind of rebelled against it . - i don't really want a family to nurture , i'm rather personal ... although there was this other isfj alternative that kept nagging me , which i enquired a little more on funkymbtifiction again ( and there's a lot of information on that , on loops and hyperactive ... i took the test on a sticky note , up this section ( the scenario thing ) . it did help . i've also pondered a lot upon what te is actually doing , and done some more reading on what it is doing in ... a very insightful and creative way of putting it like it is . this truly resonated with me . thank your for sharing your insights . much food for thoughts , again ! ( and there goes another sunday afternoon spent on researching . ) i went back into the enneagramm theory as well , as a complementary way to explain the complexity of it ... mmhmh . i still don't know , i have a hard time knowing for sure by comparing examples with people . i've already profusely read on celebritytype , but i can't seem to get much satisfaction from it . i ... hello :) i've alternatively typed myself as an entp , then enfp . i've come to believe that i am an ne-dom , without a doubt . what i am still questionning , is whether i am an fi , or ti user , which ... okay , thank you :) i will dig a little more about the fese loop , and how to better access ni :) thank you very much :) hi :) sorry i was abroad and did not have access to the internet :) : you last post seemed unfinished , that was troubling , you seem to know a lot about typing people ; why did you just stop ... : yes , that's it , it's the intention . if i was to describe it , i'd say it is a foundation for my future . i wouldn't say i vizualize compulsively who i am going to be , but i navigate ... eggsies : alright , well , maybe perhaps you could describe how you feel the functions work together so i'd understand better ? i've read profusely about the functions and how they're supposed to work ... radu : i actually took the test several times , but i didn't find the results to be consistent so i decided to use the functions to be more precise , and actually deepen my perception of the system :) ... hi :) so , i've been trying to type myself for a while now . i wondered if you could give me a hand ? i know now i use fe as a dominant function , and i know i use ti as my minor function , this for ... '