' i appreciate this thread , as it made me think and realize more that in these past 5 years my music prefernace did shift for the good & qualitative music & lyrics . i believe it started with me ... these aren't really resolutions ; more of my goals for 2014 . but here ' s my list : * travel 2-3 times out of the country , in enjoyable company * meet in person with my ldr-sweetheart , get to ... i relate to pretty much all of those things listed , except for 5 things + 3 that i'd only relate to at times / depending on the context . those 5 things i certainly do not relate to are : ... animated . i rarely watch tv though , but considering watching a movie or a fav show on tv at times , then my face is def animated , too . i actually prefer to have company while watching something ( eg . a ... 1 . sweet 2 . caring 3 . beautiful 4 . thoughtful 5 . self-controlled 6 . empathetic 7 . creative 8 . neat 9 . organized 10 . sensitive wowww this test is fantastic ! ! ! :p roud : i got infj and it's so very accurtate ! also , the percetage of each function is very close to how i see / perceive myself , too : introverted 73 % ; intuitive 64 % ; ... peace ( and love - both quite on the same level ) isfjs : most prolly because my n function is not fully developed / not strong - i see myself as about 60-65 % a n type , so almost balanced s / n . secondly , because of the influence of my s type parents ... n and f i really love writing lyrics , but it doesn't happen often , because i don't feel inspired enough . my problem with composing lyrics is that i feel like i can't find the right ways and words / lines to ... my best friends ( girls ) are an infj / intj ( maybe balanced f / t ) and a more outgoing istj . i'm much closer to the infj though , because i feel she understand me better ( considering the n function ) and ... def ethical i got life path number 9 - perfectly me ! ^ ^ i hate coffee : frustrating : but i like cats - altho i ain't cats-crazy : laughing : i actually love being on facebook , cuz it's the only place i can meet new people from over-seas with similar interests , via groups and such . i check it daily , but i also don't post status updates or ... although most of it has already been posted , i'll tell you from my point of view ( being that i'm a single infj too ): first of all , i spend most of my spare time at home and online . online / on ... regarding what map said , i also noticed it's hard to motivate myself to start something . i know that once i start it , i tend to finish it , most of the times . however , starting that something is the ... a vision of my future partner and i enjoying spending time together :) 101 lb ( 46 kg ) and i'm 5 ' 2 . 1 . travelling to a nice island / beach or at least to visit my friends from us . either way , i feel the need to travel abroad and change the scenery for a while . wish to chill somewhere like in the pic : ... 1 . love , peace , harmony , the truth , and stability / security are the things i value the most in life . 2 . i have officially recorded a song and plan on recording a couple more inspiring / positive ... top 5 characteristics : * integrity * good manners ( is a gentleman ) * open to talking about feelings and relationships * devoted / comitted * good sense of humour top 5 physical features : * ... yeah , i am a hsp too . i got 20 out of 27 on that test ; i am more emotionally sensitive , but i'm also very sensitive when it comes to strong smells , loud sounds and some clothing textures . alicia keys or beyonce tritype : 9w1 - 2w1 - 4w5 ( 9 2 4 ) and my instinctual variant is sp / sx 10 words of affirmation 8 quality time 5 acts of service 5 physical touch 2 receiving gifts any heavy metal , hard rock , techno , trance , pop-dance ( club music in general , except for a few songs ) . also , some annoying pop-hop tracks of so-called rappers nowadays ( including lil wayne , drake ... i totally know that feeling , it's pretty similar to my story . this guy is , most probably , either an entp or an estp . last year i been through a quite difficult period of time , cause of a rejection . i ... i am a christian ( orthodox ) since birth ( been raised that way ) , but my parents aren't religious people , so we don't go to church on sundays , just on holidays and on special occasions . i'm not a ... personal : hi ! i'm lorena , l connect is my nickname / artist name ( cause i also sing / rap , as a hobby ) , lo , or simply l i got the lconnect nickname from a good friend , who's a hip-hop artist , ... 8-9 i usually don't lie and stay true to myself , too . however , at times , i might say a white lie or say the truth in a diplomatic way , but i def won't lie about anything major / important . '