' very smilish for an intj :) oh , fellow enfps , for some reason , i can't post pictures from my computer here , but it's me on my profile pic . saying hi to all of you . not just stand but really like . i simply seem to get along well with nts . as someone who's neither intp or intj but knows people of both types , i'll just say : just accept your intpness xd look , intjs will rarely suffer that much because they don't have a goal . their ... i must contribute to this beauty of a thread * u * intj : infp : ... lol it's ok , it's not like you're generalizing or something . esfp type most likely to win a nobel peace . isfp type most likely to be a compulsive liar . ever considered fj ? between fp and tj , that's a total win for fp . if i ever do that ? yes . always ? no . it depends on whether what i'm doing is worth hurting someone or not . is that even a f thing ? i know t's that would do it . i think about the consequences of my act ... not accurate , i must say , as an ef . i obey nothing . authenticity is something they value a lot . also , the intps i know find most people stupid , thus they think popular stuff is mostly liked by stupid people . well , i think they have a point . acho que n찾o encontrei porque na verdade eu n찾o estava a procura , eu me juntei ao f처rum para aprender mais sobre o mbti , que me intrigou bastante quando conheci ... mas achei interessante acabar ... yes , observing how people act is a hobby to me . wooo um brasileiro por aqui ? ? n찾o imaginei que encontraria xd do just like the intp . if there is something i learned from always wanting to help people with their issues is that when they can't change their minds , alone time to think about it is the best ... how many languages can you speak / have you learned ? i have learned 4 but i can only speak 3 ... portuguese , spanish , english and i still know a bit of french but ... do you like learning ... i don't mean the emotion ... : shocked : i fit the brazilian personality stereotype , but i know many , many people that don't . most of my friends are thinkers , many are introverted . though being an extrovert here makes things a lot easier ... try to imagine yourself being a colorblind person . there is no possible way you could imagine how it is like to be blue or red . now , going from that perspective , don't you think there might be ... welcome ! what do you mean by extroverted world ? i rather call troll . uuh ... it's hard to explain . sometimes , i'm in a bad mood and people are joking about everything i say . i get mad when i'm not taken seriously and i want to . normally , i'd just joke with them too ... i really get confused over what offends me and what doesn't . sometimes , things that other people might consider little upset me to a high level . and sometimes , people can say all kinds of offensive ... there's this tumblr stuff enfp and intj ( at work ) enfp : how do you uncancel something ? intj : * looks at the screen * the uncancel button right there . * points directly at it * enfp : i'd appreciate it ... yes , a few people can actually understand what's in our minds . that's why we are called weird so many times xd that's ridiculous . how can we have the stereotype of understanding people's ... i don't think people choose to be who they are . at least most of them . i've seen lots of people wanting a type change . but that's not something you can just say i want this one .  ... n is opposed to s and f is opposed to t the same way i is opposed e . those functions are extroverted and introverted , they are opposites . notice that you know s and n are opposites , right ? now ... you can talk to me about whatever you want to sweetheart ! ! : < infps are the kittens and we are the puppies , let's be lovely together and dance ! haha xd to me , usually throwing an object like a pillow on the wall is enough to calm me down . if there aren't any , just breathe deeply . i can easily relax and stop worrying . when the intjs i know are ... yes ! people often mistype me as an entp , because my istj ( yes , complete opposite ) mother made me develop a lot my thinking function . though my thinking function is te and that didn't change on me , ... i've been curious about the possibility of some mental disorders being more frequent in determined types . your areas of psychology are pretty much the subservience of theoretical studies , typical of ... i meant the situation i quoted . he related to ne and ni at the same time . that causes a paradox because they are opposites . you can't be both extrovert and introvert intuitive . about the fi , yes ! ... i also had that doubt before , but after studying a bit more about them , i concluded that there are indeed functions that conflict with each other , and would cause a paradox in a single person . it's ... most intps i know think that they fit in fi descriptions better than fe ones . i know it is you inferior function , but even so . what do you think ? i always thought that people who use fe have a hard ... also clara oswald ( doctor who ) welcome ! what are the areas of psychology you're into the most ? i think routines are so exciting ! omg . this is so interesting . what a lovely human being . i don't think you can't tell what my type is for my favorite characters ... i mean joker joey tribbiani from ... i have better grades on tests if i don't study too hard for them . oh , so there's hope for him ! i'll inform him on the subject , i'm sure he'll be interested . even if romance is not he's reason ( he's aromantic and all ) . i understand you , my female intj friend ... i wonder how long he will take to grow up . he's an adult . if you don't mind , at what age did you start growing up ? apparently , you're different from him . he has emotions but he strongly believes they are not the same from other people . he has been diagnosed a psychopath once , bu he is not . he simply doesn't ... oh no , i'm definitely enfp . ne fi te si that's me . no doubts on that . b ) what activities drain you most ? why ? being social , daily activities , like showering , the dishes etc etc . if being social drains you , you're an introvert . that's all introversion is about ... i'm sorry , i'm having fun . : laughing : okay , now a question for real ( because i'm not always serious ) . some intjs are intrigued about how our feelings are . because apparently some of them can't ... oh yeah , were you being dry and sarcastic when you said you're dry and sarcastic , i forgot to ask . i know . no , you don't . you joke , you are ironic , you don't take everything seriously . isfp i'd say . introvert for sure . '