' it doesn't really sound like you read him wrong . he was probably interested in you , you were interested in him , and now you're just wondering why he didn't set off your scumbag radar since he is ... i'm a musician and i've finally figured out how to just let myself create if i'm feeling bad . it's kind of like coming at the problem sideways . if i land on a riff of a progression i really like , ... he sounds kind of infj , but i'm not sure . if he's infj--yes , you will need to contact him and take on the burden of rekindling your relationship , and no , i don't think he stopped talking to you based ... there is something to be said about accepting your intuition without overthinking it . there have been many times i doubted myself because i didn't want to believe what my intuition was telling me . i ... lol we know how to dish out love and punishment ... whatever you're into ;) some angels carry a sword . 96930 i guess they have to trust themselves to know when to use it . decently normal , well-adjusted human beings = yes , i know in a heartbeat socially awkward , emotionally stunted human beings = ni / ti loop time ... sigh . why do i waste time on the latter ? ? my ... yup . i had an important experience with a good friend ( enfp ) that taught me a lot . she kept flaking out on me so i shut her out of my life . after a year of not speaking , we got back together and it ... i've had that feeling before--that if someone i love hurts me that i must have been lying to myself the whole time and we never really loved each other . i don't know if it's an infj thing or just a ... i'm pretty positive he's an esfp . he's a showman , he craves attention , and he gets bitter when people hog the spotlight . he cries at sad movies but also blurts out really insensitive stuff sometimes ... thank you ! i wondered whether i was reading too much into it , but there were just so many signs . he's socially awkward , though , so maybe that created a misunderstanding . still i can't fathom that ... this guy ( esfp ) and i are in several bands together . i felt like he was developing feelings for me and to be honest i started developing feelings for him too . but i'm married so i knew it wouldn't go ... good question ! i feel like childishness comes and goes with me . i remember being very affected by barack obama's commencement address ( i forget for what college--he did a few that were similar ) when ... i was a creative writing major . i hated it and have avoided sharing my work since . big mistake . if i could go back and do it again i'd continue to subject myself to workshops because it is the only ... just a guess , but i'd check out the enfj profile and see if that fits her . it might help you understand what she's thinking and that it's not a flaw in you . it can just be hard for infjs and enfjs to ... that might be a blessing in disguise ! haha not to be a jerk , but personally i have never gotten along easily with enfjs . the ones i know are too self-absorbed . especially if you're looking for ... that's a tough one . for me , i have two levels . if i'm around people i don't know well , i tend to blurt out something cryptic or provocative or inappropriately dismissive , hoping that the other person ... my problem is i always am looking for how to force a deep conversation to happen by shaping my thoughts and words in a certain way that i think the other person will respond to . it rarely works . so i ... i love m / c questions so much i've written them for a living . it's part of my crusade against poorly worded questions . those are the ones that fail to test knowledge . i actually had to stop ... i never make the first move with friendships , but i always do with romantic relationships . could be partially because i'm a woman , but it's mostly because once i'm romantically interested in someone , ... seems strange he doesn't want to talk about it in person . i know i can't get my fe fix online--i need that face-to-face time . fe and se are pretty much the only treatments i know for infj depression ... i'd say a bad but harmless sj is a miser or curmudgeon or a judgmental gossip . an evil one might be overbearing and abusive . i see the stereotypical overbearing mother as an xsfj and the ... seems to me that infjs are predisposed to being dark , and in my experience , if you do not find a creative way to channel that darkness , it will destroy you . my hatred for humanity isolated me for ... agree with missy 12 . i've gotten more courageous . i was scared of everything in my 20s . now i don't care as much . i just want to accomplish my goals . denasmee my advice is to just try to have ... nope . i hate it too . it's so inauthentic . it feeds into the delusion that every moment of people's boring lives can be instantly classic . i feel the same way about recording apps . hipsters blow ... i have to cop to doing this ! i've been told i say i love you way too fast ( though i generally wait until a relationship starts so as not to creep people out ! ) . but when i feel it , i get it so strong , ... i've only felt chemistry with ss , never ns , maybe because i need someone to balance me out and draw out my se ? i was always was wildly attracted to esxps but those relationships were too unstable ... acerbitas this is someone you've only seen from afar and just have an intuition that she's a really nice person ? if that's the case the only solution is to suck it up and introduce yourself in front ... haha yes ! so true . i always felt kinda creepy doing that , but now i guess i can just chalk it up to my personality ! i also found that when i fell in love , i would want to know all the other person's ... not me . i've never dated more than one guy at the same time . it's not even a morality thing . i just know who i want intimacy with , and once i find that person , no one else will do . infjs value ... concerningyourcurtains it depends ... sometimes infjs are so focused on deep , soul-baring relationships that some of us have a hard time just having a normal friend relationship . i'll be the first ... lol ! ! ! so true ! ! ! mantras are great . the one that helps me most is : there is no such thing as a good person or a bad person . there are only people . and we are all worthy of love . as an infj , when someone does ... yep , total enfj . my sister has that type and we've always fought for this very reason . she wants to sit and obsess over every possible source of her many problems and all i want to do is emphasize ... in appearance ? never . :) this is seriously the best painting / poem / song / blog post that i have ever created .  ... 10 minutes later ... no , wait . this is horrible . i can't show this to anyone . good points , all . i was thinking of it in terms of established , committed relationships ( since we infjs seem to rarely have the casual kind ) , but pre-relationship rejection is an interesting topic ... do you find that you are more often the one who does the dumping in relationships or are you more likely the one to get dumped ? and why do you think that is ? my intuition thinks it already knows ... sai i can totally relate . with anything creative i do , i try to make it more about a universal truth than a specific truth . i want to express myself but not so directly that people will see ... sai haha yes ! i asked it full of fear that you might ask me the same thing ! i'm working on channeling that part of me through music and trying to perform it in front of other people . it is ... what's the darkest thing about you ? and by that i mean what are you most afraid of people knowing about you ? i kinda see it as fs are sensitive people . they are like instruments you barely have to touch to get them to start resonating . ts are more like drums or something you have to really ( sorry this ... yes , this is almost exactly what my father would do to me , though he was mostly verbally abusive . he would only get physical when anyone ( usually my sister ) would outright defy him . after his ... so true ! ! this is so interesting to me . please keep us posted on how this goes for you ! i wish you all the best ! when i first found out about poly relationships , i was intrigued because it appears like it ... just take it easy , because i guarantee you , any game you got going on , she can see right through . she's just too polite to say anything . and if she thinks you're being fake or trying to manipulate ... i'd say 7-9 . to give an example ( but not to start a political argument with anyone who disagrees--i don't want to offend anyone . this is just my personal opinion ) , i'd point to the edward snowden ... nope , as long as you are sharing , he will want to share too . there's nothing more special to me than when someone else discloses something personal and then i disclose something personal in return . ... haha ! i am married to an istj , too , so i can relate . i wish i had another infj to pour out all my feelings to so i didn't exhaust my husband all the time , so consider yourself lucky ! :) yeah she's nervous because you're telling her to stare into your eyes ! haha i don't make a lot of eye contact when i first meet a person--especially a person who is trying to get to know me on a ... '