coffee , candles , hot ! i collect candles and perfume ... must be something about scents . :) i do use my collections though . so maybe the are more of an obsession than a collection . also , i've kept every calender that ... i'm trying to think of one ... i'm sure there are many . but for now i just wanted to say that i am enjoying everyone's stories . :) when i asked my husband of over 15 years i just came right out and said it . he said no way and so we have not yet evolved to that type of relationship . the reasons that i asked were many . ... i don't know what to tell you . i like to pretend that i don't care what people think but the truth is i really do . not enough that it could change me but enough that i want everybody to like me . i just got on gmail chat today . i think i'm behind the times . i get shy , quiet , standoffish , unsociable . all of the words you could use to conger up a shy , insecure person . then , once in a while i get nice , sweet and caring . but only when it comes to those ... the shower is a zone for sure . also driving , walking , trying to watch tv . online for sure . i get so wrapped up in everything and i can take in important / useless information for hours without ... i would not say that i am a bad driver but i am a paranoid driver . i'm constantly on the look out and double checking everything . i'm almost always under the speed limits and i think that i follow ... for sure ! ! my husband and i have been married nearly 16 years . yesterday we decided that we should seperate and start the divorce proceedings . i'm sad , yet i don't know what i am feeling . i know we are ... not me . if you've noticed my posts are always short and usually sweet . limerence ? it has happened to me a few times . i'm lame . that's the only way i can figure out how to post mine . nice font , huh ? lol i can't say that i ever really thought that . what i did / do wonder is why does everyone seem smarter to me ? i want to know everything that everyone else knows . because when i'm not learning about something then i feel bored and restless . honestly , i find comfort in knowledge . i tend to jump from topic to topic . i never stay with one thing until i fully ... looks great to me ! ~ ~ good work ! i am serious ... i suppose i should have told you that i married an esfj ... our exact opposites . where we once may have complimented each others differences now we just get on each others ... the only time that seems to happen is if it is with someone that i'm close too . then i get emotional for a bit before trying to think about it logically . in the heat of the moment though i can ... i really haven't changed much . i do think that i've learned a little about mbti but not nearly as much as i wish to . for now it is enough to satisfy my curiosity . run ! i married an extreme e and now we have so many problems . my advice is to just get away as soon as possible . i find that anything that is mundane is annoying . so yes . i get annoyed by those types of things as well . especially having to pause whatever i'm doing to go to the restroom . accepted ! =) it sounds like anxiety or panic attacks to me . when i have an attack it can render me useless for an hour afterwards . then i forget why or what started it . do you mean something like that ? bummer . do you think it's worth fixing just to trade in or should we just count our loses and buy a different car ? yep . the fluid smells burnt and it seeps right through . i do like art but i lack the motivation to ever create anything . i do enjoy looking / watching / listening to others works though . it's a kia sodona ... apparentl it's the transmission . we just want to fix it enough to trade it in . well i have 3 boys at home , ages 5,9 & 14 . yes . i always feel stressed when we are home all day . it doesn't help that my car broke down 2 weeks ago and i haven't been able to get it fixed . even if ... i'm bored too and nothing is going on in the intp forum . i have lots that i should be doing but i'd much rather sit here and read what everyone else's thought are . my weekend is going to be ... first off ... huge hugs . i don't know what i would do in your situation . i think i would continue on with the meds until you can tell that she is uncomfortable and you can't control the pain any ... i generally either get misjudged as either shy or rude . i think that's due to lack of facial expression . or it coud just be lack of intrest . maybe we need an intp in a relationship with another intp to tell us the difference . i would assume one person would take on the masculine traits while the other would take on the likes of a female . i'd love one please . you pick . i haven't heard of any of those decks . should we ask a question here or pm you ? oh ... & i would love the celtic cross layout . i've had some lesbian encounters in my life but i am definetly straight ... maybe on the kinsey scale a 1 . i like to talk to a few certian people . such as my parents or my bff . i don't mind talking to on the phone as long as it is short and sweet . and if i don't recognise the number i never ... i can't stand when i can only find one shoe . i can't stand when i am late either and i do that all the time . seriously ... i don't really smile as often as most people . i don't care for my smile so i'm self concious of it . sucks . i think so ... trying really hard to get over it though . i like them ... i think they are great ! but i don't wear them at night or anything . you see ... now you got me feeling all emotional . well i'm an intp . and i like you , too ! quills ? as in feathers ? well ... i'm an intp and i have no intrest whatsoever in television . i would say that i probably watch less than 2-3 hours a month . and that is just news and weather . i totally obsess when i find a new topic of intrest ! i would bet a ton of us do that . google is my bff . ambien is fun , isn't it ! ! ? trippy dreams , for sure . but it only last 3 to 4 hours for me so they switched me to lunesta . not really as fun but for sure a better nights sleep . i have benzos and lunesta to take when i can't sleep . it usually helps . if i'm willing to take them . voyager it's just vallium ... haven't you ever taken a vullium ? or a xanix ? i like the xanic better because they are fast acting and the effects wear off way sooner then with vallium . usually if ... i have only 1 close friend . i do wish i had more though . and i probably could if i would just make the effore . but it's hard for me to socialize and make new friends . i'm horrible at it . i have generalized anxiety disorder and i'm sure sad is included in that . it's awful and i feel sorry for anybody else who suffers from it . i have medication to take but really ... who wants to be ...