as i was walking out of the women bathroom at work another lady was going in . i wanted to warren her about the stench because the fat b who went in before me stunk the whole place up and i wished ... look at it this way . instead of thinking of it as masquarading , think of it as showing your different sides . i dont masquarade or fake who i am . i simpley have many side to my personality , many ... im three weeks late . point acknowledged . well , either way it would be very to the point , quick and effective , and in my opinion less painful in the long run . i think i have a friendship like yours . except i suspect i am the friend that is being dumped . i think you need to appologize for being fake and dishonest . i think that kind of stuff is weird and maybe a little cult like . oh wow ... sorry , i couldn't even make it through the first 2 minutes . the intro music in the first 30 seconds was pretty , though habanero jack ... yum . now * that * is serious cheese . wait ... what kind of cheese are we talking about ? sarah's key the boy in the striped pajamas both of those were really good * * * sad * * * movies . i sounds silly , but i always enjoyed taking public transit with my mom . maybe you could buy a day pass and take a tour of the city . make a few little stops here and there , like to the library , grab ... i dont think i would ever enjoy going to the supermarket . honestly i cant even imagine it . ryan purse slinger confidence low high 20 openness how many options can you have in a poll ? how about starting a new thread and do 3 - 4 year intervals , with > 18 on the low side and 50 < on the high . mental age , probably 18 . metabolic age , 21 . realy age , soon to be 31 . thank you for the reply and also for the correction of what word to use . i've always sucked and grammar , spelling too , may possibly have dislexia or some related ld . whew ! ! ! i only had 5 ... thats not too bad , eh ? wait , scratch that ... hahaha ... i read insincerity as insecurity . im not insincer . so actually , i only had four i selected lying and manipulation ... whiskey lullaby remix it was way too long for my attention span . though , i may take it again after i've had my cup of coffee . * hi im new * * you can love me anyway * i would like to get a box full of their favorit things ( kind of like on oprah but to a smaller scale ( no , im not a fan of oprah ) ) , and a letter explaining each ... hypothetically speaking , how would bipolar effect typing in an infj person . if the main dysfunction is dysphoric mania including persecutory delusions how would / could this cause mistyping ? too ... this thread is fun to read - random interjection , never mind me . its hard for me to imagine knowing someone better than they know themself . interesting ... from another thread i was read i linked over to this test : and got esfp . i kind of thought the test sucked , but was still shocked because never ... woah ... i took that test and got esfp . never before on any other tests have i ever gotten s or p . this particular test doesn't hold much weight with me . edit : the only thing close on this ... really ? a rule of no signatures ? that is weird . i dont think being a christian has much to do with monogomy or everlasting love ... ... also interesting how the woman to man ratio world wide is way skewed to the mans favor . hmm , ok . could you , without too much time put into it , give a link to such a discussion ? are there certain mistypings that are more common ? ? ? ? i want me an intp e4 trapped in a fucking mess ... hopeful . silver linings - absolutely hilarious . i loved how when the two main charactors met their first convo was about which meds they were both on . yeah , i knew every single one . : crazy : heart-achy here also . i opened up to a good friend who i've had a long time crush on . he very respectfully shut down any possibility of anything happening between us . though , he said he still wants ... i am the highway love love boxers . they are goofy , loyal , and protective . rats are surprisingly affectionate . fish are cool to watch with multi colors as they swim back and forth like living art . dear everyone who helps run pc thank you for this place . thank you for the resources . im excited to start my membership here . im still confused as to whether or not this is a support forum ...