' why not how do girls like to be flirted with ? instead ? honestly , smile . that is how guys should flirt with a woman . then say something private , a joke or a comment , that requires you to whisper ... and this is why i moved out of my apartment into a one-bedroom home a mile deep in the bush in the middle of nowhere . neighbours ? no thank you . and you're not a freak at all . hated my noisy ... i'd want to take a step back and ask why she thinks love is only love if it lasts forever in some sort of commitment ? love is fluid . intangible . unpackageable . you can't say i love you therefore ... i love it . in the worst way . it's like the perfect motivation to me , to be told i can't do something or won't achieve something . all of my best successes are because someone said i couldn't do it . i ... my fave is an old movie , something i've seen a hundred times and don't actually have to watch to know what's going on . coupled with crawling into bed , under my down comforter , temps turned down low ... huh . always thought it was a bad experience that made me think i'm not deserving of the love i receive ... yet maybe it's actually an infj thing ! yippee ! i'm not messed up , i'm just me ! ;) honestly , ... bachelor's in agriculture . and i work in networking professionals in public health . go figure ... i hate conversations . : p a thread on the infj forum made me realize that my type is kinda ... easygoing about proposing . straight forward , ask the question , take whatever response you get . was wondering what infps do for ... like the rest , alcohol and the right people ( won't drink with folks i don't trust ) and i'm a riot ! bouncing off walls ( and playing soccer barefoot in a dress in an empty field at night ... ) , if i'm ... extrovert friend calls : friend : blah blah blah me : < puts phone down . cleans apartment > . completely ! what else happened ? friend : blah blah blah me : < i should probably be listening ... but ... oh us and our doorslam . yeah , been there . and yes , it sucks when you do it to someone you love , and you know you're doing it , you know you're being a douche by doing it , but you just.can ' t.help.it . ... never engaged , never proposed . almost proposed to my ex ( obviously that didn't work out ) . it was actually the clue to me that it was time to end it ... 8 year anniversary of dating , right on a leap ... typically , silence is a'okay . it's kinda pleasant . let's you think . i've had a couple of those awkward ones , that were a whole new level , when you realize it's quiet because you're both wanting to ... my home is a custom-designed 2 story house on 10 acres of woods , 5 acres of pasture . house is nestled in the bush , 1/4 mile down a winding driveway . i designed it myself , drew all the plans , built it ... elliott , find yourself an infj ; ) we're all about empathy , and the moment you're sad , we're sad . ditto on the happy ! really , i love my infp man . and don't think he's feminine in the slightest . his ... so question ... do infps typically initiate sex or wait for their partner to give them the go-ahead ? and on the same note , how important is sex to an infp ? is it like ' nice to have , but i'm happy ... here's my question ... in an emergency situation , do most infj's turn into : - take-charge save the day folks - omg it's horrrible < panic and run about > - < blank stare of frozenness > - tell me what ... what ? ! the gaming subculture guys can really rock ! i'm a tall slender young attractive woman who just happened to tell her man last night : you know i'm really glad you turned out to be geekier then ... how the hell do you know when you've found the one ? ! seriously , what are the markers of that woman compared to all the other woman ? and when you've figured this out , how long do you wait to be ... funny , i always thought it would have been harder had it been shorter ... mainly because a decade is plenty of time to see all the failings , all the it never would have worked , the worst of ... aww , <hug> it sucks . trust me , 11 year relationship = life lesson on love . breaking up sucks , and worse when you had plans in your head about how awesome the future would be with that person . it's ... seriously , i'm a woman and i confuse myself , lol . i always tell my man that i could never date a woman because we're so freaking confusing . and he tells me he could never date a man because they're ... touch is # 1 .  ... but to touch means we're together ( which covers quality time ) and to touch is to speak without saying a word ( words of affirmation ) . so technically i need all three , but touch ... i'm the same way , and have to say , kinda always have been ( more so now that i'm more aware of my emotions ) . i can honestly say , when something is on my mind and i haven't resolved it , i'm up and ... haha , yeah . it's strange how you can be socially nice to folks , carrying on a conversation while your brain screams i don't care ! would you please just shut up so i can get back to my thoughts ? ! ... as an infj , i'm all about the future and planning and daydreaming about what i want later in life . the here and now , meh , it's happening so there's not much i can do with it , but if i get doing the ... i gotta admit , i sure do ! in hindsight , i probably am rather lucky that my infp found it bemusing and rolled with it ! i like a good deal of sarcasm and wit and banter in a conversation with someone i ... haha , yes to all three ! i actually smashed into a clothing rack at the mall the other day and burst out laughing . people just stared like a grew a fourth head : p is it weird how much we think ... omg ! my infp , except he's not in the military but is in a position of leadership and power ! super strong willed and authoritative at work , and comes home as the deepest , artistic , creative soul i ... oddly i'm partially with john.thomas , even though i'm not depressed . i think infjs are happiest making others happy , so i'm kinda living to make the people in my life proud of me , and develop a ... ditto over here . the more i love someone , the more cautious i become about screwing something up ! first meeting someone i'll be totally me and then as we get to know each other , i become more ... every event is different , but i've always cried a lot . i cried in front of my boss the first time because our work group was bickering and he wanted us to talk it out . i'm not good with that sort ... over the relationship and the person fast ? yes . soon as i knew it had no where to go , and as soon as we made that decision , i was over it . easy as that . to be honest , i was back in the game within ... i posted recently on the infp forum trying to see how my strong emotions might affect my so ... and the responses really got me thinking that i cry way too much . my emotions just get the better of ... <sigh> that's exactly what i fear he'll think ( or already thinks but doesn't tell me ) . : sad : the hardest part , is that for me , it makes sense . as weird as that sounds . it's not being off for ... alone time = just being and doing the things that i love , that no one feels the same way as i do about . a chance to reflect and dream without interruption . a chance to reengergize and place aside ... it's really come to my realization recently , that i often feel a disconnect in my relationship without necessarily being able to logically say something is wrong . i noticed that i'll pick up a ... been dating an infp for awhile , and i'm an infj . he is spectacular , and truly the love of my life . something about the ability of an infp to perceive emotional struggles within an infj and slowly ... i'm right on the same page as you here . i think because we're exceptionally emotional people , driven by our emotions and even more so by what our emotions are perceiving around us , we often allow ... not an infp , but magdalenna , i'm an infj dating an infp for a reasonable length of time , who sounds awfully similar to yours in many ways ( though we haven't been married for 10 year ! ) . two things ... that is the key ! if these people are draining you , then they're not that special person for you ! i remember being on dates and trying not to yawn because i was mentally exhausted with ... it's personal opinion , but i couldn't do this . a big chunk is because i * know * that it would allow my partner to be polyamorous too , and well , i'm a jealous possessive type ( in a gentle passive way ) ... i can totally see where you're coming from , and have to say that i went through a period of massive dating and it opened my eyes to one things : be picky . we really relate easily to everyone , and as ... i feel for you . i always ( often ? ) feel this way when around new people . outside my key group of friends , and even sometimes within that key group . i never feel like my stories are actually ... love it ! i'm in an fe + fi loop and this is exactly what it's like ! i just want him to know how happy i am , and he's all happy that i'm happy ( he likes hearing it because he really only knows for ... i wouldn't say aggressively ... but i love debate . and i love finding underhanded ways to undermine or insult indirectly the person whom i'm debating , to beat down their confidence and give me the win ... wow . vivid sunset , i actually stopped for a second and wondered if my bf had found my thread online ! ! : blushed : it was like actually having this conversation about layer with him ( which i haven't had ... i should probably say , that the two face title was to draw attention : blushed : not meant in the negative way it can be misconstrued . reading the responses , i think it's helping to see the ... almost instantly upon that first touch ( hug , hold hands , whatever ) . not there , i'm just not interested , because my emotions are tied really closely to my physical being . as we went to hug on our ... oh dear . as an infj , i'm going to say that it's not your unreliability that she was frustrated with . at least , in these same scenarios ( been there ) i would have behaved very similarly in the past ... '