' i'm not sure about a method for picking out infj musical artists , but i have another name to throw into the cauldron : jon crosby , singer songwriter for vast . additionally , he strikes me as 4w5 on ... thatoneweirdguy are you refering to the op , the video i posted , or both ? you didn't specify . dario nardi's eeg tests continuing to bear fruit : arclight there's really no need for this argument to have started up as it seems you've misunderstood the point i was trying to make . i only mentioned type % estimates in passing because i didn't ... i know you're being tongue and cheek , but i'll answer seriously anyways : as geekofalltrades mentioned , the sample sizes for determining type percentages are questionable . however , even if infj's ... no , i don't eat . i photosynthesize : crazy : well , the kind of processes / events that are necessary for someone to undergo a dramatic change are usually of an intensely personal nature so i wouldn ’ t expect many people to post their stories on an ... 38738 how does it feel to have him in your camp bro ? : tongue : anyways , what is everyone's take on zelda in skyward sword ? seems more like an extravert this time around . enfp or enfj ? ... sure , the internet has a four letter code : porn . kidding aside , i really don't think the entirety of the internet could be categorized by any kind of typology ; it's just too diverse . maybe some ... i'd tell you not to envy us , but truth be told i've been known to envy you extraverts for having certain traits that i lack ( seriously , you guys make conversations with strangers , and sometimes just ... cactus_waltz berates someone for saying okay . tells them to never say it again ... berated person : i hope you've never used this as a pick-up line on a girl before ... this is also one of my favorite movies ! that said , it's been awhile since i've seen it in it's entirety , so take my typology guesses with a grain of salt . balian - istp ( his strict adherence to ... upon returning to his thread , the op's thoughts went thusly : i wasn't talking about fruit ! ! ! oooh , fate / stay ; one of favorites ! i concur with your ost choice for 147 swordsman of mana . i had that one looped on youtube for the longest time , as it's my personal fave ( which is saying a lot , ... estj esfj istj ... entp enfp intp ... entj enfj intj ... this should go without saying , but no offense is intended by any of these . it's all in good fun : estp ... ^ this ( with the exception of enjoying sitcoms ; i generally find them to be tacky :-P ) . trust me , i'm about as introverted as they come , but also undoubtedly a so dom . more specifically , being ... possibilities for 147 :  ... glad to know i'm not the only one that picked up on some of his annoyances . people like to portray him as having immaculate patience , but seriously , in modern vernacular he'd be like omfg , when is ... prior to reading this response i was planning on going into detail regarding jungian archetypes and whatnot , as well as encourage you to examine what is currently going on in your life in order to ... this all reminds me of another thread awhile back : promethea's response pretty much sums up how i feel ... this thread is becoming all kinds of awesome : nerdy cod talk - check infj man-love - check intj disturbed by infj man-love - check classic intj shameless self-promotion - check ( pulls up ... i'm chillin ' in antarctica ... cuz that's just how i roll . ( p . s . anybody want to come visit me ? ) one word : yes : tongue : as for why , that can depend a lot on the situation and / or the persons involved . in a nutshell , it has to do with being really careful not to hurt other peoples feelings . ... well , seeing as how i live in sd , making it should be no problem . : happy : count me in ! ( just don't count on me wearing purple ... ) yup . only an infj would be backwards enough to repeatedly run away from a palace full of treasures and concubines to contemplate the suffering of the world : crazy : 1w2 male infj's are rare ? how do you figure ? yeah , i started analyzing philosophers by cognitive function preference after a discussion in my ' modern philosophy ' class regarding the role of family background , temperament ( in a general sense of ... there's a really strong internet consensus that plato was infj , and my own reading of him leaves little to no doubt of that in my mind . his fe is most apparent in ' the republic ' when he compares the ... probably the best way to get in touch with se is to meditate . of course , it isn't the meditation itself that is stimulating se , but that doing so quiets down our overactive ni enough that we can ... damn , you beat me to it ! : frustrating : guess the only thing i have to add is that the infj condition of feeling misunderstood ( though being type 4 is probably a contributor too ) and the general ... ohtomicho , this wisdom was bestowed upon me after some crazy antics of mine went down in another thread . i feel the time has come to pay it forward ... ... hey man , i've kept an eye out on these folks , but i still haven't seen them typed ( except for spielberg , though some claim he reported himself to be isfp , others say he's enfp , so i dunno ) . wish i ... random results is right , but it was still helpful ! it's funny , because i remember a thread from a long time ago about ' infj mascots ' and how i wished ours was a phoenix instead of a dolphin ; so i ... sooo , when is this thread gonna be stickied ? : mellow : good timing on this thread , cuz i was actually thinking of changing my avatar soon : shocked : i'm open to suggestions ... ( p . s . aspera , your new ' avie ' is awesome ! ) just gotta say , i love yall's nerdiness ! i feel right at home in this thread :p roud : games : zelda , zelda , zelda ( i just love me some zelda ) metroid prime trilogy left 4 dead ( 1 and 2 ) halo ... hey karyssa : happy : daveman is right , the numbers don't mean that much in the end ; it's all about the cognitive functions : ... confirmed = non-contraversial : wink : we most certainly can and do make great philosophers ( especially those who have a well developed ti ) . ni is where it's at for seeing the big picture , then fe channels our focus towards those ... what this thread has turned into : on a more constructive note , i think cedric diggory was istp ( and a total bamf at that ) . oh , is that what they call it these days ? : tongue : and nottie , i am winning , but not without considerable detriment to my own sanity : crazy : i don't know whether or not you're including me in the group of people whom you think implied sj's blindly follow tradition . if so , then you misunderstood me and i feel i should clarify things a ... too late , i'm already on a drug . it's called ... charlie sheen ! speaking of ' dirtius thougticus lobes , ' didn't it sound like that dude was getting off to the double rainbow ... or was that just me ? : unsure : perhaps the better question is : how are we not weird ? :d ry : i say that in jest , however , there's a good deal of truth to it . if it were possible to boil down our uniqueness to just one source it ... '