' but i do care . people have different opinions . accept it not everyone believes the same as you do there are people who oppose the action of homosexuality , and thats their choice you are ... i did not say gay people are evil . i just said the actions are immoral . i am in no place to judge people . yes gay people commit suicide and that is awful , but other groups do so just as much ... i did respond to your post on that thread , i just forget to qoute you please dont make assumptions about me evil , like me meeting the love of my life - my actual mate in this world - at the age of 39 and following through by getting emotionally , spiritually and sexually involved with and committed to ... just because the world is evil doesnt mean it didnt used to be . theres still hope and a lot of good people please stop being so cruel this is exactly the kind of immorality im talking about ... : happy : : happy : i dont know what you mean by this , but it seems like you care and are not trying to insult me i was just stating my viewpoints . it really hurts me that some people would call me crazy just ... did i post on gay people's pages telling them my opinion ? no , i didnt . i posted on my own page and i only mentioned it because i wanted to find like minded people in this world because i feel sad ... [ quote = aquarian ; 3995869 ] wait , wait ... what ? how did we gay people get to be part of this discussion ? leave us out of this mess ! ( edited to add : oh , i see . i would like to mention that i had to ... there are people who do believe that i never said there are people who dont i know there are people who believe my views on this are immoral i disagree . animals have emotions and thoughts and choices , the only difference between people is that animals's souls are able to sustain themselves but people need god's breath in order for their ... i want to see who sees the same way i do if you know its wrong but dont care , yes but if were talking about the action than the action no matter what is a sin but the person or animal themselves are not sinners unless they realize its ... true . im ok with being friends with all kinds of people but if they follow ways that they have different views than i have im still friends with them but im not friends with them in the way i ... i am open minded i just love the truth i dont like immorality i dont judge people i discern viewpoints judging is saying youre evil and i cant stand being around you but discerning is saying ... they chose to do that true to the farmers market and shopping there and planting , but im just really lonely . its not that i need people to affirm my views . its just i want a friend / companion to help me along the path ... it may seem like im being dictating , but im looking at it from an idealogical perspective instead of a practical one im not saying we should make people do this . im saying in an ideal world ... true , its just that i feel stuck in a world i view as evil im a moral absolutist and i just want to be around morality america is decent compared to other places . im not a comparer though , i think in isolated terms so im the kind of person that would rant about america for two pages one day then rant about worse ... thank you very much . yes they did specialize in drugs : happy : im glad you found someone good . i didnt intend this to mean all of them , just the ones who are like that . much love to you and i hope you are better now ! : happy :: happy : true . im not really seeing them now , just reflections on the past ok i believe in conspiracies im spiritual creative i like creative and spiritual things ( art , poetry , literature , history ) i study secrets of the universe , conspiracies , govt conspiracies ... i do believe in god and the bible though and he judges us on right and wrong i wasnt talking so much about the moral status of people , but of the moral status of actions like the actions of being ... i dont base my morality off the bible . i base my morality off of truth , love , and morals . the bible just helps open our eyes along the way . im not opposed to not using the bible per se , just ... religious ? hmmm . not neccesarily , but i do believe in god . i can guess you can call me spiritual , but just because im spiritual doesnt mean im close minded enough to automatically reject the ... i agree . enemies within the camp . its shocking at first , until you realize things like that happen all the time . enemies within the camp . its like when people say i cant believe someone like ... there are people who admit to being members of the illuminati . maybe us conspiracy theorists wouldnt believe in it as much , if the illuminati didnt go boasting around the internet about the ... man , are you ok ? you seem a little upset ? =) thanks . im ok , im just going through my own issues right now . emotional but not spiritual , still ... its true people can use morality for evil , but thats not the fault of morality , in fact its the fault of immorality distorting and twisting morality to use for its own purposes ( the forces of evil ... missali contact me , i know how it is to feel all alone with seemingly no one on our side dont think like that though . good always wins in the end . there are many on the bad side , dont you think ... disagree completely . its very judgmental to automatically assume something is a delusion just because it doesnt seem real . i though us infjs were beyond that , i thought we were supposed to ... if you dont protect yourself youll be unsafe , but if you find good ways to protect yourself and help humanity in a way that wont attract so much danger , youll live . i would say you just need to ... you sound like every istp ive ever met . critical jerk who believes that anything outside of their narrow little atheist worldview and cute little dawkins textbook is a myth and fantasy . too close ... i dont ask for much just someone to deeply love and someone who deeply loves someone who still is a good person , and has their childlike innocence who does the moral thing . seems simple right ? ... theres nothing wrong with that . naive ? ive seen death . im not naive . i know many things about this world , secrets they dont want you to know . im the farthest thing from naive but have i ... i hate moral relativism . we should all just love eachother and do the moral thing , we shouldnt go around killing people and then use politics as an excuse . i believe politics is probably a trick ... pro life . definately . i love everyone and i hate for something to be hurt , including unborn babies i respect womans right to choose as long as it doesnt interfere with an unborn babies right to ... i hate when arrogant , condescending people look at you when you're upset , and instead of being all kind and angelic like its ok buddy , ill make it ok they act like arrogant jerks and theyre ... i . love . you i despise emotionless , materialistic , apathetic heartless fiendery definately ifj f cares about emotions and morality and love j is a very morally exclusive worldview , so it would be one that clearly has enemies and does not believe that anything goes . ie , ... i was at one my whole life until february . im now at a very dark phase and probably at 6.88 ... close to 7 but definately not there , way more positive than 7 but way more negative than 6 please i ... wed make good actors , but a lot of us find the glitz and glam of hollywood somewhat reprehensible morally ... id love to put on a play with fellow sane people though ! not implying i myself am ... i dont neccesarily have a goth phase , but i am going through a phase right now where i desire to start my own gothy-ish band , trying but cant play the guitar and everyone i know embraces some ... fires open up their mouth and spill their wicked flames the earth consumes her children in a fit of evil rage but lose all of your fear and trust the heart of he who made you the fires shall no ... '