' started learning how to surf a few months ago ! :D friend : ( insert complicated solution to a problem here ) me : why don't you just do this ? friend : why do you always have to one-up me with a simpler solution ? or friend : damn , the ___ isn't ... thought it'd be nice to have a spot to share pics or descriptions anything you've been working on or completed , big or small . doesn't matter if you built a house or cooked a bomb-ass grilled cheese ... it's actually an entry level youth development program through the state , so there isn't any prior experience to join . their separation rate is pretty high though as well . not many stick around for ... aw that's a shame . no national parks or forests around there ? and yeah i've had a fun time at this job . gotta leave and go back to school this summer though . i work for my state ... i work for my state conservation corps . it's pretty much istp heaven . we do labor contracts for the forest service , state parks , national parks , caltrans , calfire , dwp , etc . i get to do cool shit ... work hard , play hard !  we're supposed to be big ? haha what made you think that ? welcome btw ! i'm 5 ' 5 and 160lbs . i guess i'm semi-big since i gained 15lbs of muscle over the summer . o . o we had a base camp where we built a latrine , but finding places to cathole while hiking or at work was a bitch , yeah . haha . we could use tp though ! bitches i'm back ! didn't just survive the program , i fuckin ' thrived doing that shit . dealing with my crew wasn't that bad at all either . i miss the mountains already . :( just spent the last 5 months living and working in the mountains , buildin ' trail ! ... yeah that could be true too , haha . and yeah i'm not sure why it's not more popular . i only knew about it because i signed up for email updates from americorps . actually , nope ! it wasn't a ... thank you for the well wishes guys . :D nope - i'll still have my own tent , so one could quietly manage to do that i believe . :p got my specific assignment today . i'm going to be a trail worker in ... thank you ! :) oh , one other thing though--nothing romantic / no sex for 5 months . that i'm going to have a problem with ... lol . thank you for the advice ! yeah apparently must of the alumni ... for the most part , i love it . i like feeling ... useful i guess . downsides ? not being able to really fit into a society that's seemingly made for xxxj's . and also , how much effort it takes to ... this is pretty long , but i love it so fucking much . x93one final paragraph of advice : do not burn yourselves out . be as i am - a reluctant enthusiast ... a part-time crusader , a half-hearted fanatic ... just thought i'd share this with you istpers--i just got accepted into this program , where i'll live and work in the mountains ( in a tent ) for 5 months with a crew of 12-17 people , doing hard trail ... the topic kinda came up in the feels through music thread . so what's your soft spot that gets your lacrimal glands going ? or for those who refuse to ever shed a tear , what makes you feel strong ... here's one song that kinda invoke some feelings solely from music itself , rather than it being attached to a certain memory by association . it's in japanese and i have no idea what the fuck the ... has there been a things that make you cry thread yet ? haha i guess i meant that we sort of have atypical emotional tendencies . being moved by music isn't inherently strange , but i'm not sure how many people that are moved by music are also pretty emotionless ... affected by music ? add me to the list . i remember mentioning in another thread that music is one of the few things that can really get my emotions going . anywhere from that weird happy feeling i get ... i play a few instruments and do graphic design for a living . i also can draw , but the last major portrait i made was a couple of years ago . i've never taken an art class and never was trained as a ... the se genres you had listed ( dubstep , house , edm ) have more obvious and steady rhythms , usually 120bpm , which is the most danceable tempo . i think that's why you associated them with se but ... yeahhh , i'm not fond of all the se choices either . particularly dubstep . eek . early dubstep sounded alright to me , but i find most of it to just be kind of ... nauseating ? i like random things ... 1 . working part-time as a graphic designer , also self-employed doing random freelance work ( alyssa moreno | designer if you need anything ;) ) 2 . free time = read random shit on the internet , learn ... welp , i fucking hate writing ... pretty much in all forms except conversations ( posts / chats ) . though , when i do write , i'm apparently excellent at it . i wouldn't say i'm noncommittal ... just very guarded . when i love someone , i really fucking love them . i'm just very , very wary of having my loyalty exploited , so i keep people at a distance until i ... do what you can , with what you have , where you are . - teddy roosevelt this . apparently i'm missing # 2 , which means i lack diplomacy and i need to learn to work behind-the-scenes .. which is bs because i'm actually a very diplomatic person that hates being in the ... i have a fwb ( that happens to be hispanic , haha ) that i'd see on and off for almost 2 years , and we'd see each other ever 4 - 8 weeks because we're both broke and live quite far apart . i have a high ... haha i don't know what to say about it . it's fun , and i crave it a lot ? eh , lol . i don't know about you guys , but i'm not a fan of dancing . i think there's only one or two times in my life that i can think of that i went dancing and enjoyed it . the friends that went with me those ... guilt does nothing for me . when i think of all the bad shit that might happen i just shrug it off . i have too much of that i don't give a fuck attitude . guilt works a little better when other ... i love dogs . i feel like i can understand them pretty well--probably more so than people . i think i'm drawn more to them then they are to me , haha . the dog might be curious about you because ... i may superficially seem like an adrenaline junkie , and i've thrown the term around to describe myself jokingly since i'm into snowboarding , mountain biking , rock climbing and the like , but i am ... you must be a pretty functional stoner then . i'm jealous , haha . everything's more interesting for me too but i'm pretty useless once i'm stoned , unless i'm doing something physically active ... one day , when i'm not a broke-ass , i'll get my ar - 15 . i wanna capitalize on my random knack for shooting that i just discovered when my dad and uncle took me to the range . :D w00t ! glad someone else understands the feeling ! haha . i feel like i fall less when i'm going while stoned . at the same time i can take in the scenery and appreciate the beauty of the outdoors in a ... geeking out for the doctor who 50th , har har . haha sorry for the ultra late reply ! this is actually in the san bernardino forest , near holcomb valley . :) ... i smoke basically every night from a nice , tall bong when i'm done for the day . i don't smoke in the day unless i'm doing something active . weed + snowboarding / rock climbing / mountain biking = ... habits ? what habits ? i sleep whenevs . random ! well , this is an old thread but i'm down to talk about sex . not sure how to start though . er , sex is fun ? me hiking out from a rock climbing trip on the weekend . :) and some pov shots from my gopro , because they're stereotypically ... no problem . :) i accept them reluctantly , haha . well , now i learned to just say thank you instead of coming up with reasons why i don't deserve a compliment . and i rarely give any ... hm . i can't really relate to any of this . i think most of the traits and characteristics you're describing aren't solely caused by , er , istpness . maybe he's a narcissist ? just throwing things out ... ignorance . arrogance . general douchebaggery . lack of spontaneity . stubbornness . you never know man . i've perfected the art of acting like i'm fine when i'm fucking dying inside . fuck studying . :) '