well , hello ! :) :) i'm horrid with managing passwords and accounts , lol . so , i think i do have an idea ... hehe . : tongue : : laughing : anyway , i have a bestie who's infj ( like your profile says you ... lol ! ! ! that's what i was thinking ! ! ! xd man , jungle book's the best ( well , one of the best , but still ... ) . seriously though , i get too nostalgic over my childhood , so if you're going to bring ... ajaz you could be a black panther ( also called black jaguar ) - because they're super cool animals ! : tongue : really , you should look them up if you don't think they're amazing yet ( they were also ... thank you so much ! :) :) i think you're cool too ; for stopping by , thank you ! do you know what your enneagram tritype is ? : tongue : if you're busy , don't worry about answering or replying to this , ... i used to feel like i failed somehow whenever that kind of thing happened , because i felt like i misunderstood their ' innate-self ' all that time and basically just screwed up on my relationship ... my word ... : confused : : tongue : i tend to overly-over-overthink things ( and then freak out , ) ( & later freak out more ... ) , so yes , totally , i apologize waaay too much . xd if my words were in a ... that's cool stuff to write ! : tongue : you should keep practicing ! :) ) ) at this point ... psychological / mysteries , steampunk-styled-sci-fi , and fantasy with historical aspects ( you could say ... my word i want one so bad ! my neighbor had four and never gave me one , meh ! then i moved and i miss her cats ... no jk , i miss her too . xd tell me about your cat ... ? :) :) :) : kitteh : i wanted a kitten , but ended up with a puppy instead ; and the love unexpectedly crept up on me . he gets separation anxiety and it's so tragically adorable . ; ; :D honestly , i don't think ... exactly ! i know how that is . once , as a little kid , i got this huge purple ball . i took it home and put it in my bed with me . that night i fell out of bed and hit my head on my nightstand . i had to go get ... ggaaahhh ! ; - ; lol , now i'm sad . hello ! :) for me it was when i remembered that my drawing got water all over it when i was four ( i was eleven when i remembered , ) and suddenly i felt like crying about it again ( and i kinda ... thank you very much ! :) :) i notice you have an obsession with cats . did this have something to do with your childhood ? welp , reading is good no matter what genre it is ( except teen-supernatural-romance , that's just cheesy ... is there any genre that you don't like ? ) . anyway , i'm sure you'll find someone if you ... cool hobbies ! :) sorry for the delayed reply . classes , bleh ! i write anything from poetry to fiction to educational articles ... whatever catches my eye . i'm scattered that way . what did you used to ... an owl ! :) because i'm a night-owl and because they're really cool ( also , i love owl city's music ) . i'd like to be able to read late into the night without hurting my eyes too . i know birds can't ... well , try it . find out . make up your own mind . : wink : love is risk . <3 tanstaafl 28 ah ... did this work ? if so , then thanks ! :) ... okay , it did . : happy : believe me , i'm exactly the same way . :P it's a curse yet a blessing somehow . and it is nice when people will listen without interrupting , isn't it ? ! :) i mean , i don't want to talk the whole time ... i replied , but i don't think you get notified unless i quote you , lol . :) so look for the reply on here . i replied , but i don't think you get notified unless i quote you , lol . :) so look for the reply on here . thank you ! :) well ... i actually haven't noticed caffeine having any effect on my sleeping habits anymore ( although it used to ; i guess i've grown immuned to it ? is that possible ? or would i need to ... your optical-allusion avatar is amazing , lol . what do you like to read ? i'm mostly into sci-fi and mystery . i like spooky mystery stories and steampunk novels . and i like classic literature . do you ... mr . cafebot , you absolutely rule . : cool : and you have a lovely family ! hello there ~ ! yes , you there . enfp 4w5 at your doorstep ; may i come in and be your conversation buddy ? : wink : don't know what to say ? why , i can fix that . just ask any question . here , i'll ask ... aww thanks ! :D it helps to have people who are so nice and supportive . : tongue : thanks . : tongue : hmm ... i want to be able to travel a lot and help people , and share my beliefs ( i said share them , not force them , just so you know . ) :) :) : tongue : well , sorry for this boring ... lol . : tongue : that's just how i was at one point . just have to make a list , weigh the pros and cons ( use the process of elimination , ) and hopefully you'll end up where you want to be . xd :) and ... i want to be a missionary doctor . :) :) i've been studying it , and i'm very passionate about it as it combines most of my interests ! : tongue : anyway , i hope you find what you're looking for in a ... sounds like a good dream . ;) : tongue : that sounds like a lot of fun . yeah , i know right ? : tongue : writing is one of my fav hobbies . whoaaa ... that is just awesome . : tongue : nothing else to say . you are awesome . if you were on a super-human war , would you be on my side ? yeesh , how do you even think of these things ? too many ... that doesn't make any sense ... oh but wait .. ( there is secretly no such thing as sense , i forgot . ) : tongue : what ? ! aww ... how dare you . : tongue : sorry for a late response , by the way . : tongue : : starbucks : okay i guess i'll have to give you a coffee to get my army back ( but do i have a trick up my ... true . ;) ;) :) but i wasn't really comparing the negatives . more like ... responding to that one person's comment in a joking manner . : tongue : both types are pretty awesome . :D well , then i will give your # 5 power for you . hehe ... :) ) ) your # 5 power is a shield which prevents you from having powers ! xd what have you to say to that ? : tongue : awesome ! :D join our non-existent club . are you on the side of cats or dogs ? : tongue : edit : you probably have no idea what i'm talking about ... aww man ! well ... i died ... but wait ! ! ! did you forget ? while we are on this thread of superpowers , we still have all our powers . you remember the witches who brought my cats back to life ? well , ... but the fact remains that my evilness is more unpredictable . mwuaha ! :) ) ) ( note : reality doesn't exist ! there is only ... imaginations and illusions . ) just because your more professionally qualified than me doesn't mean your the only evil doctor of doom around these parts . ;) i do have 55 phds , 62 psyds , and 87 peds ( doctor of professional ... lawyers ? ? ? ! ! oh ... so are we being all diplomatic and lawful now ? : kitteh : : woof : or can i unleash my eliminater ? : exterminate : hmm , i do so love a good dual . : tongue : or we can just all ... you mortals cannot understand . it is all a conspiracy theory ! ! ! : exterminate : oh no ... : shocked : you're secretly the pied piper and he secretly plays a violin instead of a flute ! ! ! : violin : : tongue : hmm , there is no guarantee that your lemmings won't be overcome by their ... nooo ! wait for me ! oh wait . i can fly nevermind . :) :) :) :) :) i'll take up my death ray into the air and exterminate the dogs . : exterminate : : woof : : woof : : whoa : : kitteh : : kitteh : : kitteh : may ... oh no ! ! ! we have a swapper - how entirely evil you are ! yes we will make an amazing team . : crazy : : typingneko : yep , you quoted perfectly . :) ) ) an odd compliment for me to say , but oh well ... anyway , no i love it when people gush . posts are so much better that way . : tongue : aw penguin ! that's one of my ... thank you for your post . :) :) i don't know how to put spoiler alerts . : tongue : so i'm sorry that i can't do that too . okay , i'll just say it . * spoiler alert . * hmm ... i think i'm just very bad ... yeah those are awesome ! : tongue : you're very specific . guess you know what you want . :) i don't know what the sentence i highlighted is about though . : tongue : is that very dumb of me ?