be passionate now , be at peace later . if you have something you could get passionate about , go for it . peace is nice but it can be boring and offers no rewards . i have no passion and my life is ... my biggest weakness is my bed , once i lay down i can't move for at least 10 hours and i usually don't go to bed until 6am ... thank you for this . truely . mother : enfj father : istp younger sister : enfj older half-brother : infp or enfp ? my mother . copy and paste , and i used two . - web comics - lurking around this forum - the health benefits of nicotine - the singularity i'm feeling disappointed in myself . also annoyed because i just had to use a g and that particular key on my keyboard is broken . whether you are arguing for or against religion , i see it like this ; i'm right , you're wrong , agree with me or you're a fool . most people who hate religion tend to be just as preachy as those who ... i would ask why . i do not argue with children . grow up and try to have a debate without resorting to disrespect and insults . then i will respond . you cannot disprove god anymore than i can prove it . questioning is all we can do but we will never know because something like god cannot be proven or disproven , you say it's just a construct of the ... what do you mean ' you people ' ? hm ? i'm indeed standoffish , but it's not because i want to be , i personally won't voice my opinion to someone who can't take criticism , i've never been called ... never study or do my work ... i get distracted and forget . i never claimed that the desire was a conscious one , or i didn't mean to . if you are not consciously selfish , you are subconsciously selfish . as my father once said ; ' put a toy between two toddlers ... you are entitled to your own opinion , i'm not offended . how often do you want to do something that offers no reward ? never . i believe you might think too highly of people , we do not just want to do ... i wish i weren't an awkward idiot in the real world . yes . i sometimes even feel the need to lay down . nothing saps my energy quicker than emotions , i would rather do manual labor . it's complicated . good or bad everything has some sort of selfish motive , but i didn't mean to imply we are purely selfish . i do mean to imply that underneath it all we are all a little bit ugly ... no , i understand now , thank you . i never said people weren't good , they are just selfish , which i guess could be considered bad to most . so you agree ? i am merely saying that is how our mind works . your argument doesn't make sense to me ... i apologize . but you are doing it because you enjoy doing it . not because it's right . the pleasure in doing something you think is right is your motive . i also believe there are other motives you might just not ... thewindlistens , you sir , are a liar , to me or yourself i cannot say . selfish , i wish we were capable of being selfless but we always have ulterior motives when being kind , it's usually to score points with another person , god , society , whoever . my desire to be ... i like to be right and i like to argue . most other people do too . ha . i'll start one and charge a 10 dollar monthly fee . i will probably make a 100 dollars a month if i am extremely lucky . i wonder if anyone will respond ? i can't talk to people , i'm awkward at first . i am way to detached from reality , all the time . i spend 80 % of my day staring off into space instead of doing my work or developing healthy social ... i don't fear death , i used to , but i would like to know what happens . if nothing happens and i just rot , what do i care ? i'll be dead . if something does happen , awesome , assuming i don't burn in a ... i have 2 friends , not really close to them . they got into smoking pot and drinking and it pretty much consumed their life and while i enjoy it from time to time , it isn't all i like to do or think ... i can't be or have not been angry with anyone for more than a day or most of the time a few hours . holding a grudge requires a lot more commitment and energy than i can muster . forgive and forget , to ... i can't handle energetic people , and they seem to always be happy . i hate it when they think i am depressed and have to approach me out of pity . some girl once ask for my phone number and i later ... little girl : mommy ! some boy at school pulled my hair . mom : oh , honey , he must like you ! little girl : hmm ... it really bugs me that people have this problem when i can't get a single girlfriend . i resent you all , but i get where you are coming from . : > change the subject . not crazy about mint . i like it plain when it's hot and with lemon when it's cold . i only drink green tea , but i love it , hot or cold . i don't have it as much as i would like ... i should buy some tomorrow . sometimes i will look back on conversations and wonder if i was unknowingly being mocked or messed with . does that count ? i know how to find out . go die . simple , right ? we all don't know are selves as much as we think we do . someone once told me that male feelers tend to want to believe they are thinkers . how much research have you committed to this ? thinkers and feelers think differently , but they can be intellectually equal . thinking as an inferior function does not make you less intelligent . i cannot prove it or disprove it . i would like to believe so , though . it is highly unlikely , i will give you that . the mind plays tricks , you have to remember all of the bad as well . the person you are talking so fondly of threw you aside without any remorse , she almost immediately started dating again , then she ... it's funny how someone who dumped you because they were bored , accused you of not valuing the relationship . i feel your pain . my mother is the same way . it's been a few years since i've cried , but a few movies have had me fighting off tears . is someone who can turn your friends against you and destroy your self-esteem with a song terrifying ? yes . this is terrifying . introverts are probably all misunderstood . intjs seem to be saying that they think differently than others in a way they can't explain . i think you all might have a problem understanding others if ... your post is more pointless than the one you are criticizing . stay on topic . i am determind to learn more about intjs and all i've learned so far is you all think you're right and determinded to let ...