' my first bf was an istp , and we dated for like 1.5 years . i am definitely going to see one as soon as possible . i have other reasons to go see one as well . i have wondered about empathy myself . see the following link : also , i know i am ... gotcha . why does being comfortable with yourself guarantee that you will become sociopathic ? i am still new to the idea of sociopathy . i have been talking to someone i know that is a sociopath on and off . he said i was one . i think i have tendencies because of my parent . i can say that my ... i was wondering if anyone on here is a sociopath or does anyone on here have sociopathic tendencies . due to my past experiences and one biological parent , i have sociopathic tendencies , so i was ... i think one of my friends is also an enfj . however , my best friend is an infp . i am not too close with people nowadays though . so you want someone that is quite caring ? i understand you . i do not know what you mean ? i was controlling , but i realized that was due to my insecurities . i want to be in control of myself and actions , but i rather that a person could do the same . or at ... why do you like being controlled ? why do you like being controlled ? i am currently working at a college and at a retail store . i plan on finishing up studying mathematics , and then going on to start my career path towards becoming a mechanical engineer . i am looking ... intjs are like the most rare when it comes to personalities . my boss is one . i think she is only intj that i know currently . i see . i just tell people that i am not interested . my boundaries have only gotten blurred in close relationships , but when i am around strangers . i simple observe and go with the flow as long as ... i see . that sounds like you were quite young at the time . we live , and we learn . so it was out of obligation ? i see . interesting . :) i do not know if i am really happy about anything anymore , but i do find enjoyment in things . i think this is related to a discussion i had about content being a hard high . i researched ... this comment made me smile . why is that ? heh . i enjoyed reading this article . it makes me ponder a few things . i have already done the first rabbit hole . i am a type 3 with 4 . i will check out the others today . thanks mate . i will try this , and i will let you know how it goes . heh . i read into it last night online after reading your comments . i think i am just being difficult now . i really do not know how to follow my heart i suppose . but aren't humans prone to make errors ? i suppose i don't trust myself entirely . i have been undergoing some analysis of myself anyway . do you trust yourself entirely ? but what about the mistakes that come from my following my heart and living in the present moment ? should i not have some plan of action . heh . that remind me of robert burn's poem to a mouse . i ... i can answer that question . i have perceived nothing in regards to myself until recently . i noticed that i was not as happy or content as i thought i should have been . i think balance is very ... sure . i would very much like to read your response about the rabbit holes . i am in a withdrawal stage now . i wonder if i am overdoing it . i just have not came to the proper conclusion just yet . it sort of makes sense , but i do not withdraw only when it comes to people . there are times when i just need to think and look at what is going on in my life to make a good decision . if i do not get me time , then i have a tendency to get irritated . i need time to process all that i have observed from people . i need time to charge my batteries . i studied mathematics , but i plan on studying mechanical engineering after finishing up with mathematics . however , what do you like to read about ? what do you like to learn about mate ? i think oversensitivity and insensitivity is all a matter of perspective . some people see things from a more logical standpoint , whilst others see things from a more emotional standpoint . one is ... i actually prefer honesty over someone sparing my feelings . i am quite brutally honest myself . i am still learning how to use tact . wikipedia though the keyhole wicked the picture of dorian gray i feel the same way as well . i am so grateful for the thread . i will try . heh . he is not one who likes to be told what to do . heh . this is the only reason i cry anymore as well . i do not cry much anymore . crying seems like a waste of energy to me . i rather think of a way to get rid of the emotions that make me feel discomfort by ... i suppose all i want is to accepted and for someone to take the time to understand how i work . i mean someone who really takes out time to truly get me and get to me . also , i would like for people to ... i recently learned that i do not like showing my emotions to anyone unless i trust them . i should add that i do not trust remotely anyone as of now . specifically , i have had a horrible experience ... was she emotional prior to being open to logical solutions ? i have anxiety , so i overthink most things-especially negative things . i withdraw and i analyze how i responded , how i should responded , ... no . i think i like to control others at times . i have been called controlling . typically , when such event happens , i try to control that aspect of myself ironically . actually , an intp called me ... i have an intp or infp friend that calms me . i like being around him . it is calming and nice , and i feel like i do not have to adopt his characteristics as much as i do with other people to obtain ... i work with an intj , and it is wonderful . i like how we work independently . i do not like when people tell me how to exactly do my job , or when someone hovers over my shoulder . i like to have freedom ... anyone ? i am an enfj . i have a tendency to do this as well . i was told by my roommate that asking why is childish . i find my inquisitveness quite charming . he is in his mid 20s . he has gone off on the tangent in the conversation at times . the weird thing is i observe him giving information to me . but he only gives the information that he feels will ... o positive . interesting . thanks for the insight mate . i am not an intj . but i find that my thoughts are always in constant motion . i will admit it is overwhelming at times . it is mostly like that when i am around people and when i am stressed . my ... '