' and in the language area of my brain . it seems like every other day someone gets angry at me for forgetting something , for misunderstanding under pressure , for needing something repeated , for making ... i removed the post no only horse can be beautiful hey stelliferous , could you answer some questions i think might be helpful in determined your type ? if it's between intj and intp it might be pretty easy . ... i could definitely see him donning some leopard print and shaking them balls for some cash in his ass crack hey guys , here's my ad : bruh have you seen magic mike ? i haven't but i presume there's some guidance there and some money to be made . if you don't think you're hot enough , i doubt that's the case . women are into the ... same , i can rely on seeing a satisfying amount of snark and rational , insightful rhetoric in response to the 5-10 adamant sexists here and it's like she expresses my anger for me so i can remain ... hey shahada please don't get banned . thank you do you take euros ? cause your fucking name is offending me m8 whoever got this moved to spam world is a little pussy hahahhaha 10 points for idontthinkso <3 i actually find the threads really funny in themselves , but sometimes i'm just like ... how can they go on and on like this ? i remember when perc rants were just like estjs are the reason i'm ... i'm not bitching about topics on feminism , i'm literally just having fun on a thread i made a year ago that someone reopened . i don't see how you could interpret the way you did . stop being a son ... i didn't reopen this thread . it's not even a serious thread . it's fun to make fun of things , even things you believe in - - try it some time and you might learn to lighten up . we're fucking an infj , doesn't matter what we look like . just don't touch me with your witchy nails and fungus infested asshole . you literally saw me link this thread on that thread where i was bitching about the same things going on a year later . someone clearly opened this thread and posted in it again from that link . what ... an infj called clumsy , how fucking original . it's like you wandered into a room that says we love gangbanging infjs without reading the sign . i'm just sad my buddy entps couldn't fuck you like ... omg everyone who posted on this thread is a feminist . inside job cries with us when we read adrienne rich together . i'd let him cut me up like a butterfly . i want to be everyone's bestie , it's a disease and it's extremely uncontagious . i don't live in the us so the alt-right may look really different . i don't condone their views , i just kind of live ... well ... actually , that's not quite the case . sorry guys ... yeah i find this to be so true . a lot of my friends are being bitten by the alt-right bug , but even if i don't agree with them and they keep treating me with respect , i'm not going to just drop ... s l e e p  everyone in this thread is a fucking retard cuck and probably into the same sex and obese . here's a pictures i found to express it how i feel about all'yall'selves ... fucking everyone lol . fe doms ( enfjs and esfjs ) if they're not playful and don't have time for people like me . i'm at that stage of my life where i'm developing my extroverted feeling worldview ... quick , someone post a selfie dude , op is talking about being suicidal , not the time lol . please talk to a professional and hang in there until you've found something that helps . it may take a while but it's better ... i could see definitely see isfp for him too , actually . infps and isfps are so similar and we really don't know enough about the character to say either way . him being more grounded according to you ... agreed . and we're damn sexy too op identifies as pansexual . whereas caveman dreams is a pretty open dude who has gang bangs with several other men and one woman because group sex is common among the homo erectus so he's not ... 1 . where's your argument bro ? 2 . feeler does not mean feelings 3 . sensor does not mean fucking action orientated edit : just realised you only got 13 posts sorry for shouting love you xo i could see infp , too . but infps tend to be overly cautious and careful , especially when someone's already hurt them because of stronger si . but definitely little experience with te can turn into ... title : why are femislist feminstlsit hahahahahah hannah baker - very , very obvious enfp why the fuck are we assuming hannah's a sensor because she was naive at times ? are enfps the pinnacle of wisdom and genius ? wtf man ... hannah is a teenager ... the night's queen 4w5 9w1 6w7 these are all my own images from my instagram so this shouldn't be too hard i fucking love colours * removed * i actually love infps don't mind me from a few days ago nah i have healthy self esteem which allows me to not take it personally if someone fucks up on me . cause people fuck up and disappoint and it can ruin your life sometimes or be a minor ... cuz op is a cuck ... breh put the lime in the coconut put the lime in the coconut and drink it all up you put the lime in the coconut and drink it all up you put the lime in the coconut and drink it all up you put ... this just in : phlegminists are stealing our phlegm please report to daddy for some vaccinations , mucus , and a little cummie too the belief in the soul , which has a huge implication of the afterlife . generally to be spiritual means you believe there's more to our existence than the physical . i'd show them this video so ... i'll definitely be joining . fucking love me some gatsby . no . source : am a ghost these are taken on the same camera ( the only thing that's changed is that somebody finally wiped my fucking face - - hopefully the next one i take another 20 years from now won't be cropped this ... '