' i heard of this approach to speaking before as it's quite a popular method , even when i was back in school some teachers would say that doing that helps with being a confident speaker in front ... kirjuri thank you for the tips , one of my problems seems to be that i want to just rush a talk and get it done and over with because of how bad i am at speaking , not to mention the amount of ... so instead of letting the thoughts go wild and all that stuff we come up with in the head , fight it with the notion of down to earth kind approach when you just have to fight that tsunami of thoughts ... hi everyone , i wanted to ask the people on here about being a speaker in front of crowds of people or being a speaker who's engaged in an open conversation or a group project which requires the ... i guess you could say that when i first joined here i did have that notion of feeling like i was at home where i was understood and everything written down here resonated with me very well , i think i ... yeah weather plays an important part in how i feel a particular day , i find that i am extremely happy and energetic more than usual when there is sun outside ( as the sun is a rarity where i live ) ... i think they must be plotting something , i mean look at this : 703370 that looks like a carried out plot for centuries ... the danger is real here ! i hate myself for having a very hesitant nature when it comes to important things , i hate it even more that i can't f * * * ing deal with it when it comes to acting , eventually not even bothering with ... that stage in life that you reach when your future becomes conflicted and complicated , creating doubt which allows the unsure feeling creep in and all of a sudden you start thinking what you going ... here's an interesting experiment for everyone to see , follow the instructions in the video . some of you may know the test or seen it before . ... that's actually true with how i am , i feel it much more stronger from others than from myself . as much as i've felt this feeling , it's still not strong enough for me to be completely worried about ... yeah i agree it's not good to focus on such feeling and it's easier when you realize that you aren't the only one experiencing such feelings , it makes it easier to know that there is other people out ... it's true that no one can say for sure what is gonna happen and if anything will . however , my feeling is largely pointed towards something of human nature rather than natural . i'm not sure what ... i've been feeling this eerie , weird feeling recently about the current state of the world . with everything that's going on around the world , i've felt this bad , eerie feeling about something that is ... like cupcake angel has said , there are plenty of people on this forum who talk about serious , life and other complex topics which could be what you are looking for . interact with the people on perc ... i'd say that eyes are also what defines me but it's difficult to particularly notice anything from my eyes as they change color which is impacted by mood and weather but people will still assume ... i once pushed a cat of a balcony when i was a kid , it scratched my face the next day . ( nothing happened to the cat ) slovenia is a spectacular place , the picture was taken atop a castle that's on a mountain , right below that lake you see . place is called bled . it's honestly a magical place . once i get around to yuval harari's books , i'll use your recommendation to read sapiens first , an introduction to how the author thinks would be a good thing before getting around to the other book ... much appreciated , most of these books are related to what i asked for , homo deus and collapse seemed to have picked my interest the most . thanks once again . does anyone know or recommend any books that speak about the modern world and how it's developing as a whole , mainly to do with us humans ? for some reason , i've been quite interested recently in such ... i can actually relate to something similar except it's even more ridiculous and it happened a few times at my local store . i remember that i went a few times to my local store to get an energy drink ... when you are so absorbed in your thought and emotional processing that you forget to do something you wanted to do five minutes ago and then get bugged by what you wanted to do for the minutes to ... i'd love to see how this is going to turn out as blog writing has crossed my mind in the past but i just never got around to it for some reason . i'll check on your blog from time to time as the ... hmm , i think that it's good to be open to the possibility that in the past live , you may have been a serial killer or a psychopath because it could be a thing . so what if someones was currently evil ... hmm i see .. that would make sense because in the end it is always down to the personal growth and the speed of it . thus , meaning that a young soul may have been in one or two different lives but the ... well your dream description got me hooked in instantly , was thrilled all the way . i was actually thinking that something like that could have been last century and krystalnacht seems like it could ... that is actually a really good poem peace used in this case , it fits like a glove to what i've mentioned or portrays my thought really good . i only told two people about my .. let's say appearance on this forum in some way but no specifics . that was actually when i tried to help those two people because they were in quite a bad place and i ... consisting of multiple souls would certainly be something else . it would be certainly an interesting thing if the soul gets split into some number of pieces and each piece will constitute for the ... yeah frane selak has had one hell of a life , seriously the stuff the man has been through plus he then winning the lottery ... like something from a fictional story but yet it's real . nah , you've ... it's been so long ago that i've made a mistake , he wasn't even involved in an earthquake . i'll link it here the story of frane selak , the luckiest unlucky man to ever live . this guy has honestly .. i ... it certainly is a wild thought and the answer which is eluding us will never be known to us but considering how much has evolved over the last 1000 years , it wouldn't surprise me if there was a ... the topic of near death experiences is also very interesting to debate about . something springs to mind actually , there was a person who survived multiple lighting hits during his life time and after ... so going on further from your idea of your soul splitting , do you perhaps think that the so called soul mates may have a part of your soul and that maybe the reason why you feel a different ... do you think it's possible to dream about the future in your sleep , as in being a person in a distant future ? reincarnation is one of those topics which can make you look like a crazy person to ... don't worry , your english is pretty good . english isn't my first language either :P yeah i totally agree that it would be pretty interesting to know that souls could wander through time endlessly ... i'm making this thread because i am curious of what other people have to say about the said topic . this is gonna be pretty short but has any one of you experienced something like remembering or ... i will be twenty one this year and i can tell you that i am still suffering with the aftermath of what my childhood was like , what my early and late teens were like . for a very long time i was a ... i see , that is an interesting portrayal . i do feel like holding back and studying the object is accurate in your description . i hate being in a confused state . it always makes me question myself and always ends up sending me negative thoughts and emotions . i absolutely despise it . i seriously feel like my youth is just ... i love to experiment with different things to get the best out of a dish , but since i am an amateur i usually get the last say about what needs to be added into a dish in order to make it better ... red magician huh , that's a really interesting way to go about it , after all there is plenty to go about when trying to understand the person directly through the different means because an avatar ... funny actually , i feel exactly the same whenever i prep mashed eggs . i will seriously go into experimenting with what i can add like some sort of maestro of cuisine who's cooking for a michelin star ... i am a mix of those mentioned above except maybe one or two . it's gotten to a point where it's just part of my life as i come to realize now how peaceful night can be . then when i eventually get to ... looks like my poor and rare english came out so i apologize for that and the hole in the understanding . there really isn't enough content to interpret whether it was shallow or deep symbolism that i ... i can laugh at a bunch of different kinds of humor , at times very weird , light but at some times or most of the time i will look at dark humor stuff that could not sit with many people . sarcastic and ... i see i'm sorry for making it difficult to understand , i'll try and elaborate . i've seen that you refer to symbols quite often and symbolism is a topic in sociology that discusses symbols etc . the ... i just wanted to ask . are you going through deeper symbolism when you mention symbols or is there something different . i see that you also mention freud quite often . i'm just curious . can't help it ... damn i forgot to mention that music is also an important factor for me when day dreaming . i usually listen to the music i always liked and will continue to like . basically i will listen to rock or ... '