' i think this is a really good way to put it . after a few years of both self exploration and therapeutic work with others , i realize how valuable deeper observation of other types is . personal ... initially i don't think any resonated with me . i found the descriptions vague and they sounded like pseudo-psych and i didn't like the spiritual talk that often came with them . over the years ... i should have clarified my re-statements . i sometimes find your posts difficult to follow so it's helpful for me to re-word things so i can make sure i haven't misunderstood your post - i don't ... i agree that counter-phobic 6 ' s can approach the world in a similar way to 8 ' s , seeing the world as unjust and hard . the difference being the 8 sees it from the fixation of lust , in the tone of ... this is essentially what you described : mindfulness meditation focusing on the body . you might enjoy trying to do the same kind of thing with sound - ... i've been practicing mindfulness meditation fairly regularly for just over 3 years . it's made a huge difference in my stress levels and anxiety . and in just enjoying my life more . i was introduced ... you probably want to check out the enneagram typing sub-forum : what's my enneagram type ? no , not sx first . i'm 5w4 sx / sp . don't know my jcf . mom : 9w1 sp / sx ( fairly certain ) dad : 6w5 sp / sx ( fairly certain ) my relationship with both parents is healthy . i get along with both ... none . there are things in my life that have been hard and experiences that i wouldn't necessarily want to relive , but they've all brought me to who and where i am today , so i can't really say i ... i try to cultivate a quiet mind but my default setting is usually to be lost in thought . i don't usually feel as though my thoughts are running away with me , but rather that i'm always very ... put in your enneatype 5w4 sx / sp put in your mbti infp to be fair , he didn't study this - all he did was determine that when asked the question , when do you expect to die / how long do you think you'll live , that type 4 ' s were likely to have a very short ... yes and no . while the enneagram did illuminate a number of blind spots , i was already aware of many of my issues and was trying to find ways to manage them when i found out about it . i wanted to ... my interpretation of the writing in enneagram texts is a little different than yours . i don't see it so much as a journey of reunification with the world , but rather a recognition that you are ... i think # 1 , which sounds like self awareness to me , would depend more on a type's health levels than type itself . i used to think it would be more type related , but i feel like i've seen such a wide ... how do you react to being abandoned ? i haven't ever really had the experience of being truly abandoned . i remember feeling left out sometimes when i was a teenager , but i've never really had to ... i also had no difficulties accepting it , and i was glad to find another avenue to address my neuroses . avarice shows up everywhere for me and its hard not to see it . i've always been fairly aware ... i more or less automatically type most people i meet now . i tend to automatically type characters on tv too . some are extremely obvious , and some it takes a few weeks or months . i've always ... i agree with what a lot of folks have said - you get out of it , what you put into it and the way you use it doesn't have to be spiritual . i originally started using it for personal growth , as my ... personal criticism can be a bit hurtful , but i always try to listen to the other person and adjust myself if i feel it's necessary . i can be a bit defensive , but i usually catch myself internally ... it's called my stroke of insight : a brain scientists personal journey . on the morning of december 10 , 1996 , jill bolte taylor , a thirty-seven-year-old harvard-trained brain scientist , ... i think it's important to find a way to use the enneagram that makes sense to you . it's changed drastically for me from when i first started using it and learning about it and i've definitely taken ... i think the easiest way to understand this perspective would probably be to read the enneagram of passions and virtues or the spiritual dimension of the enneagram . it ties in a number of child ... my perspective is that everyone deals with the fixations of all the ennea-types but in varying intensities - our type is the fixation that's most prominent in us . in many ways , i think we do all ... from what i understand , type 2 ' s have a particular image in their mind of what they aspire to be like - and they can end up putting people they know personally or images of people they admire on a ... i think you're likely referring to the section that states type 5 ' s have a high super-ego but i don't think he meant that 5 ' s are a super-ego type . in that section he states that type 1 ' s identify ... i always noticed it growing up , but i didn't really become aware of it until my early 20 ' s when i realized not everyone just naturally does it . i think how 5 ' s take themselves out of the present ... the narration for me is literally like a voice reading a story - it's me telling myself what i'm doing and what i'm seeing . it's like an echo of reality without entirely participating in reality . ... the funny thing is that the narration / monologue is always focused on observing whats happening outside of my head , so i see details and connections that others miss , but i also think i'm ... haha , i think that was me who said that . i have an inner narrator that describes what i'm watching / what i'm doing while i'm doing it . when i am actually present and not detached i'm not constantly ... unfortunately that doesn't make it any clearer for me . my own interpretation of separate monologues doesn't look like yours . i'm really curious if this is what figure meant . i've never really thought about this . i have no idea if there's anything to it , but i know for myself i've always been sort of aware of my super-ego , but i don't take it very seriously . i don't ... can you explain what you mean by this ? sx / sp 1 ) how do you typically interact in a group ? a little awkward , off to the side . if i have close friends with me , i can be a little more outgoing , but if i don't know anyone i'll hang back ... 5w4 . the longest amount of time - around 9-12 months in my early twenties . i experienced a trauma when i was 18 but i didn't start to process it until i was 20-21 and started experiencing ... truly pathological ? no , i don't think i've ever felt that way about myself . my type traits do create issues in my life ( issues i was aware of before i discovered the enneagram ) , but i think ... i think that holds true for any type - to be true to who you are at the core seems to me that it would logically lead to being happier with yourself . thinking on it now , i do feel like a large part ... i don't think there's ever been a time when i didn't like who i am . i might have some regrets over actions or reactions i've had in the past , but those things have shaped me as well , so even those ... i had to do a training at work and started collecting books after that . i initially was pretty suspect about any kind of personality typing system , but finding my type answered a lot of questions i ... i think it can be problematic , in that in a way it can leave you blind to other issues that aren't necessarily associated with your core type . i think maitri in particular does a fairly good job ... another user shared an article with me and i think it's something everyone who's heavily into enneagram theory should read : i think ... this is true in so much as i hold my anxious tension in my gut , however , i also hold a lot of tension in my shoulder blades , shoulders , neck , and jaw . my shoulders are often held up much higher than ... a ) 5w4 b ) what kind of person is this ? are they self reflective , self aware ? are they seeing me or are they seeing what they imagine me to be ? if i feel like they're not seeing me , i may ... the 6 description of paying attention in this book really helped me have a better understanding of how my partner tends to pay attention ( 6w7 ) . when i first asked him to read it he disagreed with ... i agree with this . i try not to let ego be attached to my type , but i know it is sometimes . i think it's very easy to over-identify with your type , especially when finding it gives you some answers ... friendly , compassionate , wallflower , homebody , silly and love to laugh , ambitious , lover of nature and the outdoors , cat-lover , impatient , self conscious / anxious , inquisitive , and intuitive . for the first time i actually sat down and listened to some of these . i liked having a different perspective on some of the 5 instincts . i've never felt like i had the greatest grasp on social 5 ' s ... lying in bed the past few nights i've had this thread in my mind . i meditate in bed before going to sleep and this thread has been helpful for making me a bit more aware of where my thoughts wander ... this is a pretty perfect description of my thought processes , right down to backtracking in the sequence . honestly , i think that's what a lot of 6 ' s say . i think it can be hard to see some of those aspects in ourselves , and i think sometimes we expect them to be more obvious . my partner isn't as ... '