i have gone through similar things in the past , a few things have prevented this from recurring . 1 . looking at the family dynamics in my childhood . nfs are sensitive to a lot of things that are not ... from my personal infj perspective , people tend to come to me more for sympathy in the garb of advice . it is only then that i get mad . and it is only a rare set of people it happens with . they are ... i was in law for quite a long time ... mostly biglaw . it doesnt fit well . i have spent most of my law years looking for something else to do . as to alternate careers - i loved business , management ... it's not really a personality type thing i suppose but there is no where else i could have discussed this . i have moved back with my mom and sis ( enfp , 23 i am a couple of years older ) last year ... the article is very well written . i am sure to read it quite a few more times . thank you :) hi everyone thank you very much for taking the time and replying to the post . i was so sick of dealing with my family that i had unsubscribed from this post for a while . after lot of harrowing ... i think there is a difference between 1 . solitude , 2 . loneliness that leads you to greater spiritual awareness , and 3 . the absence of intimacy . what infjs seem to complain about is the absence of ... this one made me laugh . i for one would definitely wonder about the motive of the persons around me . if it does turn out to be a real all infj gathering - i think it should turn out to be quite a ... i usually feel that my assessment of people is very accurate in even brief interactions . the mistake i make is discussing my opinion with others and they some how try to correct it . e . g . i thought a ... as to me i feel it is more a mechanism to cool things off for a while and get back to them when both parties get more emotionally sober . ideally i would like to pause a fight before it gets too ... typism or not , i think sensors do lack self-awareness in general , which is an important criteria for how they actually get along with someone like me . i am not saying all of them are immature , but it ... i know for a fact that there was something there , but it was all non-verbal of course , so its not accepted by him . i have to work with him everyday , what do you think would be the practical thing to ... thanks for your reply . but there has been an interesting development , i had seen the guy taking interest in me off and on , so i finally decided to come clean with him . i told him i kind of liked him ... thanks for your reply . but there has been an interesting development , i had seen the guy taking interest in me off and on , so i finally decided to come clean with him . i told him i kind of liked him ... i have been reading posts about infjs not getting along with their families . i was just wondering that is it really our families or is there really a problem with us ? i have just spent an entire week ... what are the chances of getting along with an esfj guy for an infj girl ? i am a little unsure as of now , he seems very charming , but somehow i feel we will eventually run out of conversations , or ... thanks for the replies everyone . actually in the heart of my hearts i keep wondering that why is it that i don't get along with my mother . i get along with everyone and most people get along with my ... there have been quite a few threads on this topic , which i have been reading for quite a while , but this time i thought i'll start one of my own ... my mother is an esfp , i dont have my dad . she sort ... thanks for all your replies , my last doubt is , would it be ethical to take the job knowing about the guy's intentions and then refuse the guy later . i know morals and ethics don't really count in ... but hypothetically how do i do that ? we've never talked much , so its difficult to be upfront about anything ... i have been offered a job by a guy who really likes me . he has never said it , but he is usually making efforts to be around me and just be extra-chivalrous . the job is a big deal career wise . i ... yes you are correct if you assume that better work environments are possible . and they do depend on the industry you are in . you might take sometime in finding them but they do exist . also even if ... ' if you play with pigs in the mud , after a point you would notice that the pigs are enjoying ' i think for you the best strategy would be to start looking for another place to work in , and be as low ... hi everyone , i came across an article by jane spurr and lusia stopa , in 2002 clinical psychology review . it talks about how increased self-awareness implies higher social anxiety . it says people who ... hi , thanks for the post . just to confirm that i've understood well , does this mean that when we are acting we are using two pair functions simultaneously and not just one function ? try a change of scene , place or schedule - you'll feel better about yourself . :) infjs instinctively avoid scenes and situations where they would be noticed by people . i for one do it , so that i can ... yes . i have stayed for 7 and i have developed some serious stress related illnesses . also adding to what adamantya said about learning new skills . i also feel very conscious of experimenting with something new in my own social group . i would much rather do it in a place where no one ... i too agree about the perfectionism which also translates into a tendency to beat myself up internally for every small little mistake i make . i have to make regular conscious efforts to be gentle on ... :D some of them may be . but the ones i have come across have this amazing understanding smile and pleasant , quiet persona ! you wouldn't even notice they were there , and then you look back and ... do you think infjs are high maintenance boyfriends / girlfriends ? :) i'd posted something here , but thought would start a new thread ... couldn't figure out how to delete the post . that's really sweet , to have someone pick up on your covert intentions :) lol ! all this is so true for me as well ... i take weeks to actually realise that the person was flirting with me , and earlier i used to be glad that he has moved on to someone else . for the really ... i know , being in the legal field can make you feel like that . it does make one very cynical . i have been able to come out of that frame of mind after a long time , but was really hoping i could use my ... and why would you say that ? any infj environmental lawyers or law professors on the forum ? do you like your work ? the only mainstream legal careers which suit infjs appear to be academics ( for public policy related issues ) or ... even i associate most with gandhi , specially when i read ' my experiments with truth ' i could feel at every point as if it was i who was living it . dumbledore in harry potter is also an infj ... i love the last one ... its so rare to be able to do that ! :D can't really generalize but i have also seen , that sometimes because infj women could appear a little detached / aloof , they are nice but distant . so people avoid approaching them . it might be better ... actually if she is an infj , you shouldn't really worry too much about rejection , the exchange would be pleasant only . infjs care too much about people to actually be nasty to you . there is a chance ... :) i know it happens with me too ! if you need help interpreting , i could discuss . its quite true , what you say . in india for example i have observed , introversion and exercising n functions seem to be more acceptable than in western societies . but largely i have found most of ... hi everyone :) thanks a lot for all your replies . it feels nice to just be understood :) i think i'll just take whatever has happened as lessons in assertiveness , and i think i really need to work ... i have noticed a very annoying habit of myself which i really want to get rid of . i am sometimes just too nice to people specially when they are upset . but the latest thing i have observed is that ... i feel you are just taking anyone who's been nice to you as your friend . there are no ' friends ' in a competitive environment . it is actually a war . you let down your guard for one minute with anyone , ... i haven't been able to read the entire thread . but i have been in really bad work environments , and my usual strategy is to not show much of my emotions when with people . most of them actually think ... i have observed that when i am working i usually don't like to be disturbed by either food or sleep or any other activity . ideally i would prefer to eat and sleep only after i have finished my work , ... i can also identify with what has been said above . i have been acquaintances whom i started to like over a period of time and that raises the amount of words i use with them . and when i am really ...