' hmm idk if it's really any of our business to ask that but you do have a point ^ although i doubt it's only physical attraction . and the reason she posted this thread was that the istp she barely ... hi , this may have been done already but oh well . what are some of your all-time favorite books ? you can do one for each genre , too , if you would like i'm running out of books to read so i figured ... oh yeah xd yeah i think they try to generalize for the people who don't really care to get that deep into mbti , although it backfires sometimes ! haha i guess those stereotypes do hold some truth ... ( i'm going to assume you know the basic stuff about each variant ) i would suggest looking for your variant without the influence of enneagram types . i would first search for the blindspot . ( sorry ... hmm the basic stuff and then , music and my sketchbook .. and maybe the occasional friendly human to force me outside to ensure i don't loop or anything hmm just a thought , what if they meant ' mechanic ' figuratively ? and not literally ( sry if someone already brought it up , i didn't read through the whole thread ) yo i was lurking but here i am now xd that was a bit harsh on his part but no need to take it to heart . it is true that you might've seemed too insecure and doubting for an istp's taste , but i ... - i've liked someone for a whole year now , and i just realized i've no clue what his eye color is - i never notice stains on my clothes , and because i don't , i assume others can't either ( even though ... i do the same thing ! lol i'm sort of just listening and processing and visualizing what you're saying while using your eyes as a thing to look at i guess . so im not really looking at you , i'm ... how can you tell if a mushroom is edible or poisonous ? pretty self explanatory ^ hi ! you can share your experiences here ~ for me , it was because of switching schools 2 times . the first time , i was overthinking so much and i was so stressed about making friends . i was ... lol the description of the thread made me laugh xd eh , estps haven't been too bad to me .. but i have to admit that you guys can be t e r r i b l e to others before you've developed some fe ! i ... hmm .. definitely a lot of high ti-users ( i've had two istps and one entp like me in the past ) and ne users . isfps as well . i think everyone is somewhat narcissistic , and i definitely relate to the covert narcissism . thing is , sometimes i think so highly of myself , then the next moment i do the opposite . there's a ted ... hey , i was wondering if it is possible to have a strong dominant variant , and an equally low last two variants , or something similar . this is because , i am sure that i am an so dom , however at ... nephilibata thank you for your response . i'll certainly keep this in my mind . i believe that i am nice in most ( probably all ) situations because i feel it is the right things to do . i'm probably ... oh thanks , i haven't read the last two yet . time to spend the first day of 2017 absorbing enneagram material ( yum ) . happy new years , btw ! oh , that's a shame :( i hope they'll be able to develop the theory more . well , i think all of the functions can be impulsive in different ways . and we have to remember that they work together ( si / ne , ni / se ) . for example , you'd think that because i am a ni dom , i have ... hi , i'm sort of new to enneagram and i've been looking for more detailed tritype descriptions . i keep coming across the same descriptions on different websites so i was wondering if anyone knew some ... i'm not sure but here are some speculations : - my passiveness / aloofness and lack of reaction - my blunt honesty - that sometimes i'm very out of the moment and have my head in the clouds couldn't every function become cynical in different ways when unhealthy ( or maybe not even ) ? i couldn't agree more ! it is human nature to want to stick different people into specific groups and start generalizing those people . this is why racism , sexism etc . exist . and now we have the ... cupcake angel nephilibata i would like other people to think of me as kind because i would like to be so . i believe that most of my kindness is genuine , but sometimes what i described above plays a ... candy apple hahahah ! infj - 23 on my laptop 36 on my phone i used to have over 100 before i organized a bit : i most of them are on psychology : beguiled : hello infjs of perc . for those of you who know enneagram , i am a so dominant , so that amplifies my fe a bit .. i find that with people i don't know well , i am of course very considerate and kind . i ... i'm always wearing skinny jeans . i like flannel shirts and hoodies . sometimes i wear tighter shirts but then i layer a sweater over . i prefer darker colors but sometimes go a bit brighter . i love ... i care moderately about my looks . i dislike putting on makeup . i only like painting my nails because the process of it ( excluding drying them ) is fun , but other than that , i don't care for doing ... interesting idea . the two isfps i know are sort of cynical , but not particularly . the istps i know from a distance sort of give off this cynical attitude-vibe . i'm also cynical to a certain degree . i see what you mean . i tend to hesitate showing my ni to people when i'm interacting on a daily basis . it's really rare for me to have a conversation that really stimulates my ni , but when it ... i agree with what you guys were saying .. good luck with your boss and i hope everything will turn out alright in the end :) oh i see , sorry for the misunderstanding ! what he means is that in socionics , isfjs are isfps and isfps are isfjs . so you might've confused the two ? very interesting ! it's definitely the ni . ni perceives things as how the outside world affects their inner database of ideas , concepts etc . so this is what high ni users will remember most ... you surely cannot change how these people are acting and things could probably get worse . these are clearly very immature people and there's no use in wasting your time and energy in dealing with ... so far always xxtps hello ! i'm sort of in a love / hate relationship with my auxiliary fe . i feel like it cripples me so much in a world where people don't often consider other people's feelings . it makes me wonder ... hi ! if you don't mind me asking , why do you feel responsible to change the dynamic of the class ? just try to be very warm and open . you could bring cookies or something , or a pie and gather ... oh wow ! i believe that if the two individuals are developed enough and willing to compromise , it can be a very good match ( but it is rare and hard ! ) great idea ! i've been meaning to start my own little notebook with random quotes and ideas but haven't gotten around to it yet .. here are some things from the top of my head .. - remember , you are ... it does seem like you could be an infj from what i understand .. and possibly infj . i don't believe you are an infp or intp . i don't have time to type a full response but here's some little ( rather ... it could be your ni and te producing a ne-like effect . sometimes i feel like i have ne and fi but then i might be confusing some ideas . hmm , this is a very interesting topic ! i definitely agree that mbti isn't anywhere near perfect and that it could have some improvements .. i haven't researched that much into it yet , but isn't ... i don't agree with this completely but it is a very interesting theory . i don't believe that thinking types are more prone to be in a state of self-interest than feeling types . i agree with ... gee , i feel so scientist-y ( i have become a te-dom stereotype ehe ! ) once enough people have answered , we could make a spreadsheet or something to be able to properly analyze the results mafioso oh my , have they all taken the test or did you manage to type them all yourself ? o . o '