' exactly ! maybe it has nothing to do with mbti though , maybe not . maybe it is more of a separate entity like the enneagram , where there are trends but not necessarily a correlation ? just trying to create conversation :) i agree the society is influential ! lots of things are influential . i am just saying that it is possible that the stars also have an impact no doubt that the forer affect exists . and i don't buy my ' horoscopes ' by chance , but my sign definitely bc none other than my own fully describes me . idk i know it is not comparable to mbti at all ... why ? hahah this is so much like me . i am very inquisitive , so if i have something to ask i'll ask it . also , if no one else is coming to the table with an answer and it is silent i actually feel awkward ... do you think that this maybe has to do with you being fi ? as an fe i can see myself with ti but never te lol , portlandia is my favorite show and i agree . :) ) love that skit but hold up now you've brought up regina spektor which is totally an enfj no question . :) as an enfj i just get ' vibes ' about ... what makes you think they are not ? i see alot of ne in their humor . and yes i agree portlandia is an n show . i just made a comment about how it seems like a collaboration of ni and ne somehow . but ... i think that fred is an xnfj and carrie is an xnfp . the reason why i say so is because as an enfj i understand the dynamic of working with an ne partner , and thats what this show strikes me as . ( i ... why can no one see joey as an enfj ? i feel like i am good at knowing when someone seems like me ahah i guess just her random humor . she has an ability to come up with the most random things other names for body parts , other names for food ect . very random where its just like lol what ? ? ? where on ... not really that related , but i think fred armisen is an enfj and i really want him to be bc i love him hahahahah sorry dan i am an idiot hey david ! i think that i clicked on to your google hangouts thing the other day and you said hello , and i couldn't tell if you could see me or not or how it works - _ - i have seen your enfj videos ... i think kristen wiig is an infp i wish that i had that control . i'd rather not be someone that cried in front of others . i wonder if male enfjs are better at hiding it ? society has always told me that it was ok to cry , and i grew ... also idk if jenna marbles has been mentioned , but she screams enfp i love this haha . to me , it is harder and harder to hold back in public . i often find myself crying about something in situations around people that i really do not know enough to cry around and it ... even though i am dating a fellow extravert ( esfp ) i totally relate . my guys are never good enough for my friends . maybe i don't go for great guys , or maybe i just see then for the person they are ... hmm , why do you say this ? just curious . do you think enfjs would be embarrassed to answer all the way / truthfully ? feeling unloved . this may have more to do with my enneagram 2 , but i'm sure all enfjs can relate . tbh i cry a lot . not only do i not know how to hold it in , but i find that it helps me get over ... i guess just being an enfj i am a bit biased , because he just strikes me as one . the way he uses his humor . seeing him with shane you can tell that shane is a little bit more off the wall ( either ne ... lol what makes you think esfp if he has typed himself .. ? i know esfp and enfj look ' similar ' on the surface ? but come on the functions are completely different he would know if he used ni . he strikes me ... shane dawson is sooo enfp . his humor is so off the wall and ne - always seemingly comes out of nowhere for all who say that there can not be an nf president , that's bull . nfs are the ultimate advocates and inspirers and mentors . my father is an enfj and a successful state level politician . i see a lot ... hahahah mine too i was joking as well ! ! ! hahah , ah , what a nice thing to hear over the internet ! :p exactly ! i think it is all tendencies . i am somewhat of a cancer / leo cusp and i can tell that i am influenced by that a little bit as well . not as much a ' personality type . ' leos are very passionate ... not trying to compare mbti to horoscopes haha i have just always wondered if the position of the sun and moon actually influences who we are or how we act . astrology is an interesting idea to ... what's your sign ? feel free to discuss . i am a leo which is known for being passionate and i am also very fe so i didn't know if that had anything to do with each other . what do you guys think about regina spektor ? nf for sure , i'd like to think she seems fe ni . if not enfj , maybe infj when you look at socionics , it talks about how we both have fi and ne , but we ignore them more . i found this to make sense alot for me , especially when you take cognitive functions tests and it ... i agree .. the estp friend i know always wants to be right thoguh hmm , as an enfj i tend to be extroverted .. yet there has been times in my life that i have been more reserved than others . for example , with boys i tend to be may more shy , due to past experiences , ... yes - i drove my esfj mother crazy growing up . we are very similar .. except that we would always fight about the fact that i left my shoes in the living room . i would get mad when she would move my ... i dont like entj ... but i use dont like lightly .. i just really really hate te . it is hard to argue with entjs because they are so smart yet so cold ... i at least appreciate their ni . other than that ... hello ! do you find enfjs to be messy or organized when it comes to living and work space ? i know we are j-s but that doesn't really mean anything . i prefer things clean , obviously , but when ... this was tough ... i just love people ! ! well you said managing expectations . sorry for the confusion . perhaps elaborate on what you mean ? everyone always tells me not to make any expectations , i didn't mean to put forth an idea you ... i really appreciate your comment ! ! it is very interesting the different perspectives i get from another nf and someone that is not . technically , you're both right . i feel as if my unconditional ... love this i was just thinking about this today ... too bad that i hate money so much but i need it in order to do what i love : create . wow , i really needed to hear this ! ! ! thank you so much i love nfs ... i have been down lately haha so sorry for making you want to give up . it is just hard when i am not around many others who ... so i've been reading , and apparently enfjs have a tendency to idealize relationships to the point where human nature can't possibly meet expectations . i found this really true for me , in a sort ... my favorite color . that and turquoise . idk they say purple is the color of love ! not trying to bring in politics here , it just seemed so fe . and especially when we are talking about belief in a social sense thoughts ? so true ! ! lately i have been going crazy because it is my last semester of general education requirements before i am off to my interest area - doing and learning what i love . every day seems so ... so true ! ! lately i have been going crazy because it is my last semester of general education requirements before i am off to my interest area - doing and learning what i love . every day seems so ... do you think its possible for an enfj to not be socially liberal ? to define socially liberal , i mean : pro lgbt rights , womens rights , minority rights , equal opportunity for health and education , ... '