' sir , are you high ? wow , you are pretty sucessfull person , being ceo with 100 employees are quite something . i'm still strugling right now , but i'm kinda happy , because it's pretty challenging , and there is sorta risk ... if somebody touching me and they touching me in sexual way , and i don't interested in other person . i'm gonna say , please no touching , okay ? other than that , if it's high five , or anything like ... a . i'm not really interested in people . b . i don't wanna hurt people feelings . ( a . k . a you care about people ) c . confused , doing both or nothing at all . whatever you do , don't pick option c . interstellar ricksaw ridge cinderella man pursuit of happyness hurt locker some jackie chan or ipman movie black hawk down gladiator i dropped my laptop while it's on , and boy ho boy , rip hard disk now i need to backup the hd , re-install the laptop . still trying to backup the disk via ubuntu . this is why i hate laptop ... that's easy , i even can quote some f * cked up lines . death is an art , it's beautiful ... or you can make isfp into borderline posesive and breaking the taboo , you get someone a villain too . ... ti is like how to handle problem and create solutions , and care about details of the process . for example my computer suddenly died and can't boot up , so i checked the computer , see the error ... jack dorsey ( i believe he is istp ) , and whoever developed whatsapp , thank you , loved the apps , simple to use and no bs . okay , i watch pron . happy now ? >:) joke aside i did write journal but once per month and i forget to write it for last 9 month . i want to keep my journal simple for me to read . it varies from ... do not disturb us when we gets too tired , when we are too tired , we're prone to do reckless thing . i think you disturb his sleep . depends on the mood , if i get too heated up , i'm may get irritated . but most likely want to know why they reject my idea , and accept it . for me facebook more like where i need to market stuff and know some information rather connecting with people . yeah , connecting people . more like 50 % shitposting , 20 % ads , 30 % news . all male are open minded in bed , i'm not sure with xstj tho . i love trig , algebra , geo . i hate advance stuff like calc . edit : whoops necro thread . doing useless thing , that not fun . what's the point ? clingy people who needs attention . not understanding something , or i say why it doesn't work ? moments . disney smile face . 1st question , yes 2nd question , two words : trial and error . it's just as reliable as any other method of attempting to predict future human behavior that is fascinating - thank you for this ! where did the high intellectual atheists go haha you might be referring to those young individuals who have a natural need to rebel and are resenting that they were lied to . that can lead to self righteousness . rebellion is necessary . even if we ... i fear death , but i'm more scared losing . okay , as funny as it sounds . you will find yourself surrounded by low intellectual atheist , which are very bad . people will doing something stupid , mix it with no moral dilemma ? now , that's some ... let's make this into more simple explanation : free sex ftw i hate facebook , but i feel i need to read them to know some important news . for fashion i'm really clueless , and don't really care , except i'm pretty interested in suit for some reason . for ... for some reason , i think the press are pretty scripted , but i don't know . maybe it just me . mayweather wins by point , but it will be fun to watch . if for some reason mcgregor cheapshot him with elbow , and go crazy , well ... mayweather could be in trouble . so basically , she is mad because we prioritize jobs over family matters . what i can't understand with my esfj mom , when some old friend asking some help , it just trigger her . ... so , basically i have mom which is esfj , my aunt son have wedding ( on faraway remote place ) , but we are very busy running the business on that day , so we decided my sister and i running the shop and ... i really enjoy instrumental jazz , acoustic guitar , and some orchestra . love song just too cheezy for my tastes , but it's alright tho . jazz is my favorite . rap is my second favorite . i do like other ... my belief on religion is based on experience rather than logic . image this : 1 . my dad diagnosed with pancreatic cancer . 2 . my mom does not have money to medicate my father , but for some reason ... let's say that i meet friend irl , what topic i need to talk to ? small chit-chat ? nah ... i don't know looks like he looks like estp / enfj for me ... for a plan , that's pretty shaky . enfj has ni-se-ti turn on : sexy , have some brain on it . turn off : stupidity , touchy , clingy , and fakery . wow , that was bad . i will be salty as hell , especially it takes blow to your pride . the hardest thing is your brain know it's been done , time to forget the mistake , but somehow your heart don't . do nothing that is of no use - miyamoto musashi . don't bother fixing useless stuff , just throw it outta window , or just dismantle it . happiness are simple . have good amount of wealth , healthy , ... damn brain , why you can't go to sleep . hooo ... boy ... i don't think i'm suited for marriage . i have a little brother with light autism . that's already hard enough . i don't know if i really can carry more people on my back . for me , it's how i see intp forum and istp forum . intp forum doesn't suit well with me , it's filled with so many ' advanced ' question that makes my head hurts ( for me at least ) . i just can't care ... pro , & cons . but when i'm too tired , too stressed , or just want some fun , press the fuck it button . mathew 7:7 independent mind . not clingy . value their family . does not fake themself . giving personal space . elementary / mid school - smart but problematic , ( teasing females , flipping skirt , all those boy stuff ) high school - just bored all the time , b student , but somehow manage into a class ( damn , i ... esfj is the most humble down to the earth type , i don't see some problem on it . the only thing you need to watch out is when they too burnout , those suppressed feeling burst out , they can yell ... esfj is nice . selfless , the sensitivity to fe help us to trigger our low fe . overall , they are nice but we need to watch out when they burn out and explode , and turn into drama queen . when that ... i'm usually sleep late at night , thinking useless stuff . morning is kind of mixed bag , sometimes i wake up and feel refreshed , and sometimes just no ... i think to be able to wake up in the ... based on experience in real life , i have cousin brothers . he is istp , his wife is infj , her mother in law is estj . the infj wife go back to his parents home . she had enough . hmm ... there you go . bonus  fixed i think it's the commitment isn't logical , sometimes bore you and burn you out but you get nothing from it , and it really restrict your freedom . bottom line , if the benefits from the commitment ... i have scooter tho ... honda beat . ( yeah , pretty lame ) . i really want honda cbr tho .. but , no money . ah joe rogan experience ... '