' two infps already died of laughing from this . proceed with caution . 518506 people , when they look closely , are always confused as to what colour they are ^ ^ it's good to hear that , that someone says it would be a mistake to settle for a possibly more stable and more money making job . my friends always make fun of me for having chosen cultural ... what i got from this thread is that i really have to get to know some infjs - - sounds like your depths and thoughts would be ( sorry for that wording , but can't think of a better or more appropriate ... i wish to transcend space by quicker means that could be called cheating - - like beaming or teleporting , so i wouldn't need planes , bicycles , time or money to do that . infp my photography , recently started everything else . with a typo in the url unfortunately . i am not very ... park benches or just spots where you have a good view over something , they will be sitting or standing there , either lost in thought looking into far away space or in a book . when i was a child this was my experience too . i didn't feel like i had a best friend . well and that one best friend i had would often abandon me for someone more interesting and come back to me ... there is no option all of them . really , it is impossible to answer that . i would maybe say aurora , but i don't see it as a possibility as i have never seen this phenomenon . must be incredible . now ... i am interested in other cultures in general ( and also study cultural anthropology ) , but i am most interested in east asia , namely japan and china . but that could also be because my parents also have ... i have that wish too , but i am only conscious of it since recently . i think i extended my empathy in a way . but i find that wish only comes up strongly when i am in a good place myself . only then i ... ... and then the first infp came out of the sea . it is said that the first library was created by them , with books made out of leaves . that's an interesting question :) . not too easy to answer though . i think i want to help people who are having a difficult time to be able to tell the whole story without me imposing anything on ... these are very cool photos :p roud : i'll start :) . i chose this one for the vulnerable and contemplative feel to it . 389538 idea stolen from i thought this would be fun here too . i don't know if such a thread already exists , ... this was taken by me :) 387217 3860 74 if i know their story and why they do what they do , it is likely i feel with them . i will still wish they'll fail . you cannot generalise this ! nothing can be generalised actually , it always depends on factors and circumstances , what if e . g . this or that ... ? ( this is mostly the rant i fall into when i do ) so you mean like in the infinite monkey theorem ? if we assume that the universe is infinite and so are the experiments . i thought this was common knowledge .. it is the sock monsters lurking in there waiting for food . so apparently they get eaten and reappear as , you know ... i am unsatisfied , lonely , want to be social but don't actually want to deal with people , i don't know what i want . i don't know what i want . i don't know what could fulfill me , and most things are ... i am the one who feels out of place most of the time . i am the one everyone probably thinks at first that i'm serious , stuck up , a know-it-all and boring i am the one that enjoys the most random an ... one is an intx , probably intp , and although she mostly has different interests and is much more intelligent than me , we feel the same about many things and can always be ourselves around each other . ... quiet sounds often hold the most beauty . if you want to listen though , you have to slow down sometimes . : tongue : this thread is back ! :p roud :: crazy : love it . maybe you could become an enfj by 2030 , i think you probably wouldn't have any problems with that any more . then again that might be too late for your taste . the scenes with battles in lotr are the least interesting . it is not yet time for it to becaome concrete , am still in university and it will take at least another two years until i have a degree ... but still ... i do have some dreams and hopes , but no ... right now i have a crisis . i have no idea what i want to do later on . i am not depressed , but when i think about my future , i become anxious . is there anything that i want , that i would be good at ? ... my often low energy , often lack of motivation , and difficulties getting to know people . this is probably due my introversion ( the getting to know people thing ) , though some do better i think . it's ... who would not love enfps ? to me , they are the most fun and warmhearted people . i want more of you in my life ! if the people i think are enfps actually are ones . i like them , especially this guy , ... i think this is kind of obvious - being vulerable means to share ( your authenticn self ) , and without vulnerability no intimacy and connection . do you know brené browns work ? that sounds very interesting . do you have any sources that you could share ? : joyous : well , now you have an extra birthday , chosen by special people : joyous : . lucky you :D . [ goes back to lurking ] greed . without it , people don't want to take away anything from anyone except when their lives depend on it . and hate . the remaining cause for violence . yes , these are two . but why shouldn't it ... yes , it is sad ... people are so unreasonale . i think that there are a few who want the power and the riches , and they actually do have advantages from a war . the rest , well they are tricked into ... but why are people this way ? :d ry : most people don't like it anyway .  i thought it was about asking literal war , like why it exists as it's so pointless and cruel ... kind of disappointed now . : unsure : china and japan for me as well . very fascinating cultures and histories and religions . i love anime and chinese dramas . 我学习汉语 , 但是不太容易呢 ... i've learned chinese for quite a while now , but not too ... just wanted to say that it feels like you guys had listened to my thoughts : th_love : amazon.com : zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance : an inquiry into values (9780060589 462 ): robert m . pirsig : books zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance : an inquiry into values by robert ... finally someone who understands what i'm talking about ! those annoying birds ... they should become extinct so we can tend to the most important things . taxes , you name it . my workplace is central to ... interesting topic . for me , that's actually true . except for if i ask for advice and other exceptions . when people tell me what to do , i get the feeling that they don't see me as capable and if i ... i don't understand all this environment-hussle . organic food , alternative energy source , worrying about ecological balance ... what is this movement all about ? things are good as they go , why all ... pros : we can create our own little worlds / don't follow the crowd when it doesn't suit us acceptance and tolerance are no empty words for us peaceful we are loyal and in general good friends can ... '