' the most common dreams i have are my brain pretending very hard that people who aren't real are indeed real . like books , movies , videogames characters i've been obsessing over . or pretending that ... dear myself , you can read up to 700 pages in 36 hours every weekend and wake up on the monday morning with a very weird ( but very real ) sort of hangover if you want to but let's make a deal , no ... well , i think that the existence of life is a coincidence and the reason people think it had to be designed is because of how big and empty the universe looks through our eyes . the chances of life ... hi guys , i didn't see a topic on this subject and i thought it would be cool so here i am . i'm mostly interested in knowing what kind of artists you guys have been following ( if any ) or what ... i especially like the moral dilemmas it throws at you and how it makes you think about artificial intelligence . and in the case you're describing ; what being in pain means for people who are ... dear broken infj , i'm finally happy . i can't help you . i have to move on . pieced back together infj . biased , probably . interesting , definitely . i like their channel . :) how long does it take infjs to say the words i love you ? romantic-wise , i've said it once , took me at least 6 months and only because it was bothering him . friend-wise , i don't say it . family-wise , ...   quite a bad day to find this thread ... all i remember is my mom laying on the floor , she had black eyes and i was hitting her in the face with my foot , and then she turned into bones . so yeah . first ... probably my favorite game ever . have fun . :) i know what you mean . my ex-boyfriend was an entj ( lasted one year when i was 16 ) , and in the last two years i went through some stuff grief and anxiety wise , and because i was curious one day i ... i don't know , i guess i am distant , not that i don't like people , i think that people are the most important thing in the world . and it's not that i wouldn't want to be in a relationship either but i ... do you know about the simulation paradox ? it's basically the idea that if we can ever achieve a technological point where we can create conscious worlds and beings , and that humanity doesn't outlaw ... forget the result ( istj ) and just listen to what he has to say about the questions . he clearly disagrees with that specific part of the result related ... dear entj , i remember fondly your straightforwardness and how you used to tell me that i was ' pretty and charming ' . infj . no because one day you're bound to cheat and feel guilty about it . eat healthy and exercise but you shouldn't have the never eat sugar or junk food again or else mind set . you're not the worst ... good luck with that . if you have questions , i'm ready to answer them but i don't have the patience to educate people who just wants to spew hate at me . elspeth fine , you're right , the adjective thing wasn't exactly a good explanation but i still stand behind the fact that it's incorrect because whether it's homosexuality , bisexuality , ... they are transgender people . and it's trans ( gender ) man and trans ( gender ) woman . transgender is an adjective , not a noun nor a verb , and as such is separate from the noun . you use it the same way ... 711570 i think this is interesting because people often say that thinking that it's a ' new trendy thing ' but when you start reading about it you realize that there's a lot of proof that trans ... i wouldn't mind dating a trans person . personally , i just like reading on that stuff and i find very interesting anything related to languages so i like terminology ... very cute kitty . my cat was ... i'm a 3 on the kinsey scale . once i have a strong crush on someone i can't think of anyone else until i've moved on . the mere idea of a hook-up make me feel uncomfortable in my own skin anyway ... i meant anyone as in any gender , not anyone as in ... anyone . god no ! lool . and it's called demi-sexual nowadays . 711522 his name is bubulle ( bubble in french ) . this thread is a fucking mess and no one has a damn clue of what they're talking about . good job spreading ignorance guys . p . s . : transgenderism is not even a word . would you say gayism ? no . i'm one of the most monogamous people out there but i can be monogamous with anyone . that's literally all pansexual means . and yes i do like cats , of course . there's one sleeping in my bed right ... i like the comparison . most women behaving like cats are introverts . maybe do get a cat lool . i personally know some entjs , and felix is clearly one . infj : arrogant bitch , you ’ re not worth the trouble . infp : get off your high horse , and i ’ m the one who ’ s fake ? istp : insensitive and bull-headed , fuck you . entj : is there even anything human under ... anything for muyskerm ( bob muyskerns ) or lordminion 777 ( wade barnes ) ? i'm curious . i've been experiencing winter downs for 10 years . this year i've also experienced summer agitation . i can't deal with too much heat , rain makes me sad , loud thunderstorm makes me panicky even though ... everyone should . 0-0 ( not obsessed i swear ) where ? jack got enfj . watch the video again lool . i'm watching his videos basically daily , and he's clearly a fe-dom . and btw pewdiepie is at an entj , maybe an intj , but he's not an infp . people who : micromanage others . think that they're smarter than everyone else . think that they know what's best for others . try to force others into things they don't want . only open their mouth ... i'm only gonna state a few things a ) you know what depression is , you should remember how hard it was to get through , and that ' moping around ' and low self-esteem are the hardest symptoms of ... for me , those two things aren't mutually exclusive . i'm still walking down my own path . it's like ... looking across the street at the other person's path and understanding where they're coming from ... well , i highly doubt we could coexist with dinosaurs so ... :p if anything i agree with person who said attack on titans and that's a terrifying idea lool . this . whenever i'm waiting somewhere , i put on music and imagine a band on stage , or i play out a music video in my mind . usually , a very subjective , unrelated one . my memory rely a lot on images so ... i don't want to be a downer but if dinosaurs had not gone extinct , we would be a few thousands if not millions years backwards . mammals would probably have not evolved past the various species of ... and i would stick to people before morals . not that it means i would do things i considered wrong to please people , but to me there's more to humanity than morals . what i don't like in people is when ... actually , in some place of the world , you can marry a grown man to a 12 years old girl and without internet no one would question it . also , death penalties . i understand what you mean , but ... i don't really know how to explain it to be honest , i don't really think about this that often and while i'm typing it out i can see that there's contradictions in what i believe in , but i don't feel ... this is probably true . i'd be curious to know when you started believing in god . well , maybe not ' started ' but you know . my infp friend has this story about how one day she found herself through ... that's definitely a way of thinking i can get behind . well , the only thing we don't really have in common is religion , so i guess she thinks it's a sacrifice she's willing to make .  ... '