' my mom is an enfp . in a nutshell , she's worked her whole life to support me as a single mother , and would climb to the ends of the earth to keep me safe and happy . she's very protective however she ... watch out for the sneak attack of comparative relations : a socionics term for the relationship between you and your shadow type ( entj ) . you will get along deceptively well with your shadow type ... very insightful response sir . im actually extremely familiar with jungs work on the original archetypes , collective unconscious , anima , and the shadow , aswell as shadow types ( not necessarily jungs ... those are good points man . ive tried the whole talking to people in class . i have a few chaps i associate with and although its never left the class we seem to get along well . as for study groups - i ... making people feel good about themselves by offering them a different perspective . by knowing exactly what people want to hear from analyzing what they say , how they say it and deducing their language function . a generalization : extraverted feelers : compliments . they ... question - how old are you if you don't mind me asking ? extroverted intuition develops between the ages of 12-20 roomates yelled at me and my girlfriend , so now i hate them , but they don't know that lol . this sounds like a good idea ! however difficult to do if you do not have a friend base to kick off ... i'm stuck , heeelp . everything seems meaningless but smoking weed , school , and guitar . what do i do ? ? lmao no but seriously i think it has something to do with the deadly ti loop that ... it comes down to : understand more , do less and understand less but do more . if you are more devoted to truth then production then you are going to come in to conflict with people who value production ... hey guys im looking for theories and concepts i haven't yet to find about the human condition . mostly new and up and coming theories that are relatively credible what kind ? well perhaps if i give you ... the only thing that makes sense is nature . every other man made abstraction either only partly makes sense , or doesnt make sense at all and we are conditioned to believe that it makes sense . on another note - the amount of complicated and intricate patterns that exist in nature is quite impressive and indicative of design . however ive become quite the advocate of as above so below ... no worries man . being a religious primary ti user i could only imagine the amount of internal logical justification that you go through . it makes sense that you would so tenaciously defend your ... honestly man that took me like an hour and a half to write and im getting kind of sick of this perspective .. lol . anyways .. god rocks and exists through deism ! i wouldve man but i was ... how can someone be different moralitys of neutral . i understand lawful neutral and chaotic neutral but neutral-good and neutral-bad dont make sense to me as they are contradictory of each other . one ... lol sorry i changed that message to a <3 cause i fixed all the spaces <3 you got your sources directly from this page and your post from ezekiel onwards is exact verbatim of what is said here . i found this by simply ... i actually like this guy lol ( 2fast4u ) it's so much more fun debating a relatively logical christian xd who doesn't simply brush things off with the faith argument . not to mention that you have ... theres been no mention of a jesus by any know scholar , scribe or historian during the time of , and in the area he supposedly existed in . beyond that ; if you study ancient cosmology , astrology ... what's igtheism ? i dont answer those questions because i can logically deduce that the answers are completely and utterly beyond comprehension . it would be unfathomable to concieve the designer of a universe with ... hey guys i've been thinking about this one for sometime now . say we're depicting an imaginary world of only fe-ti users . an individual approach to logic , with a collective approach to feeling that ... arts of the martial variety .. lol no but seriously music 2 . intps seem lazy because they're ti / ne make them leverage seekers . they think ( sometimes for a very long time ) about the most efficient way to get something done in the least amount of time with the ... i don't think a society can function without different parts . that's like saying ' we can rebuild the entire body out of testicular cells and be just fine ' ... when in reality we'd just be a ... religion is used by the religious to 1 . explain things they cannot possibly comprehend . such as the origins of the universe and how we came to be . 2 . as a crutch to pacify themselves in times of ... it's a spectrum , not a totality ... you're most likely intx read in to the cognitive functions . this means that you're thinking function could theoretically be the purest form thereof . somewhere ... i thought it was quite obvious ... majority-minority warfare . obviously if a certain type of person is more common then another then the lesser will be repressed and austricized . this is the global ... i train 3-4 days a week in san da ( competitive wushu ) . strangely enough , i'm intp and have been active my entire life . in high school it was fitness class and afterwards when i didn't have a ... i believe sociopaths and psychopathy could be the extreme repression and underdevelopment of feeling functions . think about it - if you were a psychiatrist examining the traits and history of an ... the inefficiently wasteful , outdated and self propagating system we call monetary-market . i'm 6 ' 5 and i've trained in sanda / wushu as well as mixed martial arts for 3 years . i often walk around with a black hoody on and earphones in and unfortunately im also cursed with the ti thinkin ' ... yeah good call - either that or intj im leaving out a lot of details that would answer your question :p hey guys i need help with my fiction . basically say a bunch of nanobots got together and decided they wanted to be human . i cant give out to much becase its a part of a story . but basically this ... i posted this thread in the general nt forum aswell but should i also post it in the intjs ? this is a very good idea - thank you . wolfrahm like i said , i left out a lot of details one of which is that they dont just decide to be human they do spread via a nano-infection which is ... intps have made some of the most revolutionary discoveries and changes in our civilization . your answer is no . do you have really loud speakers ? to make things seem more epic and exciting then they actually are - when everyone is blabbering their uninteresting drabble you should inconspicuously press play on a ... if we were punctual and hard-working , we wouldn't be geniuses . genius has no time for the constraints of labour and timeline . ;P my ni guesses usually fail . most of the time it's when i try to pull a sherlock holmes and make an incredibly large assumption based on an inconspicuous fact .. lol hey guys i need help with my fiction . basically say a bunch of nanobots got together and decided they wanted to be human . i cant give out to much becase its a part of a story . but basically this ... awesome , thanks ! hey guys i need help with my fiction . basically say a bunch of nanobots got together and decided they wanted to be human . i cant give out to much becase its a part of a story . but basically this ... ista - i'm on an iphone . theres no enter key .. - . - thats probably part and parcel to why were considered the most intellgent of the types however . an insatiable curiosity = gathering an incredible amount of knowledge over time . even einstein said he ... whats your secret ? i find it exceedingly difficult to find words to match my overcomplex and complicated thought processes . so i say very little , or share brief glimpses of insight when i manage to ... i dont ramble . because usually when i do im legitimately all over the place , like to a point where its almost nonsensical . i try to find the most acurate words to express what im thinking as clearly ... '