' i thought you meant you were literally rewriting physics based on your own scientific endeavors , but this is lame and i can't help goodbye i hate everything , intp ( ? ) goddamn i hate having oblivious se ... wrong forum , thanks perc for not letting me delete my posts oh wait wtf i'm prolly a nine here . i have add and asperger's and gad / sad ( and consequently also avpd ) so i could be of some help ~ but whether or not i'm istj is still a question i ask myself ... well i don't really cope with ...  i don't enjoy sleep as anything more than a way to not feel like shit . it takes me around 7 to 8 hours to not feel like shit . : 3 infps ... they see everyone as monsters out to kidnap and torture them . but really they can't be helped . ok i guess this video link doesn't work ... its depressing to imagine the day something like this would be dead ... i actually want everyone to lose including myself . :( ill take a chance ~ lol there's games made just for that xd have you played towers unite ? it looks like second life but with lots of mini-games and condo parties . * sigh * :( or drink more so you can spend more time alone in the bathroom . cx this makes no sense lol ... why are we now using loveable as a term to define the absence of romance and sexuality ? obviously fe . it is extroverted . unless you are referring to ixfj vs ixfp , and / or exfj vs exfp . especially given that in mbti extroverts have higher energy and are more prone to action . i really fucking hate this dichotomy ... i could be both if i wanted to ; - ; and i could want both if i wanted to . but i think organization is more natural for me given my anxiety for physical ... spontaneous , unscheduled bowel movements ( not from experience actually ) awhh this is not the same test they have now ... it's a lame two option quiz - _ - no damn alphabet here .. intp and infp were equal ~ intj , istp , infj , and isfp are tied for second place . then istj ... wat ... kimuchuu but this thread told me to make it , i didn't really want to greet this forum but it had to be done . > _ < all lies ! ! don't trust any of this ! ! you poop alone this is the worst question one could ask ... i currently am wondering to myself why this is a thread . @ ~ @ i'm thinking about how annoying the buttons on this website are ... some of them don't work , and others just link to a random page rather than the last page in the thread . = w = wtf ? hiii . thanks everyone . ^ ^ gracias ~ just a little shy . > ~ > pumpkin spice latte is my favourite starbucks coffee drink ! well i drink coffee black at home but when i go to starbucks i see no point to not indulging my stomach ... such a boring question , obviously not your type . > : ( there really is not much to say on this topic ... pe dominants , that's all you'll get from me , and it may even be the most you can narrow it ... eugh , gross . please find better interests . ooooh ~ all / i / do is play games ! but i somehow come out not boring ... maybe it's because i think too much and so have too much in my head to not be boring ... but really most of the time my mind is ... nu , i have to follow the website's rules , stop encouraging criminal behaviour . :'( welp here it is . : blushed : hello forum '