' it's possible the future will look more like the past , with families moving outside the cities to live on larger lots and to grow the majority of their own food , with more and more people being able ... i'm willing to bet the majority of folk in most urban areas commute back and forth down the main thoroughfares , so buses running loops will work just fine as it does for ny and their subways . on the ... more people need to work from home , more people need to compost their food scraps , more people need to grow organic gardens eat healthier and reduce pharmaceutical consumption , more people need ... individual transportation doesn't make a whole lot of sense . we have the internet and gps , why not have buses that run loops and have online maps that track their locations . 50 + cars heading the same ... they are not the cheapest when you take into account negative externalities like ocean acidificatoin , and air / water / land pollution . they just happen to be the most profitable because for instance ... carcinogenic chemicals to be precise . the fauna don't need jobs making chemicals . maslow's hierarchy of needs ; the fauna need fresh air , organic food , clean water , all of that is being taken away ! i fear the children of this nation will be left with nothing but polluted lands , air , and water . i fear they are being sold out to corporate pollution for profit . i fear the people of this land will ... the flora and fauna are too high on fracking fluid , methane and co2 to know what the hell hit them . i suspect a large number of the people who go along with the farce year after year are drinking the ... donating to their front pocket yes , to their back pockets , another story . maybe in the case of iceland or france i could agree with you ; in the u . s . i respectfully disagree with your assumption . to the point anyone have any suggestion of a name ? before we are ... did you know that the united states is the 2nd largest energy consumer and the majority of the energy consumed in the u . s . is derived from fossil fuels , in 2010 , data showed 25 % of the nation's ... presidents are sold to the public and hired by the oil & gas companies . the u . s . is a corporatocracy get your facts clear . any suggestions ? somewhere between ' idiocracy ' & ' blade runner ' . i'd like to hear your examples of how an entp would properly go about screening potential suitors . any specific tricks or tests or psychology / reverse psychology that are fair game ? for instance ... and the idea is to ... is it common for enfj's to enjoy to read the news ? what news is of interest to you ? it is ok to lie if the other party knows the truth and a lie is for pleasantries ; to be clear i would make the truth irrefutably clear , enfj's can meticulously determine the truth in minute detail ... the current system control establishes / mandates social & economic norms . alternative will be to revert to innate systems . if the gvt's ( current form ) did not exist tomorrow , what would ... ... a decade or two of chaos then hopefully something better will come along ... in the future if the top 1 % do not maintain the foundation that supported & enabled them then the capitalist system will collapse . google ’ s self-driving car - smartplanet in the future global social structural development will occur more rapidly through use of an online open political discussion platform that will enable all eligible citizens to negotiate ... and that government of the people , by the people , for the people , shall not perish from the earth . ~ ole abe , he was a dreamer , shame he has to now rollover in his grave . the same government whose ... i recall the scene in 1984 where he walks into his apartment and describes the screen on his wall that monitors him and his one corner where he is out of view . between the tsa and dhs i am half ... words don't kill people . people kill people . words foster ideas . ideas for good or evil . ideological wars are more powerful that any bomb . if the gov't wants to fight a war they should write a ... total : 50mm usd operations budget day ( 1-365 ): lease top floors 5,6 , 7 the ritz london ( 365 days ) est . 5mm usd assemble team 45,000 * 50 = 2.25 mm usd lease bulk carrier 365 days = 4.5 mm usd i wonder do entps have the juevos and will to cross desserts mountains oceans seeking out their dream or do they give up and settle ? that reminds me of the monologue at the end of trainspotting . due to circumstance beyond my control my cast has been limited as of late . reality has ... no one gets to write their own story . in the end i choose to be so stubborn . i might not get to fill in the blanks , but i can sure as hell write the madlib ! starri , thank you for that ... i watched this film , having been recommended it twice this month . the less you know about someone the more your mind will fill in the blanks . and you really don't want to let go of someone you ... nonsense , she returned , nonsense . this will pass in no time . never , estella ! you will get me out of your thoughts in a week . out of my thoughts ! you are part of my existence , part of ... great expectations ! something of the pip & estella genre . she is entp . a decade and 1/2 her senior that is > than 1/2 her life i hope fate to teach me irony one divided was not enough a decade on this earth and i had found a diamond in the rough . a decade later i returned to find a true flawless blue . had been cased not a week before ; robbed by a false idol , what could i do ... i live among the creatures of the night starri , i am glad to humor you with my delusions . i have had a flawed perception of reality i dreamt first and when reality did not follow suit my mind was left deceived , accordingly it adapted to ... starri maybe you can help me seeing as you are part of the 1 % that can have an original idea ! as we are posting on a personality forum i won't convolute my dilemma with a vague analogy ; my same ... insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results ~ einstein i had an aha moment today when reflecting to answer a very simple question what did i expect ? well ... to earn 1mm usd , it is not the $ but the experience the trials and tribulations that give you strength . money is pissed away by those who have no appreciation i both pity and despise recipients of ... i watched a few clips of this on the u-tube , they sound like st's to me . to elaborate nt's are guarded and hide their true selves . in their minds they have this formula something like , money + ... nt's are like the people on the tv . they talk , they smile , and they look so perfect , at the end of the day it's all just an act . they are so concerned with how they are perceived that they lose their ... i hear thinkers say i feel way more often than feelers especially when they are trying to describe a group sentiment ... e . g . i feel like everyone / or your ... that's abitsilly , ignorance is to blame not man . who's the more foolish : the fool , or the fool who follows him ? love ? , money ? what do you regret ? what would you have done different ? what do you value more ; love ? stability ? connection ? chemistry ? to those in their 20s , do you look to the now ... a bit off topic but say an extrovert went all nf & p on an nt ( reacquainted childhood sweetheart ) say by writing ( typing ) letters every few days ( for a year ) and sent quite a few songs ( think sappy 70s ) ... i prefer to fly under the radar , to much attention and you lose your anonymity . i'm quite alright with not being liked saves me the trouble of being fake . though i must note that its a rare ... re moving quickly : physically ? and / or emotionally ? i am extraordinarily particular with whom i date or open up to . if i don't see the potential for a long term relationship i wont bother period . ... an entp ... and not in a good way i still can't sit on that part of my ass it's a little sore , i think she drew blood ..  ... let's try a revised approach to this inquiry ... what types do enjoy ... '