' its a fascinating thing , but it is truly amazing how anyone could possibly believe in these things . television with forms of mysticism are fun to watch though ; such as taboo i smoke an unknowable amount of weed , cigarettes occasionally and sometimes dabble with psychedelics and benzos . i only drink alcohol socially - i never really acquired the taste  for me it's simply because once you tell someone something , whether it be good or bad , it can never be taken back . in almost every case , what you said ... season 2 is worth watching if you haven't seen it yet hitman : absolution , after that i'll be playing blood money . i'm replaying them while i wait for more episodes of hitman ( 2016 ) to come out . figured i'd try listening to them after the won the grammy for best metal album this year , and hearing all the hype earlier in the year . pretty good band .    crime story about a gang leader in a post apocalyptic story ( fallout new vegas type of city . ) can we stop making these sjw threads every couple weeks ? it always causes a shitstorm . but while i'm typing , i'll just say that radical feminists and sjws are fucking insane . they complain about ... the other animals did register . this is just a bigger deal to most people , because cecil was as you know famous , protected , and in a study . ( and he had cubs that are probably going to get killed ) i seem to be on a johnny cash kick again had to the martian - andy weir this but with sheep i did not expect 5 post quotes . why do so many infjs post in the what are you listening to thread on the intp forum ? theirs has more posts , and it seems like their own type would be better suited for their music tastes .  i'm an intp tri-gendered pyrofox i do this a lot . it's a really good way to find drug dealers in my town . i've seen people hooking up in public . and some other interesting things , but it's mostly people walking home or to work . why what ? brown eyes are average , or why arcane meant that ? guess the type the scream tv show is actually pretty good . didn't expect mtv to do that well . why ? it all depends on the person . also these online test are totally unreliable . i got 139 though  good job breaking rule 1 & 2 they meant that brown eyes are average . this post . the conspiracy against the human race - thomas ligotti thus spoke zarathustra - nietzsche the devil all the time - donald ray pollock why the fuck does vevo make so many channels ? now they have channels for the music in shows instead of just the artists lol . 3584333584 65 internetaristocrat / mistermetokur is amazing welcome to perc ! most people stick to their type's forum , so you could go to the isfp page . the general interests pages are fun , i have a feeling that you would like the trends forum . am i the only one who thinks win 10 will be at the very least good ? xntj you can't change types 355441 yes a lot of people . the majority of the viewers were not let down though . ~ ~ ~ it's good so far . people and critics are just saying ... people who think charles manson is a serial killer really need to research what they're classifying someone as . he killed what ? 1 person ? by definition he would have to kill 2 more people to be ... 354210my mind is like a bunch of interconnected rust cohle-ish storage containers . sociopaths can have an mbti . '