learning isn't about memorizing facts and data . learning is about understanding the general concept or big picture . once you get this framework down it's much easier to understand where the pieces of ... isfj ? except no one did this . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? well i resonate with a lot of different personality portraits . i often test different things depending on when i take the test . ... nevermind , after re-watching your video i'm going with intp . i think what i considered elaboration at first is actually a combination of ti + ne . particularly you're exploring all of the possible ... this one was a bit hard . i was stuck between intp and istj . however , i'm going with istj iirc ti does a concise , terse summary ( michael pierce ) . you hardly do that at all , instead you elaborate a ... bump . i'm pretty much narrowed down to istp intp or istj mm i'll describe my impression of ti usage . in essence it's the act of breaking down a object . essentially you get rid of the fluff and appearances of a object to understand its fundamentals . for ... i constantly start with mmm or mmhmmm at the start of my post . you can prolly find quite a few if you look at my post history . usually it means i found a topic i'm interested in . uh i can see how a ... mm according to michael pierce ti uses knowledge as an end in and of itself . te uses knowledge as a means to an end . his example is isaac newton who discovered calculus as a means to understanding ... hmm . i watched michael pierce's videos on the intp and istj . the istj is very different than my impression from many online profiles of the istj . i can relate a lot with the istj depicted on michael ... hm interesting . i read up a bit on the istj profile . i hardly know the type very well , but i gathered a decent idea of what they're about . i relate more with the intp profile . this one in ... . i think esfp - and i'm pretty confident in that . i will try . i just would like to note i think it's kind of ironic that ne is possibly my inferior function . i've actually been typed by interpersonality as an intp . okay took a cognitive functions test te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 95 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 90 % ) your ... cs - but i think i'm going to change to math . yeah i'm not buying into the hype either . i usually don't have much fun with wrpgs except for certain missions , like oblivions dark brotherhood missions - or the time in fallout 3 when you were in ... . this is pretty much the same as the studying thread . over working and over studying leads to a decrease in efficiency . the solution is periodic breaks . assuming you're in school , or have gone to school , what's your major or degree in ? it depends on what you're studying . the harder stem courses require more studying than the soft , or social , sciences . math for example demands a certain amount of studying , where as some soft science ... ya - screw this guy for trying to hit on someone out of his league . infp - sometimes so much wasted potential . but i still love you guys . - i'm prolly intj for future poster . i need 15 posts so i'm posting my 15th here . enfp based on a quick skim of your posts i suppose that's one reason why si is so strongly associated with tradition . the act of carrying out a tradition leaves an impression that reminds them of past times they had the impression . again i ... hmm that's tough for me then . i have some trigger sensory stimuli that invokes the same nostalgic impressions for me . for example listening to old game music like chrono trigger frog theme will take ... ah that makes sense . i'm wondering , for an si dom would they get these impressions very often , even from everyday objects ? ahh i see , that makes sense . ni uses the object as a boot strap to start the musing process - which is it's primary focus . the object is merely a catalyst and loses focus after the process has ... based on your definition of the functions , i'd have to say that i believe everyone uses both . honestly , i think everyone has subjective musings about objects presented to them . this could be in the ... bump ... does no one have any thoughts on this ? hi all , i'm wondering if i'm using ni here . i looked at michael pierces videos and my impression is that i use ni te fi se in that order , but i'm not certain . i'm fairly sure of the te fi stack , ...