' deep thought from the book i am reading : in the journey of the soul , the ammunition is always live . the syndetic paradigm : the untrodden path beyond freud and jung ( i have owned this book for 7 years ... and each time put it down b / c i can barely get through the 2nd chapter . never before have ... i have grown to hate the theoretical cognitive function-oriented descriptions of this , so i am intentionally avoiding them . what i tend to do though is show enthusiasm to folks i like , to the ... my wife is one , although she doesn't hang out on forums . i don't honestly have many conversations with her about it beyond going to church with her once in a blue moon . ( i personally consider myself ... every unit of thought and every observation in my field of consideration usually has some sort of weighted worthfulness value tagged with it , to use a metaphor i find useful . the thing is , that ... ditto . an epiphany of sorts . would love to hear feedback on that . fwiw , i have noticed you totally trolling the enfj subforum here . as an outsider unfamiliar with your situation , your posts have been sounding pretty much tonedeaf and reek of butthurt inferior-fe ... that's one way to ask somebody out . now this is mysterious ... happy to be of service ! ;) adroelectro aessidhe dawn of the light eggsies guimpiv imaginary numb 3r jennywocky merry in sunshine no , but i do suspect him to be an stj of some sort . i've had great rapport with ntp types ... but i've not personally known any ntp women . enfp's ( both genders ) i've known have been a lot of fun and easy to relate to . infp not quite as well . ... ( assuming you are referring to portland , or and not portland , me ) portland is beautiful . as long as you're ok with the sun hardly ever shining for many many ( winter ) months out of the year , ... he's got one perspective on it all . i have been reading ( well , really re-reading , as before i never thoroughly read it ) naomi quenk's was that really me ? lately and she has another good ... i read all of pum ( 1st ) and pum ii . you can safely skip pum . pum ii has all of it and a lot more iirc . welcome ! you should find plenty of info to whet your appetite here :) do you find driving ( automobile ) stressful ? i always figured your opposite type ( istp ) is usually stereotyped as a type who loves that kind of thing , so i wondered if the opposite was true for enfj ... 2008 subaru forester ( manual , premium ed . which is just a small step up from base but added limited-slip rear differential which i wanted ) . great vehicle . a cup of tea from looseleaf imported direct from china ( via aliexpress ) ... dian hong curled red tea ( black tea ) . intense sweet malty aroma of prunes and dates ... yum it just occurred to me after reading aessidhe ' s music upliftment thread , i never listen to music to feel better . i listen to music either to induce a trance or introspective state , or to feel worse ... yeah , i have never found programming experiences in school ( only took 1 in college ) to be all that ... interesting . all the programming i've done that's stimulated my mind has been my own projects ... the one solution that is the shortest , most efficient , easiest to read is definitely some simplistic thinking imo . it's an ideal ... that's rarely ever achieved for much time . ( enter : ... might as well start them ! one in each of the other nt forums ... edit : or just one in the main nt forum , whatever you think would garner more results ... now to add , i do know intj programmers who do quite well ... i haven't really had these types of theoretical discussions with them , but i do often wonder how their thought processes differ from ... from the point where you start learning programming , until the point at which you're constructing large projects ... you're grokking the architecture of something alien to you , starting with simple ... i think it's totally about ti , or can be anyhow . ti is part of what helps us mentally predict the behavior of different programs without having to go through and mentally or physically analyze it ... pretty good . still miffed that my kids are waking us up in the middle of the night , but with my first cup of pu'erh tea down the hatch things should start improving . lol the variety is nice , but it ends up being do i choose something ethnic or just indulge in childhood memories and get pancakes + syrup + butter ? interesting about the beancurd kung pao . i'd ... welcome ! welcome ! for my damned kids to be potty trained ! ! seriously it's been 12 practically traumatizing months we've been trying to get my oldest trained ... yuck lol well hope you find time to relax ! ok my turn - kayak.com basically makes the choices pretty simple ... and i've never had to fret over meals b / c i don't even know that most of those airlines ... i do think i would have trouble choosing among that many meals ! what are they ? ( great detail , please ! let us waste your time in luxury ! lol ) you get meals on the airplane ? lol we barely get snacks on cross-country trips in the us these days :P ( stingy bastards ! ) after reading the first 1/3 rd of your op and eventually skimming the rest , the first thing that came to mind is no sj would spend that much effort typing and elaborating on their desire to ... i must have it easy - i've never seen that before ! i've seen her angry before but nothing to that extent ... i think my wife has a much less stimulated temperament about her though . welcome ! so the cafebot doesn't always chime in on these intro threads ? welcome ! it does seem like there are a lot of newcomers here ... myself being one i wonder how feasible it would be to put a temp + humidity sensor inside the handlebar muffs on my motorcycle . then wirelessly datalog the conditions inside there and try to remember to jot down how ... ( thread necromancy ! ) i had some long drawn-out preachy reply to this thread i was going to post , then erased it because i don't care to preach to folks who can probably see right through me ... ... i think i can relate to some of that ... i am always looking to wind down when i get home , but there's never a chance i get relaxation time until the kids are down ( ours are 2 & 3 , so it's a little ... for those of you with children , what kinds of experiences related to child-rearing ( motherhood or fatherhood ) stress you out ? there is a whole lot about child-rearing that can stress us out , but i ... this is a bit rough because the esfj i have in mind i have not confirmed his type ( it's just a strong hunch ) , but with that caveat delivered ... esfjs will engage in talk about specific events , or ... 33 hi folks , i've probably read about typology since ~ 2004 or so , and took a myers-briggs test in 2000 ( college ) . i am pretty much solid on intp , enneagram is a bit more enigmatic to me ... either 5 or ... i wooed my ( now-wife , enfj ) with a folder portfolio of my best outdoor pics i'd taken ... with a post-it note snuck in the back asking her out on a date . then i kept up the post-it note motif for a ... hi folks , new here , my wife's an enfj . of course it goes without saying she has a heart of gold , as i believe you all do ;-) the main thing that gets to me is the manipulative tendencies ... they ... '