' i think joffrey is i not e , sfj seems right though . unhealthy expression of isfj but i think it fits nonetheless . all his nurturing qualities have become completely self insulating and petulant . ... i want to steal this idea so badly . infp . the late robert anton wilson once said , belief is the death of intelligence . that would apply to believing there is no god just as much as any other belief . atheism's adherents in ... 83050 esfp for being indecisive . you know you're an infp male when your woman says notice something different about me ? and you already did . casting my vote for entj . he's a funny guy that's for sure . no there really is no correlation . i don't do those things on any kind of regular scheduled basis . well , i did have a yoga routine for a few months that i kept rigorously , which is impressive for my ... i've been able to frequently pick up when someone was lying but i'm so confrontational and emotional about lying that someone who is a manipulator can really give me the run-a-round if i'm not ... that's a really good point i hadn't considered . i never take stock of the feelings i get when it happens . that whole bit about psych meds is why i just want to stay away from them . i've been down ... i've been into astral projection ( lucid dreaming , same thing ) , meditation and yoga for a while . i already know quite a bit and have a lot more to learn . i'm a bit concerned over this the only ... it is symptomatic of the problem . as are paranoid delusions . i'm not sure . it used to happen to be kind of rarely as a kid , before i was in kindergarten i remember it happening sometimes . there's one incident that really stands out . i was raised catholic by 2 ... no . i keep telling myself to but no . procrastination and all . i knew a really cool buddhist nun . awesome lady , very funny , loved to brag about the time she stayed next to the room h . h . the dalia lama was in on retreat . she's a jew from brooklyn , liked to watch ... i scored a whopping 88 % ne on my latest test and have never scored below 70 % that i can remember . i've taken the mbti more than 10 times , almost always come out as an infp but the order of dominant ... while i also like the system of chakras i resent the implication that porn use is of a ' lower level ' than aversion to the physical realm . i would see life as absolutely purposeless if pleasure were ... you're only assuming that because the second one was like that . the first one was a 27 year old neurotic mama's boy who came across as pedantic , overly logical and incredibly submissive . he thought i ... also this time around she doesn't seem to want to leave my side , is constantly saying i love you and just being extremely attentive . it's bothering me because i'm just waiting for her to go all ... i appreciate you sharing your perspective ; could you elaborate on what about it makes you so uncomfortable ? why does it make me a sick person , in your mind ? i am bothered by it but she claims she's always seen people who use porn as ' disgusting ' and she's very very judgmental about it . she's a bit of a prude and without bragging i can say i've opened her ... i think it does come down to me having to explain she's being unrealistic . the problem is i know she's probably going to just leave if i do and i am starting to really believe that if that's going to ... i know all this is likely true , you really get to the vital components when you talk about her seeing me as weak and whipped while desiring a strong man in her life . i do often feel emasculated by ... i'm gonna say he probably is doubting whether he is in love with you . now that may not mean he isn't ; an infp's feelings are often very complicated things and emotional trauma , especially with sexual ... hahahahahaha ! yes , she's absolutely loony . i am too though . from my personal view , infps are quite liberal in sharing their feelings ; they'll share them with anyone they don't anticipate might ridicule them for it . often infps are very good at expressing ... i'm an infp , npif in order of strongest to weakest letter ( n is crazy strong , i've scored as high as 88 % n and barely have any f dominance , it edges over t by a single digit each time i test ) . my ... i really want to post a link to an israeli airstrike that was carried out over damascus in may . it's a youtube link showing what is purported to be a small nuke exploding on a mountainside in ... i wonder if infps have a better grasp on what's going on in syria right now or if my cognitive bias has me favoring your perspective because it's so similar to mine . they are planning to do it because it is the same tactic the us has used to assert regional dominance for a decade . divide and conquer . us congress has never voted against taking military action in ... this is the question everyone from your average person watching the news to top strategists at the pentagon is asking . russia and china are also feeling the tension . syria and these nerve gas ... i wanted to highlight this statement here because this is the view a lot of people are taking on america's approach to syria and i think there's a basic misunderstanding of the interests driving the ... when you collect random junked things because at the time you picked it up you had some idea for what it could potentially be . example , i found a bunch of broken box fans the other day and picked ... rluai moody , not good at sports , low energy level , unable to speak up for self , avoidant , depressed , withdrawn , attracted to things associated with sadness , easily frightened , feels ... estj , this was a very interesting exercise . i am definitely nothing like an estj normally but it was fun to imagine me operating that way as if it were my default . it also had me aware that while by ... '