' just butting in here for a second . it's of my understanding that , in the time most abortions take place , the foetus hasn't developed the part of the brain responsible for sentience . abortions that ... ... what ? whoa , you make a terrible first impression . theorist instead of making the intp exist in the physical world , i think it'd be cool to have an intp main character where the whole show is based purely in their head , maybe hey hey , kurt wasn't full of lies , he had a vision ( his music ) , and he felt that as a person , he wasn't as interesting as he needed to be to make his music stick with people . people like art with a ... if it makes any difference , i'm equally 4w5 and 6w5 . i'm writing this from a mobile device , so i won't be able to write this as clearly as i'd like , but basically ( as the title suggests ) , i have no idea what type i am . for a good year , i consistently ... * bump * since adventure time has gotten heavier , what with the ice king's past beig explored more , lady being pregnant , etc . , anyone have any more ideas ? just from reading , your husband reminds me of my type 9 infj brother hi hello hey everyone , i've got a tiny problem here and i'm hoping maybe some of y'all can help me out , infj to infjs ? my boyfriend is working on a creative project of sorts that involves creative ... infj here , and i hope i'm not too late and doing no service by posting this , but anyway i actually enjoy compliments , depending on the situation . if its just me and one person who i'm close with ... yes , please just wash your dishes out and be responsible and considerate financially . ( i'm an infj , almost an isfj , just wanted to echo the poster before me ) hey , sorry for taking so long to reply ( over two weeks jeees u_u ) , but i guess you guys are right , i'm just being too hard on myself sometimes . kinda difficult not to be , maybe it's an infj thing ? ... cutting to the chase here , when i first joined this forum , i was like yeah , i'm an infp , but i'm an asshole and none of the others are , what the hell am i doing with my life then i retook the test ... i don't see why someone couldn't be equal parts thinking and feeling . favourite band of all time , that's all i really have to say . i realise you are saying that the majority of people in our society are superficial , but straight out saying looks matter , so you better conform to what is stereotypically seen as attractive is ... lol just lol yes , allowing all animals , but cats is rude to cat owners . irrationally hating an entire species is really messed up in the head . what ... the ... fuck ? this is blatant bullying . i hate this mentality so much . okay , but why allow literally every other pet but cats . i'm sure there are plenty of other pets that humans can keep which would creep you out more than a cat ever could . i strongly dislike dogs , ... cats are the best pet . you . are . me . D: i think i'd still call him a sugar daddy ! maybe there is a separate term for it , though . i would flip the fuck out , and do whatever i could in my power to save the cat , all while probably screaming . i actually think brock might be infj . violin , theremin , glass harmonica , cello , lap steel guitar , wurlitzer electric piano , flute , church organ , and some jazz chords on a good ol ' guitar . :) not so sure about 4 . i'm a 4 and i have the opposite problem ; e . g . i can't do anything everyone else can , i fail at being a human , etc . thanks you guys . i guess he really was an infp , huh ? i know this has been asked a billion times , but what do you guys think kurt cobain's type was ? i'm honestly stuck between thinking he was a very bitter infp and thinking he was an extremely upset ... actually from my memory of the show , it totally seems like it . sorry bro holy shit , besides the typism in this post , you are me to a t . if only more people felt this way ... i was actually thinking entj just from my gut , though i haven't gotten a real good impression of her . basically , drunk people are esfps . fuck anyone who thinks they are always right . fuck you fuck you fuck you yeah , there is no way avril is an infp . also , i think enfp is a pretty good guess . good lord , you guys with your typing anyone slightly interesting and emotional as infp ... yeah , but that was my point , i tend not to bottle mine up and i can't really enjoy myself if something is currently wrong . and my values aren't hating humanity , my values are just to be good to ... you don't have to go to cooolleeege . ;) alright , so i've been reading up on the mbti for quite awhile , and have typed as an infp for years now , and i think i'm fairly knowledgeable about infps . there is one little thing that has been ... yeah , intp would be my first guess . i know someone who knows her pretty well--she's likely an extrovert . sorry , you guys . edit : also , i think everyone here is a bit too apt to type someone as an infp . just because she seems ... holy crap , this is accurate . i mean , wow . basically anything on the radio , minus that pumped up kicks song and a few classic rock songs , even then i only barely like them . i haven't really been able to figure out my brother , i've gotten him to take the mbti test many times , but the result just doesn't make sense . he's definitely an introvert , so i am not confused ... this sounds like my dad , except he's a huge pothead without a job . we're all alone together . i definitely have a high sex drive , and i believe it's mostly biological . '