' it is past wednesday here but i'll post anyway :P i couldn't hold it in much longer . haha . enfjs are just wonderfully peculiar . thank you . update ! ok , so i finally managed to have gathered my courage and asked her out . she then cried and slapped the hell out of my face ! then she said , exactly : idiot ! i love you all this time ! why ... i don't even know what i'm dealing with . i hope i haven't lost the chance to ask her out . is she comfortable with myself to begin with ? sometimes she does these things that made me question it all ... ok , so there's this enfj girl that i really like ( what an opening ... ) . i don't know if she had sensed that i like her or anything , but she has been giving me this mixed signal . she's very social and ... 224634 if not , then what type do you think is closely portrayed in this ? or is this just some female behaviors stereotyped ? you could make a great forensic doctor . you know , with bodies and stuff . steadiness 39 % compliance 37 % dominance 13 % influence 11 % you are tenacious and determined to follow a course of action - to achieve objectives . you are a clear thinker . you have an inner ... according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 5.61 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related avoidance score is 3.33 , ... jesus . papua , indonesia apart from the official stuff like studying and shit , i just do everything on my bed , basically haha . chairs are not comfy and i kinda hate sitting on wooden chairs and such . but chairs are pretty ... 82 % infj :) bittersweet . miss peregrine's hollow city mushrooms help ! i go to a school full of estjs . dear enfp , can i just be straight-forward ? i don't give a fuck about the boyfriend and girlfriend kinda shit but you're special in my life . please don't drift away from me . i love you , in a way ... always to the right , away from myself :) your score : 45 % though your conscience is in the right place you also have a pragmatic streak and generally aren ’ t afraid to do your own dirty work ! you ’ re no shrinking violet - but no daredevil ... mostly the fetus and yearner . sometimes starfish . umm hello ^ _ ^ ones : w2 apdenoatis : 1w2 2w1 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) vaan : 1w2 3w4 7w6 sx / so arkendale : 1w2 6w5 4w5 sp / so - w9 milli 66 : 1w9 4w5 so / sp pterodactyl : 1w9 5w4 2w1 so / sx lightside perspicacious : 1w9 ... umm do you really need to point this out to us ? 90087 hope this helps i just found out , the person that used to bully me all the time , the person that i hated the most is an infj . my mind has just been blown o . o same . i don't like hugs and touches . whenever someone tries to hug me i usually back off a bit . but then depending if i know the person well or not , i would kinda let them hug me or i make the move ... i just joined :) thanks , op . this is a great idea . one black male here ! well i'm not african american . my dad is from west papua , indonesia , and my mom is chinese . still , technically i'm black , right ? :D happy new year to you too ! ^ _ ^ i never actually think particularly about new year resolutions and stuff , actually o . o be a better friend , child , student , and person i guess . better in terms of ... so i was in the shower just standing there and then the word earthquake came across my mind . about 5 seconds later , a small earthquake happened o . o i feel sorry for the people who are wasted out there on new year's eve o . o happy new year , people ! mastery no . not at all : tongue : yeah , right ? i can shout to my friends and laugh about it later . and even to my parents , once in awhile , when we're debating about something . not a good thing to do but when i'm being stubborn and i ... now i'll start . 1 . i would forgive the guy and drive away as quick as possible . 2 . i would keep it for awhile just to get some closer look and let it go . 3 . i'm very extroverted to my ... first . if someone crashes on your car ( not a bad crash , like small crash from a motorbike maybe ) while you're driving alone ( or anything similar to this situation ) , what would you do ? what is your ... my friends described me as shy , very shy and quiet . i'm also a loving and gentle friend to some , creative and out-of-the-box to the others . i was also described as melancholic by a lot of other ... snowy owl :) you are a generous visionary . you are a visionary your imagination , self-assuredness , and knowledge of the world combine to make you a visionary . dark cloud once be in my sight ; a fine frenzy flew over my head . a suppressed vague happiness shivers down my spine shredding tears on my face , painted black . a door to the universe was opened - might ... my enfp friend and i used to be really close but only for a short period of time and she just kinda moved away and left me there . after that she stole my close friends at school and she was mad at ... i got 71 . i am not intolerant but sometimes i just need clarity for some things because i think i have a broad perspective on belief systems and things like that . and by that i declare myself an ... yes , i know ! it's just awkward for me to look directly at their eyes after the extended period of time . i just look at their mouths instead or picture things that they say and look somewhere else . do those people just can't internalize their thoughts before executing anything ? maybe they are living far in their own world ? insensitive ? selfishness ? bad childhood ? things that were taught ? mental ... 1 . landscape architect ( 100 % ) - architect ? hmmm ... 2 . lab technologist ( 91 % ) 3 . geological and petroleum technicians (8 5 % ) 4 . camera operators , television , video , and motion picture (8 2 % ) 5 ... it's fascinating how committed they are to prove their points . both my infj friend and i became really chatty in a party . my infj friend , she became really flirty . i do stupid stuff and i just let all the actions out , like punching the person i hate the most . my ... i'd say i'm good at reading my companions :P i'd also like to say that i can feel their emotions . but whenever i meet some random dogs or cats on the streets , they just look at me awkwardly and run ... '