' only two things you ignore : things that aren't important and things you wish weren't important , and wishing never works ~ david shore . you're supposed to trust friends . you have no reason to be his ... to go back to sleep . i wonder if i should do something or let things just as they are , even if it means the end of an era ( metaphorically speaking of course ) chesire thanks chesire :) the secret of life , though , is to fall seven times and to get up eight times . ~ paulo coelho . the alchemist . i haven't felt this good in months ! : loveyou : : chat 02 : aww thanks ! i am happy to be back <3 awww : hugs : i've missed you as well ! <3 <3 not sure how to say this but damn revenge tastes so good ! to go back to what it was . : hug : - - - i think i'm catching a cold or something . feeling tired mostly . i'm just missing someone .  she likes tea parties and hats ! <3 i have this fantasy where my enemies are devoured by zombies i like holding hands and long walks at the beach i approve ! ! ! <3 hola chesire :) i'm sorry you're hurting * hugs * i'm afraid i don't have a magic answer that would make the pain just disappear . sorry about that . i think the answer to this is time . yeah i know i ... brightflashes staying away from certain hurtful situations / people . going back to my normal little by little .  ... i'm highly amused by the irony in certain situations . i can't help it , i'm just easily amused . dealing with emotions . the fragility of life .   hey ! congrats on your new job ! and that's all i'm going to say about it ! xd : hug : haha it's ok , i'm on my second cup of coffee , that should help there for a while . or so i hope ! lol people would frown at work if i do that right now xd * because of your quote i saw the typo in my previous post . let's see if i'm on time to fix it haha an hour more of sleep . i hate having nightmares . set it all free - khs , sam tsui & madilyn bailey … : haha yeah because you didn't know already : wink : lol it's just a movie xd i feel like i'm about to explode ( emotionally not literally ) like the most little thing could trigger me . must be cautious today . debating whether or not i should share what i dreamed of last night hmmm ... with me without me . m4v : with me - without me _ with me - without me_ sofia carson - love is the name ( official video ):  i dreamt of rats . i was in this old and dark house , it looked like a castle . it was dark and cold . i saw the stairs and as i was walking towards it i saw a rat . it was at a corner and looked scared ... '