' i seriously relate to this struggle . it was one of my biggest hurdles to get over when it came to appreciating sensors . has anyone played these games ? they're fantastic ! if anyone here is really into meta and psychology , these are super meta . seriously . i have never gotten so invested in game theories in my life . ... . oh haha yeah , wouldn't that be a little bit too general to say all men get tongue tied ? i mean , looks are definitely not everything . you've just hit on something i'm really interested in actually , ... so , i feel like before posting in here i should also share an obligatory photo . i've already posted this elsewhere on this forum , but i don't really have other good pictures cause i never take them ... i think mick is trying to say he's attracted to you haha ! : chuncky : they're two of my favorites ! :) i just think hey , i don't necessarily have to feel this way , and i think about other things . i basically just think until something strikes me , and i have an arsenal of automatic thought provoking ... i wonder when someone might actually win this then you want te :) if i could have any 1 cognitive function as strong as my dominant function it would be ti . i've noticed that it is probably the most generically useful function , because it provides so much ... haha i guess i'll take what i can get : chuncky : good luck with that enthusiastic blonde lady : cool : awww ! : cheerful : my younger brother is my best friend , and we get along so incredibly well . i was never really sure what type he was and i didn't care because we got along so well and had sort of a unique ... my last relationship was an esfj ! the main reason it didn't work though is because she had an incredibly difficult time relating to my thought processes , and it caused a lot of tension and ... that would most likely fall under the enxp category :) although drama is much more dependent on the individual . power is as power does : wink : newmango & jayshambles so this quickly took an unexpected turn hahaha : laughing : but thanks for the input are enfps allowed ? :) i saw an australian shepherd in an article and it was so cute ! ! ! but the article was really sad because it was a service dog and some guy pet it even when it's owner told him ... i want to date an enfp . i need someone who can offer me enough outside stimulation in the right way . and i need someone who is able to empathize with me as easily as possible . i don't need someone ... i feel like this is the most accurate description of how i relate to being an enfp i've ever seen . and it's not even meant to be a description lol well in my generalized experience , i would make the exact same general observation :p roud : good to have you back :) i'm a little bit new here , and not particularly active , but sometimes i just have things i want to say . haha it was just a pretty lame joke on my part xd but that is really cool ! : crazy : i feel like you all would find this video very informative . the origin of dubstep yo ! it totally makes sense that fe could make someone really cynical if they're surrounded by the wrong people . hmmm . that's really interesting that the top two are infp and enfp as opposed to one whose functions would compliment an infp's functions . i can definitely see why though . because an infp with the ... yes ! xd haha ! so much yes it's interesting that you brought this up actually , because that's an important observation . i'm going to go on more of a feelings tangent here , but i don't think that's just a correlation . i ... i have a love hate relationship with online communities . i get along much better in real life than online because i'm better at saying and expressing my thoughts than writing them down . unless i put ... i made a post kind of like this but i like yours more . mine was worded in a way that brought out some really angry people . i wanted to edit it to make it more like this , but i didn't realize it was ... i agree . and i've seen it the other way as well , where an intuitive mistypes as a sensor for similar reasons . honestly it goes both ways pretty evenly . read my posts throughout this thread and you will understand my point of view . the original post was intended to express an idea that i wanted to have expanded upon . also , when i noticed that i made ... well , it is a very subjective experience , so what are the most important traits to you ? yes ! you're doing it for the love ! : glee : i guess you could just go ahead and check all of the boxes lol : tongue : totally stealing this from the infp forum ;P but i want to know . who do think enfps should date ? i am typically along the lines of ' it doesn't matter as long as they fulfill each others needs ' ... i would do skype but , i don't make a very good online friend :P i'm better at being a friend in person . also i'm an enfp so i'm intruding here xd i would say enfj from real life experience . not just cause of functions . but their fe compliments fi very well . my brother is an enfj and his two best friends infps and he knew exactly how to make ... actually i specifically stated that i think sensing types are not intellectually stupid , and yes , they most often surpass intuitives on practical and real world matters and for a bit of ... oh ! haha this has been a very serious post so my mind was not in the right place xd i see it now i can't imagine why i would get temp-banned ( o . o ) i'm not trying to shut down conversation or be argumentative . actually i feel like your post was a good analysis of what i was saying and generally ... this is the general conclusion that i , and most others are at . this isn't intended to be a prejudiced post , and if you read through my replies on this thread , i am in a general agreement with what ... this is accurate ^ ^ ^ hahaha yes ! that's one of the worst ! xd this is a very good analysis of the specific things that also bother me when it comes to the details of it . and it's a good thing to acknowledge that it's only the sensors in your life . i'm sure that ... that's very true , and in fact there is an istj who's company i enjoy very much . although , i am not talking about factual intelligence . i'm only talking about the method of coming to conclusions . i ... thank you ! i feel like you really understand what's going on in my mind . hey , i think you just explained my exact world views word for word . although you enunciated yourself much better than i might have if i tried to explain it . it totally makes sense . and , when an introverted type is in public , they usually use their second function as their front so it's normal for an introvert to come across as their extroverted ... '