i really like glee , smash , big bang theory and csi new york . i also like heart of dixie , revenge and once upon a time . dear infj friend , i am disappointed and hurt that you would choose to use , the things i told in confidence to hurt me . you threw my vulnerabilities and fears back in my face . i have done nothing ... i am really do not like when i become vulnerable and let people in to my life . i tell them things about me that i never told anyone before ... then they through it back in my face . it makes me never ... i suppose she may be going through some things in her life . i plan to take a step back from the relationship and then confront her at a later date . i do not want to burn a bridge and say things out ... arieslilth : she tends to be very prideful . she has since , stopped talking to her male best friends since he has not reached out to her as much . he has choose to hangout with other people who are part ... being an infj i understand your observations however i try to be their for her , she tends to push me away and she tends not to invest as much in our friendship as in others . she seems never to have ... i have a friendship with an infj female , who i have been friends with for a number of years . i realize she has changed . usually my friend is very supportive but lately i realize she has changed . she ... pitch perfect was a good movie . i realize that my estj mum taught my bro and i how to stand up for ourselves . she also taught us how to be more extroverted . i also found out that my ex was also asking about me through a mutual friend . my question is why would you care how i am ? why would you want to know about my life ? my friend thinks he is acting that ... i am grateful for my friends and family ! i am also grateful for my pets . i am grateful for the love of those around me . tachiko : i understand how heart broken you must feel . i just broke up with my lying , cheating , emotionally abusive entj ex bf . who was also my best friend while at least to me . i know how you feel . i ... x95 may be unaware ( and sometimes uncaring ) of how they come across to others i tend to care more about what people thing . i am a people pleaser . i am trying to change that . x95 may quickly ... it's hard to tell how your friend will react . in terms of forgiving you , some infj's tend to hold grudges and have intense tempers . i might say it will take a while for him to come to terms with the ... my parents have pointed out my emotional sensitivity as being odd . i suppose so . i had a male friend who is nt who refused to tell me what he thought of me as a person . he said i was sensitive and ... i like nt's and nf's . i dated an entj and it was not that great . i have hope that i might get along even better with other people . in_the_fade : i can understand what it's like to have to explain things to others . at times the nt's and sj's cannot take their own style of communicate . i find this very strange . pneumoceptor : i use to to worry the way you do . these particular behaviors often lead to unhappiness and stress in your life . it tends to exacerbate your problems and it does not allow you fully ... i have a lot of eyelid space as well . you could say i have round / prominent eyes although my glasses make my eyes small . i want to read the book first before i watch the movie ! i find my infp friends are a good blend of practicality and idealism . they are very bold and creative ! @ in_the_fade : i can relate to the bluntness . it required to deal with certain types that are dominate like the estj and entj or intj or istj . i am blunt with these particular types otherwise i do ... i would have to say that my isfj brother has learned to better adapt components that are not part of his base personality . he has to be very outgoing for work , well until recently . an older family ... i do not think i would want to be a different personality type . i admire all or most of them . people like the one's that they can relate most too . i can relate to idealist ( nf's ) the most hence , ... i am trying not be greedy but sigh ! i also want accessories for my kindle ! i want a good case . i am infj and my eye color is brown . if any one is interested my eye shape is oval / round ! i have learned to communicate with sj's and nt's in direct and concise way with too much emotion helps . i find when you get into arguments or disagreements with both of these types they tend not to ... i like shopping for books and clothes sometimes but i only make it a habit when i really need something . i prefer shopping online . the desserts pumpkin pie , rum cake or apple pie ! in my own personal experience my sj parents taught me to be very practical and not give in so much to my feelings at times . they as taught me to try to be more outgoing especially my estj mum . my ... i do this most of the the time . in most social situations ! i usually have a hard time trusting people . i do not give my trust to people easily whether it be love interest or friendship . i guess , i have been burned too many times by people . i am very guarded ... i have seen many threads which debate most infj's relationships to other types , whether we love them or hate them . most of our parents , friends and peers tend to be of other typologies , hence my ... i also forgot to mention that also want a new purse or handbag and shoes . some these gifts will rollover to my bday ! most of them will . i will probably forget about most of them . i really just want some ebooks and regular paper backs and clothing . i want some cute dresses from forever 21 which i probably will not get . i only say that because i live overseas and might have to ... after i broke things off with my ex , he had the nerve to ask me if we can be friends . that's insane as far as i am concerned . i just found out a month ago that my ex cheated on me . he started to have feelings for someone else and starting going out with them . he claims he never did anything sexual with said person . its a ... i love to cook hence i love to eat . i currently eat like bird now and as a result have lost weight . under stress though i will eat a lot of sweets . i have to balance that out . i also eat when i want ... it happens all the time . honestly this is the exact reason i have had problems with the enneagram system . the fact that it focuses on the fact that as humans we are so deeply flawed . what ever happen to elements of positive ... i have gotten 2,4 , 5 and 9 for the ennegram . i cannot really figure out the ennegram properly . i have to say about the type 4 i have never thought i must be unique . the lost childhood message i can ... one of my best girlfriends is infj or enfj . i forgot to mention also learn to forgive others and myself . its hard thing to learn because i am a perfectionist . the journey of self love is life long journey . i hope what i said helped ! my close friends are either idealist or intellectuals . most are either infp , or entp , intj and entj i am on the journey of cultivating self love . i would say that you have to view yourself as whole person versus singling out things that you either like or dislike about yourself . i also stop ... i am not sure if it matters but i am black and infj . lol ! everyone is original . i am just glad to meet other infj regardless . just wondering if any infj ladies are into make up ? i think my style is still evolving . for right now its classic and eclectic . i like ruffled skits at times for hot summer days and important events like summer weddings , structured military inspired ... i am a bit of both . i have been the out going type as a teen and the more with drawn as a young adult . to me nothing is stereotypical when it comes to being an infj . bearotter : i guess i have not found what i am good yet . i just never got lot of positive reinforcement . i try to be practical as possible and logical although i am told by sj or nt my logic is ...