' welcome , sentivegal ! i am also a infj mom . i am separated now . my soon to be ex-husband is a istj . i can certainly relate to not being able to express your feelings . :) today is my birthday i had a cup of tea while waiting for the teapot to get hot i smiled thinking a year ago i would hear thats an expensive cup of tea it uses too much electricity being the ... i love this poem :) : happy : you could have been describing me ... i too am very shy unless i'm around people i feel comfortable around . i have a sunny side too . i can't stop smiling and feel my best when i'm helping someone . i ... coward 21 mommys boy right from the start our marriage would have a pulse you had to interfere ... mommy dear thank you thank you i am strong i love it ! just beautiful almost free before long i will be free ... at last to hear your deep voice to be held in your strong arms ... but you are noble walk the path less traveled tears are falling now wow ! that's all i have to say ... muse soon i will be free i will be free to write my muse will hold me once more in a field of magnolias i wait patiently for the sun to set my long mane cascading all around me slowly the ... freedom i'm living a lie it's eating me up inside i don't know how and i don't know when but the love i once felt is gone ... truly and completely i'm a taurus ... 5/16 i too thought i was an infp ... now there's no doubt . : happy : wow ... everything you just mentioned described me . : laughing : noble your patience amazes me your confidence energizes me your loyalty astounds me true , noble , unforgettable you starting over please take me away i need to escape prying eyes i want to flee overbearing attitudes i will not be intimidated journey sail with me over the waves of poetry to find myself i am delirious , yes stay true change of heart tiptoe softly reflect hope words echos of words hiding in my heart capture them meaning must find me self-made prison these chains my delusion invisible pull i picked irisheyes because my mother is 100 % irish and i often get complements on my eyes . yes , that sounds like me . i am a 9w1 . sometimes i hold things in because maintaining peace is so important to me . when anger comes , it doesn't last long ... maybe because guilt comes and i don't like ... indecisiveness so emotionally tired fear of leaving my comfort zone am i losing myself ? just breathe the calm and quietness of my being recharge , awaken let it all go just breathe a positive vulnerable quiet empathetic patient optimistic i was a loaner , very anxious ... painfully shy ... barely talked to anyone , but the few who knew me knew i would give them the shirt off my back if needed ... would have done very well to be ... my name is kelli . the name that was popular for a boy when i was born was kelly . my parents wanted to feminine-ize the usual spelling . i used to watch cold case , but couldn't watch the end when they show how the person died ... it would stay with me for a long time . i don't like those commercials about animals being abused ... i totally agree . it's the tension-feeling quietness i don't like . there's a quote that came to mind ... the life of inner peace , being harmonious and without stress , is the easiest type of ... i prefer dogs over cats only because cats like to jump on things , including the counters , tables , etc . i don't like the thought of fur in my food :( plus , dogs come when they are called . you ... thank-you . this has been very helpful . i have been so confused in this area . my function order would be : fe , se , fi , si , ne , ni , te , ti . : laughing : welcome : tongue : i'm not a twin , but i have twin sons . they are fraternal twins , age 10 and their types are infj and istp . they get along pretty good , but they have their moments ... one is very good in math and ... i would most definately . there would be some hesitation , though . where i live i don't see that ... ( i'm a small town girl ) :) i would first make sure there were people around . and it wasn't night ... thank you , grey . i am with no doubt a 9 . : laughing : welcome , karistiana : laughing : yes it does exist ... i have the book although it's copyrights are 1978 and 1984 . this is the book that led me here and my interest in learning more about myself and others . this is the only book i ... i'm north-east , an hour from cananda . : laughing : i donate clothes i no longer need . i often let people go ahead of me in line , epecially if they have more items . while driving , if someone is waiting to pull out , i will let them go ahead of me ... i can so relate . i do exactly what you mentioned at the grocery store , also the book store or library ... can spend a really long time there ! ! i feel very calm , relaxed . i had to laugh at what you said ... taurus : laughing : i almost always talk to myself in my head , or go over conversations in my head that i would tell someone i knew ... as to not offend . i talk out loud if i'm driving and not sure where i am going , or if ... those commercials bother me , too . i just can't watch them ... or any violent / horror movie . even commercials of those type of movies stay in my head for a long time . : sad : fluffy mechanic : laughing : i haven't the foggiest idea ... i am an infp ... came over here out of curiosity . i can relate to : # 2 , # 5 , # 7 , and # 8 . welcome : laughing : yes for all of them ... especially the reality shows . you get paid to lie , cheat and steal . uhhh , something is wrong here . : laughing : photogeek ... welcome ! ! i didn't think your thread was boring at all . it was well written and interesting . just enjoy yourself here and before long you'll know your type . : laughing : for nine , i identify with all except # 6 and #12 . i also identify with four : # 4 , # 6 , # 8 , and #12 . i don't understand the wing part of this . is this enough information to go on in determining it ? if ... a couple of years ago i was taking an anti-depressant , thinking i needed it . the truth is , i just needed to understand myself , being infp and my husband being istj . i was constantly trying to please ... '