' faintstar i tested as an intp on this one , which is consistent with basically every other online test i've taken . still , i chalk that up to my social anxiety / social introversion / enneagram 5 , ... does this thing act as a replacement for a physical defect / deficiency ? if someone did choose to wear this , would they wear it on their head ? paulie , you're consistently pumping out stuff i love , but have never heard of before . keep it up , dude ! not an infj , but i'm going to insert my opinion here anyway . hope that's alright ! i 100 % agree with those who say that if you choose to hang out with him , your best bet is to be absolutely ... reason to be fair , i'd call virtually all claims of truth outside of solipsism and tautology faith in some sense of the word . no trolling involved there . that's not to say that all ... line dances , you say ? ;) 10 gold stars for your appreciation of the greatest southern rock group of all time ! i'll go twice in a row , then . this one was based on a real experience that happened in a jacksonville bar ... inforjoking i saw them live at the st . augustine amphitheater years back , shortly before they released their tennessee pusher album . they gave us a sneak peek at methamphetamine , and played an ...  1 ) depends on your standard of proven not true . the only things i consider proven not true , strictly speaking , are contradictions of personal subjective truths and logical impossibilities . under ... i associate colors and qualities with the numbers 1-12 , individual letters , and musical chords . d chords are various shades of green , c chords range from yellow to yellow-brown , f chords are ... inforjoking mp2 as for the association game ... mp2 glad to hear it , man ! remind yourself of today the next time you're overanalyzing a similar situation . kirjuri condolences , man . : do it be a shrine ? mp2 my 2 cents ? do it . either you end up meeting someone you're compatible with , possibly long-term , or it ends up not working out , and you come away with an interesting story to tell people ... this strikes me as spot-on if and only if the parties in question are an entp with little to no capacity for tact and empathy , and an infj with little to no capacity for viewing things from an ... is it a sauna ? inforjoking see ? two more great creed moments that i can't choose between . :p you probably know a few grass roots songs without even realizing it , like the one below . you can see young creed on ... i think [ the fictional ] creed suffers from some sort of psychosis due to extensive use of psychedelics , dissociatives , and entheogens . with that in mind , it'd be difficult to try to accurately type ... paulie that's the first time i've heard that they covered that song . the grateful dead are really hit or miss for me , but i can definitely dig that one . ... you covered objective statements about personal subjective truths , yet show no love for tautologies ? for shame , sovereign , for shame ... : wink : would you find this part of a building in a typical house ? these days i spend about 80 % of my time on perc here in the infj forum . i really like the combination of high activity , low flaming , and the balance of deep discussion and lighthearted game ... there are certain values that i have no trouble identifying as part of my sense of identity , but i see no reason why adaptability can't be a major piece of the puzzle . i love that clip , lol . i don't think i've ever seen steve buscemi in a role i didn't love . i'm generally very neutral when i first interact with new people . it's less a matter of putting up barriers , and more a matter of needing to read people long enough to discern the best way to ... reminds me of this scene from 30 rock .  ... i'm currently at the end of season 2 on something like my 10th playthrough . creed is love . creed is life . do you think she will stop ? she may stop doing it in front of you if your previous conversation made her self-conscious about the way you view her , or if she thinks it may result in you , in turn , ... inforjoking i finally picked up on the thing i was missing in the min post . can't believe it didn't come to me sooner . btw , you spoke of review in the past tense . i'm holding out a small ... mistakenforstranger i have to insist you binge watch this asap . it's somehow both one of the saddest and most hilarious things on tv right now . i'm so confused right now . this is gonna drive me nuts until i figure it out . hurricanes are over the ocean . min ... minnesota ? maybe she's telling me to get a job as an obgyn for seagulls in ... unless you're planning on stalking me next week , i definitely got that last one . well played . either i'm still missing all the other ones , ... i'm sure there's a treasue chest joke to be had regarding your use of the word seaward , but it's not coming to me . :'( instead , i'll get back on topic . is it an afro ? that's deep . : o i spent way too much time looking for hidden puns in this post . i was expecting a bit of tit for tat , if you will . oh well , probably for the breast that you just nipped it in ... at the risk of sounding like an arrogant boob , i'd like to think my epic-teatuses were the inspiration for this guess . is it a piercing ? is it a physical feature ? winner winner ! 28 gold stars for you . it was freddy t , arguably the most underrated running back in league history . had he played for virtually any other team , he'd have been a guaranteed ... really good guess , but no . and please feel free to use google . i don't want to go twice in a row . :D i freaking love d-smith , and it didn't even occur to me that his last name was also a trade ... '