'      gender : female-unsure age : 29-39 intelligence : gifted openness : early-adopter stress level : 4 % ( low ) mbti personality profile : intj closest alternative we found : infj vino veritas ... could be funtegrity until is wears off . i should know i'm nursing a hangover now . ni is subconscious , so if there is a sense that one is putting effort into it , it may not be ni . i have a personal disdain for things being described as psychic . it does make me wonder about ... you're so bossy . : smile : i was in a similar situation and really i'm usually very level emotionally on my own until i was living with someone who was very moody and it burned me out to the point of emotional shutdown . it ... 464642 a shout out to kerik_s there is a tremendous amount of misinformation out there . mbti is fun and many use it like a parlor trick . great ! it is fun to look into and compare to see if you can spot the esfp or the isfj ... exactly . not that i'm saying what type he is , but that ni is within one's self and is the part of the subconscious which identifies with being the self and his becoming is his belief sprung from a ... when it comes to drugs , it is a storm that tries to destroy everyone in its vicinity . you may have to step back until such time when he wants help or tries to help himself that you can then start to ... what you describe is the difference between martin luther king jr for he seemed laid back and contemplative and adolf hitler being the firebrand . ( that is if we agree that mlkjr was an infj ) yet the ... becoming a robot isn't as bad as it looks . take it from an a . i .. there is a switch which either turns off the pain or makes you look on the sunnier side of suffering . in is all in how you look at ... by request of my supervisor , i became a supervisor for a small health care company and wrote up schedules for 18 people which i made sure every two weeks that the schedule was to everyone's liking . ... i don't really miss people and i'm not very sentimental . the older i get the more i see that there are a myriad of reason why people do what they do and there is very little you have done or can do about it . try not to take it so personally or think it is ... nicholas was a true person who had lived in greece in the 4th century . the stories about him while he was alive were plausible , but of course , there are a lot of other stories about saint nicholas ... not sure what bryan fuller's type is , but considering that i can relate to terry gilliam's work and he is an entp , then it wouldn't be hard to assume that ni-doms and ne-doms can relate to each other ... and , to add since this is a double post , that it sounds like a dream come true . may be one day you'll meet the very good dr goodall . :p roud : that sounds fantastic ! all the best to you in your endeavours . i love jane goodall too . when i was 12 , i started reading grzimek's encyclopedia of ethology and fell in love . ethology spans all animal behavior including humans . if there was a way to become a ... i wouldn't even bother with the tree and decorations if it wasn't for the fact that i have a son . even then it isn't red and green or the traditional snowy tidbits . it is like something you find at ... there is that too . : smile : it is better this than to not live or experience anything at all . too much living in my ni bubble and need to experience something actual and sharp outside of my ... an onion because i don't wear deodorant . a banana for the herb because it is meant to be the largest herb plant . 436809  sometimes there is the perception of betrayal in the infj's mind because of a sense of an amplified hope that the other person is more understanding or more of a fit than they really are or were for ... mojitos what's the problem ? does not feeling mean you don't feel connected or that you are falling into mediocrity and lost all purpose to your life ? if you are feeling lost from not feeling like you ... in the past i've had bosses tell me to smile in the middle of me concentrating on a project and i hated it . i felt like asking them do you want me to smile or do my job ? then leave me alone . ... depends on how aware of myself i am at any given moment or the amount of focus i'm putting throughout the day into my surroundings or into whatever is going on in my head . i certainly make more ... on and on and on and on ... gahdamn i'm gonna sing my song ... those intellects don't believe in god but the fear is there just the same ... rush into destruction ' cause you don't have nothing ... it seems a lot like the universe within a snowglobe . it has more to do with ideas than morals because from what i understand fi-ne is very sure and solid about morals and their conviction to what ... language made it infinitely easier . lol i do remember worrying almost like a private panic thinking about what if he doesn't ever talk ? . i must say that they do more than just sleep because there ... the two years previous weren't really all that difficult other than the usual staying up all night to feed him during the first 3 months and keeping a constant watch over him so he doesn't kill ... i didn't feel much connection until my kid was about 2 years old . stoker personally i look for how the moral relates to the heart and dimensions within characters as well as how it looks at the human condition whether it is fiction or nonfiction . moreover , that it has in ... haha . i had to learn that the hard way too . waiting tables is about the worse job for me . i work in pharmacy now and have worked in the health field in one capacity or other for over 20 years and ... '