' lol . don't be jelly , you're invited to the table . :D ( i actually eat very healthy and have to because i have celiac disease . ) pollock fish battered in gluten-free bread crumbs wrapped in apple smoked bacon on a bed of spinach with red peppers , onions , broccoli , sunflower seeds , and honey mustard dressing . i wasn't talking about the historical reasons for marriage . just the reasons i've currently observed . i think the historical reasons of marriage would be another thread topic to explore .  you're the ones who couldn't be upfront and honest . science has found a new cure for your epidemic . : i think the frustrations should be directed at mr . whitebread up above talking about some weirdo creationist talk . ^ ^ anyway , to save the butthurt : ... so why don't you just say hey bio , cut the typing of people to me directly ... instead of making passive-aggressive comments that are obviously directed toward me ? i'm not gonna stop either way ... i'm pointing out the inconsistencies . i never implied not to like or appreciate them . entj scientific / mathematician notables : nassim taleb paul ehrenfest srinivasa ramanujan paul erdős murray rothbard thomas sowell r . buckminster fuller rabinarth tagore no scientist mentioned in this thread is an entj . bill nye = entp michio kaku = entp ( i actually know him irl . he was my professor for astronomy . his teaching style is very entp . even talking to ... 75f & up in a humid climate is too much for me . i can bear 90f in a non-humid climate though . i prefer non-humid climates tbh . yeah probably ... which ones did you take ? maybe this will explain it better : enneagram tritype i don't think this is a type kind of thing . your bro is just lazy and unmotivated ... and all dat glorious maryjane is cooking his brain cells . look , you can't control people and what they do . you ... going by the info , you cannot have two instinctual types in your triad . the instinctual types are : 8,9 , 1 ... the head types are : 7,6 , 5 ... and the heart types are : 3,4 , 2 . so it looks like you'd have to ... ya . it sucks though cause no one speaks it at home so i've lost a lot of it . re-learning a language truly is like training your muscles again . i warn you , the app is super addicting but at least it's ... istjs and isfjs ... sometimes esfps but they're too flippant for my taste . now i'm unemployed . :( :( :( i have no sheep to drunkenly herd . this is more like it . bow chicka wow wow o / nah . i'm puerto rican . spanish was one of my first languages . have you tried the memrise app ? it's reallyyy good for beginners . they have all sorts of languages you can learn and you learn how to ... but you has no sheep ! ! ! my mom and i are relearning spanish together . but she keeps texting me the weirdest comments during the day . like ... somehow ... she learned how to write : the cabbage is rotten and it needs some ... porque no los dos ? i have testosterone and estrogen , like every other woman . more like too busy with your left hands . this just continues to prove my opinion of seattleans being wayyy too friendly . ya'll really take it to a new level with the friendliness . it was hard for me to get used to as a nyer . so why aren't the entj guys posting pics ? hmmm ? ? ? oh yeah , for sure . i also think that sometimes people just settle when it comes to their partner . like they feel that they don't deserve anything better , can't find anything better , or don't want ... oh yeah . so much gets lost through translation and i think that is how i get into a lot of arguments on the forum . people mistake my sarcasm for seriousness . they don't get my humor . and it ends up ... a lot of people on this forum or on other forums think i'm this outspoken , rude , and aggressive irl . i'm not . so it's funny to me when i skype with people and they're surprised by my laidback ... i would call myself blastoisa ! i see people's auras ... no matter what they're feeling . i feel like that is empathetic enough for me . dude . chill out . have a drink . enjoy the moment . smoke some dro ' . find a nice honey . i got my last wisdom tooth out . i can eat soft foods at this point but omg . i wanna eat everything i see . i'm also hopped up on painkillers and it feels great . btw , mr canis that hello kitty ... i personally think people go into marriage for the wrong reasons . like ... they'll do it for financial reasons , to have stability , to have children , to be a stay-at-home mom / dad , to get away from ... i'm proud of my natural botox lips too . feeelinnggg mahselfff ~ if they're disorganized . a clockwork orange i need to get my ass back to working out after finals are done . too stressed out right now . but my aim with be to do 150-200 jump ropes a day and some kettlebell workouts once i start . i always try to know as much shit to get by . if i wanna achieve something , i make sure i know all my shits . if i still know alot of shit and my shits aren't serving me as i like , then i turn it into ... free thinker kay , i'll join you fine ladies . i do notice a trend ... voluptuous lips , deep set eyes , and either round or squares-ish faces . ... this thread is so wanky . you people never disappoint . are relationships hard ? no , i don't find them hard . it's all about how you look at the relationship , tbh . like , i never looked at my ... i've met more awesome intps than i have non-awesome intps . usually when people have concentration issues it could be due to external factors like a poor diet , poor sleep , and all that . heck , could even be gluten or some other type of food allergy . i'm indecisive when it comes to ordering my meals or a small decision like that . it truly depends on my mood that day though . if i'm in a bad mood , i'm less likely to make a decision or i'll take ... so to answer your questions : 1 . i suck at details so i've really trained myself over the years to be more observant of people and my surroundings . so i've worked on that and just being more ... yas . if i was optimus prime , i would be more perfect than god . so ... i had learned that you cannot put too much wheatgrass in a juice shake or you will shit hard poop bricks for days . it has been traumatizing , to say that least , but at least i got the detox i ... '