' hmm , so to translate this : infjs bother me , so i dated several of them . that way i can justify being a sociopath . maybe i missed something . this was my thought process : the op writes about an infj friend and reflects on how great that relationship was with that friend . i thought you were joking about that by ... you don't see the ridiculous implications of it all ? an entp poses as an infj and befriends a person as a caricature of another person . it is the implications of pulling off such a con that amused ... it all makes sense now . at this point , i really have no tangible explanation as to how the original post bothered me . i wish i knew why , because it might help . i am not knowable in that sense . i personally don't find the ... you're an entp . why ? because of your fondness toward infjs . it's a different type of fondness than other types exhibit . it's closer to the fondness one has for their childhood favorite pet . nobody ... i get a ne vibe from your post , but that is just one post . the reason i say ne has to do with how you are connecting your thoughts . also , those online tests don't do well distinguishing between ... my salads usually only have romaine or red lettuce . if i'm being adventurous , i'll add onions , carrots , eggs and cheese , but i have that salad maybe six times a year . otherwise , it is just going to ... whoever said infjs were human ? ni is quite ' alien ' . the infj / entp thread in the entp forum amused me . mostly for its excessive hyperbole . i think every infj-related thread in the entp forum should be stickied , if for no other reason than to amuse the ... personality can also have an impact on this . a type 4 or an nf is likely going to have a different reaction than say a type 1 or a st . by the time my idealistic self recognizes reality in its present ... communication isn't just a buzzword . the infj can use ni to predict trends and fe to determine what needs to be said to maintain a balance . i can identify problems before they happen and prevent ... i did not do well in public school . sexual abuse , bullying , and inept teachers and principals left me a very dysfunctional teenager . i'm an independent learner with excellent memory . i read my ... this topic is making me want to replace my broken car radio . i think you are just going to have to wait . sometimes things get in the way of my best intentions and i don't always put the first things first . my advice is to wait and give him time to ... i also enjoyed making a custom class , but i became fascinated with min / maxing in morrowind . for some reason , i refused to use the console codes , but would painfully figure out what skills to get to ... shhh . those are trade secrets . what cognitive functions cause an infj to be so cautious and second-guess every single planned scenario and action ? i always wondered why i was so uncomfortable ... on the back of your receipt should be a survey that you can fill out . i am certain that they would love to hear about how they can better improve your dining experience . i wasn't able to navigate , much less survive , the social environment of high school . i did alright in college and even better in my masters . i think it just takes time for everyone to grow up . part ... when i was younger , i struggled with anxiety . experience taught me that people were not to be trusted . i could be intimidated by powerful peers who were self confident or overly aggressive . now , ... i think it's interesting that the infjs make up such a significant segment yet have so few posts in their forum . it could be that we don't post often . i've been here a while and have only managed ... i think the panda bear fits me very well . i even think bamboo is fascinating . i don't really have a reason why i like bamboo . i think pandas are mysterious yet captivate people . they are powerful ... that sounds like an infj doorslam . i don't know what advice to give you . for me , that is an extreme solution to a problem where there are no other valid options . you should read up on the infj door ... my resolution this year is to be more direct . i imply a lot of things rather than stating them outright and assume everyone else is able to think on the same wavelength as i do . i can be too passive ... i haven't heard anything about that . interesting . i was under the impression that things like the steady state theory weren't even remote possibilities . i haven't kept up with recent developments , but isn't redshift on the majority of stellar bodies observed proof of an expanding universe ? i actually cannot think of anything with a blueshift right ... i'm not completely sure that i can actually define what i am looking for . i think it has to do with relying on intuition on a regular basis . i'm future-minded so if i cannot envision even a vague ... i've never had those horror stories , but that's probably because i'm cautious and move about as fast as a turtle when it comes to dating . for me , asking someone out is a very vulnerable moment , and i ... i don't like arguments . it doesn't help that i am terrible at them either . i would rather discuss and learn than argue . i cannot think of a single example where i have ever won an argument - even ... i'm sorry to hear that . i know some people believe that you can't mix with headphones . i don't agree with that completely . sometimes , that's the best option at the time . i would encourage you to try to play your song on ... i just turned up the volume on the tablet . i can hear some of it now . however , i am still having trouble , and i couldn't hear it at all before . i'll try listening on something else in a couple ... the timing in the lead guitar is a bit off at points . it is most noticeable in the opening riff . drums are good . they could be slightly more present in the mix . no toms ? fills ? the hi hat and ride ... i prefer stability , but i grow restless if i am not free to create . as a result , when my job becomes more about petty details and less about using what i believe are my unique gifts , i become ... i have no idea how i was able to function before gps . attrition ? i've been there recently . i turned 30 in september , and that made me reflect on my life thus far . add to that unexpected and significant stress from work , and i disengaged from the world . little ... i like istps . i tend to either be stuck in the past or dream of the future , and istps are focused on the present . that can bring me back to reality , which is sometimes necessary . istps seem to be ... are you using internet explorer ? try a different browser . i can't create carriage returns in ie , but it works fine in firefox . i actually find the use of capital letters to be more like shouting > especially if i hold my shift key down and push really hard > it also seems to change my period into an angle bracket > i do ... technology is moving precisely as fast as they can make money off of it . for example , when i was looking to purchase a high-end laptop over a year ago , the particular chip series that i wanted for ... i don't know anything about this , as i tend to stay in the infj forum . i know a few esfjs and we get along fine . however , i must not know any esfjs because the statements here are nothing like the ... forget napster . kazaa is where it's at . with those new divx codecs , you can download movies overnight . well , over a few evenings . besides , you aren't really going to miss your phone line then , are ... i'm using noscript on firefox which is preventing the redirects , but here's all the redirects from the log ( as far as i know , all were from perc ) . it's definitely something on perc . i highly ... i dated someone who typed as an enfp for a few years . i describe her as a mirror image of myself as her extroverted functions are my introverted functions ( and vice-versa ) . what i found fascinating ... even within personality types there is tremendous variety . i'd recommend you hang around the infj forums a little and take note of the variety of behaviors and attitudes . much of what you are ... i spend too much time reworking my posts in order to make sure that the wording is correct . wait , i think for this time i'm going to actually keep [ some ] the process of posting visible so that i ... negative self-talk is incredibly harmful . it will grow stronger if you let it continue . i am a melancholic , and with that comes a brooding personality . there are things in my life that i am ... i didn't like the descriptions i had read of the 4w3 . i like to think of myself as a 4w5 , but i behave more like a 4w3 . would you say this was the same case for you ? i identify with the sx / sp ... that sort of makes sense to me . a turtle's pace , an outer protective shell . a porcupine's quills capable of delving ever inward from just a simple touch . am i close to an understanding ? it just ... '