' if anyone ever grew up watching homeward bound ... this is for you . this thread is still going ? awesome . there's no dark side of the moon , really . in fact , it's all dark .. ufeff i really believe that balance is so important with this sort of thing . being empathic is important when the situation calls for it , but being this way all the time is going to emotionally drain you ... sometimes ... only just sometimes , do i need to hear something melancholic . this song does that for me . if you enjoyed that clip then do yourself a favour and check out a film called baraka and it's sequel called samsara - the clip is from one of those films :) both films are hauntingly beautiful ... i can appreciate the artistry behind it . even though it is incredibly surreal and somewhat disturbing . what are your thoughts on this video ? volcano choir . if you like justin vernon / bon iver , you will love them . here , they're performing comrade live : the climax to the second chorus is so ... carrying on the same vein : often . i find it grounds me and brings me back to reality when i feel a bit over-stimulated . luckily i know what things can satiate it and i'll feel content with that . i haven't been on here in a while and felt i needed to share this . a string quartet tribute to one of my favourite bands and one of my favourite song of theirs : ... 1967 ford mustang shelby gt500 that's it really : wink : i woke up this morning with these two songs stuck in my head . i've got very fond memories of this movie . the lyrics for the first song ring quite true to me ... ... totally ! there's so much awesome video game music out there : happy :  ... oh boy , can i ? ! this seems to happen more often than not but it never used to bug me before i started paying more attention to it . my room-mates tend to do this all the time ; they'll ask me something ... if i know only one thing it's that every thing that i see of the world outside is so inconceivable often i barely can speak frisson ...  i only explode and lose my shit when it is warranted and the situation calls for it . if i've been belittled or reprimanded like i'm a child consistently ( and for little to no reason over trivial ... reminds me of the great gig in the sky . ... when you know the exact thing to do to make someone feel special and important . ... when you know the right thing to say to comfort someone and make them feel safe . ... when people don't ... listener broke and re-assembled me . by the time the third verse comes around ( 2:50 ) , that's me . i'm done . what amazes me and i think what makes this so beautiful to me is the honesty in the lyrics ... nothing has spoken more directly to my soul than listener has . absolutely ! i tend to think that self-improvement would encompass a broad spectrum of concepts , correct ? this translates to physical self-improvement , mental self-improvement and image ... that was great :) listen to this : rainymood.com : rain makes everything better . - while listening to louis . you stay classy benja . on a similar note : ... ... donx 92t let these waves wash away your hopes  awesome song , amazing music video .  the effects of smoking weed aren't dictated by what personality type you have . let's be honest , what are you expecting to feel when you smoke pot ? an exhilarating roller-coaster rush of an ... i'll just leave this here : and the scatman . who could ever forget the scatman ? this thread won't die :) not with the way we are with music . i walked this road so so many times in high school and here's what i learned : we wear our hearts on our sleeves , but we can't help that because it's who we are . we have this ever-bubbling earnest ... be prepared for heavy : anyone who played red alert would appreciate the awesomeness of this song : good man ! can i get in on that ? i really imagine something like this turning into an impromptu music festival . or at least be out in a secluded spot somewhere at the foot of a mountain or ...  when it feels as if life is kicking me when i'm down , i watch this and realize my problems aren't all as bad as i'm making them out to be : everything i ever told you was a lie ... here are my thoughts : religion is the set of rules governed by man and not by god . this entitles man to judge and condemn their fellow man by not signing in to the indoctrination or set of rules ... you're going to have to do the homework about your target market first here . find out who they are ( men ? women ? what age would they be ? what area do they live in ? etc . ) and adjust your brand ... so your idea is to start a blog reviewing ornate trinkets and curios with multiple purposes sold across different stores and people can donate to you ? you know , there is so much passion in your ... fiona apple's cover of across the universe is absolutely beautiful : edit : and this : '