' i don't know if this is a problem for op as well , but getting through the initial bunny rabbit fear stage is the hardest part . someone does something you don't really like or inidicates the potential ... if he were a naked male model who would make you scream while feeding you the delicious food he cooked . oh and he came with passive income of a million dollars per minute . third on the stress . i only obsess about work during the first few weeks of a new job or if i'm too tight on money . if you're looking for a link to enneagram type , those subforums are the place to ask this . about 50 % of intp's are 4w5 so you won't get much of an even spread here . that said , comfy clothes ... hey now , don't edit your posts to erase your message . this ain't snapchat . i've been told i'm too analytical , i think too much and that makes me intimidating . my personal favorite is inhuman . it's not true , i have feelings and emotions and i can care about people . how i ... fights where one person accuses the other of not trying enough is never a small fight . i've said and received that statement enough times to know it is never small and no one is the martyr . he ... i like all my friends and i wouldn't hang out with anyone that i didn't like . but all of my friends also do things that drive me batshit crazy too or things that i fundamentally disagree with . if i ... i was just promoted into a leadership role and this summarizes my first week . when facing a stubborn bullheaded pig - tell them the holes in their ideas , give a solid explanation as to why and offer an alternate solution . then say the part of their idea that you agree with . if ... other : games , animal care , animal psychology , psychology , science , architectural science and history , cooking , larger diy projects , smithing , nutrition , writing , grammar , medicine , biology , ... the only time i've have ever had trouble finding things to analyze is simply when i am too exhausted to really notice anything . money is freedom and passive income is the way to go . ... ... if you have anxiety , you should be cautious about using any drug as all of them have great potential at exacerbating it , stimulant or depressant . weed treats all individuals differently , but in my ... similarly , with everyone else , i wouldn't go visit a grave after their burial . i can appreciate the desire , but for me , it would just rip the scab off of an old wound . i much prefer the idea of ... yeah , small risks sound about right . i only smoke as a coping mechanism and swearing - i swear like a half naked drunk in the red light district . looks like op didn't value their intp's word and somehow expected other intp's to side with her . shame , really . well , legal wasn't a stipulation in your original post . to be honest , i didn't think that would be a problem since you were talking about pain killers and the like . but if you are looking for a ... small amounts of indicia will help everything slow down , large amounts will knock you on your ass though . personally , i found just being slightly high did the trick while being extremely high just ... i agree with what was said above . i have depression and i have a back injury . so i have a direct comparison . at their absolute worst : physical ongoing pain : physical short term pain : ... i have loved so incredibly deeply but the thought of that person dying has never entered the realm of possibilities . i think vulnerability and love have a lot to do with eachother , because you can ... no , i don't get it at all . i have asked these people they say it always inspires them . the one friend does have a goal of starting her own production buisness and that's what she wants to stay ... most laws line up with my moral code . like murder for example . but i just don't generally like to do things that would directly harm another person . i just don't see a good reason why . but 16 ... being totally alone throughout my life . i don't mean in romance , but just alone altogether . no friends or family . literally , no one to rely on . being vulnerable . outside of the existential stuff - ... my left hand is so incredibly useless ... how in the world would you notice something like that via forum ? 11quality time 9physical touch 5words of affirmation 3receiving gifts 2acts of service results aren't surprising really . i'm very touchy feely and love to spend time with those who are ... recently , i've played fallout 4 for the second go around , got bored at about 70 % ish through the story and switched to the witcher 3 and have just beaten that for the second time . after that it will ... one thing to watch for is the chameleon intp . if we want to we can make ourselves appear as other personalities if needed / wanted . i have not met enough intp's to say how to spot one , though . the only ... i don't unusually try to be emotional when writing , but when i do it still ends up being very reminiscent without actually stating emotions or cause and effect style . hey , remember that thing we ... did i read ? what ? books ? god no . this - exactly . every single one of those fields is over saturated and that in fact none of those jobs can be succeeded in unless you're just naturally very gifted , or are - in fact - an extremely hard worker . those ... in non-personal situations , i definitely defend my reasoning but i wouldn't say it's necessarily defensive . i have x opinion for x reasons or no , it's x thing for x reasons and the majority of ... i love boring jobs . i think being a dishwasher gave me the most freedom to have my mind wander , but the job i have now is also pretty good . it's like a more complicated data entry , so it's not just ... i think the thing is that you can be intelligent and not be an asshole about it . also i think people , in general , are intimidated by intelligence ... or more specifically those who are more ... under the same sky - joeseph kim and stephan talty haha , i like the imagery . you should change your avatar to a duck i don't need arch support unless i'm standing for long periods of time . my arches are freakishly high , makes even buying tennis ... i , in fact , own 2 dresses . i guess they're considered day dresses , but they have lace , therefore , that means i dressed up . i sometimes wear make up too , but i don't really find makeup to be too much ... you know what though , it's all too true . i personally stay out of social situations where men just sort of come up to greet me ( or dates really ) , but there too many women i know where their only ... dang , now i kind of want to meet you . she makes you sound like a unicorn that poops magic and rainbows . i've also been told i'm obviously very intelligent and well-spoken and my personal ... 1 . on a scale of 1-10 how committed are you to the idea of having a life partner ? 3-4 i'll only marry if i have a relationship that i can see as long-lasting . i've seen many marriages that devolve ... what were you in high school ? nerd , jock , gamer , computer geek , prep , ghetto or others ? full outcast , didn't belong to any single group - mostly shunned . there was a rumor that i was a psychopath ... mbti reigns pretty close to horoscope territory , so it's all in good fun i get allergies every season change , even in winter from all the sand they put on the roads . about once a year i'll get a lingering feeling that i'm coming down with something that never comes and i ... i don't fit any single one , but my order to letters would be itnp according to tests . these are the top five . iptn - gamer ( pothead ) – this mode uses themselves as the basic element in their ... wish i could tell you in an objective instructional way , but i don't have great idea myself . this is my general process - maybe you'll be able to glean something from it . when it comes to verbal or ... i write long notes , leave little gifts around places , little handmade presents , make them food , keep stuff they like around the house , lots of compliments , public displays of affection , generally ... '