' key to stress reduction is physical exercise ( especially aerobic exercise ) and a healthy diet . lifting helps as well as aerobic exercise . and soothing music , of course . school is one of the easiest things that you'll ever have to do . i know that it doesn't seem that way from your perspective now . but trust your elders on this one . we've all been through it , and if ... jeans , sweaters ( i like turtlenecks the most ) and a nice overcoat . i do like colors , but for some reason i always end up getting something that's either black , grey or white . wearing coats and ... frollo is one of the greatest disney villains of all time . also , a lot of the books that animated films are based on are seriously fucked up . i never developed a habit of watching porn because my internet was shitty when i was a kid and all throughout high school . later on i read some studies about how much it can fuck with your brain so i ... there's no should or shouldn't . you can't fake forgiveness . it comes from within , before the words are actually uttered . an elegant solution to your everyday problems . i concur . that's very sweet . and it's why i like infj's :) i have a tendency to feel contempt for mental weakness . when someone is complaining about something i find it difficult not only to relate but to feel anything other than contempt for that person . i ... oh i did . but i also didn't because it doesn't exist . it never did . i'm not suppressing bad memories . la-la-la-la-la-la-la . i don't feel like i belong in any fictional universe . that doesn't mean that i wouldn't want to visit or stay in a few of them because they're more fun than the real world . i'm sure that most people ... quack here's a reminder from an intp as well . i'll add to the list by saying that there seems to be some kind of rule that all enfp chicks have to be hot as hell . y tho ? if he shuts your idea down ask for an explanation . use his ti to your advantage as a filter for your own ideas . eventually you'll learn more about how his mind works and you could develop ... i like still ill a lot . but i don't know a lot about their music to have a real opinion . i'll try listening to some of them songs . #triggered yeah , i have a ton of folders with stuff divided into categories divided into subcategories . and depending on the nature of the data they're not all on same drives and same partitions . i even use a ... well , duh . you're just a bunch of avatars for me . there's no way that i could connect with people online . pretty much how i've always seen it . the more i have , the less i have to worry about things and do stuff that i'd rather not have to do . the less i have to worry about things the more freedom i am to ... he's still an intj . being disorganized about certain things in your private life doesn't have that much to do with typology . the guy started like 3 or 4 companies and they all became multibillion ... what the hell is up with this forum ? i tried replying several times only to get a database error and now all of the posts are here and it looks messy . it's the way civil law works . you'd need to prove that you have a legal right to that money . the government can't just give you stuff without any legal basis behind it . you have to sue for damages ... i like it . it relaxes me . it's how civil law works . you can't get something if you don't ask for it , or more precisely if you don't sue and win . so the eu can't give that money to anyone else because nobody has asked for ... it's how civil law works . you can't get something if you don't ask for it , or more precisely if you don't sue and win . so the eu can't give that money to anyone else because nobody has asked for ... it goes to eu budget . so basically it goes to the government . but it does have an effect on member states because their financial contributions to the eu are lowered accordingly . not necessarily . it depends on the nature of the monopolistic practice in question . the eu doesn't even punish certain monopolistic practices if they conclude that they don't have a negative effect ... you're forgetting that monopolies stifle growth and innovation . if you're not hungry or interested you're not going to make the bow and arrow and go hunt . and if you're the only one around that has ... because it's literally illegal according to article 101 of tfeu . eu laws are designed to protect every citizen , regardless of which search engine they use or what their iq is or how much money they ... where's the best one ? ah , you saved her from trump's america just in time . mindfulness helps . doing one thing at a time focused entirely on that thing without thinking about all the other responsibilities until the current task is done . physical exercise helps . healthy diet ... i was just trying to be funny , actually . when am i gonna get some lovin ' ? i was just thinking about this yesterday before i posted and i thought of writing about it . for those of us who put a lot of stock in personality , it makes sense that it would be difficult to fall in ... i've never been in love with anyone real . the closest thing , and man this is so fuckin ' sad to admit even to a bunch of strangers online , but the closest thing for me was kinda sorta having feelings ... i don't even have a dog man , but that's still beautiful . anyway , overclocking my cpu until it hertz does the trick . i think that i have narrowed down this problem to the fact that i don't spend almost any time talking to other people . and conversational skills have to be exercised as any other skill . it's a very bad idea . adults aren't gonna take you seriously with a sock puppet . if anything , they're gonna tell everyone else to stay away from the weird sock puppet person . and that's fine . i can't appreciate many things that other people do even if they do those things brilliantly because i am not interested in those things . like fashion , for example . everyone ... all i need to satisfy is my own curiosity . praise and appreciation from mouthbreathers is remarkably easy to get . people are so easily manipulated into liking you . most of them are like movies with elaborate plots . sometimes i'm not even a character , sometimes i join in later in the dream but most of the time i'm the protagonist . i have very vivid dreams and i ... you don't need a purpose to be happy . you need a healthy diet , some exercise , some sunshine , sex and a shitload of hobbies . then try to enjoy the purposeless life until one day you just drop dead ... using your intp-ness as an excuse not to better yourself in any capacity that you can is kind of pissing me off . for instance , just because you don't enjoy physical exercise ( i don't either , it's one ... it sounds like he's interested in you from the way you wrote it . but the problem with topics like this is that we can't know if what you perceive as signals isn't just your completely wrong ... god bless you . i'm done telling people what's wrong . i might do it on the internet for the sake of discussion and because there's a chance that someone , someday will read it and see the light , but in real life - ... it's always subjective . i'm old enough and smart enough to know better . that being said , compared to most people i am a lot more honest than average . '