' hi , no-id . good to hear from you again . in response to your ideas : what does an ideal relationship look like for you ? ... sex ... sex ... sex ... i would say : yes , i understand and agree ... ecotecture , loving the earth , our common home . hey , chris , there's so much that can be done . imo , it's a question of choosing harmony with nature and each other . i love to see beautiful ... hi chris , i looked up parecon , parpolity , and permaculture . and this is what i found on facebook : aboutsustainable ecological collaborative community of benevolent environmentally friendly ... hi , no-id . i'm still here . have been busy this past week . what would you like to see on this thread ? i guess we've been discussing such serious metaphysics that people don't know what to say about ... tuan : hi jasper , i like the taoist prose at the bottom of your post . it all starts in the heart . tuan : halleluyah . some days it seems there are many more non-believers than believers in a universal god . tuan : hi , no_id , which eastern tradition interests you ? tuan : sounds good to me . is there something universal binding us together , a loving consciousness , a spirit ? idealismics : hey , infps , and others , it might help for us to do a little quiz to determine our belief systems . from this you will know if your inclination is toward a personal or impersonal ... ronnie : very nicely written ! you obviously put a lot of thought into this . i'd like to suggest a book that i think is very relevant and would be useful to this discussion : the joseph ... the link for autobiography of a yogi , the full book , is at : autobiography of a yogi / chapter 1 - wikisource , the free online library idealismics : in recommending this text by an eastern saint of india , i hope we will be able to see past the false wall built between east and west by different self-interested religious and ... idealismics : finding god within practical techniques to awaken our inner divinity so , what do we do if the physical is not adequate to give us the joy , peace and love we all want ? we could ... tuan @ strangestdude the scientific method is a system of epistemology . regarding values , that's a different branch of philosophy . you can point out the limits of science in regards to ... idealismics ... a couple of posters have said i'm too hard on smythe . so , i reviewed the videoclip offered , to see whether i had made a mistake . hey , we're human , what ! my greatest critique of ... strangestdude : yeah i like religious naturalism . i'm still puzzled by your disparaging remarks about the scientific method though . tuanx 92s reply . letx 92s take a little ... strangedude : i like it if more people were able to read and write . i literally can not begin to express how my life has been enhanced and how much i've benefited from my school teachers helping to ... idealismics ... science , or faith , or both ? god is the evolutionary energy of biology 63771 scientists speak up on mix of god and science 63769 to : panoramiq ; 3469103 ] idealism and spirituality cannot co-exist . an ideal is only a supreme idea . it's only in the ordinary , reality without ideals , that one can experience existence itself .  ... no_id ; 3466807 ] ive noticed that too but diggin a bit more you perhaps can understand it this way : the science , no matter what they try to approach , can't touch the pure existence / reality of things ... idealismics , what spiritual infps want , wish for and would like ; on : degrees of faith and degrees of enlightenment imo , one needs to be very careful when assessing the degree of ... they say that if you scratch a cynic you find a disappointed idealist , which i think is completely true . a cynic is an idealist who has gotten disappointed one time too many , and has lost faith in ... refugee : perfection doesn't exist . not even gold is 100 % pure , because it contains impurities . you get the picture ? the best you can hope for is to be understood by the few . i kind of went on about my past when trying to answer your question so i kind of stopped half way . but to get to the point . i was a buddhist ( atheistic ) growing up , became nihilistic and atheist at ... was a cynic for a little while . basically a crushed form of my idealism in the sense of nihilism . i believed that human beings were basically the cancer of the earth . good thing is people can ... poems of faith from the east an indian yogi , yogananda : january 5 , 1893 x96 march 7 , 1952 response to no-id this is written in french . if anyone wants the english , please ask . bonjour no_id , a mon avis ( in my opinion - imo ) tu as des belles idées dans ton ... 63097 collaborative creative writing with other spiritual infps ix92m an english teacher . thatx 92s the enfj part of my idealism . i also have infj and a predominance of intp . i propose ... william blake - auguries of innocence to see a world in a grain of sand , 63058 and a heaven in a wild flower , hold infinity in the palm of your hand , and ... do not stand at my grave and weep do not stand at my grave and weep i am not there . i do not sleep . i am a thousand winds that blow . i am the diamond glints on snow . i am the sunlight on ... mare rubrumby oliver wendell holmes 1858 flash out a stream of blood-red wine ! x97 or : the holy grail for i would drink to other ... you should post more . hi sily , do you believe there is a universal , invisible , loving intelligence connecting all of us , that we can approach and unite with through surrender ? ... i would like for there to exist true justice , true peace . today , there are so many injustices and hardships people face because of the intent of the very few , most powerful people in the world to ... why do i get the feeling that this thread might somehow sponsor a series of mini-tyrants ? why would you get that feeling candid apple ? poetry of faith section idealismics , what spiritual infps want , wish for and would like ; the ideal world a manifesto for idealists of faith you should post more . do you believe there is a universal , invisible , loving intelligence connecting all of us , that we can approach and unite with through surrender ? i would have to write a book to argue thoroughly against everything you've said here , so i will preface this by saying that i can't do it justice in space as limited as this . you extrapolate many ... [ quote = actionjesus ; 3430478 ] another good post juan . what happened to your old thread ? i was hoping to get to know you better . :) my apologies if you feel i went overboard in there , i can't help it . ... this scene from before sunrise sums up my spiritual feelings soo perfectly . iufeff believe if there's any kind of god it wouldn't be in any of us , not you or me but just this little space in ... thanks for your ideas on the topic , mattylad . beautiful thoughts and sentiments . i'm glad you're on the planet with us . this gives me some hope for our species . idealismics , what spiritual infps want , wish for and would like ; the ideal world a manifesto for idealists of faith ix92ve created a new word which i call idealismics , meaning everything ... hi strangestdude , well , we infps are said to be healers , and that ’ s where you and i resonate . i ’ m not a fan of traditional religions either , the formal fossilized abrahamic desert religions ... hi belovodia , hey , i like your words . a lot said in a little space . the connection you have to the divine , is it constant or does it come and go ? i wouldn ’ t call it delusional , more ... hi actionjesus , given the words actionjesus , you may have a belief in jesus . why do people call you a nihilist and an extreme skeptic ? do you tell them you believe ... great taoist poem , agape , i try to empty my boat a little each day . my goal is a fully empty boat . a similar thought : annihilate the ego and bodily consciousness before death comes again ... hi ccl , it seems to me that jung was a very complex intellectual and that he toyed with many ideas about god / goddess , the force , the source , the tao ... if we look at the article attached below . ... hello synchronit 111 , the breathless state is necessary for the more profound states . sounds like you touched it briefly . seems to me , the difficulty is the world time it takes to ... hi , the tests i've done indicate i have a mainly infp personality , with two other idealistic types , infj and enfj , at other times . my life story matches up with this type . my decisions have ... '