' i suspect i might have some kind of low-grade depression , but my lack of confidence seems to be a bigger problem because it makes me feel incapable of handling everyday issues and stress . its also ... yes , i especially dislike those who seem to lack a genuine core of decency , which they try to fill up with societal ideals of material success and wealth . they seem to have few principles of their ... darn , started in ann arbor by two students from u of m , my alma mater . spent some lonely nights there at the ann arbor downtown store when i didn't have anybody . good times . there seems to be a bigger question behind the question , which is to what extent do parents have the right to control their children ? i'm thinking to the extent of preventing the kid from causing ... i don't know about that . people praised you for a reason , and instead of discounting their compliments , i think it would be wise to realize that you do indeed have strengths in a certain area . ... yeah , i find it difficult too . very nerve-wracking , especially since i'm not a particularly enthusiastic student . i don't talk much in class , and i get by with last-minute , sometimes all-nighter ... i don't mind it either , as long as i'm not in a relationship . yes i get this a lot . not sure why either , but my best guess is our need for approval . when others suspect us of doing something , it seems like that would only happen if they thought us capable of ... yes , like lucasm says , you seem to be a competent writer , at least . with regards to the guitar , i know what you mean . i went through a similar period . i would suggest learning a genre of music ... i second george r . r . martin . while you're at all , might as well check out the hbo series they made out of his books . season 1 just finished a couple of weeks ago , its called game of thrones , ... yes , i often don't feel as confident as i want to , and that negatively impacts my assertiveness . when i think objectively about my skills and abilities and those of my friends / acquaintances , i'm ... well , fi is introverted feeling after all , concerned mainly with your own feelings . that can lead to empathy , as you can try to imagine how it would feel if you were in a certain situation . but on ... not lloyd blankfein wealthy , but i do want to be well off , just because it makes life easier - if i had a medical problem , even with insurance , all the costs aren't always covered , so money would be ... arrogance , rudeness , passive-aggression , condescension , jealousy . those are probably the big characteristics that make me dislike someone . i also dislike people who dislike me . i definitely see your point , and it makes sense that doing what you love will be healthier psychologically for you . but in this economy , and with a family depending on you to feed them , i don't ... my mom is an isfj , and i know her quite well . when its good , its really good . but when its bad , it can get kind of ugly . of course , have to bear in mind that the mother-son roles , besides mbti , ... life isn't working to get money . working to get money is part of life , never lose sight of the fact that life is bigger than that , encompasses many more activities and goals . i'm sure there are ... i'm pretty sure those aren't mutually exclusive :D . to the op : it's not uncommon to be in between . trolololol in general i like intps , more than intjs . i definitely get a very cool sort of vibe from them , but the coldness seems more a consequence of their preference for logic rather than a calculated ... i think this goes to show that we all have different value systems . still , i'm surprised at the insensitivity , given that enfjs are supposed to be fe dominant . i think its more a case of ... i got 242 , so i guess i'm more of a type a . i can't help but feel i'm more of a type b deep down inside . when i'm feeling happy and content i feel very b-ish . but having been brought up by a type ... a = 16.6 % b = 50 % c = 66.6 % d = 50 % e = 50 % f = 83.3 % i'm a stop out dominant and a changer second . sounds like me . i like to do my own thing and i couldn't care less about power and ... i'm surprised ; i didn't think i would get so many replies so soon ! thank you for your replies . thats interesting . could it be that remarks by intuitives can sometimes seem like attempts to ... [ quote = wickedqueen ; 1336232 ] well it makes me feel relax , not caring about what other people opinion of me . i know myself better than others and their opinion of me is subjective , so i don't see why i ... i identify somewhat with what you said about patronizing parents . i also got upset when they tried to ignore / write my concerns off as me being overly sensitive . i used to feel ashamed of myself ... i don't see anything wrong with not wanting to do video chat . it just seems to put so much more pressure on the interaction . with written chat i can be surfing the internet , looking up random ... i just wanted to get some isfps ' opinions on this because i've noticed , both in my own life and in the forums , isfps seem to regard some things said by intuitives ( nfs and nts ) to be offensive , ... no , i thank you for your post in the other thread . i see the two as separate issues . how someone deals with criticism and possessing arrogance are two different things . i did not mean to ... whats the point of getting a woman if i have to be less happy in order to attract her ? doesn't that defeat the purpose in the first place ? unless you're the type who really buys into the ... i really think that arrogance is just a form of ignorance . you can't possibly be good at everything , and i agree , some of those peeps hanging out at the intj forum seem to think intjs are superior ... thats a good point , and i know i'm reviving an old thread , but it just got me curious . what happens when you intjs get bullied / insulted for being incompetent ? not just getting bullied , but ... i read an interesting article on psychology today awhile back about teasing and bullying among the different genders . among boys , its common to tease each other sort of as a status checker , and as ... what a great episode . loved the ned stark - jaime lannister exchange at the end . that tried and true hack and slash istj fighting style paired up against the estp performer ; that was interesting to ... great second episode , though a little slow until the ending . probably doesn't help that i've read all the books that are currently available . i know what's going to happen next , so it doesn't ... i like tetris and league of legends , some cs , played alot of killing floor , the total war series , and wow once in awhile . yeah , i play pretty much everything except rtses . i hate having to do all ... no , i don't think so . i've had some experiences with estjs . totally different personalities . estjs like to fight for the sake of fighting , i feel . think bill o'reilly . they'll try to challenge ... where else does an unwanted sandwich go but in the trash can ? maybe you should give it to your mom and tell her to eat it . if she doesn't want to be a horrible and disgusting person she better eat ... its the same logic as that which does not kill you makes you stronger . wrong again , nietzsche . it just makes it easier for the next thing that comes along to kill you . bullying is about the ... qft . i'm an intuitive , and when i bother to apply myself , i usually get the concepts . i don't like papers , and i hate doing assigned reading . i'd much rather have timed exams , where they force you ... crap , i have to get my senior thesis bound today to turn in the next day , but i'm not even done with it . its almost 5 am . wish i were an istj sometimes , can keep calm and focus . really having to ... i see litigation more as an xxtj thing , kind of conquering and destroying your opponent's argument , but i guess i don't know too much about either path yet . how happy have you been so far with ... i'm an infp who's most likely going to law school this fall , but it seems like most infps probably would not enjoy working as a lawyer . i'm not even talking about litigation ; i have very little ... fiction writer . totally identify with this . in a month i'll be graduating from college and i can count on the fingers of one hand all the friends i've made . part of it is i'm just a lazy guy . its too much effort ... i can't say i've had very much leadership experience , but from what limited experience i've had , i would suggest leading by serving . more of a mindset thing . like you said , trying to make others ... i guess people get different things out of college , but in general , yes , its worth it . if you want a job with a decent income you're most likely going to need a degree , as a way of getting your ... i'm going to be graduating with a history degree in a month , then i'll be going on to law school for a jd . yeah definitely try , but i wouldn't stress out too much if i were you . usually young and unemployed is applied to ppl who've graduated from college , are 100k in debt and can't find a job . that's ... hate to say it , but that's old news . fukushima workers evacuate after radiation spikes | world news | guardian.co.uk earlier , officials from the nuclear and industrial safety agency said that ... '