yet you do nothing all day , and when you finally decide to do something , the day's already over . you can't save it for the next day either , because you no longer feel like doing it . and when people ... there's no ' all of the above ' option ? awesome ! i wonder how well that works for males though , maybe mooing would sound more masculine ... when a good song comes on the car radio , so you decide to start speeding just because you .. eh , i dont really know why i do it , just that it's how i get all my tickets :( ... when you're late ... ... when i'm stopped , and people honk at me if i take longer than usual to go once the traffic light turns green . ( i take it personally ) . ... when people ignore me when i talk to them , because they ... hmm .. what do you mean by powerful ? physically or mentally powerful ? i usually find myself drawn to people who seem to be misfits in society , perhaps because i can find it easy to relate to them in a ... sometimes i feel as if i tend to imitate other people's personalities when i'm around them , like in one-on-one scenarios . for instance , a lot of my friends ( i'm pretty sure ) are s over n and they ... well dilldough , you are a doer , so go ahead and do it . oh and i absolutely love your name ! i think it suits you very well ;) omg this made me laugh so hard ! ! this made my day @ @ when you said sheet-tents i thought you were talking about getting ( im not sure how to say this in any sort of non-dirty way ) .. but then i realized ... sometimes i get into situations where i think someone doesn't like me or enjoy my company .. but what i've come to realize is that just by feeling that way , other people can sense my emotions ( i guess ... like that . now what does it mean ? ? ? ! ! @ @ @ :D i have nothing against being an introvert . i don't think there's anything particularly bad about being one . but when my social phobias get in the way of what i want to do with my life , that's where ... assholes are people that just constantly enjoy busting your balls . i'm not really sure what a douche bag is though . i'm guessing from the pictures that they have to be guido ? haha yeah .. i myself think that i'm a victim of every single disorder out there . i remember this one time when i was a junior in high school ; i seriously thought i was schizophrenic because i was ... i can see why people would make the association between mbti and astrology , because they both deal with learning more about yourself whether it be through scientific or spiritual means . although i ... just got terraria on steam . looks awesome ! when i found out the easter bunny wasn't real . :( i feel that i sometimes subconsciously categorize others according to their looks , even though i wouldn't consider myself a shallow person . i think judging people's exteriors is just inherent in ... i've been seriously addicted to league of legends recently . that shit's off da hook ! ! i like all the different champions you can play as , and it's fun gathering money to collect them :P p sadly ... ... you accidentally squash a bug and feel guilty about it . ... you feel sorry for all the bugs you've killed while driving down the interstate . at times , i feel like i subconsciously put up a sort of visage over my true personality . i guess it's because of my self-esteem issues but i don't really know . i just wish i could be myself around ... oh em gee ! ocarina of time is the best.game.ever ! ! ! i took the same test you did and i got type 7 too :) . although i tested type 2 like a month ago .. oh well . i watch around 2-3 hours of tv per week . some of the shows i like : cash cab jeopardy amc series breaking bad amc series madmen law and order : svu i lol'd hard . meh , i'm kind of indifferent to repetition . if the author absolutely needs to use it to get his point across , whatever , but i'd prefer some good metaphors / similes instead :P shit ! ! that's a day after i graduate from high school ! ! so much for the all-night after party :( i don't look at it as bowing before some king or higher authority .. i think of it as believing in something bigger than yourself my brother is an intj and my father is an istj . when you describe your ex , it sounds reminiscent of both but it seems to resonate more with my brother . i'd say your ex is an intj . oh , and my brother ... i think you're an infp with a developed te , which is rare i think . funny one pleasure green just between us .. type 2 infps are superior . oh yeah and i'm a type 2 infp too ! ( don't worry , i'm not biased at all ) so what ? that's what i like about him i couldn't imagine how dull and colorless life would be if it all depended on what personality type you were . you'd see people carrying around signs to showcase their personality to the world and ... i just realized we were supposed to post poems we wrote ourselves , so here's one i wrote a few years ago about a recurring dream i had when i was around 5 years old : here i am in the dark by this ... here's a poem by sylvia plath that i like : admonition if you dissect a bird to diagram the tongue you'll cut the chord articulating song . if you were a pig , this would be the best anthem ever ! ! ! being able to run around and brag about being the same type as shakespeare :) school gym headache i have also felt the pressures of society and the conflictions between who you want to be and what they think you should be and how you should act . because we're generally highly idealistic , i think ... the suicide girl 66 % sexy-cute , 32 % dark-light , 28 % artsy-stylish cute , dark , and artsy , it's the suicide girl . a cousin of the goth girl , she's a little more on the cute side than the sexy ... i don't think that people would see you as self absorbed . i definitely wouldn't .. because you take into account the feelings of others . well , looks like i'm moving to finland . :) i feel like i think about myself a lot , whether i'm doing the right thing or if i'm being the person i want to be or if being the person i want to be is better than being the person i am ( i know ... i want to reach that point so bad , where bonds so finely intertwined between cold reality and warm fantasy shatter and fizzle ... disappearing into thin air . but here i am , frozen from now ' til ... i hate the negative connotations associated with terms like nerd / geek . some of the coolest people i know are nerds . :) i'd be lucky if i could get anyone .