' would love to help i do that do , but i try to incorporate dance moves in to my walks . i'm getting quite good at dance walking : mellow : my computer can't handle pc games : frustrating : do you guys have xbox live ? ntuitive is mysterious ... like a ninja . i think they just saw the guy with the enfp unicorn shirt hilarious . i might order one , a little straped on cash though sugar queen : tongue : yea the one you made :p roud : i already get looks some time because my enfp facial expressions when i get into it . i don't look like the kind of guy that goes to the gym i guess lol i would wear your shirt when i go to the gym and lift weights lol just to show enfp pride but i already have a unicorn shirt :p roud :  loads of pathos sounds like an intuitive . we're all stuck in a never ending quest of finding the answer to every question in life . it's what stimulates our minds from my mbti personality type - mbti basics - ... are you sure you're not a shadow istj ? i was deep into depression for a long time and acted and thought like an istj . no one would have ever known i was an enfp . i really wasnt into feelings at all , ... elvis impersonation lol pics please ?  this is how i assume women want to be treated 1:22 evander holyfield anyone ?   ... you have some strong shoulders : o i just imagined the words from this frank zappa song when i read the title first i'll buy some beads and then perhaps a leather band to go around my head some feathers and bells and a book ... cook a steak and lobster dinner for her . that's what i did :) jesus christ woman you got to end this now ? get your life back to yourself . you're very selfless but a relationship is about two people who feel the same abou eachother . i have no idea how or why you ... why does it hurt when i pee ? i am the walrus coo coo ca choo ca choo that just sounds dirty xd bumped because i want to know more about dating another enfp since i'm flirting with one :) lol i did this all the time when i was a kid and preteen . i had no idea i was being flirty till a lot later on . i didn't even realize until later that the reason why girls were bothering me is ... lucky edgehill ;) some i thought of : doctor fitsergood max power luce lee rockefeller velvet train yea ! you can't front on that hmmm i would of thought intj musical palettes be more refined :/ i second that :/ thought this was gonna be a thread about enfp users catchphrases . i was a catfish swimmin in the deap blue sea it won't let me post the video in my ipod :/   ... blue heavy metal people minutes to go lol phoebe your just a bit taller then that chair xd since your into advant-garde have you ever read william s . burroughs . it's basically the bible of advant-garde literature .  ... wrong thread xd racist yet hillarious xd you can just private message me the r rated stuff : wink : here are we , one magical moment ... such is the stuff that dreams are woooven    enfp detective ... hmmm that would make a great sitcom lol lol no i don't actually have it on my facebook page . nor do i have an entire album dedicated to my car . idk was just feeling very bold today . i often have a stone face like that because of my ... posts my own personal douche bag shirtless facebook photo : tongue : are you considered hot or beautiful or cute by ... '