' this may be a pretty old joke , but am i the only one who keeps taking this as a threat ... it says yours in blood-covered letters and everything . it's completely ... i am so immersed in my existence of hiding how i have no friends , trying on different personalities ( because no one would like my real one ) , hiding that i lack so many experiences everyone is assumed ... omg , i just can't get over how perfect the new radiohead album is . usually i have trouble getting very worked up about just music , preferring books and movies ( even video games ) , and it just felt ... i have to take a fairly long break from something i found intensely meaningful to get a lot of practical stuff done . the practical stuff wouldn't be that bad , except i'm a very anxious person which ... the way i read the situation , i think he knows you are right . he doesn't feel like you have the right to chastise him though , so he lashes out against you to protect himself from the humiliation ... i probably count as a dark infp nowadays . the way i see it , everyone is just out for themselves . being nice , kind , loyal etc . just means that you're more susceptible to the way evolution ... i wrote a half-serious / half-comedic article about a subject people usually don't take very seriously for a site that has bought some texts from me before . they want me to remove the bits where i get ... = =D eleted = = ( uhhh , long story . sorry . ) i read a review of a young adult book where it said the main character was in that phase of one's teenage years when one thinks it's unbelievable that anyone could be attracted to one because one ... i don't ( find my passions ) . it's more like they find me , calling to me . like when i was forced to visit someone with my parents when i was a child , and they were flipping the channels and one of the ... i literally feel like a picasso painting all the time . this sounds like just the kind of poetic thing an infp ... i watched the movie room yesterday , the one that got brie larson an oscar for best female actress the other day . it's about a young woman and her son who are held in a shed by a kidnapper . she ... not that i'm either , because i'm not american , but in a way what i believe in is the balance . not that the particular balance between democrats and republicans is the best balance there is , but that ... i'm probably depressed because i'm lonely . art is the only reliable thing i have to alleviate this . it takes me away , somewhere else , and the kind of art i like is also always warm and very human - ... she sounds isfp to me . as extraverted intuition is their inferior function , isfjs actually tend to love abstract jokes . us infps have an easy time making them laugh . you also say your mom gets ... it feels kind of scary , like wearing a hat to town that you've never worn before , but for a long time i've not really felt like an infp , i only continued to assume it was correct as i had spent so ... this puzzled me , so i took the liberty of reading a lot of your posts . as you say yourself , you talk a lot about details from your life . meanwhile , in a case where you were responding to a thread ... a simple give-away is that isfps tend to speak in stories about their lives , telling you , often to great detail , about things that have happened to them . infps , on the other hand , are shy about such ... okay , warning you . i'm harsh . good things first though : 1 ) it's coherent , and clear . i know exactly what's going on . you are telling a story . 2 ) it managed to keep my interest throughout , mainly ... if i get this right , you want to travel around while studying online , sometimes living in your car , but you need extra money for it to add up , and plan to earn it by offering martial arts lectures to ... i wouldn't say this is a gender thing , speaking from experience . most people are not sure how to respond to great romantic gestures , both coming from girls and boys . i'm a traitor though . no longer a ... yes , i'd say for friendship the two types are excellent , because they use the same information function ( ne ) , whilst fi and ti usually easily find something to respect in each other , both favoring ... today i had some kind of nightmare . usually i don't even have dreams . for the novelty of it , i had put a song i like , but not that much , as my alarm clock for today , while i had to get up a fair bit ... i think this is true . it's more likely than other types that infps will identify with , and be drawn towards the messiness , slight weirdness , and lonely melancholy of such music . though i'm sure there ... i confess that as much as i'm doing everything i'm doing because i think it will make the world a better place , my own greater personal wish is really that some kind of terrible plague will break out ... it's not science , i agree ! whatever jung might have thought . there is no reason to think we actually have those functions in our brains , for example , and i doubt we do . it's the best tool we have for ... the natural sciences try to be as uninterpretive as possible . the philosopher's job is to tell us what we know , what it means , and apply it to society . while the scientist works on a sort of ... it's kind of amazing that something as nice as oranges should actually be very healthy , which made me think of how there's actually no difference between really liking oranges and something really ... so as a type 4 , i'm constantly looking for opportunities to do whatever everyone else is not doing . so , i hereby basically went about how average everything is . everything is so okay . which i don't ... sounds like he's just curious if you feel compelled to have more such relationships now , because he's fascinated by the paradoxity of the tendency of abused people to seek out new abusive ... this is related to the post above : i think free and freedom are very dangerous words . it has a concrete meaning when someone is literally pinning you down , but when you get abstract about it , ... haha , i'd say norway is istj , 9w1 . nobody tries to stand out , disliking any kind of fuss , while having a great respect for facts which they unemotionally take account of . i would attribute its ... hahah , i was just about to say how much i love lolita being recommended as a romance novel here when it's probably rather the epitomy of nabokov's ideal of good literature as pretty sentences where ... i would say infps are more clumsy . infjs tend to have a certain elegance about them . i think i'm very emotionally invested in this somehow , suddenly . i imagine you , with your 4.0 and everything , deciding not to get a ds and pokémon despite your random , nostalgic urge , and then life ... you should stand up for yourself . the same way we have a lot of difficulty understanding why certain types are so obsessed with details , they have difficulty understanding why we are so relaxed about ... ohhh , hahahha , thanks . obviously not though , at least not about buddhism . it sounds like it teaches some very good things . i've read some kierkegaard . i have this thing that i judge philosophers ... hahah , i might have completely made up the thing about the maniacal laughing , and dinner with the prostitutes ! he did get quite wealthy near his death though , and yeah , that might be how he saw it ... the existentialists are quite depressing too , you know , it's just that at the end of the day , they're going to demand you do something about it , whilst schopenhauer will leave you at the edge of the ... i recommend you read any philosopher but schopenhauer in your mood . first of all , he is the only western pessimist . all other philosophers , even nietzsche , are truth be told optimists in some or ... to be honest , it's not very important to me to be recognized as pangender . it's just the gender label i feel most comfortable about when i think really hard about it . so i don't have any ... i think it's funny how they say the world is made up of four energies , and then relate it to chemistry in order to make it sound scientific . it reminds me of that new age book the secret that takes ... i would argue the article writer means with useless the same thing i do . he enjoys movies and children playing ukulele just because , he writes , after all . i also don't , myself , think that it's an ... the novel sophie's world by jostein gaarder is the best place to start , by far , if you know nothing of philosophy already . if you've read it , or want something more scholarly , the history of western ... i don't think so . as for the second part , i agree ah , but i don't believe art is unessential , even if it's useless . i think i have , among others , artists such as oscar wilde with me on this viewpoint , who concludes the preface of his most famous ... but does art really have any quality besides its uselessness ? which i don't think it has . and if so , why specifically encourage children to learn ways of enjoying this uselessness that give their ... excuse me , but will you marry me ? it has nothing to do with the chance of immediate economic freedom you represent . i swear on my fi . < _ < > _ > the one person i think would test as an esfp that i knew used to bully me in elementary school . many , many years later , in late high school , we were on a school trip , and talking though we usually ... definitely not ! would you mind living in a musical society ? the idea is that every member has to stage an elaborate musical sequence meticulously made to look spontaneous in the middle of the ... '