'  i really like this thread . i've wondered about this before and thought that infps that lived before modern times must have had it rough . hell , life is hard now for infps so i wouldn't like the ... this guy  not trying to insult the op , but i have no interest in doing well with women . to me , that phrase just means putting up a front that men think will be guaranteed to charm any woman . they know ... i think this may be a trait of certain types of people ( even some infps ) . i think i can remain calm in stressful situations pretty well myself . but , logical reasoning and fearful thoughts would ... there's a lot of stupid bullshit in that article . but once you filter through the idiotic way the guy words some stuff , most of the main points are valid . have you ever had an extreme life or death experience or an experience that really made you examine your own mortality ? fears may limit people somewhat , but fears are obviously there to keep you ... with family , its usually just something i'm expected to do . with friends , it's a little more special because there's only a couple friends that i'm close enough to that makes hugging a nice thing to ... i just finished the uncharted series . great games but i was a little disappointed with uncharted 3 ' s ending . if that's the end of the franchise ( that naughty dog develops anyway ) , they didn't make ... whether or not it should be scary is debatable . but the fact is that it is quite scary for everyone , with the exception of someone who has lived a long life and is mentally prepared for such an ...  i really want to find an enfj . i think that's the perfect type for me . although i might like a more sensitive entj . i think i would find entjs to be pretty attractive sexually as well . since they're ... this is what i'm currently struggling with . i have grand things that i want to accomplish but i have a great deal of trouble keeping myself motivated and focused on doing what i need to do to get ... i'm very sensitive to criticism and it's really hard for me to not take it personally . if i'm already aware of a valid criticism toward my personality or my actions , then it's not as hard for me to ... best laugh ever : laughing : if you just quoted henry rollins like i'm pretty sure you did , i might have to love you .  i want an enfj ! ! ! : sad :  no dude orwell , lennon , and waterson are well known infps . the rest i could see being infp too . two thumbs up for the monty python reference :D you guys have such a long , turbulent history . even if you both matured or worked on your respective problems , i don't really think it would work out . your past shows that you've had a lot of ... he was definitely an f . his life was driven by his inner feelings . the same feelings that drove him to commit suicide . you can see it in his lyrics and other writings . and i agree with antahon on the ...  count me in too   great album ! i am currently in love with sea change by beck . it's probably one of the best albums i've ever heard . love this song , it's so heavy but surreal . i think all drugs should be legalized and given appropriate restrictions like alcohol or tobacco . it's all a front ... an elaborate disguise : crying : i need a companion lady wolf i guess as far as depths go , i connect with one song by an artist first . then if i really like that style , i might latch onto that whole album . and then i start to really get into that artist as a ... i'm not really sure how to answer those . i don't know what you mean by music depths or a muse like subject but all i can say is that music is more important to me than anything else . i can't even ... no problem . listening to music is what lonewolves do best : tongue : john frusciante inspires and completes the rest of the chilis . they need him back in order to be the real rhcp . i agree . on another note , i am single . please help ! : blushed : i play electric / acoustic guitar . i also write some ( free writing , short stories ) and i'd like to write some lyrics . i thought maybe i could use an artist's music as a template for writing a song . for ... '