' i'm an existentialist . :) there is no god ; humans exist in an indifferent universe . there is no universal right or wrong . it is up to individuals to determine their own sense of morality and ... he is an absurdist . similar philosophies . i wonder if that has something to do with this ... change in him ... the functions fit for him being intj . he used to think he was an intp , but the functions are wrong . :/ intj is all that really fits , as far as functions go . definitely ni dominant , uses fi as well ... his words , not mine . > . > ; i apologize if this has already been asked ( not overly interested in skimming 66 pages :P ): what would take place internally if an intj came to the conclusion that logic is obsolete ? ( i have a ... i've been called innocent by people who i've had very few words with ... mostly .. and older people . i actually come off as rather cold when talking to people i don't know ... but i guess i just look ... > . > don't mind the ff . i try to stop if i see i'm being destructive to myself or others by digging deeper into feelings and dwelling . but it's very hard to do so . if you don't like the way you feel once you get to a ... thank you treehugger . you gave some encouraging advice . :D i think you're right--i should try something different . unfortunately , i'm not a great painter . i tried to pick up watercolor , but it's so ... soliloquys about allergies blackbeard : exactly . you explained that so well ! :P thank you . maybe i should try flipping my brain off . : o .. at least listen from 1:49 on . <3 paragon : i guess it's always a possibility , but i am certain i am infp . i'm very close to 50/50 e / i , but i'm on the introverted side . i considered enfp for a long time , but it didn't sit right . my ... i have a really hard time expressing myself effectively , especially when i feel something very deeply . it's like it's stuck there ... left to fester and dig deeper until i feel sick with it ( which i ... @ rather unusual yikes ! i'm sorry you feel this way . :( i've never realized guys felt inferior like that ; and now that i recognize it , i know you can't be alone . i can see where you are coming ... faeriegal has a great post ( and personal experience ! ) .. but i thought i'd share my thoughts as well . i used to consider nursing ... and i'm in the same boat as you are with trying to decide my life ... i am curious why you think drizzt would be infj . he has a very strong fi ( rather than fe ) function in my opinion . i've always thought him to be infp / isfp . what makes him infj ? :) [ > . < sorry , dunno how to delete this . ] i am obsessed with the concept of being as in tune with your natural and true self as possible . the ideals of society aggravate me ; how people can be so blind ... and shape themselves to society's ... i read that captain ahab in moby dick is infp . :) sorry for disappearing . have a lot going on right now . D: thank you so much , ethereal . really . i usually test infp , but only by a point or two in the i vs the e . a friend of mine said i was enfp ... hm , interesting - i wouldn't say i feel displeasure when i delve into nostalgia . i mean , my memories are overall pleasant , just ... sad because they can never exist again . i come off as very negative ... i'm very open with people i wish to get to know better . i guess i use it as a way of finding / creating some sort of deeper understanding with someone else , as i am uninterested in superficial topics ... become less socially awkward and shy around new people read moby dick clean my room :( make good grades lose 20 lbs . :P i like the feeling of : sentimentality / nostalgia . i suppose that would be my favorite ; having a deep connection with a memory that no one else could understand . intense remorse and ... i've been waffling (: p ) between infp and enfp for a long time as well . i'm very shy and uncomfortable when interacting with new people . i also like to introvert a lot ... so i always thought maybe i ... the club scene goes totally against my ideals ( at least the intoxication and hook-up parts ) . :/ i've never gone , and really don't plan on it unless my close friends want me to go or something ... well , i am an enfp , enneagram 2 sx / sp / so ( though sometimes i feel i relate with 4 better ) , and i can see what you mean . to my understanding , the most common types for enfps are 2 , 7 , and 4 , which is ... it sounds like it may be anxiety . the past few semesters of high school ( im a senior now and headed to college soon :/ ) , i felt unlike myself for the first month in the beginning of the semester . i ... i have no problem remembering sentimental things ... and people ... and feelings ... but anything mundane is forgotten . when i reflect on the past , i always envision it as so much better than now , but ... i'm selling heavenly sketches , a world out of my mind , ready to explode in purity to fill the holes inside an ever moving stream with ... the rain , wind , and clouds thoughtfulness popsicles learning cuddling personifying things in nature stimulating ideas :D autumn is my favorite season , followed by winter . the air is crisp ! it's so lovely and inspiring somehow .. haha . it's like the end of a cycle .. but it's refreshing . i'm usually the happiest in autumn ... i've been learning spanish for five years now and am really comfortable speaking . :D it's a fun language .. and pretty useful compared to french . listening to spanish songs helps me a lot ... i ... i thought to myself , wow , my desk is really messy ... but it doesn't bother me . then , i considered my dad's desk . it's clean and organized and orderly . :P i've read conflicting arguments about how ... i've never been very outgoing in my clothing . :P i stick with jeans and some sort of black top usually . i like black on me ... i feel like it brings out my paleness . :D i hate wearing colored shirts . i ... hehe , yeah . hmmm .. my favorite in flames song would probably be eitherrr my sweet shadow , crawl through knives , dial 595 - escape , evil in a closet , black and white , clayman , another day in ... basics ~ name : laura nicknames : elfie , leelore gender : female location : born in georgia , was adopted and moved to florida ... then moved back to georgia . : crazy : - later on in life , i'd love to ... yeah ... i've seen one viking movie .. but i couldn't stand it because it was so incorrect haha . it wasn't valhalla rising though . i'm not sure what it was . i'll be sure to check out valhalla rising ... thanks guys . :D you are all so friendly . :] i've dabbled in norwegian . :P but that's pretty much the extent of my ability to speak it , unfortunately . scandinavia is awesome . i'd be so proud if i ... hello everyone , hopefully someone here can help me figure this out . :] ( i'm sorry for the length ) : c i'm either enfp or infp according to myers-briggs ( i'm having a hard time distinguishing ... haha .. i see what you did there :P god dag ! hvordan har du det ? :p roud : haha . i love you too ? :P you like norse mythology too ? ! :D so awesome . i agree , norwegians are awesome ... though , ... thank you guys so much for the warm welcome . :P hey everyone ! i guess i can be called fenryrr ... and i'm here to partake in the awesomeness of personalitycafe . :] i've been looming / stalking around for awhile and figured it was time for me to ... i have a close friend who is an intp and i'm greatly attracted to him . it's the way he's always so calm and quiet , but has so much he could say about anything that really gets me . he seems to ... '