' cool , be nice ! that does sound cute ! i plan on doing cat designs . ;) don't bite your nails . : angry : and awww , such a cute design ! i can't wait for halloween to see what you all come up with . ;) pics please ! yeah , i'm too poor to go to a pro . : laughing : but now that my new job pays me better , perhaps it's time to go treat myself ~ my current nails this week ! golden candle , you probably already saw this on ig . xd wow . are you a professional cause yours look so much cleaner and delicate than mine ! and those look like gel nails . ;D it's okay , we always start off somewhere ! i hope you post pics one day :D elizabeth is esfj . elizabeth is infj . elizabeth is enfj . elizabeth is entp . fe equals quick judgments . basically , you have no argument lol . nice joke . don't tell another one . if you do ( women and or men , ) what styles do you like and please post pictures ! current styles that i am obsessed with ( yes these are all my nails :) japanese ... i see flaws and i see perks . there are a lot of cookie-cutter and clone models on there with the same ink eyebrows , same winged eye-liner , same blinding highlighter , same unoriginal beauty , etc . ... i prefer ... keep it simple girls . falling foxes , are you english white ? i would participate if i was passionate about clothes at all so you can all assume i have something unflattering or relatively simple . : tongue : now if we're talking about makeup and nail ... i also think satan's estp . the entps on this thread are annoying as expected . how does one smell like a big one ? owo oh come on , have more confidence in yourself ! we're getting there . let's make this thread dirtier . odd question , but does he find you too wild or ' unstable ' in our enfp ways for his tastes ? and if the isfj is more short tempered , what was it that held them together ? yeah and saying estps are ' logical ' and enfps are ' emotional ' are basic , cliche mbti stupidity . one of my acquaintance definitely likes to to talk a lot , but don't seem to care when i'm the one ... ohhh dear , we're back to square one with the stereotypes . i'm surprised estps are lurking on this thread . what were you curious about ? what doesn't seem wise ? estp / enfp relationship ? i wish more people would vote but like actually share more of their stories as well arggh . : angry : uh oh , intjs are catching up . v - infj evey - isfj your grandma is really pretty . o_o per c glitches . everyone's been dealing with something weird . i immediately knew you were south asian when i saw you . i get a lot of them for customers and a few of them for friends . xd interestingly enough , a few of them also have the septum piercing and ... you are beautiful ! i'm going to guess that you're either indian , pakistani or bangladeshi ? :D d i love the septum btw ! thank you and whooo ! another makeup enthusiast like me ? :D can we have some pics of you too ? i've always been told i'm rather low maintenance . on dates , i'm usually the one paying for both myself and the guy . : tongue : did you just fart ? because you blow me away . : crazy : and i'm surprised that entp is pretty popular . i would think ne doms would eventually sizzle out . holy shit , every option has at least one vote lol . and infj is more popular than intj ? mindblown ! : crazy : who voted for estp ? what was the relationship like ? you sound rather serious when you type . please don't take this offensively , but at times , i feel you're even solemn . of course this is all simply based on what i'm seeing through text alone ... what's with people here mostly dismissing enfp ? abruptly taking a taxi in the middle of the night to hit a cafe does not equal esfp wtf ? sure it could , but i know so many spontaneous enfps who do ... yeah , that really describes me . i call it pushing my luck though . i want to see how far people put up with me . how far they're willing to go for me . it's a mental pass or fail thing . if they ... yes . yes i did . * facepalm * i always had this image that you had enfp under your avatar and never paid attention till now . . __ . also , idk if it's my laptop or this site has been having some major glitches but : - some of your avatars are not showing up . - my page view numbers decreased from let's say 547 to 522 . how is ... ai.tran . 75 why did you change your type to unknown ? lololol . does your enfp friend act insane around you ? : crazy : i like most of them . the only ones i don't like much are snow white , sleeping beauty and cinderella . i don't know why but as a child , i was never attracted to the ... girlier , somewhat passive , ... infj guys are some of the most genuinely kind people i know and i am always attracted to kindness . :) no , because we have a good idea of what it means . xnfps have a high capacity for smiling or acting like loonies around family and friends for fun . i take it with a grain of salt . ;) bwahahaha , they actually got it right with the very first one . last one tho is hilarious . i shall fill the earth with my heart , blood and kindness for everyone ! * dramatic pose * woaaah , mick you look awesome ! : blushed : top load . side loading makes me insecure . :d ry : this is a lie . i really am a unicorn tho . : crazy : '