' my few cents : 1 . we tend to kinda blame ourselves when any kind of relationship goes wrong ( even if its just a love interest that never turns into anything ) . so i'd say if you want to help her , ... hi , many times in life we may end up in situations where everything can seem dark , bleak and without any path out . i've been there myself . the loneliness makes all of the despair seem even worse . ... just talk to him . but keep your boundaries straight , if he really did hurt you he should know this , but also know that you want to forgive him . there is no such thing as an enfj villain ... expressiveness , honesty and humor . 1 . it can be overwhelming , especially if it feels like i'm fighting on multiple fronts ( the people in question not being completely open to me helping them and their problems being difficult ) . i find ... be supportive in whatever way you can . enfjs dont really crash and burn , except when we feel we've lost the support of those around us or feel let down by them . if that doesn't happen and we don't ... as friends , very well . take a step back initially as to avoid being in our range right when we are angry . then as we've cooled off a bit ( few days later ) , approach us with something totally different , while being perhaps a ... hmm i think its different from person to person . some enfj's are extremely good at hiding any sort of emotions from anyone who they don't consider close ( myself included ) . give him a bit of space , then ask him to hang out and just ask him face to face . no pressure , just keep it light and mention how he seems a bit distant and you think there's no reason for it as ... sorry , but i have to disagree with this . in general , we strive for harmony and for those around us to feel good and happy . when they do , we do too . both because we feel like better human beings ... am i the only enfj who deals with a lot of mood swings ? or is this something others can relate to ? i mean i am quite a perfectionist when it comes to anything and i have high expectations for a ... that , or a lot of things which we find to be wrong or unfair piling up ( towards us or other people who we care about ) . in my opinion it usually happens when we get fed up with people . we'll generally avoid conflicts or showdowns , if it means that harmony will be upheld and if we still see the people in question as ... poor cat :( thanks for your post . i'm sorry if youve met some bad enfjs . on a general note i feel i need to point out a few things ( general , as there's always exceptions ): 1 . emotionally unstable ? yes , i ... a few of the reasons as to why i think she's an infp : - i can usually feel people quite well ( hurray for enfj ! ) and she reminds me a lot of a few other girls who actually took the test and are ... great advice , thanks a lot ! so far , the only move i've made has been to add her on facebook ( i don't have anyone else from work on it ) and then i liked her profile photo . sounds silly , but ... yes , you're right i don't know her type for sure . just have a feeling its infp from the way she acts and behaves . anyone have any stories they're willing to share ? ( good stories over bad ones , preferably ) . i have a crush on an infp coworker . there seems to be chemistry between us at times , but i'm usually ... daydreaming seems to work for me . and then , at the same time , remember that life is too short to hesitate or to not go after what you want :) you can't make an enfj omlette without some eggsies ! ( i guess ) that's because we can get you to do whatever w .. hey ! did i mention you look really nice today ? :) i consider the following to be both the toughest , but also the most rewarding part of being an enfj : the constant battle , with its victories and defeats , of trying to push my passion and idealism ... i prefer the discrete look , with a bit of subtle colour variety : i can get rather passionate and outspoken during conversations , but not really emotional ( at least not in a way in which i would show it , while still being able to continue the conversation :) ) . very well said , especially the part with the intensity for people we really like . tell me about it ... i have to beat them away with a stick . but on a serious note , i know what you mean . this enfj flirtiness is so hard to control at times , because i dont even realize i'm doing ... 1 . i wouldnt call it a sacrifice . but we are generally more than willing to go the extra mile for others , without expecting anything in return . and we feel its worth it as long as we can make ... sounds like enfp to me . we enfj's are not that laid back . we are always busy trying to motivate people to join us in saving the world ( or some sort of grand cause ) . no offense , but wouldnt it be easier to take the test ? ( like the rest of us mortals :) ) answer is yes . it's normal for enfj's and its not uncommon that we do stuff like that , even with people that we have no romantic interest in . however , in your case , where there's a romantic interest , ... that video is cringe-worthy ... just stepping into this out of couriosity , how do you know she's enfj if i may ask ? for me , it goes somewhat along the following scale : 1 . controllable negative emotions -> no . no point in showing weakness , or stirring up negative energy if i can avoid it . instead i'll pack it up ... i think we have an introverted side thats always present , even when we're at our most extroverted moments , in the midst of other people . its the side that has us daydreaming , the side where we keep ... i can express them really easily . but i don't usually show my true , inner , personal feelings to others ... unless its someone i trust .  i'd advocate going for the indirect approach . enfjs love meaningful friendships and relationships . just be open and honest and keep touching on deeper topics with him in your conversations . at ... perhaps he acted on something which was a spur of the moment kind of thing ( we routinely get carried away by impulsive emotions ) . then he realized it would be wrong , since he has a girlfriend and ... if you don't mind me asking , why would you want the relationship to be meaningful if you are both moving away in the near future and you see things ending there ? it means taking a step back . out of the river flowing with emotions that we bask in and which tends to overwhelm us at times . exactly because we might feel overwhelmed , or because we need to assess ... yeah seems like it . him giving you his number and actually comign close to you to say goodbye means he probably liked you , more than in just the confusing over-friendly enfj way i'd say . try to ... nice turn of events :) player :P ^ hehe , your story reminded me of a similar one i had , very typical for this kind of naiveness . i was in my early 20s standing on the bus . out of nowhere , this girl standing next to me starts ... think it's a very common enfj thing . happens to me all the time , this naiveness that you mention . feel as if the line between being nice ( and genuinely interested in someone as a person , not ... '