' he's the best explanation i've heard of chess and how it relates to life . 8 time chess champion : my advice for 18 ... just do . a bit too young for most entps to know what they want . if some project sounds interesting , use your enthusiasm to impress the right people to get in on it ( older ... that makes sense about trust . i feel just as much of a responsibility to others close to me as i do myself . but it has to be people i like , or know they actually care . this kinda ties into my ... well ... reminded me of this song , haha how good would you say you are at having good manners , being aware of social etiquette , and obeying social norms ? according to me . i have lately been pulled to refine my ethical and moral stances on many things . its funny because i've been kinda bending over backwards a bit to understand where others are coming from . part of ... this is kinda how i see it . i think the entj wants all the final say . if the entj respected the entp enough , i think they could work out pretty well , though i dunno , i haven't seen an example ... your post count , avatar , and thread content are making my spider senses tingle . sometimes i get called a hipster . i basically use the term alll the time . half the world can be classified as hipsters now . there's basically hipsters and non hipsters . and if you proceed to tell ... dude i totally feel ya on this one . the idea of missing out on something is a huge demotivator for me . even knowing that something better is going on while i'm working is bad enough . funny though , ... how long have you bee doing this for ? i've really like this idea and wanna try this out , but haven't gotten into a rhythm with it yet . at the risk of sounding obvious , do you need to be around people to get work done ? i've been working on quite a few projects by myself , and sometimes i have almost no energy / motivation to get ... it's funny the more i look into the first and fourth functions of each type , they're in such a love / hate battle with each other . si gets too caught up with stuff when in a bad mood . sometimes ne ... who am i to define fun ? ? ! this is the best breakdown i've seen in ages . purpose ? order ? structure ? is this some kind of entp intervention ? thanks brother , that was a helpful breakdown . yeah it seems like having a few js in the mix is good , but having too many leads to rigidity . the team that i want to be building would be in a ... lol yeah , i guess i was asking , as an entp , which types would you prefer to lead ? is there any specific types that would be better than others ? i could see working best with leading a team of ... another random thought , what mbti types do you seem to be able to lead / manage best ? my theory is that the plane was full of people that wanted to disappear and live off the grid . now they're on an undiscovered island partying it up and no one knows . i didn't read many posts in here , but most entps i know are not anything close to sociopathic . i think entps sometime glamorize the idea of it , and wish they were able to shut their feelings off ... i want to bring this thread back :P so i'm trying to figure out our entp strengths in leadership . i feel like i can inspire people to take action . i think that's a mix of ne optimism and fe ... is she esfj ? i have my own ideas ( i'll share them in a bit ) . how you would go about it ? this kinda stuck out to me . does she feel unsafe when you are asleep ? is she doing something to act startled in the middle of the night ? has she ever woken you up mid sleep in a panic because of ... i honestly am confident i can overcome any addiction . anything that could be able to be considered an addiction i have been able to consciously quit when i've decided i wanted to . on the flip ... i feel like trolling is a very broad term . my favorite form of trolling is to do something that challenges peoples current beliefs . it's almost a satire of their views , in order to cause ... most people can't keep up with what i say , but i'm surrounded by sjs and sps . in some ways its annoying , other ways it trial and error to see what works / gets a reaction for them . i have a ... yes . its a proven fact . see : internet . i think rachel is estp frank : esfj ( he is the definition of fe gone wrong . same functions as a entp , which can be confusing some here . ) claire : intj ( she is constantly battling with her strategic decisions and fi . ) ... i agree ti is useful for solving their te objections . however , don't use your ne / ti to bring up and solve possible problems their mind didn't even consider . it just gives them more doubt and makes ... curb is hilarious . larry david is a genius . i come here to check out threads , but there's hardly any on the first page worth clicking on ... we have : bowling , a no fap challenge , and someone trying to squeeze poll information out of us . ... just tease her a bit . see how she reacts . if you don't straight up tell her , you can't be denied :P 14 ... uhh .. that's about as much advice as i can give at that age . i think i was busy playing ... ehh . too late . i think the point is to not listen / give to much credit to people rejecting the ideas . they think they know what they mean , but deep down they are pretty fucking clueless . kinda goes to my point ... could it be a fear of success that is causing this almost self sabotage ? could it be that the people you surround yourself with don't want to see you succeed because they want you to be the same ... lol , well i mean one coin jumped up 1000 % over the last 4 days ... unfortunately i missed out :/ this is coming soon . but first , rfid chips . forget thank gap , let's talk about thigh gap . it's all an illusion ! wake up sheeple ! ! ! 2 ! also , this may or may not be relevant to anything in here , but : silky . silky smooth ;) i own some bitcoin quite a few million dogecoin ;) and a handful of other random coins for speculation . i'm not just being sensational when i say , cryptocurrency is gonna be the most ... entp descriptions can sometimes gloss over this , but entps need to be in a stimulating environment ! extraverted intuition thinks of possibilities and whatnot , but in a much different way than ni ... this is why i'm all in on dogecoin . true , i suppose you can even go more deeper and holistic with it . i guess it depends on how detached you want your ne to be . realistically , after you have 3 parties with the gates of hell and ... i feel like an apple is not the best example . apples aren't something i give much thought to . ( now , if i was an apple farmer or a chef , that's a whole different story ) ne is attracted to ... please watch this ne-dom heavy vid : '