' yeah all of those things make sense ! my mom's jealousy stems from me living 2 hours closer to my in-laws . however , they're leaving the country for a couple years , so i'm curious how it will affect ... yeah my mom has really been sucking up to me the past few years ! my dad and i used to be besties until i moved away from home , which allowed me to see his flaws ... and it's as if she's trying to ... jeals . my mom & i both secretly wish we were best friends but it's hard . i think she's a 1w2 ... unhealthy ;) yeah this is very much my mother & i ... except i'm 29 and married , but she's learning to accept that i'll never move back to my hometown . i'm curious if any other infps have an isfj mother that ... this . absolutely , yes that's me ! people make fun of me for all the stupid little details i remember . it's never anything important : it's things someone said to me when i was five or the shirt someone was wearing at some random ... i've noticed a lot of the music i like comes from sweden & canada . they are definitely more infp than usa . i related to all except rebel / scapegoat . although i was always bringing rebels home from school because they felt safe in my home ... it was very non-judgemental . dammit , why do these birth order things always exclude only children ? this . ermagerd , this makes so much sense considering my parents . my intp dad is very much absent in that he lives in his mind ... he has no clue what people around him are discussing or feeling . and my ... i always test as infp . i guess if i had to consider myself to be another type , it would be ( 1 ) enfp or ( 2 ) infj . certain situations can draw the qualities out of me . yeah , there's no way i'm not ... i can't think of any current examples , but as a kid i was very manipulative of my parents ! if i didn't get my way they would get a guess you don't love me cry & cave in . interesting ... because i work in an art history department & my mom's a respiratory therapist ! ( she once had to cover for nurses who were on strike because of ' low ' wages but they make more than her ) is it lame i see myself as a stay at home mom in the suburbs ? 19 year old me ( 10 years ago ) is cringing . but i see that as much more rewarding than being in an office . once the kids are off to ... my parents met / still work in the medical field . they hate it and told me not to go into it for political reasons . they would be happy for me in any career as long as i'm happy . i have extended ... 90884 daydreamer as much as i love music , i never got a grasp on any instruments . i'm involved with fine arts for a living . i'm great with any subtractive mediums ( photography , or covering a page with charcoal & ... absolutely . i spent most of my time with my dad so it makes sense that i easily clicked with guys & have had to learn how to relate to anyone in a feminine way . i gave up on planning where i would be in a month / year / etc because you just don't know what life's going to throw your way : it's usually better than what i had in mind , anyway ! as long as you stick ... yep same here ! yes this is much more like me ! i'm not averse to tattoos in general ; but i don't know that i'll ever get one . i had a group of four female friends in early childhood : we all split into different interests / categories once we started middle school . then i had a group of six female friends through middle / early ... okay , after the long holiday break ... i take back what i said , lol . i now realize my situation is a lot more like this ... i commute so much and have all that thinking time , that of course i ... am i the only one that doesn't relate ? i mostly make sure i'm covered up and have my hair brushed , haha . i struggle with maintaining social activities because i've moved around so much in the past 10 years . in bigger cities i was very much enjoying book clubs ( through meetup ): however i'm in a pickle ... true ... i was mostly trying to relate to username 123 ' s story . separating isfp & infp self-described artists . it depends on whether you're trying to depict beauty just as you saw it , or if you're adding / interpreting the meaning . i'm the female version of this description . i smile and give polite responses so there's no reason to outright not like me : but i'm introverted so i'm not going around screaming my interests / beliefs ... wow this is well-said . i was entertaining the idea that i might be an extravert based off those glorious one-topic-that-i-really-care-about convos . but in general , if there are multiple ... i'm 29 and my husband is 28 : i get carded every time & he does not . i met one of his relatives for the first time , and then he pulled my husband aside and asked how it was legal to marry me ! i ... yes : i tend to surround myself with very smart , well-read / spoken individuals , so it's easy to feel like i'm not keeping up ( plus i work in an academic environment but i haven't taken classes in ... you've basically just described my photo history thesis in which i state the conditions under which photography should be considered an art rather than a science ( through means of abstraction or ... exact same for me ! the money issue , and there really isn't a subject that i really feel i need to get . my favorite artist from high school and beyond is now doing tattoos , and i kinda wanna get ... i much less fashion-savvy than most infps , i've noticed . i think i'm just busy day-dreaming about other things . i buy clothes that will not start awkward small talk - just blend in . i must be the only no . is it because i'm an only child and cannot get enough attention ? : laughing : i married a cancer because i love being smothered / re-assured . i do need my couple hours ... these all apply to my spouse , except he grew up with a lot of extraverts so he does have really good social skills ( doesn't hardly talk at home where he feels comfortable with me ) . stubborn as a ... la dispute & pop evil ... i used to live in the city they're both from , funny to see them pop up here ! ! gotta love early bright eyes . i've been on a cassadaga kick the past couple weeks , though ! dude ! ! long live ska . did you know mustard plug have a new album coming soon ? : cool : sorry i'm so obsessed with them , guys . i've had two of those moments . one was a boy in high school . we had a fire drill and there he was standing next to a friend of mine ( he was new to the school ) . i couldn't stop thinking about ... i can relate to being dutiful ( in public ) & an open book ( you know , if someone else starts the convo ... lol ) . a lot of my friends are gemini sun w / leo asc : you're a fun type ! i think this is more an issue of us both liking to take our time with things ( mom had no issue with us re-painting the foyer ) ... not to mention we just bought a house so we don't have any extra money ... the only art i find offensive : ( 1 ) kitsch [ unless it's meta-kitsch ] ( 2 ) when a family member of someone prominent gets their own gallery show and it's clearly just a hobby for them that's ... i think regina seems ne too . theatrical ! and this ! ! except i hate texting . i'm old-fashioned and like to talk on the phone : laughing : these three are huge for me . i would add having ( at least ) one major passion to pour your energy into , and just getting outside for some fresh air . my strategy is very much keep busy . i ... wow this is refreshing ! ! i can't tell you how many guys i thought were my friend ... only to have them blow-up months later that they're not talking to me any more because i put them in the ... '