' interesting . this is a little off topic and i apologize . i relate to your nightmares issue , but have been taking melatonin fairly regularly for 2 or 3 years now . i actually find that i don't dream as ... we have had workshops at my school in regards to stereotypes with southern accents and how that effects students within a classroom setting , hehe . ah ! may i ask how old your cousin is ? / if you don't mind me asking , how large is the age difference between you both ? that aura of happiness makes it sound like he looks up to you / idealizes you ... this could be a lot of things . when i was younger i was more shy but a lot more feisty with my opinions and views . now , i am more reserved in general with views and opinions , but i am not shy . i ... did a thread that you received a lot of thanks from get moved to spam world ? correct me if i'm wrong , but i think that could be a possibility . otherwise , best of luck with your inquiry ! l ( death note ) : th_love : er .. i've never been asked that haha . at the moment , it is not for sale . if i decide to sell it in the future , would you like me to contact you ? well , for years i made my dad's mother's secret recipe for dope deviled eggs . this year i switched it up and made my first pie . i made two raspberry pies for some distant relatives that live near ... recently started to play around with oil paints . still have a long way to go , but i really enjoy them over acrylic ( not a big fan of watercolors to start with * shrug * ) . ... i'll own my decisions and i believe i've made the right ones in the choice of my best interest . i will admit it sucked returning to a place where i feel i need to be at the time being to grow and ... when i ate meat -> french onion soup , no questions . i tend to get inappropriately excited when finding a restaurant has french onion soup without beef broth . recently -> broccoli cheddar soup is ... work , class , work , class , get coffee ready , drink a bottle of wine by myself , sleep , yoga , work , class , work . blah blah blah . i have never had my life quite so together organizationally with school , ... since arriving back at college , i dislike human interaction just as much , perhaps even more , i have a lower tolerance for social bullshit , and in general feel depressed about the world . i worry about ... i have had barely any time to go on percs since i've been back in school . but honestly , i barely even want to go on half the time now because of all these fucking gender-hating threads . it's a ... i am not sure what it is , i've never exactly seen a doctor about it mostly because the pain usually goes away relatively quickly . i hope it's not that though ! ! wrist started acting up on friday morning upon awakening . hurt my wrists years ago through sports and they act up once in a bit , usually through repetitive complex motions or overusing them . i don't ... not saying that you should ! do you care that people might judge you if you were to claim to be infj and they thought you were something different ? i apologize if you had been looking for more ... i agree that would help a lot . a lot of what op has written i feel like i could say myself , like i feel like i can relate to your thought pattern in this post or see it or something . you could be an infj from what you have ... ditto ! i saw them live at the orange peel in nc last fall and caught the tail end of their show in nh this summer . their energy on stage is killer ! ! happy to meet a fellow lover of the devil makes ... just found out i actually did get the ( medical ) single room i applied at school for this fall . what a super duper pleasant surprise ! me too . i've seen the saw movies and 13 ghosts a million times years ago , but funny games and the devil's rejects are ones i watched a time or two about 2 or 3 years ago , so are a bit more recent for ... over the last 2 weeks or so i've watched saw : i , iv , v , vi , the final chapter , th13rteen ghosts ( or however the title is spelt ) , funny games , and the devil's rejects . : coldneko : very much this : 3 why am i still awake and what is this unending pain in my left wrist ( well i've had some wrist problems since i ... * last one tonight i promise xd *  yeah i had never heard it before . then again i don't often involve myself in too many matters via the internet . i can see how the term might have developed and how it could be used , but it's just ... one of urban dictionary's definition of sjw , albeit the last probably because it rubbed some people the wrong way ( i had to look it up ): humans are funny , clever creatures .  maybe i am the crazy one , but i don't tend to promote my values all too often , let alone resort to arguing to strangers on the internet . but how the hell can so many people get away with blatant ...  welcome to our humble abode :) p . s . i love grapefruit and mangoes <3 ( though i can live without dates :p ) can't they ? half a bagel , half an avocado sliced with pepper and lemon juice , and cubed pineapple . hahaha . i was more so referring to when someone creates a thread that's along the lines of , do we do this ? type of thing . i think it would make more sense to phrase the question as , is this ... wondering if my slow but steadiness towards becoming a robot will maybe tug the right threads in . cafebot's heart so as to bless me with the delight of recognition . * embarrassed sigh * i didn't realize until now how common it is for threads to use we when inquiring about a subject . i think it's kind of weird since there technically is only individuals who can represent themselves ... * hug * happy birthday , charaught . : kitteh : it took me a long time to realize that i often fall in love with love or am simply infatuated with a person . it's hard to break out of that , because as i've tried to change my ways , i am left ... in hindsight , younger me used romance as an escape from myself . i had and have a lot of growing to do . i try to have romance be the cherry on top of my life , but i tend to , as i do with many things ... maybe , maybe not . i have a bumper sticker on my car from a local sandwich shop in my hometown that reads , eat something , you'll feel better ! with a pretty betty boop-esque cartoon . basically , i put ... * big big hug * <3 some of the best advice i've been given by my goofy lumberjack-esque friend when he found me crying late at night was , life can get really weird . but you've got to embrace the weirdness ! it really ... for some reason i always associated melancholy as the mutant feeling of happiness , nostalgia , and sadness . i do enjoy your opinion on ni , antipode , too . mistakenly reading a title on netflix before reading the description can be very misleading . satan's island summer sounded strange to begin with . oh , yes ! fill the churches with dirty thoughts ! introduce honesty to the white house ! write letters in dead languages to people you've never met ! paint filthy words ... '