' my best friend is an infp himself , and it is ... definitely an interesting experience , being two completely different types . as you had mentioned your relationship to appear a little more superficial ... my stepfather is an estj . what drives me crazy is whenever he forces his te on me ( i have a lot of issues with people who are overbearing with this function ... ) . i also don't like just how ... god , don't even get me started on it , when people try making me apologize and get all pissy that it doesn't sound genuine or emotional . of course it's not going to be , you're forcing me to do so ... it is difficult for me to continue maintaining a close relationship with people who have the sorts of personality traits that are uninteresting ... in fact , with friends like this , i don't allow ... i think i can relate , feeling better after finding out your type . it helps to make a lot of sense , particularly things like why i am such an adrenaline junkie , why i have always had trouble ... i'm fucking crying . oh jesus christ don't tell me he's actually being serious . i think my night has been made . : crazy : can't tell if troll or serious . and it still remains a mystery why so many people are offended by and don't like estps . :d ry : that was exactly it ! it was so exciting - they were showing how larger vehicles with more weight take a considerable amount of time to come to a complete stop , and the sound of the wheels screeching ... where do i even start ? help me to get out of my shell . however , don't invade on my privacy or space . aren't intrusive . don't feel judged in their company . make me comfortable being myself . ( in ... that sounds perfect . currently , i am taking driver's ed to get my permit ( late bloomer , i know - we haven't had a car to start driving until recently though ) . and today in class , we were watching ... if i am not out on an adventure with a friend or two , the only other alternative is to relax at home . this usually consists of practicing / playing my electric , watching the weird movies that no ... nothing gets me more hot and bothered than an entp ... they've always been the focus of my fascination . : blushed : luckily for you , you are of the infj persuasion . how is this lucky , you ask ? many ... it's not as developed as i'd like it to be . i understand that it's important for others to connect through emotions , and that people really need someone to be there for them . i do my best to be there ... what is the reasoning behind labeling us ? especially since most of the members of the istp persuasion here are no longer attending high school , and even more so , didn't feel the need to organize ... while i am still looking at and considering the types , i am inclined to believe that i am an intp due to statements such as these : enthusiastic and impartial when it comes to solving problems ... oh god no . i would get us all killed . ( or would we all end up killing ourselves ? ) there is a reason my friends don't listen to me when it comes to suggestions for activities . what do you have with you ? what did you bring ? while there must have been a reason for taking off the way you did , i am not in the position to tell you if what you did is right or wrong . and for ... maybe instead of asking for how entps feel when they are hurt or what they do about it , you should ask for help in figuring out how to make ammends with your entp and become friends again ? it just ... oh , thank you so much for the analysis ! i thought that i might have been an estp at one point , but it's easy for me to doubt myself quite a bit ... may i ask for a more detailed response , like you ... yes , that's it , that's it ! he is always telling me about his ideas and thoughts , things that he wants to make plans of , or what he wants to do but isn't sure of yet . like he needs the encouragement , ... the self-conscious bit really struck me . looking back on it , he is always telling me to not judge him after he does or says something that may be a little weird , concerning social expectations and ... while i am trying to not drop the l-bomb , i have been smitten with him for several years ... there is definitely sexual attraction and lust there , but the last thing i want with him is a fling or ... oh wow , that was quite a while ago ! being typed as an isfj really threw me off ( couldn't relate to the functions all that much ) , but the individual who suggested it helped me to pinpoint my ... hahaha , oh don't worry about me . this i'd exactly why i love thinkers so much . sassy and amusing , the way you all argue and use your logic . i am well entertained . : happy : we are both eighteen-years-old . may i ask why you have doubts that he is an entp ? for the longest time , i thought that he must have been an estp because of how physical he tends to be , but after ... the friends that we share really aren't of any help . i don't like to let anyone know about my feelings for him , and everyone is always teasing us , thinking that we are seeing each other . i wouldn't ... well i suppose that may help , haha . my apologies . i am still uncertain about what my personality type may be . i know that i am a sensor ( the se function is most recognizable to me ) , and i am an ... basically , i am head-over-heels for my best friend , who happens to be of the entp persuasion . problem is though , i have reason to believe that i am doomed to forever be just a friend to him . how ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... ah , gotcha . i don't think being anonymous would really help solve anything though ... but thank you for your input . enneagram 6 is a bitch . why should i care in the first place what anyone thinks of me ? i can't create another account , or else i will be banned , for one thing . and i shouldn't be bothered with the thoughts others might have ... perhaps i may be an introvert , because even though i genuinely enjoy the company of others and meeting / talking to people , i often find myself feeling rather exhausted by the end of the day . however , ... this is my second attempt to figure out just what type i may be . when asking this before , the results i was given were isfj and and infj , both which recieved the reaction of huh ! ? anyway . if ... i think you already know what it means . oh yeah , especially if you have used your dominant function way too often , it can really drain you out - it really is healthy to focus more on your other functions ! mmm , i don't think this is so ... while i think it is rather admirable that you want to expand more on your shadow function , to develop and use it more often , i think the process of trying to do so will definitely take a toll on you , ... i'm really not one to dwell so much as i like actually being out there , doing something . i can see where it is healthy to reflect , and i definitely value personal morals , both my own and those of ... oh , my expressions are very easy to read , and i am pretty outspoken when it comes to how i feel about something . i am rather infamous for being blunt and wearing my heart on my shoulder , never subtle ... i like my privacy , but i don't like being by myself for long . i am used to being in school , but now that it's out , i spend a lot of my time either making plans with my friends or finding ways of ... ugh , i feel a little frustrated about my personality type , because i can't tell if i'm introverted or extraverted . what are the noticeable differences between the two types ? what would the girl next door description entail ? still in high school , i am not that popular of a person , but a lot of people know me and generally like me . i have noticed that i have this ... - people who loudly chew or smack their food or are always breathing heavily . - people going through my personal belongings without asking . - people that start a conversation with me , only to ... being a living thing , our basic purposes are to survive and reproduce ( which , in itself , is a form of survival ) . that is the very first answer that came to mind , for what humans are meant to do with ... for some odd reason , every time i find myself in a kitchen , i'll start walking in circles . i mean , like non-stop . i will just suddenly find myself deep in thought , and start walking around , over and ... that's definitely how it feels to me , interacting with him . and this isn't the first time that he's shown interest like this either - over the past several years of knowing him , there'll be points ... most attracted to sp types . i like people who are especially spontaneous and laid-back . doesn't matter if they're introverted or extroverted , as long as they know how to have a good time ; always ... when it comes down to it , i don't even think it has to do with what the estp really is like himself , but more so , the attitudes of the people around him . maybe that doesn't make much sense , but ... ... video ? nah , too shy for that ! : blushed : ( and here i am , dreaming of becoming an actress , oh gosh ! ) hi ! nice to have you around ! are you sure that you don't know of many isfps in real-life ? ... but no , i don't think you understand : i haven't actually changed the dead lightbulb in my bedroom for over six months . ( thankfully , i have little white christmas lights up so it's never too dark to ... '