' when you're more likely to express irritability than happiness . try re-asking that as would a person get back together with an ex ? . the answer is still maybe , but you're a bit closer to the truth . you put all your cigarettes out on your own body . i did the survey . are you going to be posting your findings ? extraverts use energy and introverts conserve energy . one manifestation of that is extroverts being fidgetty or physically antsy . nay , scores of them . i don't really care . you just gotta tell her to sit on your finger , man . girls love that . i'd make a thread on a typology forum to field suggestions . that's not spontaneity . the ones that have developed se are . fuck , got me . oh gawd . another intj with a wolf avatar . i don't really take anyone's typings on here seriously . they probably clench their jaws and get fidgetty until they've found something to distract themselves from being in work-mode . shit . didn't see one on the member list last time i checked . they get good air when fired from a cannon . they are certainly better at pushing buttons and manipulating people . comes with their territory . god bless america , land of the free . calm down , spock . learn to recognize that sometimes people do things without a logical reason . you don't need to justify your choices to anyone beyond a simple i felt like doing it , which is ... op , go read about socionics . specifically intertype relations . i don't think any type is more rare than another . i've never found intuitive and introvert types to be rare . a few things : non-consensual video and audio recordings are not admissible as evidence in a court of law . people can record you . they're probably not . people are quite socially awkward these ... i've told girls with shitty boyfriends to leave them , but not with any intention of actually dating said girls . just not worth the hassle . relationships can be tumultuous as it is , no use putting ... the delicious salt . edit : doubla post . how does it feel to be so wrongu 200b about something ? to take a grossly simplistic approach , i think the fact that you were given a huge table with points outlining strengths and weaknesses , doubts and so on of each type and read it and yet still asked ... am i able to have mine shortened to narc ? fries with no salt . socionics :: logic / ethics do you think there's a connection between feeling preference in males and gender conflict / displacement ? i knew everyone , but didn't really like them . all my report cards said i was quiet , needed to pay more attention and that i showed great potential . year after year . strong fly spray . what he said . you are not a super cool unique individual just because you gave fence-sitting answers to an uncertified online test . these are the droids you're looking for . wait until your kid is in their 20s before you try typing them . no , it's particularly vivid and abstract . i'm very much a visually-orientated person . working towards getting a prestigious job with clout and rank as dictated by society so i can position myself in a way that minimises my dealings with fickle workers and exposure to their ... the socionics descriptions of entjs are closer to the mark of someone that uses te and ni . i don't judge people on their type at all . i don't feel the need , especially given the massive margin of error in typing . ironically , it was an intp in his late 30s that gave me the most important advice i've ever adopted in life : just do it . just get it done . typing based on weaknesses instead of strengths . there's no enneagram type that people should be particularly proud of holding , so in theory , it stops people typologically licking their own asses ... do you prefer those long dumps , or the ones after a big night of drinking where the entire bowel empties in the space of half a second ? just keep on staring right back . holy shit . there's no need to get all count of monte cristo on stuff like this . just create a situation where you can talk to her and there's enough opportunity that you don't psyche yourself out ... with thermal goggles . if they like you , they'll either ask you out or cross paths with you and clumsily keep tabs on you in the hopes that one of you will spark up a conversation . '