' are you guys actually all intjs ? :D everyone is always like oh i'd stick up for them and stuff , but i never felt like people stuck up for me much . most people are just self righteous hypocrites . can that really be separated from our society though ? i think capitalism encourages people to think of others as being resources , we have have terms like human resources and human capital that ... punishment might be necessary in some cases to prevent someone from harming again , but i think violent people generally suffer from mental illness , or are just reflecting the cruelty of the society ... it seems like most people would take pleasure in say , their bully or abuser being brutally murdered or something , based upon what i read / hear in real life and on the internet . probably about 80 to 95 ... i'm the opposite actually ( infp here ) . i like older kids but babies literally get on my nerves with their crying and loudness . i don't have anything against them personally , but i'm physically ... do you think it's fair to say that isfjs have personality characteristics that are stereotypically maternal ? they seem like the momma bears of humanity , like being nurturing and caring as a rule ... actually , my refusal to fight back has saved my ass a lot of times . i'm pretty sure if i tried to fight back my mugger he would have stabbed or beat the crap out of me . i'd rather just lose the $ 60 . even though bc is beautiful , i found the people in ontario were a lot more down to earth and not as unfriendly . and i was in toronto mostly too ! exactly ! it's so annoying . lots of very smug people in that city . well just little things like , um . for one thing it's taboo in portland to ask classmates or coworkers out on dates . i added a coworker to my facebook and she accepted , but then she unfriended me just ... maybe i should move to europe then . or would quebec do ? i've heard it's the most free-spirited part of north america , and the easiest province in canada to immigrate to , if you can speak francais . yeah , i always thought i was unhappy because of a bad attitude of my own but really overhyped cities like portland and austin do kick your ass . i think people who live there just get defensive ... that's another thing i disliked about portland . it feels like a crowded small town ! one of the things portland bills itself as is a big city with a small town feel . i actually think it's the ... would you generally agree that portland is not nearly as hippie / left wing as people think ? i think there is certainly that contingent there in relatively small numbers , but i've always thought it was ... no , i hear you ! i think portland is definitely more of an istj city . it's more libertarian than progressive for sure and the standard of living imo is actually lower than most places in the us . i think intps are more similar to us than infjs are . i lived in portland and loved it the first year or two but rather i realized the city's true colors i grew to hate living there . it's ridiculously expensive , the housing quality sucks , and the ... i agree with this completely , except i think your description of vancouver and seattle describes portland to a tee as well ! definitely more infj or intj than infp . people in the pacific northwest are ... well that's what she tested as , and she does have some of the features for sure . generally i find intjs lean towards being overly smug smartasses but my best female friend is an intj and she's a lot more sensitive than most of them . i think she may even have some infp / infj ... i think booze is fine in moderation . i don't think it's as harmful to your body as soda or over-eating unless you are literally a drunk . good point ! i actually think the west coast might have a higher proportion of infps than many other places , but paradoxically it's also one of the hardest places to be an infp ! i don't think the west coast is a good place for an infp . very image and money centric , and people here i find generally aren't sympathetic towards depressed people at all . not that all infps are ... i think the college kids who move to portland don't represent the city itself . most of them aren't even from the city . the old guard in portland , which you will have to deal with when you live ... in a way yeah . i find a heartless libertarian more dislikable than a repentant violent criminal . it's easier for me to hate ron paul than mike tyson . i think the west coast , and increasingly the entire western part of the us is essentially a banana republic for the it and medical industries and functions like a giant resort . you have the ... i often hear about san francisco , seattle , portland etc being good cities for infps but i disagree . there's a few reasons why . for one the west coast is all about false positivity . express any ... i also feel that while vegetarianism is a noble choice , we evolved as omnivores and there's nothing wrong with us following that nature . some people actually need the nutrition in meat that you can't ... it seems like we infps have a tendency to love animals more than people . i've also noticed this with people who have asperger syndrome which i also have . i did a poll on wrongplanet and the vast ... i know my type infp has a reputation for kind of being wusses and my best friend who's a girl is an intj . we're actually pretty similar in a lot of ways but i know she has a lot less tolerance for bs ... do you think intjs are really intolerant of lazy and immoral people and tend towards conservatism or sjw-ism ? would you say they are unforgiving and ruthless as a type and lean towards ... i think the main problem with like the american justice system isn't even so much that it's harsh , but more that it doesn't offer an opportunity for redemption and reconciliation back into society . i ... i think the isfj / esfj types can be vengeful in a momma bear kind of way too , but forgiving towards harm done to themselves . i think they are compassionate and forgiving to their loved ones but tend ... i find it interesting how intjs tend to be pretty vengeful . though being rational people , they aren't insanely bloodthirsty like some other types can be . like my best female friend is an intj and ... oh god , yeah , the hatred towards sex offenders is insane . obviously things like rape and molestation are very serious , but some people act like it's worse than genocide or something . i've even heard ... i agree with you completely . one of the few things that makes me see red is when someone thinks they are better than me , like they won't even talk to me if i ask or say something to them , or they ... it's always seemed a bit cruel to me to hate psychopaths and sociopaths , when it's not their fault they aren't able to empathize normally . it's the same kind of mentality that would support the death ... i'm an infp but i've tested for intp once . i think dreamers and thinkers are two sides of the same coin and both actually describe me pretty well , but i find intps can be a little bit too ... i only support punishment if a person needs to be confined for the protection of others , or it's just a fine or something like that . i don't agree with punishing people merely because they deserve ... i even felt offended when people were jeering when bin laden died , that's how infp i am . yeah people think i'm a weirdo because i even feel sorry for murderers and rapists when they suffer . i'm an infp and i can't just turn off empathy or be ok with someone being tortured just because ... what personality types do you think are forgivers and which are avengers ? forgiver meaning they tend to let things go , feel sympathy even for their enemies , don't agree philosophically with the ... i don't really get this whole children are infinitely more important than adults meme that's so popular today . i just see children as being young humans . i don't put them on a pedestal . the thing is i relate to both intp and infp pretty well . i'm very skeptical and scientific but i'm also a romantic idealist , i don't see these traits as being exclusive . yes . i'm pretty empathetic , but being an aspie i'm horrible at putting myself in others ' shoes , and sometimes i overthink things so much it makes me cynical and not really care about anything at all ... i actually test as infp pretty often . i'm a true hybrid , even though a lot of people insist intps and infps are completely opposite . i'm an intp but very close to an infp . i usually test on the borderline . i think as a child / teen when i was really into feminism and animal rights i definitely would have been infp , but i've become a ... '