' are any of you guys into vanitas art ? i've been getting into it recently and don't really know where to turn regarding this kind of stuff , so i'm looking for any good sources or information anyone ... i need this song tattooed on my soul .  i'm usually quick to respond , unless i'm legitimately busy , or i need to think about the reply . waiting for a reply on the other hand , definitely freaks me out if it takes too long . i've never been ... i've known two or three infps that were close enough for me to consider friends . if there was any trait they all shared that i'd consider a signature strength , it would be their superhuman ability to ... without a doubt , skum . as silly as it sounds now , it took me the better part of two weeks to work up the balls to join this forum 2 years ago . when i did , i only thought of it as just another ... from an intp standpoint , ti and ne in my daily life usually cause this ... ... followed by ... ... physically cold , a little hungry , and nervous / anxious for no reason . nice ! i think they might have , but i'm not sure . they were in the show once or twice , in a garage i believe .  ? if you guys were the worst , i wouldn't be hanging out in your forum as much as i do . you guys are awesome and i want to make tea for all of you , give you all hugs , and then sit around lazily with ... i'll play . i'm an intp though , but close enough right ? : wink : yeah , i'll be losing power for sure , probably for a few days if the forecast is right . what will i do ? break out the oil lamps and ... thanks . it's tough for me to pinpoint or define my own tastes at times , so i'm glad to get some feedback on it . i think it has a very si-nf type of feel to it , and i really like that ... how about a video ? i can't tell if this is more towards the nt side of imagery or not , but it feels right here . it's a few clips from a swedish ... the amount of bizarre / detailed coincidences in the replies popping up all over this site lately , concerning almost every area of my life , is getting scary . i just wanted to get that out there . on ... sorry if i came across the wrong way . i wasn't adhering / replying strictly to the original thread topic , just some of the various replies in it . also , it wasn't directed towards anyone dealing with ... i'd like to thank everyone that said they give people second or even third chances if someone's made a mistake or wronged them . based on all the replies , it seems like it's not always an easy thing ... not an infp , but my god , yes i do . it's bad enough that it causes problems for me sometimes , and gives me the feeling that even my close friends / family don't even really know me . there isn't really ... while there are extreme circumstances that would call for it , i've never dropped a friend like a hot potato , nor have any of my close friends . in fact , those friends of mine wouldn't be close if we ... ran into this quote today , and thought it would fit well here ... x93i am a happy camper so i guess ix92m doing something right . happiness is like a butterfly ; the more you chase it , the more it ... i say definitely try to stick it out . having a degree shows potential future employers that you have the diligence and perseverence to work for them , even if the job you want has nothing to do with ... fate put this thread here , at this time , with this content , on this website , just for me . i'm sure of it .  i didn't read most of the responses in this thread after the first few pages for my own good . considering what happened , and that nothing is going to bring this girl back , i don't see how blaming her ... ^ agreed : happy : . thanks for all the replies ! i remember one time as a kid , my dad decided to dress up when we went trick or treating . he had this gorilla costume that was a full head coverage ... i'm an oddball . most of my interests and skills are and always have been istp in nature , but i'm definitely an n . i so want and need to develop my s side more , since i tend to feel totally left out ... ok , i'm intp , but i'm putting this here because halloween always makes me feel so much more infp-ish . sorry if there's another thread like this already , but i'm too lazy / busy to look . halloween is ... i'm thinking anytime between the 1860 ' s - 1960 ' s . maybe it's all just in my head , but damn . look at this ... ... i'm so halfway there ... man , i should just stop posting . the real me would . i'm an nt , with sp parents . growing up , i basically got the opposite . i always got endless support in pretty much everything i did , which isn't always as great as it sounds in the case of a young ... not really into rap , but every now and then i'll hear something i like ... 48250 48252 48253 48254 48255 i think infp's are pretty awesome personally . the few that i've known personally have all been amazingly insightful about the things that they consider important , and they all made really great ... that's a really good point . i never had the chance to see any of shakespeare's works in a play . i suppose it's similar to watching a poe story in movie form . it pretty much loses everything since it ... poe . only writer i've ever read that practically makes me speed read . shakespeare never even came close to getting me to feel the same level of disturbing emotion that poe invokes in me . his stories ... my favorite silent film is the 1920 version of jekyll & hyde with john barrymore . my god can i relate to it . you're gonna die searching for your damn fortune and glory ! , maybe , but not today . man , i came in here to tell you guys about a random trucker in the bathroom at work , who was wearing a big straw hat , shorts , and had his socks pulled up past his calves , who for some reason felt ... people who signal as they're making the turn , both literally and figuratively . i'm 90 % sure my bosses / instructor think i'm an idiot . when i try to explain to them how i learn , and why i think / do things the way i do , i get the feeling they're just being cynical / judgemental and ... i wish that , growing up , someone would have explained to me that individuality can be taken too far . i'm starting to think that it's caused more problems for me than it's ever solved . i can't relate ... any question that starts with , why do you ... i can't stand when people ask for proof , facts , and where are you getting your information , in a debate . all it says to me is , uh oh , someone's getting close to making a point i don't want to ... generation y is the beginning of the end , and i'm disgusted to be part of it . if even half of the opinions i've read around here and elsewhere represent the majority , we're screwed . some things now ... mid 90 ' s emo . no comparison to today's definition of the title . '