' i will pray for your soul , you heathen you're making god cry perv why the myers-briggs test is totally meaningless - vox boba makes me happy i agree , alfeim wasn't that great . ggo was pretty cool though . not as good as sao , but i was satisfied . sent from my iphone using tapatalk probably not . sent from my iphone using tapatalk sent from my ipad using tapatalk why ? but i haven't gotten anything out of it yet . i want to at least learn something . don't mind him . he's trolling you . and me . stop it dudeguy :d ry : i don't think i qualify as a puppet . if you're implying she coerced me to put up this thread , you're mistaken . i was curious and i wanted to do a social experiment . what genre are these songs ? ... nothing happened . i am in the mood for a bit of a social experiment . although , this thread that clearly derailed from its original purpose . i'm not an estp , so what's your point ? i did appreciate the song though . what indicates my avatar to be demonic ? is it logical to generalize an entire type like that ? ... if it's you , i would : kitteh : why not ? quite possibly . i just saw that white text . sneaky devil . i have a no kids allowed policy , sorry . i'm pseudo serious . i'm an intp female , 23 years-old , not bad looking ( hopefully ) , educated , etc . i am 5 ' 7 . i'm not a doll , mostly a stack of paradoxes . i want to meet an intp ... i think the music scene reflects the cultural trends . outside the u . s . , it isn't all about sex , drugs , etc  ... i wonder if fate really exists ...  this shit is hilarious ! the types with huge essay assignments entp : adds the final touches within five minutes of handing it in ( started the first draft approximately 10 minutes before handing it in . yes , we ’ re that ... meh . he also thinks me questioning his statements are the same as disagreeing so i don't really want to bother myself with clarification . lol listening to this :p roud : infj friend : you know you're like programmed . why do you always have to be so analytical ? you always have to analyze everything . that's how artificial intelligence are .  ... ummm ... okay ... 243066 i was explaining the concept of luck using statistics to someone , but for some reason that person didn't think it was valid . my argument was , someone winning the lottery would be extremely lucky ... can omission really be associated with lying ? lying is falsification while omission is an exclusion of information . going to school on winter break is no fun . but having a talk with an entp professor makes it worthwhile :) 242210 2421 94 which one is better to practice . : unsure : muay thai or krav maga ? ? damn you > . < why is it a little much ? i suppose someone could accuse you of breaking the 10 commandments lol . i'm in a good mood . i got lonewaer to get snapchat ( ^ , ^ ) ah . got it . i'm sure your brain will come up with something :p roud : ah . got it . i'm sure your brain will come up with something :p roud : i think i need some context : confused : '