' personally i'd change that into some people got their license by blowing their driving instructor i get the feeling , like the bastards who want to see the grass grown on an ... to make an example out of these people ofcourse . if we were to harvest their organs that might signal to other derps that even in death they serve a use ... which we can't have since this ... ? ! ? apologies on our behalf , for cookies ? ! ? * starts building pyre * intricate mystic , read my thread on old people and the internet ... you can hold my torch whilst i list the barren ... yes we're trying to take that into the calculations , we're currently bussy assesing all of our liquidity assets as well as personal finances and i'm thinking of selling my appartment instead of ... nah that doesn't work anymore , the way to summon them now is we found oil : wink : well yes sure , they just get easily wound up and would like to see what would happen if we started some controversial threads since some claim to be 1337 trollz / #trueentp : wink : for the ... sooo ... i'm growing bored with our little corner of this site , not much to learn about our type anymore it seems ... except for the occasional omgurnotentp / #mistype thing going on as ... will.i.am got nothing on this guy : laughing : drmiller 100 finish watching it ( all of it ) and let's talk again ... :p roud : polemic yes at pyres next to the road to warn other road users what happens . yesiknowbut boring ? nah i think it's awesome you got everything worked out , at any other time numbers are my friends but when it comes to my pension i start panicking for some reason . ( walked ... damn you xix , this is a serioussnes problem here : angry : we should be able to solve this in polynomial time , before one of the barren tries to divide by zero ... : wink : 1 . anyone who complains about how everything was better in the past . 2 . sacrifices must be made . ( what should i do online anyway ? can't fap anymore , probably don't want to talk to the children ... that would only lead to fires and such , when they burn those servers down with their incessive clicking on everything . i'm only for this if said networks have been placed inside elderly homes ... how about if we apply this recursively then ? so if grandad doesn't make it , the whole lineage will be removed from society ? will also cause people to take better care of their elders btw , so ... oh but i am intersted in other entp's / how other people handled this as well :p roud : i'm 33 atm and according to my bank manager it's time to start taking action concerning these things . it's ... come on i know you want to : kitteh : i suggest to start with the following : screaming children in supermarkets ( and screaming children + proud parents in general ) , ... egad ( s ) is one of my favourites in spoken english people tend to react with surprise / amusement when they hear it . ikr : laughing : cannot count the times i wanted to run one of them over ( or throw a unrepairable notebook at one ) darwinism biatch if you cannot react quick enough get off of the road . if you can't talk the talk ... don't walk the walk : laughing : talked my way out of so many speeding tickets the misses is thinking about taking away my car keys . : wink : 223266 i am verry much seriousness tyvm , ever driven behind an old person ? ! they're a danger to themselves as well as others ! ! ! should we bann old people from using the internet / computers ? i'm pro / for this , someone else can come up with reasons to keep them online / using them ( probably a feeler ... f * ck it / if this is the worst that happens today , it'll only get better from here on in hi everyone , have you planned for the future and epecially concerning a pension ? ? ? did or are you planning to ' ' save up ' ' ? invest ( ed ) in something of ueuhm constant value ( like a house or ... when i was a teenager i'd start the weekends on coke follow up on xtc for turning in such an fucked-up clown and took weed for the chill out sessions / make the monday crash less horrible . ... so if i understand this correctly ... you're angry because a bunch of non-conformist aren't conforming to being non-conformist ? seems legit : laughing : can you code and set up oop projects ? ( java + xml for android atm / c , c + + or c # for windows mobile / objective c or swift for ios , or you could ' ' just ' ' try c on all of those ) and i do mean a ... so take it you plan on doing something similar for your own business ? do some small jobs on the wekends to build up your portfolio & funds while you still have the security of your current job ( oh ... take it your ticket system does show you did it so you get the credit for it , if not ... stop doing you co-workers job . ( you're not getting payed for doing extra work are you ? / no matter how nice ... climhazzard ty mate , lets leave ' ' it ' ' at this , start feeling bad about ' ' going behind her back ' ' tbh . ( will edit op ) update : cant edit op , asked mods for removal of thread , please don't get ... my ' ' head-strong ' ' personality / the fact that i ' ' talk back ' ' / i'm not was not , impressed with her being a ' ' pretty girl ' ' like most guys she knows / knew , who start acting like a twit when she ... yesiknowbut wait what ? ! do women actually do this ? not my darling-wife ( seriously though , got any tips concerning this ? can't go mess about in her stuff right ? trust is very important to us ) ... climhazzard yes i know she's / can be , a psycho - bitch , that's why she's my gf / fiancee ( i'm drawn towards ' ' crazy girls ' ' like a moth to a flame ) yesiknowbut universe have mercy if you're ... got into a fight this morning with my gf about me acting like a child apparently . ( didn't like the news item on display so zapped to a cartoon channel ) all of a sudden she started listing the ... nope , momther thought i had it , got me tested ( repeatedly ) and ' ' they ' ' discovered that my ' ' hyper-focus / lack of focus ' ' had to do with me being interested in the subject matter . not a ... oh and btw ... how long would it take ' ' us ' ' to declare war upon a nation of judgers ? something tells me about one meeting with their emissary :d ry : don't ' ' talk down ' ' to one of ' ' us ' ' if you're met with a ' ' omg dafuq / luigi death-stare ' ' kind of look it doesn't mean we don't ' ' get it ' ' it probably means we're processing what you just said . hope you're right , that'd be a waste : wink : wait what ? didn't i win this * * * measuring contest ? missaverage is a close 2nd but still i win . mercedes cl500 ( 2000 ) myself . ( german 5.5 l v8 baby , will eat your puny american cars for breakfast :p roud :) frequently borrow the missus her fiat punto ( 2012 ) for groceries ( well actually go ... wonderland on fire with droids to keep ' ' day to day life ' ' going whilst ' ' mad scientists ' ' run arround inventing new stuff / throwing the most over the top party beyond imagination . something ... got my own software studio and people keep telling me i'm posh ... quick income calculation ( annual paycheck / hours worked ) means i'm poor as f * ck : wink : : laughing : from the top of my head ... no . ' ' problem ' ' is ... ts are a form of fractures e . g . 1/4 , 1/8 ... and those are part of algebraic functions which are ( oviously ) part of algebra which can be discrete ... just ' ' checking in ' ' to see how you're doing so ... how are you doing ? so everythings ok now ? / how was your day ? you're so nice / sweet ... why ? : laughing : ' ' man the ramparts ' ' = my inner state atm , but that might be the caffeine od talking : frustrating : ' ' you go grrrl ' ' :p roud : not sure if it will help you , but at some point i ' ' just ' ' say fuck it and go about my business like nothing has happened , which in the past turned out to be true 9/10 times , since ' ' we ' ' tend to ... cheaper ego boost then cocaine and like the drugs , wouldn't take her home to meet ' ' mommy dearest ' ' : wink : seeing how some / most of ' ' us ' ' enjoy chaos i was wondering ... is it just me or do others have trouble with the abscence of sound ? can't stand it myself tbh , need some kind of ' ' white noise ' ' in ... '