' what the fuck even ? this might be the stupidest comment i've seen on this forum . good , because you can roast that professor alive with a visit to the department head . are you currently in university ? if so , how far and what classes have you taken ? i'd set you up with a schedule of programming , calculus , and biology , with an art elective . there are biological ... how is meat unhealthy ? apologies if it came off like that . it was a wall of text , so i figured i'd quote what i felt to be the main points you were making . after all , a person must only click back a page to see your ... emotions are more complex than you're giving them credit . her behavior is common among people that have been hurt by someone . i always find this such a scathing comment . it releases a shitty ... okay , but what's the real reason you don't want to continue your degree ? you shouldn't be appealing to general istp descriptions because you're not the sum total of the istp population . what are your ... those fuck-fuck games though . you sure you don't miss it ? water world . you won't survive the other one . you could just recount your behavior . you don't have to write the inner workings of my mind by spreefirit . he doesn't think you're awful ; he doesn't care . his behavior isn't about you . it's about him . you are never going to get his approval . it's just not going to happen . you probably only want his ... what does that mean ? you acted reasonable for someone dealing with her first love that was a shitty person . please do not think you ruined the relationship with excessive texts or that you ruined his trust with ... this thread is very odd to me . i see you getting crucified by other posters , and for what ? in what way did you act like a crazy jealous girl and in what ways should you have acted like an adult ? ... stephen ? * touches powercord * * gasp * emadoe in a perfect world , what would your relationship with him be like ? enfp , the last piercing was definitely a mistake . i made an oops . come save me . - istp this is actually something that makes me irrationally angry . i don't see the picture even with the outline drawn around it . the formations all look alike to me too . it makes me so angry that a bunch ... short hair . it's both annoying and lovely to feel . bleacher ridges , the ones that are flat on the top of the ridges . rose petals . wood . if you find something that takes you a second to think about and you enjoyed the time you were thinking about it , chase that . if you don't have motivation to do something in the first place , you ... you every time you see one of those posts : :( what the fuck is wrong with the people in your life ? how do they all find you ? you must have an identical twin brother because there's a male in an undergrad class that is the spitting image of you . same facial expression , hair style , face structure , everything . he even looks ... are you an undergrad in the us ? you look alarmingly like your avatar . hahaha . i know , today i bought a calendar . he threw a couple stacks of note-cards at me . so that went better than expected . istj , sorry , i signed 2014 on a few papers ... please don't kill me when you realize you have to fill out 15 pages of documents again . - istp p . s . at least i'll be prepared to sign 2014 on ... you're not ugly mate , just old <3 ufeff - miss ian curtis * crying * my comment was a pun . i think your reasoning is faulty because it is so vague . ti , te , ne , ni , etc all generate ideas . it doesn't have to be intuition that is responsible for his reasoning ... he's my type . but who's to say his psychological abnormalities make it possible to locate one type for him ? when a person elicits a response from you and then blames you for your feelings , that's manipulative . you should be in a relationship because it makes you happy . if you aren't happy and it isn't ... unbelievable . beetlejuice die hard octopussy if you are truly addicted to alcohol , i urge you to seek help . i do not know what stage of education you are in but there is a reason stem majors laugh at art majors during finals week . the ... underdeveloped people of every type suck . some more-so than others . but that doesn't mean you need to put down an entire population . yes . no . say hi if i want ? yes you should ask yourself if you are compromising yourself for him . and might i remind you that the fun ends when the issues you have been ignoring have become so toxic to the relationship that someone ... i also found out i could make a person happy by helping them . why am i not an enfj ? well , the method in your life is a choice . how you express this choice , how you process this choice is ... i usually take preventive offense to these comments . your question seems to raise the suspicion that istps are this way because they are damaged , there is something inherently wrong with how istps ... i love estjs . that is , when we're at the same authoritarian level . can i have you for christmas ? exfj's aren't my favorite type in general but damn . dislike someone for no real reason , and pick on them when they do things that annoy me . i do that to people sometimes . it's usually because their insecurity bothers me . but if you're not insecure then i would reckon it's jealousy or childhood issues . that's impressive . what math and sciences were those ? was this university level ? '