anyone i could pm to get some advice from about a matter that's been going on for a while now ? not entirely comfortable posting it , but it's eating away at me . thanks cmon , cmon , i know i can do this . my brain doesn't want to function at all anymore & i'm terrified i'm going to fail all of my exams . whats happened to me ? edit : nevermind came across a post on reddit about ' nozerodays ' . essentially a zero day is a day in which you make no steps towards any of the goals you have . the aim is not to have any zero days . maybe you write ... definitely as a means to escape things that were going on during childhood / teenage years . my parents , and a whole host of other people told me one thing , my intuition told me another . i trusted my ... thank you so much for this entire post ! you're right about developing some sense of adventurousness + pushing my boundaries . that's what i'm going to be looking for , those opportunities . ... thanks for the book suggestion ! mindfulness / meditation have definitely kept me going , though not specifically vipassana . actually , the reason it's been exhilarating is the fact that never before have ... one example is reading fiction books . halfway through ' to the lighthouse ' by virginia woolf atm . her style of prose is so fluid and dynamic that i slip into intense reveries incredibly often . i'm ... at the beginning of this year i think i underwent the process of having my ni collapse all around me , almost completely . it was like having everything i thought i knew ripped out from under my feet - ... everyday counts like crazy - frank ocean recently been feeling the truth in this lyric there's lots in here that might not be necessary . tldr at the bottom to begin , i'm currently getting towards the end of my masters program , studying physics . i decided to study this degree at 16 ... how to express these frustrations appropriately ? i made decisions and choices in regards to life , and where i wanted to go . at 16 , i should've known that i knew absolutely nothing about the world ... been a fan for years . the guy is literally the poster child for the pros and cons of creative ingenuity ( he's changed almost the entire soundscape of rap / rnb multiple times throughout his career ) ... all i have to say , currently , is that i hope things start too look up for you soon . keep stumbling forwards ; you might just be stumbling in the right direction . rooting for you . on a mixed ... this thread real wasn't sure where else to put this question but an article i was reading stated : ' the better use of extraverted feeling for an infj would be to use it to assess the infj's rich insights and weigh ... beyond done with this masters degree . in a hard science , physics at that . the final report is due soon and i'm so behind that regardless of anything , the final product will be lacking and it's ... i thought trying to analyse my dreams would be an awesome fun idea , but it feels like looping - going loopy . as much as i enjoyed looper i wish they didn't fk with jgl's appearance . also , being ... so , in a years time i'm going to have a masters in physics , and i have essentially zero ideas what i'm going to be doing afterwards . decided that working in science is definitely not the sort of job ... so familiar and overwhelmingly warm this one , this form i hold now embracing you , this reality here this one , this form i hold now , so wide eyed and ... i just want to message my two close female friends , but they have boyfriends and i feel awkward constantly talking to them so i go the other route and don't message them at all . then we don't speak ... actually , i hadn't considered entp and will do some reading on it now . i thought it might be a good idea to put up the short question functions questionnaire up , and see if my cfs can be taken more ... hey , please don't think i was assuming intp's to be emotional robots , incapable of true human interaction , that was not the case . i was just raising questions as to how the inferior nature of fe ... hey , thanks for your response , gave me lots to think about :) i typed as an infp after taking a test a friend sent me and all of the following articles , forum posts seemed to fit me a lot so i ... hey guys , started thinking that maybe i wasn't actually an infp so here i am ... thanks for any replies :) 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? overthinking all of ... seems very interesting , some of my answers seem to be giving off non fi-te vibes which is interesting since i type as infp 1 . after hearing about the cancer i would be shocked and would be unable ... degree : physics ( next year will be getting my masters in the same area ) mbti : infp when i first got into physics i was completely drawn into the whole mystery and wanting to understanding how all ... i've been okay in most regards . got some house cleaning done , and some house sorting for next year done too . haven't written anything today , spent it all lazing around which is bumming me out a bit ... 1.whats the first thing you say to this person who saved you ? you had no right , but thanks for doing so . mind telling me exactly how you managed to reanimate a corpse ? 2.whats the first thing ... i find it really interesting to gain an understanding of how people's mind works , what drives people , what are their thought processes like . not particularly people i know , but humanity on a broader ... as in ? ? : joyous : er , didn't the 90s have vanilla ice and others ? at the end of the day every decade of every genre of music is full of people whose music won't be worth a damn . the people whose work matters will be ... just finished you - caroline kepnes starting inferno , vol 1 of dante's divine comedy ' but a lot of the black music , no offense , is nothing but pure jive ' i think that's a rich statement to make in 2016 when the influence of black music has permeated most of pop culture , not just ... lateralus ( the patient , parabol / parabola , lateralus , i mean come on who can even write stuff like this ) unsure of 10,000 or aenima , but possibly the latter just edges it . i don't think i'm ... barely . actually a rising % of my clothes are starting to show serious signs of wear and tear ( both of my hoodies have holes , and with one the sleeves are dangling off ) , some of my t-shirts have ... yeah , that's more or less what i thought might be the case . actually , that leads me to another question related to social dynamics : generally , how many of the people in your life are in your life ... may have read it when i was 11 or so but for many years it was my favourite book . so gritty , so beautiful . ponyboy and johnny's friendship gave me life taken a number of times over the past three years . i have to say my preferred setting is inside a house with only other rollers , a good speaker system and hopefully some flashing lights aha . in this ... hey entjs , how are you likely to interact with a member of a friendship group who you don't like or respect as much as the others ? this person isn't a bad person to you , just someone who grates on ... ' i've timed all of the walking routes from [ someplace ] to home , come with me . this way is quicker . ' ' okay ... i rearranged my room again ... what do you think ? ' i'm partial to the occasional joint - or the more than occasional joint . there are times when i think i probably shouldn't smoke as much , but those times are rare . the truth is , i find being high ... george and amal . total honesty or total justice ? eternal sunshine of the spotless mind , though it was my second viewing ... nightcrawler was absolutely fascinating