esfj , all over the place ambient , strange stuff ( the abbasi brothers , sigur ros , brian eno , not really classical or strongly composition based ) some indie ( cloud control , arctic monkeys , the ... i think i may have accidentally posted this thread twice , either way thanks for the answers ! thank you for the quick responses ! ( for all types ) i'm doing a study on relative time it takes a person to fall asleep by type . the study has more components to it , but all i currently need is for these two questions to be answered . ... ( for all types ) i'm doing a study on relative time it takes a person to fall asleep by type . the study has more components to it , but all i currently need is for these two questions to be answered . ... i do but i also understand the reason it's there , because i do much the same . i'd mostly prefer they let them down when they wish or when it suits them , so that i know they're only opening up out of ... hahah yea i'd like to do one sometime . it might be a while though i've currently got my hands tied . i know the feeling :/ but i also know that time outlasts everything and as hard it is to believe in the moment , things always fade . i hope he finds someone again , someone better . yes this is very typical . when we invest ourselves in someone it's an all or nothing deal , and we become a part of them . they leave and we have to say goodbye to that part of ourselves and our ... i don't know what these threads would be without your posts i think intps and esfjs can make great friends , but not great romantic partners . i've never learned so much about myself than with my intp friends . i suppose anyone would look shallow if they weren't ... irrelevant but this is exactly my relationship with my dad . it comes from us being so similar but just different enough to clash . the less i need from him the tighter his grip gets and i get ... thanks , this helped a lot . i know i do this but somehow being cognizant of it doesn't make it controllable either and i think that irritates me in these situations most , that i can't stop myself from ... it is because it has to do with my inward acceptance of myself . i spend so much time pointlessly masking myself to accommodate whatever social nature is around me , and in doing so i lost track of any ... i would avoid someone if they freaked me out ( legitimate emotional overload or stalker-ish behavior ) . i would go as far as to hide in bushes / trashcans if they made me uncomfortable . i have a pathetic ... ayasullivan has trumped the lot of us something i need to work on outwardly :/ : happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: hap ... did i just survive the zombie devil duck apocalypse i want a gold star  spamming but i wish there was a word for those weird moments in which irony exists but itx 92s only evident to one of the members of its immediate affect . like today i was sitting in a corner of the ... i think the ' not being good enough ' mentality has largely to do with our type , and for me it stems from my enneagram type as well ( 3 sx ) . placing values externally so that we have no sense of inner ... that reminds me of when i used to play the thundercats game hhahaah rejection , being told that i am of no worth . becoming attached to someone only to end up hurt by it . the suspicion that i may always be alone , and that i will never find the right person to grow ... lol do you make these reaction pictures yourself ? they're the best that being said my so is an intp and sometimes i think i'm outwardly colder than him . he always seems like the softer one , but he's still more level headed internally . an excellent stabilizer for ... it reminds me of the natural dance fe / ti play . when your partner uses it the cycle will probably feel more natural . the two functions always feel like two people slapping each other in the face in ... maybe , but it makes me so angry when i don't realize something until i'm ten feet deep in it , especially when i was so careful about it . that's probably the reason it happens . and i'm angry at my ... lol if that's insecurity for you then it must be fe , that or ti because i always think the exact same thing . i'm constantly at a loss as for why anyone would even like me for no good reason . it gathers data from whats in front of it , crams it into overfilled storage space , and then uses all of it to compare what has already been learned to what the user comes face to face with ... that's true , but a lot of the time i personally just like to absorb what someone has said . i like when they tell me things and i like to listen , but sometimes i'm slow to respond because i just want ... and happy belated birthday randomshadowpersonality right person right ? ix92m getting tired of how si can dig so deep into a delusional fantasy . and only when it settles itself does ne find these weirdly specific connections between points to rip shit up and who knows if ... that's great , i'm so glad you found out . steps to self discovery are always the best . well stick around our forum we like having you here nonetheless :) hey so you are actually an infj ! or are you marauding lol . if not how did you find out ? i had a suspicion lol not many esfjs on youtube . it seems like perceiving dominant types have more difficulty getting along with opposites . i can only seem to relate this to perceiving being ... also do you have the video link a very close friend is an entp and we're like the same person inversely . outwardly very different , but inwardly we're painted with the same colors . this connection is at times stronger with intps . sometimes i feel like everyone and no one at the same time . i never fit in anywhere , nothing fits into me , and there's a constant mask on my ' self ' that changes indefinitely . i love people but also ... from what i've seen they usually go one of two ways . either they don't mix or they become inseparable , but usually as friends . friendship is optimal because after a while fe sensitivity on both ends ... there are too many similarities to adequately explain , a ridiculous amount of inverse mirroring . this may be because i developed more , but the intps i'm close to feel like the inner voice i never ... is the ' stupid ' in reference to him actually getting you to get an account on the forums ? this is hilarious sometimes emotions spilled before me make me really uncomfortable because i feel emotionally invaded or disturbed , because i'm usually embodying their emotions too . but i wouldn't invalidate them by ... e-mail him . i always feel like i'm the one crowding people ( i engage in so much suppressed affection it's ridiculous ) so if someone else took a step to do that i'd feel better about talking to them ... and if i was wrong ? :P ted-enfj ( highly idealistic , focused strongly on his romantic pursuits as an fe dominant which i personally related to , but uses ni not si . very futuristic , and constantly seeks out the underlying ... he comes across strongly to me as an ixxp , likely an fe heavy skewed portrayal of an intp . i don't get strong si vibes from him ( not as dominant perception at least ) and he's similar to my intp ...