' being neat and tidy is often really all about social interaction ... since we have organized minds and can remember where we put stuff , the only reason to be neat would be to have company over . ... one of my former colleagues was doing the paleo diet ... or as i call it the vegan plus meat diet . root problem solving or not , offerings of chocolate are always gratefully accepted . at the very least , they create a diversion . unlike being a catty witch , which , clearly , is terribly feminine ... so , in other words , yes . i am irrational . ... must eat much chocolate ... is it irrational that i have been avoiding posting as i near the 3000 post mark ? because you need quiet to concentrate ? i'm the same way myself but why would these people be on the intj forum ? confusion . how is there a contest here ? people are inherently annoying , so therefore it is only logical that loneliness is less annoying that an unsatisfying relationship . ... did i miss something ? auto-speechifying , check ! alan coren ! i adore him . < heh heh ... planet zog . > i met her about 12 years after he and i broke things off--but i rather like her , actually . i don't know what my type is ... if i knew , perhaps i would have gotten married ; ) heh heh . planet zog . * snorfle * nope - - not married . he's been with someone for a decade ( they are adorably well suited ) , but i have just not found the right fit for myself . i'm pretty sure my ex is an sfj , actually . bossy and ... no ... you're not . i broke up with a finance 16 years ago and i still cry over it when someone brings it up ( which is more than one might think , as we are still friends ) . stiff upper lip . or walking quickly ... must wear that blue tooth more often ... 59719 rutabaga for you ... just because i love your avatar it sounds about right to me ... have you posted this on the infj forum ? what do they think ? i am so glad to find a whole thread of my soulmates ... what i have always found interesting is that among the people i went to college with , we never go straight into any social event . if ... no ... just teasing you : wink : i would never say anything like that ... it would be mean . by ' brag ' i hope you actually meant ' whine ' ... and i quit my job so i'm not traveling right now . besides , work travel just means you have to work all day while jet-lagged and then you have to try ... i was thinking cardio rather than strength exercises ... 20 minutes on the elliptical or a 3-5 km brisk walk and i was much , much happier . i had a job where i was going to italy and amsterdam , ... i , too , am very sorry for your loss . not a bitch ... you just seem to be able to see ways to be snarky and choose carefully when to snark and how to snark in a funny way ( as opposed to a mean way ) . lots of exercise always helped me when i was traveling back and forth across the atlantic all the time ... i felt better even if i was totally jet lagged and had not slept in a couple of days ... i do ... and they are adorable and totally the most fun often but also have an edge on them sometimes ... but in a good way . i always cry at the scene were they kill boromir in lotr ... and during those certain bulb commercials infjs can have a total edge on them ... just ask mimesis or hrothgarsdad or you can get a pop-tart related benediction for a reduced rate ... the research suggests that it , in fact , does both ... people are angry with you for being too vocal about your thoughts and they are punishing you for not knowing your place . try this experiment : for one week , agree with every teacher and repeat back ... i think , therefore i am . that happens to a lot of people here ... it's partly the format . chin up . maybe practice will improve this for you ? just keep trying and eventually someone will get you this is starting to feel extremely passive-aggressive . if you do not want to play nice , please don't quote me . so , technically true , but my question is whether dogs want to teach or train or we can learn from them just because of their dogness ... lol ... but maybe ted is a zombie and keeps accidentally eating his dates ' brains how i met your walking dead mother ? only if your understanding of devil's advocate is the dominant one ... i am unfamiliar with this lurking of which you speak . wait - - they have those ? ( and for the record , i think you're quite cute ) this whole thread is seeming very ... earnest . how about ... batbat ? megaforce ? ! really ? ... wow ... my favorite part of that movie was the holographic pig ... hit me from out of the blue ... i predict a muppet reign of tyranny with foam alphabet letters getting very aggressive on the highways and byways my new hero is richard hatch flying away on wing and a prayer , eh ? correct answer : only on wednesdays . '