' bwahahaha bikes wont answer hate and hair and hell . uihuwkjhiw no problem , by the way you should be expecting serious people on the way to correct that mistake ... any second now . wow i've never heard of esjf's :P . welcome to the forum * esfj * i hope you like it . infp username . welcome to perc , nah just joking . never doubt anything when it comes to fashion , we still have nose hair to wait for . they never figured out that it was their maze , they made it and they were put inside . they forgot the route out when they were too busy thinking what if i got lost ? as confusion scatters my thoughts i just sit there thinking is this how ' doing nothing ' feels like ? . i need to find something interesting to do , this is killing me . pink floyd - comfortably numb well cupcakes are like intp's aren't they ? ( u200bi didn't sleep well ) fox , you could have just posted the comeback already , without explaining that you have one for me . - _ - looks like you don't have one ... you want to here something stupid from me ? cupcakes , u200b now ... intp doesn't have a comeback ? this must be my lucky day ! * excuse me while i laugh * well done , made me laugh . i'll head back to this thread , i'm not in the mood for criticism . which is kind of odd . o_o i didn't see that coming . well since you feel like snickering at everything than i suppose you feel good :P . i can't really think straight because of the butterflies to be honest ... it's ... let's just hope that ' snickery ' means that you're happy and having fun ^ _ ^ . king of nothing , one can be an observer . did you really think that was trolling ? please a toddler does better . no i think i can distinguish between those . they have that butterfly flutter in them , although very fast . it's not a good feeling . lovely mornings ? i feel as though there are very aggressive butterflies in my stomach . missing the ' obvious ' is disturbing . you should start working , wise choice . sure we'll talk later . good luck . good to hear i'm not the only one , although i'm usually late when it comes to such things . preciseness and accuracy are good , it's what most jobs want these days :P . so are you often late when it comes to meetings or do you like to come on time ? i clap for your preciseness ^ _ ^ i suggest in that goofing off time to make prank calls . 9 hours ? what are you intending to do ? it has . well i'm fine i have a lot of work that i should be doing but simply refuse to do due to it being boring ... but you know me i'll do it anyways . i just need to wait for the right time . didn't really do much ^ _ ^ . it'll be harder for you to change your sleep cycle though , good luck with it . hmm , so you're intending to keep it that way ? ughh must be a horrible feeling . i've been there done that , it felt like half my life passed while i was asleep . do not kid with them , they'll bring cookies with them anyways . anybody home ? thank you for the reality slap although i didn't need it . if you were aware and in full mind you would probably realise that i was never in the infp-ville and what i just said had nothing to do with ... the no planning part makes sense since you do seem clueless most of the time unless you're talking about relationships that's when you never quiet down . entp i do not intend to change your tedious ... hmm , well in this particular situation following the rules wouldn't do as much . so how about i play along you guys fall for me and then we follow the rules . it's called planning you wouldn't ... hitlers wife died from cyanide poisoning . just thought i'd make the subject better since none of you were following the rules . oh my ! i hope your mission succeeds . by the way you can build things with those cans ^ _ ^ it's to make them feel happy after they leave ... ? i seriously don't understand it as well ... it's to attract them ... ? some entp's don't take it as irony - _ - says the person who procrastinate nearly every second of the day . and if by do things you mean flirt with girls on an online forum daily than i'd rather not do things . you weren't suppose to say that . you were doing well until this . i don't agree on this one . if you put the bitterness and the sarcasm aside you will actually see that i did tell you so . no right now isn't a good time to boost my ego ( yes i have timing unlike you ) . i just hope infphile read this one . again your welcome i really did nothing much . i'm just here to tell you told you so . you're welcome . sadly , such questions can be very annoying . what makes the better are the funny answers though ^ _ ^ . i was just messing with your infp brain . i'd rather work in the lab . i was actually thinking of inviting all of the types for a tea party . - _ - the entp probably forgot about the event . the entp also doesn't care about the rules . the infp probably never noticed that . '