' so yes intresting topic , what would u do if u accidently kinda subverted the government ? so il elaborate , cow weighs 600lb and to get perfect beef needs to be heated to a temperature of 180c for 25 mins per lb + 25 mins , with perfect internal temp of 70c , so any suggestions how to get ... entp = crow views ? i spot manipulation instatly , and if i see no way to turn it to my advantage i'll call them out , if i can see a way that letting them think im naive is somthing i can use then the hunter becomes the ... i've just put 20mg of diazepam in ur tea cause i cant put up with listening to your conversation on reality tv shows lol . well another great therapy session , today i thought id start with little bit of fun , me i think i may have alien hand syndrome her why do u think this me when im writing texts to people i have a ... also minions ! henchmen ! ! ! i must confess i just seen thread ask an istp and could not resist posting thisqthi basically unshakeable gloomy assassin of the mind does istp stand for indomitable saturninely triggerman of the psyche . views ? love loopholes ! ! so what was the topic and who won ? ;-) [ / quote ] topic was is it wrong to park in a mother an baby spot if u dont have baby with you . and i won , my argument was parking in supermarkets etc falls ... 5 words or less . never trust a hungry cat ! i have one of these plans lol . thinking i did notice that being in denial was refreshing on a hot day , also how can denial be that wrong 40 million people live in denial ( well denial delta region of africa ) lol . you're in denial . no i'm not ! ! ! [ / quote ] i was in denial once ... and this egyptian dude said u know there's big crocodiles in there , i was instantly out of denial ! ! so denial is cured by ... tbh tho i am happy to have her and she is helping me , got letter off her yesterday with her initial diagnosis ( dumb gp referred me for aspd ) , i score 26/27 for depression and 19/21 for genralised ... i did question her views on equality , which gobsmacked her because my argument was undeniable . well humans have been evolving through primarily natural selection for 195,000 years if i remember ... my strange view is if 2 phenotypes appear outwardly equal because social equality has been pushed to far , but 1 is a stronger genotype , how then does a potential mate naturally select the stronger ... is society interfering with human evolution by way of political correctness ? i . e in the quest for equality ( just one point of contention ) , is society making strong phenotypes weaker due to the ... this seems a very similar to the psychological definition of maturity , having the ability to respond to your environment in an appropriate manner . this is a good description of maturity , but to me ... the way you split these 2 types is with their interactions with other people although house seems outwardly introverted , his need for interaction with people is ever apparent , and his thought process ... thinking entp is most introverted of the extroverts . thought of 11 reasons why fictional character house is entp 1his knowlage is extensive on all subjects and his mind is sharp as razor . 2 ... thinking should come up with 7 step plan to refine this idea so i could more easliy develop this make a million idea , but the 7 step plan for refining the make a million idea would also require a 7 ... thinking has come up with cunning plan to gets millions of pounds and then burn it in front of many entjs with my father at front of the pack of them . step one : post thread in entp forum best way ... thinking house = entp unhealthy one maybe though ! i was opposite i was always told to voice my views and opinions , where my parent's fell flat was in fact entj dad estp mum = no emotions present lol , was fun and intresting childhood with my 4 exxx ... lol great list , i have one of these good behavior lists in social situations to is called my isfj girlfriend , she keeps an invisible mental list of all things iv ever said that anger people and ... im pretty sure saudi arabia areas of nigeria and other assorted countries have a natural treatment to solve this ... go in to a shop an steal somthing , an naturally problem solved when they cut ur ... hmm what would happen if i threw an istp into a super massive black hole ? ? ? would black hole win ? or would istp suck life out of the black hole ? ? ? lol dont need to be entj to plot someones destruction , entps are naturally better at this because my way atleast they would never see it coming would hit them with the enormity of a super massive ... another entp , i wish i knew one irl lol it seems like im surrounded by sjs in my life lol , although im pretty damn sure my 10 year old daughter is entp . i have a cat and its messed up lol , its the most anally retentive cat iv ever seen , i . e it will use litter tray and spend 20 mins scratching at litter then meow at me next time want wee to change ... maturity is important in all types . we just dont seem as condescending as intps in debates but we argee more as we will argue any issue even if we dont belive in it where intps normally only argue ... i always thought one of those sphynx cats would be more sinister looking evil villian pets , or you could just shave a fluffy one cus tbh who does not like a shaved pussy lol ! ! outwardly we do not apper as him being subordinate though , if it was not for our name tags u would think he was in charge and i was subordinate , because i let him take lead most times as i recognise ... in personal life i would not spend massive amount of time with entj , but there intrinsic value in society is a logical inevitability , and being entp i share their limited capacity for emotions and ... i've always worked well with entps . i think it helps that i enjoy their company . i like their sense of humor and their energy . we think differently , so we bring different things to the table , but ... question is do you think entp + entj workplace combination is one of most beneficial combinations of nts ? tbh only thing that stops people from thinking entj is my manager is the name badges lol , mine saying store manager and his being deputy , but under the appearance of this im the evil dictator in ... what other types think of entjs is really irrelevant , as what a entj brings to the table is intrinsically valuable and they never seem to become a liability . where as entps value can be above and ... this reminds me a friend of mine is an entp and seems to have a mostly negative view of entj's . like she gets paranoid about certain people being manipulative , controlling etc . and then will be ... i must confess that i baited my isfj gf in to an argument / debate this evening because i was bored . i also spent an hour today mocking my istp brother in law as the black hole he is was in danger ... lol this might be intresting . hmmm 3 intp 2 entp , 3 days of amazing conversations 6 billion unique ways of creating a utopian society and how to implement it , then entps get very hungry consider hunter gathering as option , to ... intolerant , insufferable , overbearing , overly vocal , power mad , stubborn , impatient and arrogant . thought id list your good qualitys lol . but entjs are like mouths everyone should have one . ... forgive myself ? my logic was sound i was suffering depression and wanted some pills , i proceeded to make a list of all the symptoms i had from dsm and typed it all out in logical rational way , with ... okay ... i wasn't directing my post to you but gee , thanks for insults ? this thread isn't only about estps but i'm sure you will carry-on any way . you seem mighty hyper and love to hear yourself ... '