' scientificamerican.com researchers unite in quest for standard model of the brain alison abbott , nature magazine leading ... scientificamerican.com ... facial skin conditions steve mirsky not every movie villain has terrible skin , but it helps ... ... intellectual honesty is typically one of the easiest clues to the quality of a person's intellect because the natural tendency is to become dishonest when one's ideas are challenged for most ... here's another lie--ie , evasion in another thread in this same subforum , you asked about group theory cuz you thought it could mathematically prove socionics is true ! only a ti-dom--and a ... another evasion here's a hypothesis : intellectual honest is positively correlated with intelligence ; people with high intelligence can readily admit when they are wrong because it doesn't impugn ... tellus this is the guy who believes you can mathematically prove socionics is true ! if you're not even smart enough to see how ridiculous this is , you're not smart enough to do theory what do you know about chemistry ? you don't know anything about science , yet you think you can type scientists show me where anyone types most experimentalists as si and ni doms blogs.discovermagazine.com intravaginal tunes and didgeridoos : your 2017 ig nobel winners ... wired.com mind control isn't sci-fi anymore author : steven levysteven levy ... those are two different phenomena ... the first is a sound wave and is limited by the mean free path of the air molecules , since sound can't propagate if molecules are too far apart to collide ... it's ... solar cycle ... the sun's stellar magnetic field flips polarity every 11 years ( north and south magnetic poles flip ) ... magnetic activity on the surface--sun spots , solar flares--waxes and wanes over ... . the sun is a plasma , a hot gas made up of charged particles , like electrons , protons , and ions ... flowing charged particles induce magnetic fields ... countless magnetic field loops ( think of the closed ... sound can travel in the direction of supersonic air ... what will limit its propagation is the air density , specifically , sound waves will cease propagating when their wavelengths become smaller than ... how to build hurricane-proof cities after irma and harvey almost exactly 117 years ago , a category 4 hurricane made landfall on the barrier-island city of galveston , texas , with the storm surge ... i know will want people to say , he spoke softly but carried a big dick , a long-time and well-known member , was perma-banned this week and someone started a thread in her memory what do you want people to say about you when you're banned ? ( and if you're ... which is more important for office work : connectivity between perception and coordinated action or communication between analytical and intuitive processing ? the hunters of yesteryear are the ... summary and conclusions in this review of the current state of the evidence for cognitive and interest differences between the sexes and their putative biological , evolutionary , and ... providing for today generally doesn't depend on physical strength or aggression ... indeed , physical aggression would most likely end a man's ability to provide ... men may be more aggressive in pursuing ... amazon wants to begin shipping items even before you've clicked buy . here's why the idea may not be as crazy as it seems . if you thought amazon.com ' s ( nasdaq : amzn ) recent vision for 30 - minute ... ibm's simulated molecule could lead to drug and energy advances a quantum computer has simulated the largest molecule to date . rachel england , rachel_england ibm's quantum computer has made a ... nasa posted cassini's final photos before killing the space probe - business insider science has found brain differences but i'm not sure how meaningful they are in today's world ... men may have evolved to hunt but few men today put food on the table by bringing down game ... and no men ... theatlantic.com the missing pieces of sanders ' medicare for all bill vann r . newkirk ii take a second to step back . ...  we ’ re eating plastics from our own dirty laundry sep 14 2017 , 1:12 pm a startup is developing a reusable sheet that sucks microplastics from our laundry machines , so they don ’ t end up in the ...  blogs.discovermagazine.com cassini scientist would be surprised if life doesn't exist on enceladus ... blogs.discovermagazine.com goodbye , cassini ... a comment on this business of nationalism and superiority i'm not a historian , but history would probably show that in almost every instance nationalism was built on an idea of a unique people who ... ... some don't see it ... that's why white supremacy has been rebranded as alt-right--to lure unsuspecting people but some do see it but deny it to--what else ? - - deceive and lure unsuspecting people ... the intp discussion here is beside the point ( as usual ) the alt-right in the us satisfies the definition of white supremacy ... they believe whites are superior ... and they will have to control ... white supremacy from wikipedia , the free encyclopedia thenation.com ‘ single payer is a rational health-care system ’ : an exclusive interview with bernie sanders on his ‘ medicare for all ’ plan by john nicholstwitter ... definition of supremacy speech is protected against government censure ... private companies , otoh , can restrict speech , for example , if it threatens to disrupt the workplace ... this is similar to an individual's right to stop ... washingtonpost.com pelosi throws up a giant yield sign on single-payer september 12 at 1:48 ... spencer , a leader in the alt-right , marched with neonazis in charlottesville nazis were america's enemy in ww2 ... americans--especially american soldiers--in 1945 would not have been seen anywhere ... for the apple fanboys and girls , the wait is over : this is wholepaycheck ... they always squeeze you dry actually , after amazon cut their prices , wholefoods saw a 25 % bump in shoppers , all squeezing through their doors ... which made krogers et al ... polygon.com julia alexander depending on who you ask , rotten tomatoes is the reason some movies don ’ t perform at the box office . countless ... telegraph.co.uk an irresponsible mr hyde or a caring mary poppins : what sort of drinker are you ? by ashley kirk ... '