' i don't offer advice unless it is asked for or specifically requested and i expect people to do the same for me . i don't want a tombstone . i want to be cremated and then tossed over a cliff into the pacific ocean . change hypersensitive to idiots and then i'll agree . :p roud : i have a headache . for me this depends on what the risk is exactly and the likelihood of death or dismemberment . the higher each of those are , the less likely i am to take the risk . i'm probably going to be called a liar for this but i don't have any phobias . at all . i want cupcakes too . cupcakes sound good . in that case , 95 % of the world is my shadow . :D this : i seem to be all over the place on this test . not entirely sure i agree with the whole thing . confidence low ... i have yet to find anyone like that . if i cared enough , i'd probably vote federalist just because i can . meh , too much effort . i think i'll go to bed instead . finish high school and get the diploma . it is stupid not to . you will be hurt more by not having it than you would going through however many years you have left . then , if you want to go to college ... i'm lazy . how to write a love letter : 11 steps ( with pictures ) - wikihow this is not youtube but it is way too funny not to post . you have to watch it to the end . trust me . 44257 my response i don't currently dance though i do want to learn some of the faster styles ; example - salsa , tango , lambada . those kinds of styles . faster tempo . i have yet to see a really good adaptation to film from a book . i have a hard time watching any of the count of monte cristo movies because it just doesn't compare at all to the book . i'd love to ... ok everyone . remember to come back to this thread in 2 years so we can all see what michael packard looks like . :) congratulations . it definitely isn't me though . mediocre movie that was an hour too long . i didn't fit any stereotypes at all . i was a jock . i was a nerd . i was a geek . i wore pajama pants because they were comfortable . my friends changed frequently . i just did my own thing . control . i see a lot of people use this word . the only thing you really have control over is yourself and your actions . you cannot control someone or their opinion of you . so it isn't worth trying ... i still have an 8 inch plate with 6 screwed in it . if i did break that bone again , it would probably punch through the skin this time . and i don't need stronger bones to tackle sharks . sharks are ... dafuq did i just read i didn't make it past page 1 before getting bored . i was hoping for some entertainment . bummer . except we're istps not estps . similar but we hate people and think everyone is stupid . you need to smile more shut up , i do not . i only smile when i feel like it and having to put up with your idiocy does not make me want to smile . i broke my leg and tore my interior ankle ligament last november . i broke my tib / fib back playing football my freshman year of high school . i broke my right thumb a couple years back and played 3 ... i don't have birthday parties any more for this very reason . if someone wants to give me a present , i can open it in the privacy of my home with no one around . so much nicer . simple . time . respect is given , trust is earned . you have to earn my trust . you have to do things that show me i can trust you . words are cheap , actions speak volumes . i give trust based on the ... for me it isn't nervousness at all , it is more that i just need to be doing something . it translates into me getting bored and doing something to keep me from going insane . the only time i am not fidgeting is when i am totally engrossed in something . those times are rare , so yeah i fidget all the time . what do i like about myself ? besides the fact i am totally awesome at doing stuff , i'm freaking hilarious . hey now , what's wrong with a little bit of house cleaning while you are stuck in traffic ? :) lies . i am teh awesome so i win . sounds like you need to take a sick day on monday and tuesday starfish and doing something you'd actually find fun . maybe sleep all day monday and then go do something on tuesday . ! 1 . i spend time with them , simple as that . 2 . most definitely short term with some plans made further out . mostly short term . 3 . only twice a day ? that's it ? really ? 1b . juicy love ? ... dear people of the world . you suck , i'm going back to bed . me . how about short yellow bus special ? :) i've wanted a ninja since i was 14 so i stick with that . i am not quite ready to jump to the supersport line yet or i'd be on a zx - 10r . the ninja 1000 is the largest of the sport bikes and i really ... there aren't enough characters allowed for me to express all the things that go through my mind when i am looking up at the stars . i've tried ldrs . didn't work . it takes two people that are totally and completely dedicated to the relationship for it to even have a chance at working . in addition to that , they both have to be ... italian for me for sure , especially when i make the pasta fresh myself . i also love the non-seafood based portuguese dishes . i'm learning some of the french techniques so i'm quite enjoying that as ... i'm working towards this i want to go here while doing this : ... i see what you mean now , you are not comfortable with my insane spontaneity . that might be an issue then . i hate making plans long term and only do it when i have to . it is more fun to just decide to ... right now , scuba diving . my plans were set back a year though when i broke my leg so i have to wait . it sucks . so what can we take away from this ? nfs are freaking evil ... i might be able to answer the test if i can do it across like two or three days and just compile the answers in a text file that i then ... '