' ensp : i got a tattoo . me : where ? ensp : in city , state me : huh ? ensp : i think it was there , could have been another city , same state me : well that's great ensp : you know what it was ? me : ... so ron artest cold cocked a guy during a game . i couldn't care less about that , but he changed his name to metta world peace ? c'mon , you choose your own name and that's what you come up with ? while * living = y * do it just doesn't matter meaningless because i always lie about my age . when you spend more time arguing if a thread should exist than the topic of the thread itself . i'm not a vegan , but i eat animals that are . i've always wondered what a vegan feeds his / her pet cat . as far as diet , i have discovered through years of extensive research that a diet consisting ... you are assuming a lot . what is your basis for this ? are you debra morgan ? insightful . that's my whole life . dead heat : words of affirmation and acts of service . tell me how wonderful i am while making me a sandwich . :d ry : in most cases , males are xy and the females are xx . i say most cases , because you get the occasional xxy or xyy , and that is confusing , but rare . in any event , i'm not sure we have ever seen an xxy ... history . i like a fantasy thrown in occasionally . what is my prize ? : cool : correlation < > causation did your mother have any children that lived ? mo · nog · a · my / məˈnägəmē / noun : the practice or state of being married to one person at a time . the practice or state of having a sexual relationship with only one partner . marriage ... monogamy is well defined . one , that is one person that you are schtupping . relationship is something else . our society has become rather fluid in its definition of a relationship . i am a trained leader , not a born one . probably typical for an intj to see leadership as something to be researched , studied , practiced , and then field tested . done . bear in mind that in ... here's your cheater types : type 1 : one who really doesn't believe in monogamy . they either are immature , or simply don't believe in the concept , and have decided to lie and pretend that they do ... hair color , skin color , eye color ? puleez . i think i prefer faces where the eyes are not too far apart . time . scandal , speculation and corruption are nothing new . google the tulip bulb speculation . we'll learn our lesson from this one , until we forget it again . lather , rinse , repeat . my ... there are days when i swear i'm of a different species than the people i deal with on a daily basis . you might be an entj if , after reading this , you stopped and googled triple constraint the way some people go after porn . always have a batna best alternative to negotiated agreement . is having a mate that is less than perfect preferable / not preferable to not having one at all ? it's not a hard question . bitte . de nada my only advice is to come to the point and don't beat around the bush . you might enjoy dancing around it , but you will lose him with a lot of fluff . i agree with quinault ndn ' s original assessment . if it's something i consider important , i have the focus , drive and discipline of 10 men . if i don't consider it important , you'll get it at the ... meh . you can't fix neanderthals , don't even try . some of these arguments are beyond stupid , btw . if a man is going to objectify a woman , he will do so * whether she wears a burk ha or a bikini * . ... tl ;D r 10 characters faith - a strongly held belief that you cannot explain to someone else to his or her satisfaction . it's true you don't need religion to not kill or to be generous , but what does make you not kill or consider generosity a good thing ? there must be some structure or reasoning for your behavior . ... this . one of the reasons i think studying comparative religion is useful is that you can get the philosophy without the social agenda . prison , that's probably it . yapping is one thing . yapping from one topic to another with no coherent purpose is another . when a p rambles on and on , and constantly interrupts you , how do you keep from stabbing him in the eye ? well , it's in my top of mind now . this morning a commercial was on the radio for femme boutique exactly . also , if you can't live up to all your commitments , don't make so many . that gives me a clue to your locale . we have the same chain under a different name . i do have to hand it to them in their advertising , a great combination of food and porn . this is a problem , why ? i think i see the problem . you're going to have a hard time being friends with an intj with those kind of priorities . if you do want to maintain the friendship , take the cat to her house and ... i'll not be using the word femme in the hearing or reading range of greengirl . i think you are on to something with objective praise . i could get behind that . i'd say i am mostly embarrassed by praise . i have learned to just say things like , that's kind of you to say , or simply thank you . most people don't praise me for things i consider spectacular ... i live in stage 2 . stage 1 is a waste of time . if you find me despite my clear avoidance of you , it's straight to defcon 5 . overall a happy childhood . i didn't miss the things i didn't know i didn't have . high school was not a lot of fun , but my misery until age 18 was mostly of my own making . i see . i just don't attach the same value judgments to the words . when , on a rare occasion we have a men only gathering , i have been known to refer to it as a sausage festival . i appreciate , but do not understand your aversion to the word femme . what's that all about ? the distaff side of my family is p , how's that ? i think all of us have been there on season 5 . i'm trying to remember , without much success , any toys i had . one year my brother and i have space helmets with a walkie talkie built in . that was cool . my parents gave me a ranger outfit to play ... i have been trying for years to come up with a logical reasoning for my disconnect with my nuclear family . for a long time i thought it was because i was the only male in the household . there may ... lie - 2te . but seriously , that part where you pick the picture of the person you are more compatible with ? wtf ? there was no selection for none of the above , it doesn't matter , or they were both ... '