' happy birthday america ! ! i am proud to be an american . hell no . i believe msbossypants has given you some great advice . if you can learn to use diplomacy i think you will be a much more effective team leader or team player . immature entj says - that is a ... my wife was an estj and we were very happily married for almost 18 years . it was a perfect match in our case . nice uneventful evening with a mesmerizing rainfall . this is pretty much the way i view altruism . i do give money occasionally to the guys standing at the intersection holding the sign , but more frequently than not i would give them a couple of ... i'm curious as to the why anyone is a certain type . is it determined by genetics , environment , or a combination of the two ? or something else ? i am an 8w7 but i think i am probably pretty tame relatively speaking . age does that for a person . i'm pretty mellow at this point . i own my own business so there is no need to impress anyone and ... i am not a cat lover but that first video was awesome ! go cat ! ! who said anything about a full-frontal assault ? this is the first time i've heard it mentioned . yes all ... but notice how i left the women alive in my scenario . he died like everyone does . i never claimed to be ghenghis khan ... i am hubcap ghenghis khan and a few others completely eradicated some of their enemies . i am suspicious as to why a stranger wants to hug me ... i know i am adorable but i am still suspicious . while the intj's are debating the merits of their flawless plan with the entp's the intp's sit aside and watch as the entj's act immediately wasting no time and just roll their army into position , ... that is sooo funny ! ! i love how the lawyer's head was on the verge of exploding . i have had to give two depositions in the past when the company i was working for was being sued . both times ... genetics define your potential . which is exactly why folks shouldn't be condescending to others who didn't have the good fortune to be born with superior genetics . try it . you will get some good experience . this comment indicates you are dick and not a particularly good manager . i want to make sure you guys are equipped with the best possible tools and training to do your jobs so you can be ... i am in the same circumstance presently . the isfj is a complete enigma to me most of the time , but i am slowly learning how they tick . it can be a challenge . there are assholes in every personality type . to stereotype entj's as assholes in general is completely wrong . ^ this ^ if you have trouble seeing the big picture you are probably more estj than entj ... imo narcissism - 1.7 - 14th percentile machiavellianism - 1.9 - 17th percentile psychopathy - . 4 - 0 percentile i don't think that being an entj has anything to do with being narcissistic . the average entj is probably good at a lot of things which should help their self-confidence ... but shouldn't ... jim beam black label - neat i believe that atlas shrugged perfectly illustrates the relationship between private business and government . so on that account rand nailed it ... imo as for her philosophy in general - ... i believe the uncaring label comes as the result of entj's being able to view circumstances from an unemotional standpoint . i believe the bossy label comes as the result of entj's knowing how ... i would be a honey badger . if i come across something i want to know more about , i study up on it when i get time ... but i am not insecure about it prior to having the chance to study up on it . the ultimate irony is that the guys who would favor this barbaric approach would probably be the first ones to get smoked . the best type for what ? i admit it ... i am lust it depends on whom i am cuddling , or whom is cuddling me . i worked for ~ 30 years in industrial manufacturing before starting my own business . now i am self-employed and i love it more than anything i have ever done . i will give you a piece of advice that i ... while it may seem slightly romantic or even practical to rid the town of the guy down the street who is a dick ... is it really worth killing someone just because you don't approve of their ... i simply used hitler as an example because of the fact that he chose to purge germany of all the bad elements that were causing the problems . hitler purged not only jews , but also gypsies , ... i watched the movie so i am familiar with the concept . i believe it would prove to be a horrible idea . the wealthy would employ armies of armed badasses to protect them . the middle-class would ... i played baseball , football and track in high school . tae kwon do i have been a competitive shooter in multiple disciplines for over 30 years . none of the entj's that i know are into subtleties . they are direct and to the point . if you want to give them a message , just say it . you will gain their respect as well as their attention if you ... i vote for bourbon ... nothing quite as good as good sippin bourbon to take the edge off after a hard day . i typically interact well with the other nt types . however if they start going down hypothetical rabbit holes i lose patience pretty quickly . sometimes you have to work to keep them on point so ... every member of every team gets a trophy ... just for participating . we don't need to keep score ... i can't believe i just said that ... i'm going to need to be excused now . i had a normal childhood . grew up on a small farm . lots of hunting , fishing , outdoorsy stuff . oldest child , had a younger sister . i am proud to be an american even if i am not proud of some of ... well , i grew up in the midwest and the southern us . i live just outside kansas city now . the midwest is great , especially like the folks in the rural midwest . very down to earth . even in the bigger ... define who you want to be . define what you want to do . plan on how to become the person you want to be . plan on how to do what you want to do . execute plans . now you are happy . my business partner and i are both entj . we have a wonderful professional relationship and we are extremely close friends . we have never had a cross word . i think entj's can have very productive ... let me know what you want done . don't tell me how you want it done ... i will determine the most effective way of getting it done . leave me alone while i am getting it done ... ie don't ... winston churchill is someone i am greatly impressed with . he had a huge impact on the world as we know it ... yet the british kicked him out of office right after the war . he was a prolific ... i am not shy but i will not open up around people whom i don't care to know . is there a point to this rambling dialogue of yours ? do you want some cheese to go with that whine ? life's not fair ... get over it . here's my phone , call someone who cares . '