' listing the things that i'm not procrastinating on would be easier . actually , maybe it wouldn't be , i procrastinate on the things i'm procrastinating on to begin with . like some sort of ... drugs are fucking crazy kids ! i've not used many drugs myself , but i hope this will at least leave an interesting impression on the future generation . constantly , and by constantly i mean hours a day . this isn't a good thing . you shouldn't watch it if you think the movie might interest you , it is the final scene so it would be spoiled . this is the only scene from really the only movie to ever make me cry , so that's pretty ... not sure if this entirely fits the category , but the only band / singer i listen to that has a female lead is arkona . it's pretty good . i only say something if i'm almost certain that they're wrong . if what they're saying sounds like bullshit , i probably won't say anything if i don't know the topic intimately . if i don't know the ... outrageous , i like nicholas cage so much i have a chrome extension that makes every picture on every page a picture of him . i can safely say that seeing his face everywhere has made me a happier , ...  michael - psychopath franklin - psychopath trevor - psychopath i'm sorry , but it seems it would be quite difficult to discern their types when the only traits they display with any frequency are ... 83350 no i don't , i have tried it a few times , mostly when drunk . it's not bad , but i don't see why anyone would take it up as regular hobby , drinking's not bad either but i wouldn't do it every day . i ... assuming we didn't fail of course , fear of an unknown enemy ( so aliens ) could be a pretty good motivator . we wouldn't even need to meet them , just discover some alien ruins on mars or something . ... modern history was the easiest and most interesting to me , all history interests me a lot , it's one of my few passions . i don't know if it says anything about me , other than that i like history ... to say that getting a gun in australia is be extremely difficult would be an understatement , so no , i don't own any and i've never fired one . i wouldn't mind learn to shoot and maintain a gun ... since ' unsure ' isn't an answer , i can't answer the poll . : tongue : why is there not this option ? probably true , but i'm not scientifically literate enough to actually make a judgement . i guess i would just side with the overwhelming number of scientists who ... doesn't matter what you think of the game , it had damn good music . bowing seems a little too much , maybe i can just nod in her direction , briefly acknowledging her existence before promptly forgetting about her again ? i know a couple of people who like her , i've ... i answered australasia because i didn't see australia was on the list . same region , so i guess it doesn't matter much though . more likely the fool will convince himself he's become wise . how difficult would you say it is to get to know you ? not very , once i become comfortable with a person , i'll talk quite a bit roe easily with them . how much do you hold back ( and why ) ? certain ... as good as the destruction of the north korean regime would be , it would likely kill millions in a short period of time . north korea possesses one of the world's largest stockpiles of chemical ... holy crap , this is me exactly : shocked : 1 ) do you see the law as an obstacle for your autonomy ? sure , but it's necessary . 2 ) in the event where the law did not exist for all people , do you think you would have autonomy ? i guess , ... 81250 into the trash we go . ah , yes i have those problems too , still no effective solution . 81125 nah , unless it looks weird or feels strange , i'm using it . i've never bothered to go for a third test to see whether something is usable . life is like an iron anvil that permanently smells of fart , and keeps trying to fall on you . come equipped with a helmet and pray that you're lucky . how can you ' think ' of objects or concepts without words ? maybe i'm just one of those stupids , but i don't understand . i will have to try this . 80683 i don't really have a problem with emotions or feelings , we all have them . what i do have a problem with is when people value emotions over logic when it comes to making important decisions , ... red pill obviously , it is better to know the truth even if that truth is painful to know or accept . what isn't hitler related to , really giovanni salvatore - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia santi severino e sossio , naples - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia naples - wikipedia , the free ... one of the best colour , looks great on flags and women's clothing , and women's clothing made from red flags . it's the only bright colour i like , otherwise i'll stick with things like black and white , ...  i guess hot , i was under the impression that cold fusion is quite unlikely to be possible . i think i've heard of the board game before , i never looked into it too much before though . my interest in world war 2 is probably a little more than passing too apparently the last thing i wiki'd was about waffen-ss foreign volunteers and conscripts , i got there from reading about the french ss division charlemagne , and i got there from ... i don't remember , i ... plebeian please , fusion power better become a viable reality . i might just do an eichmann and ask for a bottle of dry red wine . i don't think i could stomach a meal before my impending execution . i'd ask for beer , but i'm not sure it would be strong enough to ... not sure where you could go with that , fair skin has been preferred in cultures for thousands of years , cultures that have never even had contact with europeans . good ol ' if day never ceases to amuse . if day - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i think we should all hold one nowadays , except instead of nazis invading , it could be aliens , or if you ... i always thought the medal of honor series was a good example of excellent video game music . i chose three favourites from my three favourite medal of honor games . ... pretty much all of the strangest and funniest theories i've ever heard of come from this guy . if you haven't heard of david icke before , you need not ask , he is indeed serious about everything on ... '