' i'd eat many fruit , japanese / other asian food , some nordic stuff + seafood and yes , it can be 1 style of food because it's actually - fish + seafood , vegetable and fruit thing only . * and of course ... jaune valjaune i want to type you too :P xstp , istp i'm 80 % sure smart kid is the best kid . kindness is easier to learn beause i learned it myself somehow while lacking that quality as a child . but i'm entp shitposter who found interesting post here , didn't vote ... - here i've found sth like that : 677834 6778 42 but can't find any other functions . i'd be cool if anyone would find any more of theese or other meme / doodle ... infx ? intp i think questions from questionaire xd 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? - today i realized : that i'm not interested in everything , because my brain is more practical than ... why not all accept the last one ? i'd love to travel without having my own place yet i need to finish school first and find out how can i do that without killing myself . and how to mix that with science , misticism and living life ... the universal puprose does not exist for me . biology gave me some clues , but hey ... how for can one get with fu * king ? higher purpose - god choose you like a pokemon - no thank you self-made goals ... ' getting my degree ' but i look for some love and fun too :P i need to work out first . i had 10kg muscles below the norm , now it's ok finally , but it took me 2 years . classical music concerts + opera if it counts only . i've never seen any real concert - metal / rock etc . but i want to . 677650 have a selfie . in polish - kawiarenka osobowości i do ask for help if it's considered normal , so i can be even lazier , but i help others too . but i don't care who does more . i'm entp - relatable = intp , enfp , intj because it's about clothes . we are all naked the same way , i think . and it's prohibited to go out naked , i guess . hahaha yes , i didn't notice that , * edited . thank you . please , reply only if you're intp . : > by replying you agree that i can use this data * without names etc * in further research , on other websites etc . i get all rights to this data , yet the original ... everything , long time ago depression and low self esteem , now sociopathy and narcissism . please , reply only if you're entp . : > by replying you agree that i can use this data * without names etc * in further research , on other websites etc . i get all rights to this data , yet the ... enfp ? entp can be too lol - after all these years ... not really but that long time ... my post is still in use - troll account was useful for others ? welp 1 . i experiment on myself - ... i forgot - i know that one . and i agree . :) anything alike things in the title is ok . like monsters ( inside or outside ) , crazyness ... what do i already know : ... no to alcohol , yes to drugs long time ago , while i've been watching anime - i remember a scene where a character from fairy tail sacrificed herself to reverse time ... and her whole life was worth 1 minute . ! she saved many ... rango - ? enfp ( i'm nearly sure here ) beans - ? ixfj priscilla - ? ? i meant 10-1 % ^ ^ ; sorry percent of time spent in x place ^ ^ ; and yes , thank you - at home 90-99 % 10-1 % ( no school included ) - parks - forests - malls - anywhere walking - shops with yogurts - bookstores - garden - theatre - long time ago , now i have noone to go with ... no . i try to go out once a 1-3 days . and i exercise every day . faith dies last . i said i can't . so i stalk forum , because i can't make myself move and do something . ( writing hurts too btw ) hi . :) yeah . many cool people here . :) i've no idea what's happening to me . i'm telling myself that's normal , but i feel it's not . and it's getting worse . it has started about 5 years ago . when i walk up i feel sleepy . all day ... it may be because i'm not sure if i'm infj or enfj with social anxiety / with every other kind of anxiety / who has no courage / is highly influenced and fragile in a house that lacks energy ( people inside ... ah ... thank you for response . :) what do you do , then ? ( may i ask about your job ? ) that's why i'm asking . so ... what's the difference ( something i can see / hear / etc . ) ? mbti type is not the only thing that matters . but it's easier to find an esxj who is unhealthy and annoys others , because some types are more likely to behave in x way when they feel ... internet is full of introverts . maybe that's why . too much e annoys i's and too introverted people are usually not liked by e's . so it's not that e's are hated . but i know an estj who hates ... or just want to believe that strongly that they think they know that s < n . :P what is your myers briggs type ? inxj or enxj which are the myers briggs types you are most attracted to ? enfp , esfp , intp which are the myers briggs types you are least attracted to ? estj , esfj , ... yeah . but why would you even like to change ? it makes sense . and i like it . but . why would infp's like to change into estj's - the ones who they don't like the most ? it's like i don't like evil . i want to be evil . i think it funny anyways . yeah , it's like a getto full of people who are able to understand this poll . when people outside ( like 85 % or even more ) won't have any idea about what i'm talking about . i don't remember him much , but for me he was that creep that comes from nowhere to scare lost little children . so much like my tested infj friend when we're 1x1 . and itachi ... my guess is p . but i ... jesus ... everything is obvious . infj ( cheshire inxj or just inxx , itachi intp ? ) i'll go for infj '