' by the powers , if i were to see another how to get an intj thread ... i might start screaming and reading socrate's apology . i will speak from being with dating one for the last year . yes , ... these are the topics of recent breakfast debates of the last week that are most noteworthy . either the debate over philosophical zombies ... or , the lengthy debate between whether the well ordering ... 1 . constantly make references ... to the same movie ! 2 . say everything with an indefinite reference .. rather then fixed . 3 . tell them that yellow is not a color and prove it . ( rather lolzy ) =) recently , i have been able to get cubase 5 and i have been composing music since . i would appreciate comments and such on each of the songs that i created . my personal favorite is enigma ... ... i have decided after reading countless articles on wikipedia about trolling that my personality is terrible at trolling . intp's are the worst trolls in the world . they are better at saying i love ... it is impossible to be intp and intj at the same time . the may look like fair buddies but we are complete opposites ! ! check the functions and that is where you shall find your enlightenment . i am reading snow falling on cedars ( carl envy anyone ! ? ) and the heart is a lonely hunter right now .. anyone read them before ? basically the same thing .. you have to let him know else he will get his hopes up . and it is perfectly fine being friends but not dating .. and do you know his type ? it is possible that he can't ... what is your name ? what is your favorite color ? what is the capital of assyria ? lol actually for real .. what is the meaning of life ( and not 42 ) ? why do i procrastinate ? first off i must start with a notable quote . be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . - dr . seuss anyways , just say what is ... i have noticed a great lingual irony as of yesterday . i realized if one could not recollect the proper word for a situation and this situation is one that is being stated as of this sentence ( that ... welcome to the forum ! ! ! you guys ( and women ! ) are my favorite people in the world ! ! ! i love all of you ! ! ! alright .. that is all for my <3 infj talk ! ! hope to see you soon ( as in hope you post ... i would agree ! ! i know an infj and they make even me , an intp , squishy ! ! ! i know , division by 0 , 0 to the 0th power moment ! ! but i love infjs so much ! ! ! =) nincompoop n . a silly , foolish , or stupid person . pulchritudinous adj . beautiful puerile adj . childish the pulchritudinous lady acted like a puerile nincompoop to attract my attention . welcome ! ! and don't worry about being shy .. everybody loves infjs ! ! =) when you realize that they have a lot in common with gaston in beauty and the beast ! : laughing : well , since social hindrance will not be a problem - - i am not the only guy doing this right now ... i think that removes one of my chief arguments out of the way .. for now lol ... =) any withdrawal symptoms ? ... no ! the main reason i didn't allocate myself time is because if i did ... my mind would discover every loop hole there was to exist and thereby ruin any chance of ... well guys .. i decided to literally stop playing every video game on my computer . voluntarily ! so , i literally decided to delete every game file off of my computer ! ! i would like to know if anyone ... i listen to the music ... because music defines the context of the lyrics .. lyrics are the frosting of music . nothing more .. i either don't remember or just remember their face .. it is really quite annoying because i make an effort to remember but by the end of the conversation i will forget their name lol . i hope to give a little more then an average hello ! so , welcome to this place called personality cafe .. please consider this before drinking the given coffee .. 1 . coffee may stain your ... well lets compare there functions . intj : dominant : introverted intuition auxilliary : extraverted thinking tertiary : introverted feeling inferior : extraverted sensing entp dominant : ... here is a few shots of humor .. what part of a triangle uses drugs ? the high-pot-in-use ! ( took me 3 minutes to explain this one to someone lol ) this one is dirty but i loved it ... what did ... i will do my best to try and help and hopefully it assists you =) . ~ random thought ~ , i notice you are an enfp .. is it possible that under the amount of stress you're going through that your ... that is very true , to be honest , i believe respect should be based on content of posts rather then post count . and , i would incline to respecting the more senior members ( in term of join date ) . ... thanks a lot ! i am going to say that i am more of an infj academic type . which would leave me as i was .. it fits pretty well because i always mix up with intj and i am like .. it fits so well ! ... if you whisper cookie by an enfp ... you will notice a head turn because of interest in the cookie .. if you talk about cookies ... prepare to be stalked til you give the cookie if you have a cookie ... i'm taking the following .. with the great comments .. in case anyone was wondering , i will no be disclosing what school i am at .. but i will say , that in my state , it is the hardest high-school to ... i am currently pondering about paradoxes and probably about to go to bed lol .. for example .. if ignorance is bliss then why is everyone so miserable ? hey , i am relatively curious about my personality type because i can't pin down my type .. i take the test and it says intj but it doesn't fit me completely . lets begin with a nice long list about ... i never second guess myself i think . but i do triple guess myself at least once a day . : sad : i would have to vote that it would firstly be an entj or an esfp ... esfp because of the great panic and as previously stated ... and entj since heshe would be attempting to lead myself into ... i can kind of relate to this ... only i used to be like this in 8th grade . it was like being an introvert in an extrovert's body . it sucks ... anyways , not more then the previous advice given .. i ... hey everyone ! i decided to write an exceptionally boring introduction since everyone enjoys introductions ! anyways , as the title might imply , i am a computer sorta guy . i also am a lover of random ... '