' yes . i can go for a long time without leaving my house , but i do require sunlight and occasionally some form of socialization . my least favorite job so far was working at a call center , where either ... it depends . i do random stuff or normal on most days , i do comfortable if i can get away with it , and i do super dressy . it depends on the occasion and how i feel that day . i'm not sure i can fathom the perspective of jealousy . envy , yes , but not jealousy . i understand the societal requirement , however , i think in some places work takes too much priority . the point of work is to survive , but then what is there to survive for ? for this reason , any ... people are always so surprised when i say that i like boring jobs . i actually only did people i would call friends , in order to not have to include my family and family friends whose types i have figured out , since i didn't really make the choice to get to know ... entjs are fantastic matches . it's been about six years since i started dating the one i'm married to now . stuff gets done , everyone tends to agree or rationally reach a compromise , no one feels ... let's see ... naturally i get along pretty well with my brother who is an entp . i am married to an entj . my best friend since childhood is an enfj . we belonged to a circle of friends who were : ... i just remembered two more from jonathan strange and mr norrell . though few of you are likely to have read t , i think childermass and lacelles are two different kinds of intps . lascelles is probably ... : o i can't believe i forgot cc . i love cc . i need to watch that again . i haven't seen it since it first came out and i didn't get very far when i switched to the manga lol . i actually had to google annie attack on titan to recall who she is ... i appreciate several people on here just ' cause . i feel an inclination to specifically mention stathamspeacoat and jamaix for reasons that are unclear . probably i have had multiple conversations with ... one of these : the picture of dorian gray dawn of wonder watership down i was depressed when i read dorian gray and nearly so with watership down , so i am not actually sure how they measure up ... spiders . just kidding . the most terrifying concept to me these days is fear itself . i have always tried to be fearless ( capable of overcoming any fear that might plague me ) but one time i ... i've noticed more men with female , i think ... i don't know . i know it has confused me a few times . but then , i have a bison , and i'm sure that doesn't appear particularly feminine . intp the best for me was to be asked to do something fun with just the other person before any confessions were made , and then confession during said activity . i don't think i ever told anyone ... is that where that comes from ? most of my ancestry is from sweden lol . though i could get away with normal sizes until after i had my kid . i thought i had escaped that doom but a few weeks after he ... l from death note is sometimes typed as an intp , and i think it's probable . i like the way he states things outright to his suspect . i would do that . most of us are a little more aware of our ... idk that you would want to maintain contact , but like others have said , he probably likes you as a person , and is hesitant to do anything that might cause you a negative emotional reaction . but he ... 10 wide , flat arches my feet look like paddles in flats lol . plus they cramp up without arch supports and flats with arch supports look clunky . but i can run in heels , no problem ! still , i have ... i haven't dressed up in a while because i am extremely vain and i don't think i am close enough to my potential to be showing off . but i have enjoyed it when i was good enough . i used to ... ah yeah i know what you mean . my husband is an entj and is a bit like your husband . he is a little softer now than he used to be but i wonder how that will be when our son is older haha . yes , ... haha i wasn't really sure what you were replying to but no worries i love privacy , but not secrets . i hate arguing . but i grew up with entps that force me into arguments every now and then . my brother is bad at it , so he usually just gives up , but my mom will argue you into a state of confusion ... i second the don't worry about a b comment . my mom was also an entp and it was always best when she let me do my thing . i already had the desire to appear intelligent . i didn't care so much to be ... eryngo my problem is more that i get absorbed in what i am saying and i don't get off at the moment . i am thinking of setting a specific time during the day , for like 30 minutes . but so far the ... i wouldn't complain because if i had any willpower , i wouldn't be on here much at all . but it would probably be bad for the forum . the issue with this discussion is that you severely lack an understanding of christianity , and therefore are lacking my perspective . i understand very much why you appreciate atheism and do not find ... i understand that this is the way you see it . but you're still missing the hope , because the hope i am speaking of is not found in more knowledge and exploration of the greater universe . the hope i ... i have found that learning about mbti has helped me considerably in that matter because i spent most of my life attempting to connect with other people on an emotional level . it was quite ... what do you mean ? yes . i haven't seen many intp christians on here . ah , yes , that is what i thought you were thinking if you weren't being sarcastic . and then i didn't get your following statement , probably because i didn't know where you were coming from regarding ... this was what i asked my mom when i was eight years old and she told me i would miss all of the miracles . that was actually sort of true . i became a christian that day with the intent of seeing huge ... i actually have no idea what point you were making . if i read more , i would find hope in most religions and / or atheism ? i thought i saw somewhere that you are christian , so it didn't make sense to me ... harry potter series ender's game the giver the phantom tollbooth the bartimaeus trilogy jurassic park jonathan strange and mr norrell watership down howl's moving castle lord of the rings reclusion by anberlin for some reason i can't post video links - _ - although i would like to know all things , it is ok not to because ... it is true that i have not yet amassed all knowledge . certainly every belief , whether passive or aggressive , causes discord . calling religion a placebo doesn't alter the fact that atheism is no different from anything else , because regardless of whether ... but that is still based in your opinion . some people will disagree with you about how to get there . look at science : there are all kinds of facts discovered every day and every time , several ... i think you are still missing my point . what makes it undesirable ? why is it undesirable ? why does it matter that it is undesorable ? science does not say anything is undesirable or desirable . an ... my husband and i discourage overnight guests . i mind some surprise visitors , and others i enjoy . but overnight is usually not great . i didn't fall in love with mine until after i felt fully comfortable with him , as in , we had to actually agree on things that were important to us . it has been very important that we continue to ... i joined to ask some questions about mbti back when i didn't know much about it . now i just enjoy discussing various topics that interest me , which is a brain-sharpening way of wasting my time ... i'll go ahead and pull this part of my quote out : science and morality are two different things . you can study morality , you can study how to stabilize chaos , but what is the point of it ? the ... actually , you are saying exactly what i am . i am not intending to claim that you are fleeing morality , simply that you feel freed under the mindset that you do not feel you need a god , because you do ... this is a great example . this is you opinion on the truth , but there is no objective way to determine that it is merely a scientific study of humankind . furthermore , calling it research is still ... i am on facebook but i would have deleted my account ages ago if certain people didn't keep me there . anyway , intps are super vain , as in , just as vain as every other person of other types . we ... '