' he's moving on because he feels that he's accomplished what he set out to do in the first place : get us talking , engaging in dialogue about being istj that he's learned through the years , and seeing ... there's something about knowing how to cook my own meals that makes me feel good . it help keeps my mind occupied , away from some of the unpleasant events that happened earlier this year . i just ... when i was together with my ex-girlfriend , she pointed out to me that crossing my arms while ordering food in a restaurant could be construed as me being rude or standoffish at the least . in terms of ... ever since i moved back to california , i've been using what i've learned . i've been talking to my friends more often , sharing what i'm feeling with my parents , and making sure i'm actually seeing the ... i feel good because i just found out that my new ps3 is able to participate in the folding @home project of stanford university , a distributed computing project meant to simulate protein folding for ... i had a conversation with a friend earlier . i ended up talking about daylight saving time with him and like i usually do when i'm recalling whether or not i had told a friend something or not , i said ... i feel good because i just finished eating a bowl of udon noodles in a broth i made by tweaking a recipe i saw online . ip law , with an emphasis on patent law . to me it would be interesting to see all the crazy shit that people propose for a patent . all the paperwork involved in essentially saying , ur idea suks lol ... last night i had a talk with my parents about a bunch of troubles that we were having much earlier in the year ; troubles that had years of building up due to a combination of me not wanting to say ... my avatar comes from a sonic the hedgehog fancomic i found to be hilarious , mainly due to the facial expression of the character . as for my user name , it's a legacy one for me because i've been using ... did i ever feel more mature as child compared to my peers ? no . i felt more knowledgeable and more intelligent in the sense of why can't you answer this simple question ? ' halite ' is the term used for ... i use one plate for most of my meals , though i keep the items separate from each other . with the cultural background i come from , this means that i keep my rice separate from the rest of the meal . i ... i agree that school can get monotonous . with my own fantasy , i started off with the ideas for me / my character about 12 years ago , back when i was in eighth grade . i say me / my character because ... to me , i think the fact that you fantasize as a hero is rather mundane really , since i would imagine that a good deal of people do something similar . in other words , you're human . as for the ... when you hug this particular istj man , he likes them . at worst , he is not apprehensive to them . as it turns out , i'm a fairly affectionate person , which is something my ex pointed out to me . while ... in my mind i was thinking in the sense of habitual manipulation as portrayed on this webpage : dealing with manipulative people . i would say that manipulation , whether it's active or passive-aggressive , is something that is a relationship breaker for me . doing something like that , with the implication that if certain things ... winter , autumn , spring , summer . as you can see , i don't really like heat all that much . an exception is if the heat is tropical , like guam or hawaii . temperatures in those two places hold a special ... i take it that this is a television channel . if it is , what channel is it ? i like playing video games . bicycling is also a fun thing to do too . another thing i do for fun is share video links with friends of mine and discuss how stupid / funny / profound / etc . they happen to be . i always read the manual for things , even if it is something i would easily be able to figure out just by using it . my reasoning is that there may be something in the manual that isn't obvious to ... i've been practicing on backtracking my way through my thoughts and asking myself why i feel the way i do for a few months now . the way i would backtrack before is that i would do so , and either ... wow . i just watched the clip . i know i would have said the exact same thing or at least said something along those lines if i was in that sort of situation . what i was going to contribute has ... it's as if though you're describing the story of my life when it comes to learning things . i've referred to it as being used to being an instant expert in things and when that doesn't happen , i get ... i do this too . for me , rather than detract from the experience i find that it enhances it because i can laugh about the odd inconsistencies in the movie while still enjoying the movie for what it is ... something that always bothered me about learning about infps is the fact that while many things are internalized with them ( thus the stereotype of them having their head in the clouds ) , when it comes ... at the time of this writing i'm 25 years old . i was first exposed to the mbti when i was 15 , which was when i found out that i was an istj person . i found it amusing that one of my recommended jobs ... ab ... dc , istj male here . the length of the ellipsis shows the distances among what i tend to do . both d and c are far removed from what i usually do so they usually don't ... you're welcome . some of the questions had me going , what the hell does this even mean ? ( or worse ) so i definitely knew that i had to put down not me for those questions . others had me going , ... note : i'm comfortable sharing this because this doesn't involve any personal details other than my own thoughts . what prompted these thoughts was the idea of authenticity as well as the idea ... as it turns out , the test was also testing your understanding of what the questions meant to you . i quote the author of the page , bold emphasis added on my part : therefore the results you got are ... while i haven't been writing much in terms of creativity , i have started to keep logs of what i've been thinking and reading about , as well as the plans i have for myself in terms of change . it's ... i am a 25 - year-old male . extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 14.9 ) unused introverted sensing ( si ) * * * ( 58.9 ) excellent use ... quoted for truth . sometimes when i'm reading up on emotional intelligence , i get wary . this is because i think to myself , do i really want to give myself over to the full gamut of emotions we humans ... something i found out over the past several days is that i can be so obsessed with control over my emotional reactions that i end up doing the opposite and they bleed over , so to speak . as in , my ... what are your religious beliefs ? i am an atheist . what is your political party ? i am located in the united states . it depends on the circumstances and the candidates , though i am less likely to ... i hardly ever get sick . for example , the last time i got the flu was over five years ago . colds usually amount to a case of the sniffles and sore throat ; symptoms which are mild by the way . i guess ... i've never been thought of as an asshole . boring , cold , or taciturn perhaps , but never an out-and-out asshole . negative aspects ... i've read things about how infp people can get into ruts due to a combination of the negative aspects of their personality . namely the taking of a martyr mentality , the keeping of ... like with most things , i tend not to express jealous feelings at the moment , whether on my face or in my words . this sort of thing usually happens when a mutual friend of ours is making her laugh ... i'm the sort of person who finds it unnecessary to clap after every performance . i think it devalues the whole concept of complimenting if i do that and i , personally , am not impressed . i think to ... huh , water in the form of plasma . that's pretty cool i think . that's also different but not surprising considering where they found the water . it seems like they've found a portion of space with the ... i think that makes sense . ultimately , it doesn't matter . here's something to think about though : we're not ultimate beings , we're human beings . so it does matter in another sense , because it matters ... you're welcome . as for the type of work i do , i work best as a general office clerk with customer service skills . those were the skills i gained in my previous job after all , though i am looking ... i wonder about it all the time . there's a sense of amazement whenever i think about how vast the universe is and how it's been going on long before we came in existence and how it'll likely go on ... the scale he came up with goes from 1 to 7 where one means , and i quote : strong theist . 100 per cent probability of god . in the words of c . g . jung , ' i do not believe , i know . ' whereas 7 ranks as ... when i'm on the receiving end of hearing about problems , i default to listening and asking questions for clarification . depending on the person , they feel better that i understand ( at least a little ) ... in my case , it depends on the sort of interruption . task-wise , i don't mind interruptions too much , as long as you let me know ahead of time that you're going to interrupt me . this could range ... in my case , i do not think of myself as having no emotions . on the contrary , i do have them , and sometimes very strong ones . i wouldn't have been able to fall in love if i had no emotions , for ... there are two answers to this for me . the first one is based solely on the descriptions about them i read on mbti and mbti-related websites ( which is why i find the descriptions to be lacking and not ... '