' i often listen to music that mirrors my mood . i have found that this further intensifies my mood , which is bad when i am in a painful mood and i listen to self-defeating music . i have recently been ... iron man - entp thor-esfp ( possibly estp ) hulk-intp captain america-isfj black widow-istp hawkeye-istj valentine's day wasn't as great this year as i was hoping . i ended up drinking some wine and listening to a love station on pandora while hoping for better future celebrations . it's a blessing that takes a lot of hard work and focus to appreciate properly . it can easily feel overwhelming and burdensome at times , but the way of thinking it grants you is priceless . can't wait , if your name is truthful then i'll see you on the infp board . love infps . it was hard ! i remember the first time i felt sadness after i got my feelings back , it was just a crashing wave of despair , because i was no longer used to it . i had felt a shade of sadness , of ... yes , i used to do this often . unfortunately , it got to the point where i couldn't figure out how to turn them back on . but i'm back on track now . so i'd be careful about doing this too much . hey everyone , i'm at a point in my life where i really wanna go out and experience the world , especially meeting new people and making friends . i was wondering if there was anyone who had tips for ... hello all ! i'm an infj 5w4 who used to be on here a long time ago , but sort of fell off . i wanted to come back and say hello , participate in some discussions , and make some good friends . feel free to ... type 6 ? interesting , i haven't read that one much . i'll check it out . is there anyone who would also call this more 6 than 1 or 2 ? thank you for your response :) if you wouldn't mind listening to these either ? do they sound more 1 or 2 ? ... god , i love ne . i wish i had it . ni is cool in that it can find symbolism behind a single idea , but it can't match the quantitative ferocity of ne . it's the most alluring function in my opinion for ... let me speak from the perspective of an infj man . when i see a potential romantic interest , the first thing i do is get to know her . i want to learn who she is deep down . in my mind , i have a ... :( sorry to hear that , man . feel free to talk with me :) if you like , of course . lawl , why doesn't that surprise me ? well , ill definitely check there , then . nice to meet you ! i'm an nf as well ( not that we're rare here , lol ) :) what ethnicity did you bond over , if you ... * shakes hand * a pleasure :) thank you for sharing . do a lot of people hang out here in the general forum ? hey everyone ! i'm a pretty casual perc poster , i tend to stay in the type forums . but , i'd also really like to meet some friends on here that are as into mbti as i am ( and are also just chill ... ... is this how you see the world ? last night i had a dream it was my 13th birthday , although i still had the mentality of the nineteen year old that i am . i invited my entire class to my birthday party , which was being taken place in ... how do you know he's an infj ? because he told you so ? ignore it . people for some reason like to call themselves inxjs . did you type him that way ? if so , and you're confident that you're correct , then ... thank you everybody for reaching out to me in my time of need :) i've been gone because i've been hanging out with some friends ever since i posted this thread . it was such a joy to come back and see ... well said , thank you for that . just one more reason why jung is so impressive . i love ted talks ! i just discovered them last semester from my philosophy professor . and thank you ... it's such a beautiful place , you know ? i just don't understand why this world can't be the same as mine . people are constantly hurting others , and for what ? what is so important that it requires ... hey everyone , it's one of those nights where it's really hard to be an infj . it's like i ( irrationally ) feel completely alone in the world . i feel like reality will never come close to the way i ... unfortunately , i've only seen half of the movie , but i was blessed enough to see that scene . i was literally jumping around out of sheer badassery after it . good evening brothers and sisters . i was spending some time thinking about my most beautiful infj fantasy , and i thought some here may enjoy it , so i figured i'd share a cliffnote version . the ... i'm not sure childish would be the most correct word . i see infps as childlike , and it's something i really treasure about them . because of their lead fi , they're hyper-aware of what they want , when ... a serpent for me . misunderstood as a bad guy , able to see the best way to go about things even if it's not what the most popular decision would be . quiet , introspective , but will put on a show when ... this is a typing thread for the ten guilds of ravnica , from magic : the gathering . if you don't know anything about mtg , you should check it out ! it's a pretty fun game and the philosophy of the ... when i first discovered mbti , i tested as an intj . this is , as was previously stated by theosophie , that i was not actually a thinker ; i was simply repressing my emotions . as i grew up , went to ... it can definitely happen , but usually the infj is unhealthy at the time . from a function standpoint , their ni is looking for symbolic meaning in everything , which can be difficult to find in one ... nothing is ever rock solid at any point , and i promise that you are strong enough to make the change . it's a pretty simple equation in theory : discover what you want + discern the path towards how to ... i scored a 25 . authority : 6.00 self-sufficiency : 2.00 superiority : 4.00 exhibitionism : 3.00 exploitativeness : 4.00 vanity : 3.00 entitlement : 3.00 honestly ? probably a white collar crime spree . nothing where people got hurt , but maybe stock manipulation or things to that effect . also , the standard mansion , eighteen cars , beautiful women as ... i imagine a black and white flag , separated vertically down the middle so that the left side is black and the right is white . in the middle of the flag is a circle , also separated by the vertical ... welcome to the wonderful world of ni , friend . death for me . i see being an infj as constantly changing , shedding your old skin and being born anew . in that same way , death is about changes . i feel like every night that me dies and a newer , ... i think the fact that you guys slept together is more important than it may seem . you say that you're going to get together with him for the sixth time , and that you initiated dates four and five ... yes ! bring the enfp and we shall have a cavalcade of intuitive enjoyment ! weather gets surprisingly cold , actually . it's not unusual for it to drop into the 40s or even the high 30s during the ... 4:29 i really wish i knew an enfp in real life . hey ! i should go check out their thread . and here i am :) i'm feeling really happy today . i think it's important for people to remember what they have and remember to bask in it's unconditional beauty and love . i've been doing that tonight and it's a ... when i was younger , me and my isfj best friend would hang out every day during recess . every day , i would want to play some imaginary games , but he would want to play football . however , being an sj , ... 46265 hey everyone , creevy here . i'm eighteen ( my nineteenth birthday is in three days ) from saint augustine , florida . i'm currently in school pursuing a ba in psychology , with plans to go to grad ... dude , you shoulda seen the rack on this girl i banged last night . i told her i was pre-med . pre-med , of all things ! she couldn't get undressed fast enough ! what ? no , of course i'm not going to call ... aura lol , calculated pragmatism aside , i meant they aren't worthless to the test takers :p actually , i think the way it works is that the percentage tells you how strongly you are leaning towards introversion . so , you could think of the range going from 0-200 % , and you start at 100 ... '