edward is an xxx . ix92m definitely an n then . when i was a little kid i didn ’ t have an imaginary friend – i had an imaginary gymnastics class . weird thing was , most of them were total bitches – there was only one girl in the class that i ... i think i generally come off as very cold and distant , and usually quite ‘ weird ’ . also a bit stuck up if someone tries to impress me or flirt with me . i also seem to appear very serious . not one ... i don't mind it . i've always been too introverted to really notice that i'm a freak ... ix92ve never really given it much thought , but now it occurs to me that i probably think best while wandering or pacing . that does present a problem when i need to work though ... i'm 16 years old . not the youngest , but still . i also have hazel eyes that change colour . it depends on whether the light is artificial or natural . i'm not sure if i make eye contact or not though i suspect i don't . when someone has their face close to mine while talking , or when they persistently try to make eye contact , i find it incredibly ... brisbane , as it appears in wikipedia ix92ve been at a private catholic girls school for the past three years where they wanted everyone there to be an esfj . as an intp , this is simply something i cannot do . they promoted love , caring ect ... sophie's world by jostein gaarder . i'm the type of person who has a lot of trouble answering this sort of question . i'm considering stealing thewindlistens ' answer . it's close enough ... it varies . it's currently english with music coming in at a very close second . my least favourite subject is maths . big five test results extroversion 18 % orderliness 20 % emotional stability 62 % accommodation 36 % inquisitiveness 78 % rcuei atheist / agnostic tendencies , unconcerned with public image , ... i do that too , or i just find old stuff i haven't seen in a while and get completely distracted . either way i don't get much tidying done . i think that procrastination is probably more of an np thing – absent-mindedness and disorganisation aren ’ t a good combination , but it could really be attributed to any type . i know i ’ m certainly a ... i like wikipedia x96 i am constantly researching things and wikipedia is an excellent starting point . teachers don't usually mind you using wikipedia for assignments as long as you have other ... i reckon that you're an infp . i felt like i did too . i also identified with piggy to some extent , though ix92m not a target like he was . this is going by how the characters were at the beginning of the book . dilapidated things look more real and have a certain je ne sais quoi . what does doing anything accomplish ? yes ... interesting ... when it's cold , grey and rainy . yes - i have never wanted to grow up . i knew how good i had it as a kid and didn't want anything to change . aries and rooster . i don't mind instrumental music but i don't particularly enjoy classical . in a crisis , listen to the main character – they ’ re always right . always make important decisions with your heart – your head doesn ’ t know anything . if ever you need to make a long , heartfelt ... if only ... i normally flair up at completely pointless , insignificant things . like people who say that fishes aren't animals , or what button on ties should be called . also everything on snowqueen's list . i wanted to be a vet and live in a round house and take the chairlift to work . must ... drink ... coffee ... my clothes are very plain - jeans and a very plain t-shirt . i don't like to wear skirts because i find them impractical - the only skirts i own are for my school uniform and i usually wear those with ... my handwriting is very small , messy and sort of spindly looking . basically it's illegible , especially when i'm in a hurry . on written exams i have to print if i want it to be marked . actually my mum was always trying to feed me really healthy , nutritious food . i just didn't like it . when i was about nine i became a vegetarian . it was not a good choice for me - i got sick . anyway , with some prodding from my mother , i realised that humans are meant to eat meat - it's part of the ... lurkers unite ! welcome . ps just seem a lot more relaxed and ' go with the flow ' than js do . js always seem to want to know what's going to happen . i think it's just a cutsie way of drawing rosy cheeks . i don't think anyone thinks anything about me . no one notices me . i don't get it . is there some other form of intercourse that i'm unaware of ? always remember that you are unique , just like everyone else . i'm even shy online . i'm happy with being an intp and it describes me very well . confusing intersection i love to argue . people can say almost anything to me and i'll argue against it , unless i end up arguing a point that i strongly disagree with . i argue about almost everything with people i know ... sometimes i'll start talking to myself , or more start thinking aloud , and i'll end up having a conversation with myself about how insane i must sound talking to myself . i play piano , and i'd like to learn bass guitar but i don't think i'll ever get around to it . the megalomaniac . hmm ... i'm not really the world domination type .