' live , dead thread ! liiive ! i have a handy chart for all your mbti villain needs . i need to go back and adjust the color on estp . so , sorry about that . two things here . first of all , jefferson didn't support slavery . he wrote against it and was constantly trying to come up with ways to cripple the industry . his most ambitious attempt at this ... okay , so for reference , here's the last comment on the discussion of whether twilight sparkle is an infp . i have her typed as an intp , and this is generally the most common typing assigned to her ... okay , so for reference , here's the last comment on the discussion of whether twilight sparkle is an infp . i have her typed as an intp , and this is generally the most common typing assigned to her ... if you're like me , you've found yourself analyzing and trying to type various characters , celebrities , historical figures and people you know . and since none of us are carl jung or myers or briggs , ... i hope this isn't limited to tv shows , because i do analyses of animated characters . the latest : moana - entj . 621578 please see this link for my reasoning . i have a whole chart ready for you ! 621570 and a link to my reasoning for each type . my opposites are istp and estj . none of my siblings are those types . crane style is the style of kung fu that i think would be most suited to me , so i like the idea of crane being an infp like myself . though viper is my favorite of the furious five . another ... haven't analyzed them all yet , but off the top of my head , i'd guess ... tigress : istj ( she was raised by shifu , after all ) monkey : entp ( creative , fun loving , awkward ) crane : infp ( was in a ... i completely agree . shifu , by contrast , is an istj to the max . that's why po rubbed him the wrong way from the very start . judy's focus does look a bit like ni at first , but she lacks other aspects of ni that make it what it is . she relies more on what others have said and done before her , rather than on her own gut ... typing fictional characters is fun . well , this thread is for typing characters from animated films and tv shows . let's start with one of the most recent : disney's zootopia . truth be told , i need ... reality is a lovely place , but i wouldn't want to live there . - owl city when i became a man , i did away with childish things . including the very childish notion of wanting to appear so very ... i'm a writer and a fandom geek , so several characters come to mind simultaneously when i think of a given type . infp - father mulcahy from m * a * s * h , hiccup from dreamworks ' how to train your ... another thread asked your opinion of and how you get along with your opposite type ( mbti and functional ) . so i have another question for you : what do you think of your mirror type , and how well ... my conflict type is supposed to be the estp , but my opinion of them is very mixed . i have two characters who are infp and estp , and they get along swimmingly , for the most part . one of my ... so what are your thoughts on the enfp ? simba is frequently typed an enfp because of what appears to be an si grip , broken by an appeal to fi ( remember who you are ) , but i have also read a compelling analysis typing him as an estj . same ... mom - enfj dad - istj brother - esfj sister - esfp brother - enfp my type : like other inxps , i have a love / hate relationship with my auxiliary ne . it's both incredibly useful and incredibly distracting . i love being an idealist , as i feel my type is the most ... based on house and brain , i'd say intj , given that they are both fairly typical of that type . don't watch game of thrones . all i know about it is peter dinklage is in it . let them be your guiding influence then , because they are right . and yes , pretty much all of my favorite characters have fi ( my dominant function ) somewhere in their function stack . the only ... i know nothing of anime , but i find judgers are more likely to enjoy anime due to its uniform style . perceivers prefer uniqueness , and thus are less likely to be drawn to a style that is the very ... as some of you may be aware already , there is a facebook page for this . i can't link to it on my tablet , but the page is called mbti convention . its profile pic says typecon . fe users and fi users both value harmony and tend to be very compassionate . but fe users focus more on meeting others where they are at morally , while fi users will stand their ground come hell or ... if you're familiar with hogan's heroes , the titular character is an entj . best example of a heroic entj in fiction that i can name off the top of my head . another excellent example is bob parr of ... i have no idea what you mean by that . but if you mean to impugn my honor , i shall have no choice but to challenge you to a camp-off so as to prove my point . you pick the mountain and the season , ... because between the two , abstract and future-thought concepts are easier to put on a written test . tangible concepts require more of a hands-on approach . a true test of a person's intelligence , in ... intuitives tend to score higher on iq tests anyway . i don't think it's necessarily because they are genuinely more intelligent . it has more to do with the fact that iq tests generally cater to ... well , i suppose we can go back through this thread and note the types that have participated so far . that ought to tell us a thing or two . someone pointed out that the xsfjs are rather inactive in ... infp . fictional hero : pick one . the xnfp is very popular for the hero because of that idealism combined with that kid-next-door charm and innocence . although the fictional protagonist i'm ... here's a hypothetical that only your friendly neighborhood nf could concoct : suppose you have 100 dreams that you really want to fulfill in your lifetime . you have them ranked in order of ... you're writing a novel about me ? ? i'm flattered ! ;) that said , you really did just describe a stereotypical infp . heck , one need only read my signature . about the only infp stereotype i don't ... scrooge mcduck . and one of my stories features an intj hero . i do this all the time . i have lists of my fan characters and original characters , and i have types for each of them . infp hero - a cowboy wannabe who romanticizes the cowboy life , but upon ... xstp . if it's not both practical and immediately relevant , they tend not to care about it . second is the esfp . if it's not immediately relevant and doesn't appeal to whatever fad they're currently ... i've a better idea : type our favorite youtubers . each person in the thread types and discusses the youtuber listed above them , then offers one of their favorite youtubers for analysis . rules : ... if there were any correlation at all between the stars and your personality type , only certain types would be born under those signs . but i'm quite certain that between the seven million people who ... estps tend to be the most promiscuous and self-serving . their dominant se makes them focus on the here and now , with a desire to immerse their senses fully in an experience . their auxiliary ti ... my favorite characters of each type : infp - father mulcahy ( honorable mentions to carson beckett , zuko and hiccup ) enfp - hawkeye pierce ( honorable mention to simba and ben the baker of ... i'd be afraid to be an enfj . sure , my mother is one , and she's one of the more behind-the-scenes varieties . but still , xnfjs are rare for a reason . they possess a lot of power , and if that power ... it's true , everyone loves an enfj , whether they should or not . but it has absolutely nothing whatsoever to do with how good an enfj is , and everything to do with the extremely potent combination ... my favorite istps are toph beifong and cpl . peter newkirk . my type : enfp : i intentionally chose the tombstone and ponyzone remix of this , as i feel the audio ... this piece of garbage image upload won't let me post images right now , so have a link . and here's what i said about it ... pride in general is self-love , but it takes different forms . si-doms become prideful when they get stuck in their own established patterns . ni-doms get prideful when they believe themselves to be ... stupid tablet double posted . you only prove my point about the brilliant but lazy trope as it's associated with ne users , you know . you also didn't pay attention to my opening argument : intelligence is what you're capable of ... that is unfortunate . mechanics / architects / engineers / craftsmen ( i've seen the istp called by all of these ) are people who can put things together and make them operational . they are very practical ... '