' i've been quiet but i'm still lurking so i can keep up with all my favorites and learn a bit about the newbs . ( back to lurking ) i had a bit of a meltdown on a friend . she was telling me how happy she was that we were friends and how great our friendship is . i replied with our friendship is great ? ? tell me something about ... 4 hours of listening to peggy lee has made me feel awfully sultry . i quietly took the breaking of the sleds , i knew the risks . though i really couldn't ever imagine breaking someone's property and not trying to compensate in some way . even if it's just a sincere ... but why ? ( don't think i get it because i've been snowed in carless for 3 months ) ( maybe i need it so i can practice so next week won't be so scary - 3 months no driving then thrown behind ... we have a winter olympics here in yellowstone for the employees as sort of a send off and a way to pass the last two weeks . my favorite event is the luge , it's an amazing and fast quarter mile ... just finished 11/22 / 63 by stephen king and i am having a hard time reading anything else because i miss jake and sadie so much . two nights ago i stayed up until 4am listening to a friend that needed an ear even though i needed to work at 6am the next morning . my mom is an infj and my dad is an esfp . i get along with both relatively well , mom can be a bit of a know it all and dad can be just a bit too relaxed and in my space but i love them both deeply . i ... when you need to do something so you find a 1000 other things to fill your day . it's still a productive day , but that one thing that had to be done is still sitting there , waiting for you to complete ... i've had 2 eggie in a baskets . i'm trying to finish everything in my fridge and am down to eggs , bread and cheese ! perhaps i would share with my fellow infps , unfortunately i have as of yet only written in my own hand . if i get motivated to transfer it to this little box i will share some . it feels more real ... 6372763728 6372963731 wishing my beloved home yellowstone national park a very happy 141st birthday ! thank you for 4 years of beauty and wonder . there's no place like home . i'm writing a children's book , mostly set in yellowstone based on the yeats quote - “ the world is full of magic things , patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper . ” ha ! my laziness changed ... wrote two more chapters but i think that every word is rubbish . i wish that i trusted some outside eyes to read them . i don't , so maybe i'll give myself a week and go back to it . wait , wait ... don't tell me - an npr podcast i feel a bit as if i've been stuck in a dream . everything externally seems right and how it always has been but mentally i don't feel like myself . i never feel lonely , though the last few months have ... 63705 i'll show my face some more because i miss all your infp voices in my life . this was taken a bit over a month ago , sporting some victory rolls . since my gram died i have been wearing her old ... i miss you all very much . i promise i'll be back soon to share with you what has kept me away . when you look through photos that a friend took of a two week , 6 person road trip and notice a trend of all kinds of photos of yourself off alone in the distance . 51106 here i am at the great sand dunes national park - - - hotspur & lyssah you need to go it's only 4 hours from you and it's $ 3 to get in and it's amazing . i know of free camping 5 miles from it ... driving around with no destination , soaking beauty up with my eyes is one of my favorite ways to pass an afternoon .  no , the one that tried to take me out was much smaller but much deeper water at it's base . see that white speck under the rainbow ? ? that's me ! ! this is my favorite place , union falls in yellowstone national park :D being an infp i am not very good at planning things , i am fortunate enough to be surrounded by some top notch planners so i'm never left with nothing to do . i am responsible for planning a leg of our ... i nearly died yesterday . i got trapped under a waterfall and was not able to breathe for over 2 minutes . it's really terrifying not being able to get air . i did stupid things like really fight it ... i have made some really poor choices lately , i wish i would just get my head together and figure out what i want . had a pretty sick thing happen to me today . i was at work and a co-worker pulled out his camera and took a photo of my butt . i was blissfully unaware of this all evening when i was called into the ... just got home from an exhausting road trip . drove 10 hours from yellowstone to glacier , stayed two nights , hiked 30 miles and drove the 10 hours back home . i am beat but it was beautiful and amazing ... i had a date take me to a used bookshop and he read to me for hours . all kinds of different books , humor , poetry , the saddest parts of famous classics . it was pretty magical , we stayed together a ... i thought i would really dislike camping without a fire but i was proved wrong . i have a wee backpack stove so i could cook my dinner & b-fast and i brought warm things so i wasn't cold . it's crazy ... whoopsie :) theramona 369 i too do a lot of self sabotage when it comes to relationships because of some issues with commitment and settling down . in my 20s i had a very long term relationship that may have ... it's amazing how awesome sleep can be in my own bed after days of tents and other people's beds . i feel like a new person . why does sleep do that ? must have something to do with it being a small ... true baseball fans theodore : tongue : i always come here with a random thought , read other's random thoughts and forget my own . being brought to tears by a string quartet is always an excellent way for one to start one's weekend . ... ethylester my very infj friend once told me , ' you infp's question who you are so much , you're the only type that i've encountered that will re-test so many times and read other types and say that ... i use chrome , should i switch to firefox ? it's that time of year again , time for me to decide what is next . i believe this is the worst part of my life , i really get anxious when i have to buckle down and really have the next season planned ... hey peterbreter i feel like i haven't seen you for ages ! have you been around and i've missed your boat ? ? hotspur genericuser & whoawhere - have you seen the documentary the century of self ? it's amazing and really goes into how companies monopolized on the psychiatric field in it's early years . warning : ... i have at least one person that i'm 95 % honest with all of the time , i always hold back a bit , not sure why , after 15 years of friendship she has earned 100 % . it sort of creeps me out that ads try to sell me backpacking supplies on here now . it feels like i'm being watched and i don't like it . i've been too afraid to click on the why the new ad thing ... i'm around , my activity just fluctuates based on how often i'm outdoors . i am so glad you're back , your posts were among the first that i related to . this site for me has been more of a place of ... i have many favorites but my standard answer for best book is the razor's edge by maugham for fiction and the people's history of the united states by zinn for non fiction . i love tons but i think i ... i grew up within view of the sea and i always thought that i would forever be a seaside dweller but the longer i am in the mountains the more the mountains give me little bits of sea like behavior ... this stresses me out all the time . i grew up in long beach , ca and they film loads of things there so i'm constantly saying , that's not miami , it's ocean & pine . that's not seattle , it's shoreline ... '