' right , haha i do the same :D mystikro what did you do then ? insanityremix so you did try before , just after many failed trials , you learned hopelessness and kind of giving up on it , but let others to approach you instead . i think the most important thing ... insanityremix so you don't initiate anything at all ? always wait for the woman to make the first move ? are you sure he's infj ? i have doubt for it . lunatics you are right , i feel the same . need to be out of comfy zone , ahhh , it's tough . nomadleviathan what about in the 30s ? still be slow ? or faster ? but slow or faster is relative concept , let's say the exact time frame . how fast would you think it's fast ? 1 month ? broomhead talk about romance but wont ' direct at the person q_q what about after you are in a relationship ? nomadleviathan hmmm , seems like infj men tend to give subtle hints , ' observe / study ' the potential ' partner ' , move like a snail on pursuing the partner , caring and supportive . ohnno it's great that yo did that , haha , it's so romantic :D reasons behind my questions ? hmm , there's an infj guy i like , but i am not sure if he's treating me just as a friend or not . just need ... originalsin i agree with you , since they've already told her beforehand , this bad thing to her is like she created for herself , in another word , she asked for it . things won't change until she ... nomadleviathan , originalsin besides , women release more oxytocin which lead to let the guard down and fall in love with a man after sex , that's a bonding effect . but men's main hormone released ... originalsin i highly recommend her to watch patti stanger's the millionaire matchmaker , the no . 1 rule of dating is no sex before monogamy if she wants a relationship not just sex . i think she ... nightsong it's so beautiful when you write it down , i almost melt . infjs are too often the support side in a relationship . it's better to keep a balance between giving and receiving , otherwise , the ... copper north maybe can try other ways to court along girls ? nomadleviathan it's like a flipped coin , isn't it ? it could be this at some point , but it could be the opposite as well . like receiving and giving , it is the balance that matters the most . originalsin sleeping with two guys the same week ? oh no , how ? ! i mean i am confused by casual sex , the intimacy is like a sanctum for me . there are so many reasons for that of course , and people are ... nomadleviathan 6 months , hmm , faster than 12 months as least :-) i hope you find the right one that can work out for you nomadleviathan thank you for confirming that , the hope is on the rise : laughing : copper north i hope it works for you next time . quiet and discreet , keeping a low profile , it's so subtle . sometimes i hope that infj guys can say it loud too , but maybe it's the charming part about ... nomadleviathan you show your love by paying more attention to her even though you don't say it loud :-) originalsin sorry about your isfj girl's hard time , we all suffer from our own struggles , don't we ? it's part of our life :-) maybe she just needs some more alone time , or maybe sometimes need a ... val 37 thank you for chirping in :-) 10 to 12 months , that's a really long blossom period :-) i've never had relationships that need to take that long to prepare in a relationship . usually guys ... broomhead , hmm , basically you would wait for others to make the first move ? broomhead thank you . i get it now , it's quite an obscure way to show the interest . would you do / say anything directly to that person that you like her ? jesuncolo , so eventually you do say that you are interested directly , thank you for that : happy : deejaz thank you for your ramble :-) jesuncolo , thank you for that . how long that you are gonna wait to tell her you are interested or not ? congrats that you find an infp which is a good match with infj too . making her feel like the center of the universe , could you make some examples please ? thank you . congrats that you find an infp which is a good match with infj too . making her feel like the center of the universe , could you make some examples please ? thank you . great care ... right , it's pretty hard to tell the difference between caring for a friend and caring for the one you really like , especially during the process before there's a relationship . but how ... thank you . so what kind of actions that you usually take ? like giving her gifts ? love letters ? or ... 10 or 11 months ! ! ! seriously ? are there any romantic things that you would do during the 10 months ? thank you . thank you sygma , hmm , a lot of time , like 5 days a week ? does it include writing emails stuff to her ? thanks for sharing your thought . but i am not sure what kind of unusual service that you are talking about ? and what about after you find out the other person's mbti type ? let's say she's infj ... thanks for sharing your thought . but i am not sure what kind of unusual service that you are talking about ? and what about after you find out the other person's mbti type ? let's say she's infj ... thanks for sharing this . hmm , show love by deeds , invite to the place that you feel comfortable with and create things for her , thank you :-) thanks for that . hi all , i am curious about male infjs ' ways to show interest on a girl ? how do you guys express love ? how to tell if an infj male is going to friendzone the person or not before the infj male do any ... let's spread it out , auckland intuitives group hey emilie , why not try to join the auckland intuitives group ? great , another infj in nz ! i am not young as 20s , i had bfs before , but , just , you know , i am just afraid to ask a guy out . i'll wait for them to take the move :-) i was quite reluctant and felt embarrassed to please people when i was younger . but after i read many self-help / psychology books , i gradually learned how to please people without project my own ... what about entp , would entps go out of their way to please people ? i think he likes you :-) i am infj / f in auckland , want to make some friends having similar types . my question is where do infps usually go ? coffee shop ? library ? thank you . great , i like guys having wide shoulders . infj guy sounds amazing , haven't met any guys are infj yet . i think you gave a perfect example of infj guys :-) thank you . dont worry , i am new as well :-) '