' who doesn't become emotional in love ? if not , they aren't in love . istps are less effusive with the i love you . i express more love through actions of thoughtfulness . words are cheap , action ... i tend to observe , no interest in the attention ... or preferably from a distance like a shepherd looking over the flock . the small talk is just white noise . but when something or someone catches my ... i lurk in once in a great while for some fresh content , such as istp porn . but it's mostly younger istps discovering this forum and nuances of shared experiences . and it's cool to bounce ideas ... flirting style . eh ... throw her over the shoulder and back to the cave . no ? too much , too soon ? i usually say something witty from my keen perception . ... probably not in this case . but a ... casual sex is a slippery slope ... slight pun there . when i was younger i could have sex with no meaning because i enjoy the physical pleasure aspect of it . but i've found that the women i have been ... i don't know ... make of it what you will . just saying i can relate strongly to the traits commonly associated to the vikings . i don't watch that much tv but i've gotten caught up in this series . no doubt many a viking was a istp . - fearless warriors and great adventurers . i choose the red pill over the blue pill . religion has no foundation ... its filled with inconsistencies and flat out lies . not really answering your question ... just sitting here at work , thinking out loud . as a guy that works next to me is fairly religious . and i'm surprised at how many religious people there are . i ... trying to force them to take pictures . i'm a information junkie . it's a bitch trying to get myself to break away from the computer . i also used to watch a lot of tv back when the history , science , and discovery channel actually aired ... test yourself , at times be willing to get out of your comfort zone . routines are boring but they are necessary evil . manage your time . don't let fear of failure stop you daniel craig in casino royale agnostic checking in . the only reason i'm not an atheist is because the vast expanse of human knowledge and understanding is so great , no one can claim mastery . so while there is no proof of a god ... i'm not the most sappy guy to say the least and not one to take photographs . but a few years ago i moved out an apartment and left a picture album behind accidentally . it contained pics of when i ... another istp . yep , exact same way . i couldn't handle being around anyone all time time . all the time sounds like codependency . new backpack a jetbeam bc40 flashlight (8 30 lumens ) plane ticket to a country i've never been to i wear a ball cap quite a bit . other styles , practically never . istps are the honey badgers of per . cafe . i'd say you know istps pretty well . istps are naturally in tune with the physical world cruelty - especially to the innocent and to animals getting awakened from sleep ( i like my sleep ) not giving me my space stupid people rudeness / inconsiderateness pool , golf , guitar , archery i'm very content with just a small roof over my head and modest living . freedom to do , to learn , and explore is living to me . my only modern necessities are a internet connection and ... what did you say lesser being ? i kid . sounds like he's in suzy homemaker , married man mode . he sees himself as the mature , responsible adult . you probably are as well ... maybe you live ... any istp i've known i've gotten along well with . we are drama free , give each other enough space , and tend to have similar senses of humor . i can relate . other than a public speaking in front of a large group , i always have quiet confidence . i absolutely despise routines . the monotony drives me insane . yet when i find something that interests me , i can literally spend hours doing the smallest thing . i took up playing golf and i've ... far side home repair automotives understanding the cosmos ( love the science channel and nat . geo ) web design bar-b-que grilling aquaponics i live the majority of time in the present . and i readily admit i'm weak at planning my own future . more specifically , i plan but my follow through has been poor . but when you asked if its hard for ... i'm pretty laid back and not one for conflict . but when pushed i will cut you to the bone with the truth and you'll know it . i don't know .. ipod or something similar . i actually hate for people to spend money on me . i'd rather family or friends keep their money and get something they need or want . besides , i when i ... i really don't even know what my specific type might be . whatever type appreciates who i am . and : allows me time to do my thing can occasionally keep me on task caring but not too clingy ... i've always been this way . the only change i've noticed as i've gotten older , i'm a tad more outspoken . i'm less tolerant of bs . i tend to be motion activated . ontic , i know exactly how you feel . a few years ago i had a 20 ft . fall and broke my leg . it required a rod and pins so i couldn't walk for 6 months . for a long time my mobility was near zero , ... serious and goofy ... balance is a must . ( sorry to ride the fence ) satellite - - here is much cheaper than cable . pie or cake ? texter 80-90 % of the time . quick , concise . airplane . but i've never been on a sailboat and would love to give it a try . bungee jump or sky dive ? oh , someone mentioned documentaries . i'm a documentaries nut and found a good site ... there's a good chance that it was an istp navy seal that took bin laden out . micro-managers drama excessive rules / restrictions arrogance lowlifes i've always wanted to hike at least some of the appalachian trail . friend of mine did part of the at in vermont and maine and the pictures were awesome . i don't care for small talk ( at all ) but i wish i was better at it . it is a skill that comes in handy at times . as others have mentioned , i wish i was more natural , and free flowing with my ... it just doesn't look natural when i smile . i can't count how many times i've had someone tell me , loosen up or why do you look so serious when neither described my emotion . i'm generally in a ... i think we bounce around because we have a constant need to learn , to understand how things work . once we've learned or understand it , we become restless and begin looking for new adventure . i'm ... '