' take heart , dear one for protected you are by myself and the moon and the wind and the stars look not to your strengths , nor your wits or your smarts i am here to shield you-dear one , take heart never in front of people . that's too much a sign of weakness and loss of control . when i get angry enough my eyes leak though , but if i'm that angry i'm not going to be talking at all . if i'm that ... hello (: i recently got a book from our library about analyzing handwriting , and wanted to share a description i found accurate for myself . a special situation called secondary expansion is ... sunshine law dime all men dream : but not equally . those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds wake up in the day to find it was vanity , but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men , for they may ... lol we are all doomed . the video says you have to keep the conversation light and flowing , and not talk about serious subjects . D: flight rant : life has been super busy lately so i haven't had enough time to have alone time ! but rave : i do now have free time again =D yes , it is . he taught me last year too , which is one reason i agreed to be his assistant in my free block this year . plus , he is almost 14 years my senior , so in both our minds any other kind of ... rant : when someone tells me i am not suited for a career i am seriously considering , but has no valid reason to back up their statement , nor enough information about said career to make an informed ... so , like , i totally love , like everything ! icarus chemistry play rant : people who when driving see a line of cars and switch lanes to pass everyone , then try to cut in front . also when people try to set me up . i have no desire to be set up with a guy i do not ... middle ages mexico philly cheese steak failure i personally try to spend time with people i like , because i want to be with them . i would watch to see if he was initiating the time he spends with you ; if he is then it is possible he does like ... i know this is a thread from a long time ago ; sorry for reopening it :) but i am an istj with an istj best friend , and we get along amazingly . we always understand each other perfectly , and whenever ... i run cross country , and play ultimate frisbee ; but i am good at most sports i try if i enjoy them . my best friend is also an istj and she is a fantastic cross country runner and a really good soccer ... posture openness 1984 ( the book ) money flare this is crazy , i came to this forum specifically to look for istj vs intp relationship tips , and this was the first article i saw . i am a teaching assistant to my intp ap chemistry teacher , and i ... balance elimination my bad ! crazy so , it is not uncommon for an istj to be told they are good at flirting when they never thought they were flirting in the first place ? people tell me that when i play around it is like flirting but i ... necklace i have a question for istjs : when i read books , i cannot visualize what is happening in the story at all . for me , it is like i know what is happening in the story , and that is what keeps me ... electron waterfalls i don't really belong in your thread but i will post anyways c : the description seems to be pretty accurate for me istj - melancholy phlegmatic 0 sanguine , 50 melancholy , 21 choleric , 64 ... einstein forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair-kahlil gibran :D or - devotion to truth is the hallmark of morality ; there is no greater , ... taste sparkle i like moffats ' writing when he makes the plot twisted and unpredictable . i like it when there is that moment when all the random details that made no sense at all come together and he is able to ... dagger i'm usually right on time cause i am always trying to avoid talking with my most of classmates thank you ! ! i can't take credit for the picture though , i found it on google xd and yes , that is exactly what i was referring too ! my mother tells me that saying all the time , then gets angry when ... little rock i like this thread =D - rant - - people who can't keep their promises - people who don't do their share of the work - people who won't leave me alone - people who tell me if you don't have ... '