' kob , well , i think you're pretty kickass , and i'm not a huge fan of judgement , but blindspots on the other hand , woo ! feel free to send your thoughts on my blindspots my way as well - i know i'm ... i think it's possible certain facial features are associated with certain temperaments . there is a study on foxes in siberia that shows temperament and looks change when selecting for foxes with the ... one more thought since once i get going on something it's hard to shut me up : you could say i wasted those 4-5 years by not acting on what i really wanted to do . what i was doing was thinking i ... there's so much general life advice out there to live by that it's hard to choose the best one . it seems for me certain advice is more relevant and important for me at different times of my life . ... single frame : post daydream forecast endeavor the people you know and the places you see never end up like you think they will be because the people ... not original : dracula come pick me up , i've had too many bloody mary's x93love is the ultimate outlaw . it just won't adhere to any rules . the most any of us can do is to sign on as its accomplice . instead of vowing to honor and obey , maybe we should swear to aid and abet ... infps will often bend over backwards for people they care about , putting themselves and their needs second . the best course of action in this case with the likeliest chance of a positive result is to ... i certainly relate to the selfishness , inward turning away from working at a problem , and going ballistic at times with what i perceive as negative judgement of me from family members . so subjective ... thanks ! a couple thoughts while reading : 1 ) your associations with leaf do seem to be an expression of what you're feeling . :) that's cool . 2 ) jung and si - huh ! interesting ! so we would take ... it seems in between ! : d yeah , it does seem like fi would allow us to read people more easily . overall , i feel like an open book , but i think it's a fact that most people can't read me very ... dear favetelinguis sorry for the delayed response . my lower back was bothering me all week ( it's fine now ) and i spent most of my off-work time this week laying around . things are alright and ... it's not just poetry , but that's an example . if i'm trying to express something internal , it comes out abstract . when i look out into the world , i am concerned about what is , but i take say the look ... this is a really interesting topic , and i'd love to hear your experience of fi in as much detail as you care to provide . i recently heard it said that our internal function is how we listen , and ... i scored 50 on female brain . the section i scored the best on was empathizing , 9 of 10 . this is a very poignant question in my life , particularly so because i am 36 and don't have all too many years to make the child decision . or rather , i have made it , but there are not too many years ... beautifully written . : ) right to me is sort of like a mystical staircase spiraling up into the clouds . you never know what right will look like to you around the curve . ^ ^ i couldn't help to giggle at the thought of you walking around kicking everyone in the face . however to also wonder if you would in that state also refuse to step any inches out of your way to ... the best museum i've ever been to is the musee d'orsay in paris . i loved this sculpture : 83661 the stone was almost translucent . so powerful . no picture does it justice . the paint / texture on van gogh paintings moves me more than anything else painting-related . nothing compares to seeing a van gogh live . i've not found any images that portray it adequately for ... greenladybug - woohoo ! 1000 posts ! love hearing how great things are going :) so today was the first day of the fall member pickup ( csa ) at the farm . i was not looking forward to the hectic busy ... no words , aces . ( long pause ) . but words anyway : since you seemed a little on the fence about putting this up , i feel compelled to do more than hit the like button to thank you for doing so . it's ... i will sometimes have a lot of edits during the writing as things occur to me or i realize something or think of a different word or image . i still think of that as free flow because it's one ... for me , writing poetry is the only way for me to express certain things .. or helps me access certain things that are more closely related to feeling and images than words . so for me , it's very ... if i'm in the mood , i initiate it . i prefer a man who initiates it with me , initially and at least sometimes after that . it makes me feel desired , and because i also prefer the man to be dominant ... this happens . i'm pretty sure i've been on both sides of this . there are many sides to people , and different people bring out different sides . maybe you try one on and find it's not for you , even if ... your shadow is how you function in stressful situations , using the functions that don't come as naturally to you . negative self talk is not your shadow . it is also not an entity within you that you ... - do it a lot and then do it some more . find a way to think of yourself as a teacher or healer or whatever works for you to where you can feel you are in service . find an authentic-ish mask / persona ... regret . shame . inadequacy . humiliation . - the men i have known do not cry lightly , so it's a moving , powerful experience . i feel special , close . i think they are beautiful , human . i have wanted to kiss their tears , hold them close . - ... infp females , are you seen as intense ? i do get that from others quite a bit , and serious . i'm not always , and can be very light and playful and i love those ne snowballs . but the norm is on the ... hey frenetic ! good to see you around . brilliant as usual :p what exactly is daydreaming ? i ask because i can very easily spend a day completely in my head , feeling i've accomplished a lot , ... i re-read the post , but for the life of me i can't remember the particular reason i asked you this question :p i've been reading more enneagram stuff lately so i suppose it was just on my mind . excellent point . in the case of being very attracted to a person's personality , but not being physically attracted , there could be a number of reasons , of which one might possibly be smell ( ? ? ) ... i'm surprised the subconscious has yet to be mentioned here . in understanding / discovering the self , it seems to me it's more about discovering our subconscious drivers . if i do something , i think i ... well , this is just the most romantic thing on 9 planets . and also this , which has been posted on other threads but which more than deserves it's place on here : ... a , are you a type 9 enneagram ? have you typed yourself ? totally . except i think i'm very affectionate and give a lot of genuine complements . this is a mode , though - a mode that i shift out of introversion into . unless i consciously do so , i won't be ... i feel like at any given moment i can do something completely in phase 1 , but i don't remember a time when i exemplified this stage , with the exception of easily hurt and tendency to feel hard done ... i don't find any of those questions annoying at all . i think the thing that pops into my mind most is a frustration - as just about everyone here has mentioned - with defined gender roles . i feel ... i was very close as well . i took this one test that showed pictures and you choose the ones that pull you . plus , i am fairly self destructive in a lot of ways . in the end , i'm oriented toward my ... i'm sx / sp but sp is quite strong for me as well . dreams ! that's awesome ! i've never had dreams like that , but that sounds sooo cool . i'm not sure of his type . i would say he was an intuitive , ... i think attraction is chemical and likely has something to do with smell . i saw a documentary on this : it said in studies women generally don't like the smell of men's sweat , but they find it more ... my life is an extended hike on a weathered trail in the mountains . at times it's unclear where the path is and i wonder if i'm lost , or it splits and i'm not sure which path is mine . at times it's so ... what a great thread ! - good at understanding people / situations / motivations - smart - ' we couldn't do this without you ' from my bosses - ' please come back ' from my previous co-workers - fun - ... refugee the first one is kinda like nails on chalkboard for me , but the second .. i keep wondering why they felt it needed to be an hour because however beautiful , i'm drifting off just listening it ... noted : d you know , one of the first things i happened to read by that guy was so damned exact to my life , i have just loved him ever since . i can say without reservation that he's the poet who ... i don't disagree , and i hold you in very high esteem , but i just have to say that bukowski ( if the quote is from him ) , was not someone i would call a cynical old bastard . maybe in some ( even large ) ... most of them are just looking for stuff to post . what do you wish you were doing ? really ? what is preventing you from doing that ? hey there kob . congrats on this possible promotion , and congrats on the cd and book release ! this is a good decision to make , and you can make it . please take this post as completely neutral as to ... '