' no . castration is a medical procedure ; as a society , i don't think we should be using medical procedures as punishment , even under the veil of prevention . rapists really are the scourge of our ... dear urgh , you know what , i can't even , asshole . i made that video and figure to your exacting specifications , to the point where i was changing a hella bunch of nitpicky shit at your behest , ... dear xxx , uhm , i really understand why you feel despondant . i know , because i was his shiny new toy a few months ago . i know that that novelty is wearing off , that i'm just another cog in the ... dear infp , i'll be honest , shit like doing an interpretative dance between two people and a rope or grown adults sitting on the floor crayoning their feelings makes absolutely no fucking sense to ... why don't they pray for will ? something about a prank caller .  dear mods , why was this thread destickied ? i kind of expected it to die of it's own accord , but no , a good 6 years after making it , this thread persists . heck , it's far outlived my own status ... ohhh , okay . i think i get it . what about this : yo momma is so fat she probably has a diet which is unhealthy and lacks fiber , thus greatly increasing her risk of bowel cancer . she will probably ... no . i'm actually british . i have kitkats , rolos , double deckers , wispas , dairy milks . but none of that shit you yanks apparently call chocolate . i knew you bitches couldn't shitpost without me . : crazy : * high fives * omg . i was actually going to buy a poster like that the other day , but then i didn't . cause i'm a genwunner - i don't need some poster telling me what the first 152 pokemon are . your mother is so fat she will probably die early from heart disease or diabetes . or both . hah ! drop me at the bottom of the bag , forget about me . we will gather and we shall rise . yes , our time will come , once you realize you are 13c short for the butterfinger you want to buy . oh yes , then ... dear infp , i know you like to think you're this laid back guy who doesn't micromanage , but jesus christ , you are one of the worst micromanagers i have ever met . #offmychest sincerely , intj dear xxx who i share an office space with , maybe you should consider buying the space bar of your keyboard dinner . after all , it's the polite thing to do after spending the day aggresively ... yeah , a couple of people are going to the rescheduled meeting - which is a relief . whole thing is a clusterfuck . ah well . dear xxx , by all means reschedule our meeting at 10am tomorrow to discuss the big project next week . at 8p m . really , you know how that thrills me . nooo , it's not like i barely know what's ... dear nubb , weeelll , when i first joined perc , i was not in the best place mentally ; not great self esteem caused me to write off my freaky intuitive mind-powers as ' eh , i guess everybody stays ... dear infj , i love that in a sea of mindless bullcrap , your posts on my facebook wall are poems you put a sincere amount of thought and effort into . sincerely , intj - - - dear infp , trumpo , now you are president , are you going to get yourself one of those fancy leather swivel chairs and a cat , just so you can greet people by turning around on the chair whilst petting the cat ? ... i will probably never achieve world domination . because that would mean caring . meh . i am about to start a bright new career in computational biochemistry ... i'm fucked , aren't i ? i have a very hard time being supervised . seeing as i'm a phd student , this is something i definitely need to work on . the trouble is that i'm very good at planning very complex systems in my ... i like people , to the extent that i like things which fluff up my ego . yes , laugh at my jokes , find me interesting , listen to my ideas ; dance , my puppet , dance ! do i actually like people ? no ... basically , don't get too hung up on the pharmacology ( or fancy words for all the receptors and hormones in your body ); that's not too relevant here . what is said above is correct , but doesn't explain ... so , because i apparently have a penchant for self-punishment , i decided to apply to grad school . you see , instead of coasting through life like a piece of fluff on the wind , not caring about ... man , barry scott has done well for himself , now he's gotten off huffing cb fumes . barry scott circa 2005 : i don't eat at mcdonald's because they have that monopoly promotion going and every . single . fucking . time i get free porridge . like wut ? like i am going to come down to mcdonald's before 11am to ... you see boy , what you don't realize about d'ganja is it drives the brain wild . d'ganja is the devils herb ; it poisons the mind . you will never catch me smoking d'ganja , because d'ganja is bad ... pre-bought salad dressing is garbage . and if i'm going to put a cheese or cream based dressing all over my salad , well , i may as well cut to the chase and eat something which isn't a fucking salad . ... no , because it's adam and eve not adam and steve . well , that and it is clinially proven as being no better than placebo . look , i just like rhymes , okay ? i would go down the store , buy a klondyke bar , and then eat it . i ate a really nice lasagne tonight . nice pasta can't exist without god . therefore , spaghetti monster . boom . well , i wanted to cry today . quite badly . but i didn't . because tears won't fix this situation . i applied to a phd just before christmas , and have since heard absolutely nothing . no interview offer , nothing . today , i discover the project has been delisted and is no longer avaliable . one must ... it was the only one which worked , by and large because i suggested making it as big as possible and then making it into a concertina fold . when i got home , me and my entp father laughed about how ... intps ... i have a confession . i am not like other people . there . i said it . so my cousin got married this year and is in a kerfuffle - she wants to spend time with her husband , but also ... that is so fetch . holy shit , can't all those poor people leeching off welfare , like , go live in a cave or something ? it's making it very hard to enjoy my huge pension pot whilst listening to my accountant cooking my ... okay , then don't get over it . or get over it . do whatever . in the meantime , i'm going to keep disregarding your opinions on how and with who i should be spending my time ( even if you think i'm ... i think you need to reread my post . what i was actually going to say to him was i find you asking me that incredibly creepy . in response to a creepy question . and on the count of calling him ... i've been slowly escalating the rudeness ( after all , there isn't much point in going for the jugular when a simple ear flick will do ) , but it may boil down to being forthright . i'm aware i'm already ... i started a course a few weeks ago , and just this week , one of my classmates randomly started trying to make nice . slight problem : he sets my ' creepy ' alarm bells a ringing . it's hard to explain , ... i'll give you half of my pog collection for it . so , because you've cited a few websites , feminism - a cause which , like it's pro-male rights counterpart , has both good and bad apples in it's mist - you've proven there is no longer any need for it , ... my skankiest outfit is jeans and a tight ( bot not revealing ) top . i don't think i'll win the game of skanky ho's ( geddit , because it sort of sounds like game of thrones , that ( s ) hit tv show all the ... alas , i have no problem getting weiners made of pig innards and cartilage . i crack open crates of them and roll myself inside every night . it's the succulent porkmeat of virile young men i crave , ... why won't senpai notice me ? ! ! * cries into her glenfiddich * white pillowy feathers of down , bathed in the blood of mother goose . '