yes , debating is usually like that . however , i've noticed that other people don't make any sense and when it comes to questions like the one your friend asked i tend to talk about why the question ... i used to get into fights when i was younger . the first one i was in was with an older girl and i ended up with a horribly bloody nose . uh ... actually out of all the ones i've been in i only won one ... i have felt that need before , when i was younger i used to think about helping humanity as a goal . then i realized that the only way i would stop switching from one uninteresting career prospect to ... i have realized that i tend to be drawn to optimism and idealism in others . when i am around a person who has these kinds of traits , or rather when they are expressing them , i feel as though they ... what i believe in , more than anything , is non-judgement . i believe that any lifestyle could be right for any specific person , as long as it does not harm others ( i don't support serial killers , lol ) ... i thought mine was vulcan , but i just looked it up and it seems like it would mean coming from free phallus ... so i have managed to confuse myself again my mom was talking for a while about a random family member who just had a baby , while i was doing something on the internet . mom : isn't that great ? me : wait , what happened ? mom : * so-and-so * ... lol , i remember doing stuff like that . i also tried the liquid soap we had because my mom kept saying she was going to wash my mouth out with soap and i didn't understand why she would do that , i ... just to make sure i understand this correctly , are you trying to say that only people born in some arbitrary part of the year are true to a specific personality type ? a few streets and buildings are named after the stinky creek a bunch of people throw their trash in , should i post of photo of that ? how i see myself ? i usually use a mirror ... i actually see myself as more of an outsider in comparison to the people around me , my opinions don't often match up , either that or they have strong ... * my mother told me that i started giving myself time outs to myself by the time i was two , apparently just when i might be getting upset because i had to think everything over and wanted everyone to ... i think i understand something , this argument was based on prior experience with hospitals as opposed to analysis . i was taking something from my past and using strict rules as a defense mechanism ... if they lived in an area where kidneys were more available to people who had made mistakes ( whether it was neglect or alcohol use ) , it would seem that the question would be less relevant ... i think that is only logical if the second kidney is his / her mother's , since it would be her decision . otherwise , the kidney should be given to someone who hasn't rejected it by their own neglect and ... i agree with this , i can be organized to the point that others call me neurotic . it usually concerns school-work , areas of interest , my stories , and any topic i may have researched as opposed to my ... 1 ) title suckers ? 2 ) plot synopsis a deadly virus spreads from unknown sources . causes everyone to get suckers ( like octopus ) under their chins and on the backs of their hands . unfortunately ... write , guild wars 2 , this forum , take personality quizzes , stare at blank spaces / my desktop background ( thinking ) , watch tv , re-organize things on my computer / in my stories ( while leaving everything ... i imagine my brain is somewhat like a computer , only i sometimes forget file names and therefore can't access the information inside just wondering why you would not put all of the quotes in one message . you could open two windows and get the all of the codes for the quotes in one . then copy and paste to the other so that you ... are you attempting to increase the number of posts you have ? you could have stated all of these opinions in one i had a rather bad experience that led to me similar behaviors as that loop . i then tried to focus on my obligation towards others to get out of it , unfortunately all that did was make me crazy ... awesome mouth on bellybutton action : laughing : i'm awful at scheduling things , have tried to improve but i just seem to fall into old patterns after i get bored with the idea of improving . comes in bursts , i guess , every now and then . ... i write stories . i have created a science fiction galaxy to which i attempt to maintain consistency throughout species , cultures , factions , events , etc . it has taken nine years and i haven't finished ... is there a way to move this to the socionics type section ? i know it was my fault , i just don't know how to fix it i often want to dye my hair black , because i really like black hair . it's just too much work to keep that up though edited i run to the switch and quickly divert the train to hit the fat man . as it turns out , he wasn't really fat , his jacket was stuffed to the brim with explosives set to activate under pressure ! when the ... lii vs ili edit : i just realized that there is a section for guessing type in the socionics section , i probably put this in the wrong area . additionally they have a socionics type ... my sister decided to tell me all about this book she was reading me : so , this guy loves both of these girls ? her : yes me : and both of these girls love this guy ? her : yes me : and these girls ... that's an interesting question - my mom continually suggests that i am attempting to be like spock when i am not trying to be like anything , really . - my sister thinks that i am purposefully ... this is beautiful that has always seemed like one of the hardest things to do . how can one define emotions without either offending others by referring to emotions in a realistic manner ( states of mind , etc . ) or ... my sister ( who visits a few times a year ) has described me as : intentionally alienating myself , judgmental , stubborn , confused , different my father has described me as : liberal , strange , lazy ... 1 ) best vacation spot visited i enjoyed california because it wasn't a family vacation 2 ) how are your driving skills ? adequate , i suppose 3 ) any tats or plans for tats ? no 4 ) worst ... i dress like a tomboy most of the time . every now and then i want to dress up , but it is so exhausting . people will just stop me while i am trying to go places to tell me how beautiful i am , it ... i just heat up microwaveable tv dinners . heat and eat my mother is isfp . i'm not sure about my father , maybe istj ? my mother is isfp and she had brought many of these issues to my attention in the past . emotional things do seem irrelevant in normal conversation . i speak about emotion with my mother now as i ... 1 . ) 40 living at home in their parents basement . i'm only 23 and my parents don't have a basement 2 . ) 40 year old virgin i'm still 23 3 . ) socially deprived i honestly still can't think of a better way to have dealt with that situation , or any way really . it was emotionally volatile and i'm not good at dealing with that . lol , i've been thinking that since i was a child and my mom told me i couldn't take my shirt off just because i was hot like everyone around me was doing ... because i wasn't a boy . be the best racquetball player in the world or find $ 65 on the street today ? racquetball player , i love to win , and it doesn't matter what it's at speak any language fluently or be able to ... when i was younger people always used to tell me their secrets . i didn't really encourage them , but i had a thing about keeping promises . one day i just snapped and told everybody's secrets all at ... i can't think of any intp octopus-headed men ... i can think of octopus-headed men , or at least humanoid creatures that have tentacles on their heads . i would recon this agelastos is one of kind ... well , i always try to act perfectly normal . keeping that in mind , i usually watch everyone else talk and then say or do something completely idiotic that makes everyone stop whatever they were doing ... when i younger , about ten years ago , i decided to follow the teachings of vulcan , from star trek . it lasted about four months and i read a lot of books ( i suppose they were fanon or something , i ... in my case , it was definitely curiosity . also a lack of understanding or ability to relate specifically to either gender role . i have spent too much time trying to understand the concept and the ... i'm already on a lot medication due to other conditions , including a lot for allergies .