' i don't care if others have tattoos , but i would never get a tattoo . just don't care for any , nor do i want to have it all odd-looking when i'm older , not to mention the health risks involved . also ... this . i'm right-handed too , though i do some activities involving 2 hands using my left-hand ( shoveling , digging , using a hockey stick , raking , etc ) . yes it should . as people have said , there are innate differences in personality and behavior between males and females that are a product of biological factors such as hormones , even which areas of ... yeah i pretty much agree with both you guys . if there's something unfair in something that really counts , then i'll do something about it . but otherwise , there's no real need to think or worry ... your global 5 / sloan type is rcoen ( reserved , calm , organized , egocentric , non-curious ) your primary type is reserved - extroversion results were low which suggests you are very reclusive , quiet , ... fun , and security . whatever fun may be . we all have a certain time on this earth , we can't be moping around all the time , we have to enjoy ourselves too . crazily enough , i feel the same way about cats too . maybe it's because they're not as loved as dogs , but i've always had a liking for domestic cats . maybe it's because they're very solitary ... talking slowly is unrelated to any particular function or type . firefox is the best to me , i use it a lot , and i have a relatively old machine ( 2005 dell desktop ) . i don't like chrome that much , because some of the display settings . firefox , with its tabs and ... 1 ) music preference ? pretty much anything for me , i listen from anything from classical to rap to rock to pop . things with good melody and good meaning are usually my favorites . 2 ) ... no , i would hate to join a fraternity . to me , this is the most interest aspect of the myers-briggs theory of personality . there is a science behind it that involves various aspects of the brain ( as shown by some parts of the op ) , great ... found out about it online with a test . i'm a very private person , and usually people don't know the real me . i've been labeled an enigma because of this . never had a single one , i was always too lazy to . just their eyes ? no eyebrows or anything ? i obviously can't tell just by looking at eyes , but can tell by looking at eyes with eyebrows . only if people are trying to get in my space ( metaphorically and literally ) . if people are constantly telling me what to do , then yeah i'm rebellious . it generally happens when i'm just being laid ... yes , yes they would . i agree with all of this . except that my gpa was lower , hah . but after you get your first real job , then your gpa does not play a big role . true statement . hmm ... i don't know , i think it might be more physical than anything else . got a bs in electrical engineering last year , now looking for a job while taking classes part time . make good with whatever you have at the present moment . focus on your studies and enjoy the exercise and video games . exactly my thoughts , it's ridiculous .. [ / quote ] + 1 the sooner our world realizes this , the better . istp , pretty big sports fan here . my favorite sport is easily basketball . i also like tennis , soccer , and some other sports that i may see on tv from time to time . most feminine is esfj . i have gerd too . but i've had it for a while , it doesn't bother me that much . i just eat mostly healthy food ( occasionally splurge ) , eat often , don't eat 2 hours before sleeping because then you ... sometimes if i don't make eye contact , it doesn't mean i'm not listening ... quite the contrary - i can listen to what a person says much better if i'm not looking directly at them because if i do , i ... take a functions test , that is one of the best ways to tell . to just be successful in life . one thing i would like to change in the world is for me to have a lot more money than i currently do . we're in fine company , my friends . all 10 are probably fitting for me . abcd for me . male . i'm extremely competitive , to a fault . i don't know if this is an xstp thing , but my competitiveness sometimes makes me take shortcuts and pathways ( that are not really fair ) in order to win ... i think it's just because i love this show too much haha . my favorite character is bart . michael - enfp dwight - estj jim - isfp pam - isfj angela - istj she's definitely intelligent , but in an nf way . there are times when she completely loses it emotionally , she cries and gets angry a lot . can't see an intj crying that much lol . also she likes to ... homer - esfp marge - isfj bart - estp lisa - infj ^ ^ those i'm sure of . the rest are a bit harder , but here's my take : ned flanders - esfj maude flanders - isfp apu - esfj greatest animated series of all time . obama is entp , i've been saying this many times . he's clearly extroverted , we can see that when he's around people . intuitive as well , not opposed to changes , and creative with his tactics . t , ... i was actually thinking about this , i didn't know of him very well but if i had to give him a type , i'd say istj . kanye is enfp . let's break it down : e - he's clearly extroverted , he's always with people , loves to go out , and gets energized from the outside . n - he's an n , he's very imaginative ... fry - esfp farnsworth - entp bender - estp leela - istj amy - esfp from what little i've seen , i think she's esfj . yeah , i prety much listen to the exact same stuff - basically everything , the difference is i do listen to classical music too haha . eh true , you have a good point there . unless they tested these people repeatedly , or unless they were previously familiar with mbti . but yeah i guess the first time you take the test is not an ... keep in mind this is for america . hispanic is a race , at least according to the united states definition . caucasian means white . african american signifies black . i was wondering this myself just a few moments ago , and then i encounter this thread . but yeah , it's because mbti is a theory . normally i don't like theories , but this one interests me . feels ... interesting discussion , i found these links regarding mbti and race : - look at slides 30 and 31 .  ... '