' i probably do resent him for making me feel so vulnerable . that's probably exactly what's going on ... but i have no idea whether or not i'm lying to myself about not having feelings for him . :/ hahah i have no idea xd xd okay . so , i met this really amazing , unique guy last month . he's adventurous , not afraid to break the rules , very open , artistic , and free spirited . for the longest time , i wanted him to notice ... well , i don't go to a well known or even academically good college , quite frankly ( money reasons .. ) . but i've made peace with my situation . in high school , middle school , and even elementary , i ... i like your advice it's just that ... despite the fact that i like him as a person , i'm not sure if i even want to be friends with him either . i mean , someone who says don't disappoint me again ... i only like this guy in a friend way , i definitely do not want to be romantically involved . ; _ ; i feel like if i keep seeing him , i'll get trapped into doing something that i don't want to do ... no , i haven't seen him since friday . i really hate confrontations more than anything , which is why i thought it would be easier to ignore him ! :D hahah ... but i think i'll tell him straight . * sigh * ... hahah i totally get what you mean about making huge cognitive leaps . i feel like this guy is definitely a narcisstic / dominant or whatever , but there's something in the back of my mind that's like ... thank you ... i promised myself i would never get into that type of relationship and look what almost happened to me ? ? i feel slightly horrible ... that's right ! ! i haven't even considered that he isn't considerate about me . :/ the question is ... how the hell do i get rid of him ? i agree with you ! i didn't go to the party , by the way . i was at a car wash for 10 hours and i was honestly tired . so i called him after , and he was like , don't disappoint me again . in a serious ... okay ... this is a really petty problem compared to my other problems but i need someone to talk to . i need input . so , the other day this guy from one of my classes randomly starts talking to me ... i can completely relate ! it's always the people who are so open with me that i feel comfortable around . or the people who are shy . xd it's so strange because a lot of people are inbetween those two ... haha - no one is trying to sell you anything . check the video i posted on this thread - there's your context . i wasn't very clear in my question . but , i'm not talking about freud's definition of ego . this is the video that drove me to ask this question : based on this , watts seems to be ... hmm ... i like the idea that our personalities / egos are important - that they are essential components of what it means to be human - but an egoless state is also important . i don't agree that it is ... lmao this is hilarious ! how have i not heard of this guy before ? ? ? i mean , i always get upset when my life isn't like others ' ... it's so stupid ! i feel like i'm always getting the short end of the stick . i always feel like i'm being pressured by society too . = . = ... strange question to ask on personalitycafe huh ? :P i was thinking about this question the other day when i was listening to an alan watts ' video . he defined personality as an illusion that the ego ... i ain't assertive ... haha hell no . but as i become older i find myself in situations where i have to be . and it's so draining . be aggressive ... passive aggressive thank you . those gloating intps should read this . . meh , if i felt like it i could answer all of those ... but it's midnight here and i really don't want to waste any more time on the internet ... not that i won't be lurking around on this site for at ... okay , so i guess it's my turn . hmm ... basically anything except for dubstep , jazz , classical music , and metal . i feel bad when i say i don't really like jazz ... it's a truly beautiful genre of ... ; _ ; yay , one of the few people who actually likes country ... you're awesome ! no one i know has the patience to listen to it :( i've always thought hsps included people who were both sensitive to physical / sensory things and emotional things . i'm more on the emotional scale ... and i'm pretty sure the test is intended to ... really ? i didn't know it wasn't type related ... i'm positive i am an hsp , but i have no idea what mbti type i am . i was debating between infp , infj , and isfp earlier ... = _ = i can never figure it out . ha . definitely not . for instance , i never told anyone about how i felt when my first broke up with me . i pretended like everything was fine .. and broke down one night .. and i made sure my folks ... - my eyes - how i have gained so much confidence with my singing - my taste in music / fashion ( although i never have money to buy clothes ... thankfully music is free ;D ) - my ability to do well ... i also get the wtf are you doing ? and occasionally the why are you loning it by yourself ? join us ! in addition to those i get : stop saying ' i don't know ' all of the time . why can't you ... oh and dubstep 1 . people who ask me why i don't say anything ( that's not a problem as it was before .. but it's like wtf ? i'm not saying anything because i either don't know you well or i don't have anything to ... that's cool ... i don't really know anything on the other personality types .. so this was helpful :D when i'm on top of my game .. i'm usually a d . but this week has been a total f . : sarcastic-thumbs-up : this has nothing to do with your post ... but i noticed you're a fan of hana yori dango . xd that takes me back ... i don't even like rush though .. some song by rush called closer to the heart ... good old fashioned music streaming on my itunes from a station called riprock radio . haha ;D ... i wrote a whole paragraph but then i deleted it . i don't really know how to explain this . i mean this thought occurred to me ... that people are people and that they aren't perfect . and ... yep . the last paragraph of anon's post . definitely . i bolded the parts i can relate to . ;D oh god yes ! when i get reprimanded by strangers i am pro at pulling out my stoic face . the guy i like said bye to me . but then i almost got into an accident on the way home . = _ = fml i got silence on my radio .. let the airwaves flow .. let the airwaves flow .. yeah ... so i almost got into an accident today . yep . i thought i was a great and confident driver but no of course something just had to go wrong . everyone else i know ( except for my mom ) is a super ... oh yes , i can relate strongly with that complaint = _ = there was this super confident guy at my school who acted like this really nice polite guy , but he looked down on everyone who wasn't his friend ... i loved his not cowed with fear post . damn , that sure is a long video . i've never seen that much snow in my life ... yeah , i'm still not sure if i'm an isfp ... although i'm pretty sure i am . here's my video . i tried to make it creative ( sort of ) , and i don't talk in it ... because i feel uncomfortable blogging to ... i'll stop spamming , but here's my lastfm :) m_mochi '