' 13 including this one . 5 are random videos . 1 is a picture of greece . 1 is google . and the others are other threads . xd a new tab for every scattered idea that pops up into my mind . i tend to feel very neutral . :P maybe it's my culture / family but i think i'd more likely feel some admiration towards someone who has become successful . in my family i know my brother is very success ... that's me . xd i for some reason have an odd paranoia like people might stalk me . that and i also feel self conscious . i have this same feeling of self conscious-ness that has sort of prevented me ... sometimes when i'm waking up i have dreams and i always immediately want to go back to sleep and stay there . ^ ^ really i've always been a night owl even as a little kid i was always awake at ... the other day i found out the personality type of someone who i find very awesome and she was an enfp . xd i really love enfps i now wonder whether my bestie is one because while i've lost some ... * is amused * :) lol . * waves hello * welcome . : 3 * tries to think of something to entertain you with * o . o ummm ... clearwater , florida has the highest rate of lightning strikes per capita in the u . s . xd sorry i just used my snapple . lol . i know i appear high because that became a joke for a while when a friend made an observation about me one morning . ^ ^ ; really it's because i was sleepy and school was boring . seamaid i feel ... she said that once i had children i would feel the same . - - - my own mother has been saying this a lot . along with what's wrong with you ? ! . i don't even know how to really react to this . i have ... i don't care much about spelling . i try to write as legibly as possible and i know i make lots of mistakes and then i'm like nooo ! i forgot a letter ! for less than a millisecond and then i'm like ... are you like living in a parallel dimension as me ? xd lol . i would pity but i was in my own sort of down in the cave of woe today so i have none to give at the moment . i realize i find much comfort ... i was reading chapter books while my older cousin was still with 5 sentence books . and i had a chance to go up a grade , twice actually , when i was little . i didn't take it because i didnt want to ... i was up until recently . now im always tired . so tired that if given the freedom to i would sleep 24hours straight . but that might be health related . i used to always be up at night reading , watching ... i live with my introverted parents and well ... i imagine it would be nicer if it was just my intj father and i . my isfj mother comes around sometimes to mother over then only baby chick she has left ... long ago i was told that once im eighteen i can do what i want but until then obviously the opposite . so i tried to identify what caused me to rebel in any form to my parents : that was my emotions . ... im probably not really the best person to answer because well i dont have any such experience and im really young but here goes my two cents : decisions that drive me up a wall asking questions and ... really the only place i feel comfortable at times is with my family , in otherwords the ones i grew up with . hence they know im a wierdo and i know a lot of their nuances that make them odd . along ... i personally don't know what to say about global warming . i don't worry about it but that doesnt mean i dump oil in to the water supplies and hope polar bears will die . i think being green is good ... im lazy if i can't think of anything for a status i don't write anything . anyhoo i dont like to have many ppl fussing around my page . : tongue : i'm a really slow eater . as a little kid i was always the last to leave the table . depending on the day , about 75 % of the time that's me . i kind of have a way of crashing and burning when something that's become so commonplace for me disapears . i'm an a student , a b wouldnt be ... swing life away by rise against ( too lazy to figure encoding : crazy :) my mom is an isfj and i think my spanish teacher is an xsfj , passive-agressiveness kills me . : sad : aww hurting andjtbeachbum i feel for you ! i literally get new friends and then they just disapeer once we get even a little close , and to add i dont like my own company . i want to see what others ... navy blue . when i was a kid i liked yellow . my saving grace for school is that i can remember my day in class ! like in history my teacher does the lecture style with a powerpoint i retain most of that info that she said and in gets packed in ... math and history are my better subjects ! i've always been good with science , too . i cant seem to write well for english , though ... infps are suppossed to be good at that arent they ? school over-all ... amanda i think you just made my day ! personally i seem to have issues with isfjs for some reason im not structured or traditional enough for them . personally i could be considered way to laid back ... hahaha well that's fine ! welcome to pc ! : happy : not that i would count , because im a little paranoid at times . my cousins say they've seen things in their house before . like hands and shadows of people passing the windows . they make good stories ... : sad : i worry for him a bit . he does though seem to have like transformed into something cruel , but he's really a cool person to be around . my brother has also told me some sort of swindling plan to suck out money of ex-parent . : mellow : more or less dealing with how he wasnt there for my childhood and how he didnt pay child support . ummm ... for the last couple days i've been thinking about things my brother has told me . and no matter how hard i've looked at them it just seems real unusual for me . emotional people should ... i cant ever seem to keep friendships , i moved to a suburban place where you technically can be put at a disadvantage if you werent born there . i tend to like to make friends with people who : ... welcome . : wink : people on pc are really great , well , at least i think that . im an infp as well . im an a student . i have a b in english though now . ( english has never been my fav class :d ry :) having no social life has apparently left me with loads of time to waste on schoolwork . im taking high end ... : crazy : it's really late where i am . im getting worried about my personality type too because i feel im morphing in to something else , i currently have the over-analyzing disease , but more or less ... i live in my pajamas at home . at school a t-shirt , hoody or sweater ( rarely ) , and jeans . on the days i feel randomly happy though i've been known to apparently show some style ! : shocked : today was one ... my cousin ( enfp ) is absolutely wonderful , but i dont think she cares for art nearly as much as she cares for people . my other cousin ( esfp , her sis ) and used to laugh at her , in a teasing way of ... i used to draw . i cant seem to color so the word maybe then should be sketched . failed my first art class in 8th grade . : crazy : i seemed to have really started once i had a friend that really seemed ... questioning : bored : , thoughts : mellow : , dreaming :p roud : , vague : cool : , overeactant : frustrating : i'll be back later to see if anyone knows what this is or if like always i wasnt paying attention . i dont think i learned about it in school ... sorry bout the double post . : frustrating : : crying : for some reason i feel a bit scared right now . im currently , in health and the last thing we are learning is about death and dying . that's depressing / a little scary and watching tv there was mention of holodomor . apparently something to do with ... the holodomor ? i dont know where i should of posted this . : mellow : whoo ! right on someone who likes foreign languages ! :p roud : if i had more time i might go back to continue learning japanese and italian . im taking spanish for school and school just takes the fun ... waking up and finding myself as me in a different culture / world for a day would be fine because maybe it aint so fun on the other side of the world . : happy : on a realistic way spending time with my ... a recent thought of mine was whether a person could be like half and half like infp 50 % and estj 50 % , so i find this interesting . there was another thread i just saw and it was about infp with a ... '