well it wasn't really ' happy ' or ' sad ' ... mostly apathetic . it probably would've been worse if i kept going to public school with all of those esfxs ( i'm home schooled now ) . bad things that ... asperger's * yes , i feel like that a lot . i've even taken a few ( online--not official ) tests and they all say it is likely that i have asperger's / autism . what hogwarts house are you in ? what is your mbti type ? me : ravenclaw intj me : intj my mom : isfj my dad ( i don't think he's taken the test and i don't feel like asking him because we don't get along so i'll just guess ): enfj relationship with my mom : we get along great ... me : intj my brother : intp my sister : esfx my mom : isfj my dad ( i don't know if he's taken the test and i don't feel like asking him because we don't get along so i'll just guess ): enfj my other ... i was just wondering ... where are all of the other intx oregonians ? probably in their laboratories or libraries , like me . - _ - everyone that i know ( not very many people ... ) seems to be an exfx ... thanks guys :] no one else seems to think they're interesting at all = introverted : 84.38 % extroverted : 15.63 % intuitive : 69.44 % sensing : 30.56 % thinking : 87.1 % feeling : 12.9 % judging : 69.7 % yeah but that's how it is with all types of siblings . anyway , i would love to have a twin ( preferably one with a similar personality ) and i would probably want a fraternal twin so people wouldn't ... true . that is very true . i've noticed that no one else that i know ( not very many people ) think as much as i do . everyone tries to tell me ' too much thinking is bad for you ' , ' you think too much ' , ' thinking makes people go ... hello fellow intjs . could you please check out these inventions ? i found them very interesting . invisibility cloak : ... well actually no one knows anything about alien personalities ... they may be extremely varied , like human personalities , or they could be the stereotyped ' i'm going to suck your brains out , eat your ... yes , that counts :] if i were to go to an actual school again , i would want to go to a private school or a boarding school ... :] ( i would like to go to a boarding school because i could pretend ... none of the personality types are useless but if i had to choose one that is useless , it definitely wouldn't be intp ( i would probably choose an exfx ... no offense ) . einstein and galileo were both ... i like all kinds of book genres ... fiction ( fantasy , sci-fi ) , nonfiction , etc ... everything except romance . examples of fiction : the harry potter series , the atherton series , the gone series ... yeah , it's like they don't pay attention to anything the teacher is saying . do you live in america ? if you do , you should look up this great school called connections academy ; it's so much better ... yeah , that's how i felt when i went to public school . the other kids didn't even care about learning , they were only there because of their friends . ask any of them to be home schooled and they'll ... cool , do you like public school ? really ? ! wow , and i just thought she was a bad author . i guess she's also a conceited idiot ... i bet she hasn't even read shakespeare . oh , well happy early birthday :] this will be my second year participating in nano . i can't wait for november ! :] sorry , it won't happen again . and what you said sounds almost identical to my dad's behavior . =/ umm okay well that could definitely be considered a bit crazy , sorry . i've never taken an official test but i've taken a few online iq tests . i always get somewhere around 140 . exfxs . we just don't understand each other what you call ' f % # @ing crazy ' someone else might find quite normal . and someone else might find you to be ' f $ # @ & ing crazy ' . i got intj , like me ... i wouldn't mind an intp either ; it's going to be hard to find one . :( name : ashley nickname : no one has actually given me a nickname but people always call me ash . you can call me ashley or ash , i don't care . gender : female where were you originally born ? : a ... yeah , i feel the same about everything you just said . i would too ... and i did . i went to public school until 5th grade ... they were the worst years of my life . i hated every moment of my education because everyone was always taking advantage of me and ... yeah , he wants me to socialize more ... but he doesn't understand that when i am in a social situation , i'm there physically but not mentally . he hardly even knows me though so i don't think his ... i'm homeschooled too ! :] i am my best friend too ! ! he'll be 19 in october :] wow , that's cool ! do you like being homeschooled ? i love it ! ! :D i'm a 13 year old ( i'll be 14 in 72 days , 16 hours , and 52 minutes ) intj . and happy almost birthday ! ! :] hi ! ! my brother is an intp too :] haha , what do you mean ? i think i might know what you mean but i'm not sure ... do you mean that you are the age of a teenager but you wouldn't really consider yourself a teenager because you're so ... yeah that's pretty much the same for me except the exact opposite . i went to public school from kindergarten until 4th grade ... then in fifth grade i finally convinced my mom ( after 5 years of ... yes , i love it ; it's so much better than public school . that's cool that you go to private school . :] i'm in 8th grade . do you go to public school ? i attend an online school called connections academy ... i used to go to public school but i hated it . i don't really hold a grudge . however , if someone is always making me mad or annoying me , she / he will probably never see me again . i barely make time for people i like being around , so why would i ... hello ! ! :] i put my true age and it let me join ... wow , i like polar bears and eagles too ! ! i also like owls and phoenixes ( yes , they're fictional , i just like them ) . i believe there is life on other planets . ( plants , small creatures , etc ) but i don't know about intelligent aliens that are going to come here , suck our brains out , and dissect us ( wow , that sounds a ... hi , i'm semi-new here ... i was just wondering if there were any other intj teenagers out there ... ? i don't really socialize with people my age ( at all ) if i can avoid it ... so it helps that i'm home ... i simply can not read romance ; it's extremely boring , and i can't relate to it at all . i need a good mixture of everything ... i like fiction books like the harry potter series , the atherton series , ... i agree completely with this . i was never a ' girly girl ' in any way . i'm attracted to intjs and intps ... although i've never actually met any ( outside of the internet ) other than my brother and myself . i don't really get along with sfs ( their emotions are annoying ) ...