' bumping this up . it is still a problem as per above .  hi , i am having the exact same problem . i have tried ie and chrome , and it doesn't load at all . i'm getting the same messages as sarcastic black above . first , a big hug ! second , check out acne.org it has a lot of great information on it . ( i discovered this site when i was trying to figure out why my skin was out of whack ... turns out , soy milk ... nice to meet you too ! ! :D more ! :D  ... ok this is for you ! 19497 ( click to enlarge ) i enjoy reading positive quotations and affirmations . ix92ve noticed that a lot of infj users have fantastic , uplifting quotations as part of their signature . ( i also know that a lot of us have times ... omg i know this is from 2009 , but whoa ! i feel exactly the same way as everything above . exactly ! ! ! this is an amazing book ... i highly suggest it . it's all about the existential crisis , understanding it , using it , etc . it's about why artistic , creative types are prone to depression . the ... time you enjoy wasting , is not wasted time . :D yep ! the circle thing happened to me today actually . :P oh gracious ... heavens knows i've been there , done that . i kept doing this to myself , over and over and over and over . each time has been more painful than the last . i hope that i have finally ... or , if you do settle , you could get hurt too by clinging to the idea that things will get better . thank you everyone ! janus , did you read my diary ? j / k , i don't write in one . ;) but if i did ... everything you said . hard lessons ... glad to have finally learned them . sooo , janus just said everything i was thinking but couldn't articulate . this is exactly what i was trying to say ! lol i've also had my fair share of people tell me how much cooler i was once ... yeah , there are people feeling sorry for themselves ... but there are also people that are just over it . i try not to be jaded , but , like seastallion said , you get hurt so many times ... the wall ... haha from everything i'm reading though , i should be looking at a map of the enfps though , right ? haha j / k yes , and besides , what's the point ? odds are , you don't live anywhere near this person . [ quote = la belle dame sans merci ; 1517996 ] i guess i'm used to getting male attention but i kind of wondered if any of it was of a deeper quality than the general crap one gets from being female . i ... ahhh , that's a very good observation . hmm , i guess that's why people think i'm an extrovert when i'm not really deep down . i usually fall asleep right away because i'm usually really tired . however , i can't take naps . :( no matter how tired i am , i just lay there in bed and my brain won't shut off . so frustrating ... vincelix so i just have to be brave and take the leap and hope for the best for it is the only true way to figure out if she likes me or not ? i like how you like straightforwardness ( it's direct and ... ok , i have a lot of thoughts , and i'm just going to try to type them out as fast as i can ... 1st of all big hug ! ! ! :) 2nd , it is not just you that this happens to , ok ? ok , dude , i know ... umm , no , hasn't crossed my mind . lol i can't imagine any guy being that concerned about me . i like the book analogy . :) the concern i have with posts like these , not just this one , but in posts where people are asking how to get an infj to date another type , ummm , what about physical ... yes , i'd agree . yes , even in little ways ... such as , putting your hand on my knee . if i let you leave it there , watch out ! i like you , too ! ;) if i don't , hoo , boy , i'll be locking that down , ... understands everyone else . nobody understands me . 6 words . take that ! boom ! ;) guru ... well , there's a difference ... are you talking about , some random stranger that comes up to me and i've never seen them before , and i'm not interested ? or , are you saying friends , but you ... indeed ! :D when you venture out of the infj forums , find an interesting thread , think about adding something to it , and then come across some posts that make you uncomfortable , so you leave , and come back ... thank you so much for sharing these links . awww hug ! ! ! yes ! it is sooo good that you are aware of this . i am an only child , but i've been on my own ( out of my parents ' house ) , for many years . it is tough when you are an only child . ... ummm yes . it has taken me years to figure this out ... i've gotten a lot better about not getting too excited and trying too hard . this is so beautifully written ! thank you for articulating my thoughts much better than i could . :) i started buying myself flowers . having fresh flowers in my apartment really makes me happy and i'm worth it ! :) no worries ! i'm just so happy to have found perc and all of you ... it's amazing . :D what ? ! of course not . as a fellow infj , you should know i would really mean it . you would also know that i take you seriously . lol ;) everyone here is so nice ! :D oh my heavens yes . everything you said yes ! exactly ! i do procrastinate ... but i'm working on understanding the why behind it and that's helping me to look at it differently . for example , i used to beat myself up for procrastinating , but now i'm ... awww . i get it . i really , totally get it . big hug ! ! ! posted ! california woot ! yes , i would agree with the above ... kind of ... i know that if i have a crush on someone , yes , i get embarrassed and don't maintain eye contact for too long because i know i'll start blushing . ... yes , it does actually . maybe i'll sign up for it ... '