' about to shower and then make grilled cheese . anyone want to join me ? ... wait a second ... the grilled cheese is extra . > _ > : crazy : talking to my mom on the phone . i really should be more involved in this place ... half watching the nightmare before christmas , and completely being bored to tears . quite high , where i live , actually . : happy : how do you pronounce it , my dear ? :P i am currently wondering if anyone will notice ... > _ > eating leftover pasta and thinking about a silly conversation i had earlier on skype with my british friend about who pronounces pasta properly . we all need some amount of quiet time , but based on this , it looks like social interaction drains you ( this does not mean you dislike hanging out with your friends ) . it sounds like you're an ... will be on later , so probably tomorrow . work time ! : tongue : i reinstalled , and it installed properly . i connected for a couple of seconds , and my mic wasn't registering any sound within the program for some reason , though . : confused : i'll try to reconnect and ... eating a poptart and waiting in vain for my hair to dry before work . oh , you know you find this incredibly interesting ... : tongue : i can relate to most of those things on some level , but i don't think that necessarily means you're an esfj ( it's very possible , though ) . the real question you need to ask yourself is this : if you ... pc , running vista . edit : i uninstalled , and it installed properly . now to make sure my mic settings are correct . xd i tried installing ventrilo , and it made the icons for a lot of random programs on my computer disappear and turn into the default icon ( the one that programs / files have if there is no specific logo ... eating homemade candy and suddenly remembering why i quit wearing contacts last year ... : tongue : i totally would . :p roud : i'm an extroverted future english teacher ... : mellow : my brother is an istp ( low p , though ) , and we get along great . however , i think his girlfriend is an esfj too , and they have a lot of issues . i think istp's and esfj's make great friends , but i would ... i really really like infp's a lot , so that would be a definite possibility for my perfect mate . although , they would have to have a pretty high j ; the strong p in some of my infp friends drives me ... one word : nachos . : cool : eating a warm brownie fresh from the oven . :p roud : the psat was a lot easier than the sat . the sat wasn't difficult by any means , but the psat was kind of a joke . i was a national merit semi-finalist thanks to my really high psat score that i didn't ... anything but this giant pile of homework . : bored : sorry , all out of poison-ice at the moment , babe . : frustrating : i am sitting here with an achy and rumbly tummy , wishing it weren't going to be another three hours before my parents get to town to ... that was actually the main issue i had during the test , rofl . : crazy : being happy . that was a good date . he really knows how to make me laugh and smile . i even got a hug , and he smells good , as usual . :p roud : tomorrow i'm taking a test to show computer proficiency , but i just found out that it's on a mac , which i have never owned . * rolls eyes at self * i've used one before , but it's not familiar territory ... doing evaluation forms for open house at the school where work . bleh . i only know 80 % of the kids well enough to tell their parents what i think of them , so i am clueless about some of the ones i was ... nah , that's just how my brain works . : blushed : forcing myself to not eat any more stroganoff ... not going to succeed . : bored : ( so who knew firefox spellcheck thinks stroganoff isn't a word ? : mellow :) eating a frozen dinner ( bleh ) of spinach and mushroom pasta . i don't like mushrooms , so it's an interesting adventure for me to avoid them ... methinks viktoria knows a very unhealthy esfj . i would feel like such a jerk if i did that to someone . : frustrating : smokey is right , in my case , about the annoying energy output , randomly ... esfj's ftw ! wait ... we don't wanna win this one . : tongue : introverts are smarties , and extroverts are dummies , nana nana boo booo ! yeah . right . okay , dude . : tongue : i did post this article on facebook just now , though , to remind my friends ( who are ... rofl . this is great . nomming on delicious herb and butter rice . not as much flavor as my tongue enjoys most , but i'm in the mood for something mellow for once in my life . : cool : i could see him being a tad gullible ( i have no particular incidences that demonstrate this , though ) , and he is very enthusiastic . it still might go either way , though , because one infp i know is ... fleetfox : the more i think about it , the more it does make sense that he could be an infp . he does , however , seem to fit the enfp descriptions better , but i don't usually trust those anyway . i think , ... good , that was the poisoned bowl ! : tongue : so apparently i shouldn't have nearly as good a relationship with my infp roommate as i do . hmm . :d ry : watching reba and about to fix a bowl of ice cream . : laughing : i think add makes people lean more toward enfp , and asperger's makes people lean more toward intp . like grim said , it's the individual's way of handling life and the disorder that helps create their ... yeah , the thing is that he seems to think that introversion and extroversion are shyness vs . outgoingness ( he's a little hesitant around new people ) , so i'm not sure . i do think it's true that ... heehee , thanks . i'm not making a decision based solely on type , but i do like to really get to know a person before i get serious about them , and mbti is helpful . ( as are you , of course . ) :) he's ... i'm fairly certain about the nfp part of his personality ( not 100 % , seeing as his p seems to be fairly balanced , but the nfp descriptions do fit him a lot better than others ) , but the e / i is baffling ... i'll probably be pretty good at feeding it . : tongue : if i didn't know better , i'd say you were my infp roommate . and the only way i know better is that she hasn't seen howl's moving castle , haha ... but yes , this may be an infp thing because my friend ... feeling relieved . talking things out didn't end in disaster , and i finally get to see him this thursday . :p roud : my infp roommate knows she can tell me anything , but sometimes she'll start to say something , but then she'll stop herself and say , ugh , never mind ... i usually have to coax it out of her by ... hot drinks / soup tend to help me , as well as steam from cooking and hot showers . although , that's usually when my tonsils are swollen too , so that might be what it's soothing more than the sinuses ... '