' in others : yes , definitely . in myself : depends on the day , the mood , the weather , the people around me , ... i'm fluent in the basics like ordering food , small-talk and asking for directions . but i'm a beginner :) i've always been a part-time worker / part-time student and i did a lot of different things already . the things i enjoyed most were working as a waitress in an old-fashioned coffee shop in the city ... when the job interviewer tells you that you are too lively for excel spreadsheets : unsure : welcome sofia ! hello from vienna to italy :) you def sound enfp-ish , if you ask me ! my mother tongue is german , but i can also speak french , english and spanish . plus some basics in swedish :) interesting enough , in women i had crushes on exxp types . in men , it's almost always infp guys . :) top 5 characteristics [ / b ] - respectful - honest - reliable - intelligent and goal-oriented - funny / quirky humor top 5 physical features - eyes - smile i have started / stoped studying a lot of things . what didn't work out for me : business college ( i liked the intercultural management class and economics , but the rest bored me to death ) , teaching ... this , literally . plus this beckett quote : time management & budgeting skills . i don't need to use a calendar on the daily , but having a daily overview of my expenses and small steps towards big goals in a weekly schedule is really useful ... my mum is an entrepreneur , istj and single-mother of two kids . go figure . she didn't spend a lot of time with me when i was young , but she showered us with presents whenever she could afford it . when ... people think i'm drunk when i had too much coffee , but they perceive me as chatty and outspoken when i'm really tipsy , close to drunk . the more drunk i get , the more sentimental and over-emotional ... when was the moment that you realized your heart & soul wasn't into this job anymore ? although i sometimes need a lot of me time , i don't love it as much as my infp friend . i need people in my life and around me to be content and happy . i need conversation , intellectual stimulation , ... i do believe there is definitely more than one soulmate out there , but it's extremely rare to come across one . maybe i can explain this with a short example : i have always easily connected with all ... lauren graham aka lorelai gilmore ;D i just saw her at a live interview from the brit awards and another interview . pretty sure she's enfp . very fun , very extroverted :) ... it worked today ! :D thanks for your answer though ! :p erc 3 : their loyality , great humour and precise way of getting things done . :) what was your most memorable dream as a child ? i wanted to be a dancer , an actress or a writer ( or everything all at once , because that's what made a lot of sense to me : laughing :) what is your ... in my case , the enfp ratio of romantic / sexual chart is the wrong way . i'm hardly romantic and more sexual . but it's a fun chart . definitely would enjoy a dinner or a concert for a date :D i know that the forum is currently having some problems and i'm sure you are working on it and don't want another one chiming in in the choire of helpless users : unsure : but am i the only one who ... i'm a mix of 2 & 7 . can live with those descriptions pretty much :D 34 negotiator 28 explorer 20 builder 14 director this really depends on the mood i'm in and what is asked of me . if it's a subject that i don't care about , i don't put a lot of effort in it . if it's a personally relevant subject and i'm under a lot ... i don't think , as shandyerx also wrote above , that the personality type is related to sexuality . i'm bisexual and enfp , so what ! : wink :  ... absolutely hate studying for multiple choice ( mc ) tests :( no motivation for studying by heart , whatsoever ! : crying :  ... brazil : you are an adventure enthusiast , who likes to party , and enjoy a wild night out . you appreciate a culture with a vivacious lifestyle . you are drawn to warm climates , and love being near the ... rambling about every weird thing that comes to my mind without thinking too much about what i am actually saying - just to keep the conversation going . lots of positive body language and an open ... i was three months early and had to be flown out to another hospital specialized in premature infants ... so i was born in june , but i should have come in september .  ... last summer i immersed in ben howard's album on a train away from a loved one . i didn't notice that i started crying during the song until the passenger right next to me offered me a tissue ... mando diao ( the 1975 being a close 2nd , though ) : cool : : kitteh : & they're really nice before / after shows to fans and down to earth guys . ... both of my best friends are infp :) i don't have problems with it , but i need more breaks in between or i start drifting off into wonderland or find another task which is more interesting to me ;) shut down when there's actually something really bad or problematic going on inside them . it's exhausting to get it out of them , if they are not keen on talking about it or be upfront about it .  ... orange is the new black , doctor who , how to get away with murder , parenthood , the mindy project :D :)  i'll tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife  ... '