' since i live in the one of the prime areas for seeing the full eclipse , i really hope that the traffic is at least somewhat manageable because i still have to work on monday . i knew that i should ... i have to keep telling myself that i will get into an occupational therapy program somewhere , even if i don't have any experience as a cna or emt and even if i suck at standardized testing . today i got to feel what it's like to dislocate your shoulder . it hurts as much as they say it does . i'm trying not to feel resentful of trying to do the right thing all of the time and feeling like i don't get anything out of it . i wish that the constant voice that tells me that i'm not good enough , not productive enough , and is currently telling me that i'm partially to blame for my grandma's dementia would just shut the ... i've already finished my major . i'm a non-trad playing catch up so i can start applying for the 2019-2020 year . so instead of taking college algebra this fall , i might have to take chemistry or physics instead due to all of the college algebra sections being full . but of course i need to email the schools that ... i hope i find a counselor that's a good fit . i have one or two local ones in mind that focus on the kind of therapy and areas that i need to work on , but i think it's a step in the right direction ... after having a rough day emotionally for no reason and exhausting myself from trying not to cry at work all day , i've decided to suck it up and call about counseling tomorrow . the argument of everybody else does it has never worked for me . you have to actually give me a good reason for something , otherwise i'm not going to do it or i'm going to do the opposite just to ... i guess the road paved with good intentions leads to frustration , especially when you drive an hour and a half to spend another hour and a half convincing someone that you're not their shitty ... i got the news today that grandma has fluid on her heart , which means she's pretty much screwed . the nursing home is going to keep an eye on her , but she has a do not resuscitate order , so when she ... the cat ruined my photogenic moment by getting out of the new belgium folly beer box i had opened for him because he had wanted to lay in it . grandma thinks that i need someone to take care of me , which is worse than her fear of leaving me alone . fuck . the fucking people at grandma's nursing home tried to get us to pay an extra thousand a month for therapy without doctor's orders . they called me first because they thought i would say yes , but of ... so i went on a date tonight . i think i made a friend , anyway . i'm not really interested in dating him though because he's too dominant for my tastes and his energy is like a force of nature , when i ... i finally called to make a counseling appointment and of course , i have to see a nurse practitioner before i can be referred to the counselor , but i'll go with it if it turns out that the counselor ... one of these days , i will stop feeling guilty for putting myself first . i know a lot of it is wrapped in my guilt in having to put grandma in a nursing home and my having to deal with grief over her ... so i'm working on a poem that makes me uncomfortable and that i don't really feel qualified to write , but maybe that's why i should write it and read it tomorrow night . so thanks to being a teeth grinder and jaw thruster , my cheeks hurt due to stress . yay . so i already have one series with a long timeline that takes place between the mid - 2020 ' s to maybe the late 2070 ' s , but since i decided that series takes place in an alternate dimension because ... i got a sparkle ( bonus points ) for my discussion board posts in abnormal psych last week . i'll take it . i'm pretty sure i got the stupid apa citation right , but of course i had to go into freakout mode and make sure they were all right , even if it was just a discussion board post . so on the discussion board for my abnormal psychology class this week , i have no partner for the biological perspective . really ? 629458 6294 66 took some selfies without glasses . i go back for x-rays and a checkup on my foot on tuesday . i had ended up bruising a bone a couple of weeks ago and since then , i've been wearing a smaller boot and a much larger boot at work . i ... i just did a facepalm because one of my online professors called bonus points sparkles in her syllabus . i tripped on the stairs tonight and now i have a spectacular bruise forming on my bunion . in reference to me probably getting bronchitis from a customer , i texted a friend . some of the pervy old guys who like to hit on me might be glad to have passed on an std . i was officially diagnosed with bronchitis this morning and was given antibiotics for pneumonia as a precaution . i really hope the antibiotics help rid of the low-grade fever i've had since tuesday ... now i'm starting to think that this cough i've had for the past couple of days is bronchitis because now i'm running a fever . instead of freaking out about what all i have to do over the next year and worrying about not having an appropriate background for ot , i'm going to go ahead and take a cpr class through the local ... 608202 the lighting's weird , but whatever . fine , universe . i won't joke about taking cow heart dissection parts that look like roast beef as part of thanksgiving dinner to relatives i don't like . it's probably bad karma . i had to permanently put my grandma in a nursing home earlier this week . i really think she doesn't have more than a few months left and now i'm really trying not to let the grief and loneliness ... dear body , i know it's been an emotionally exhausting week , but i really hope you've caught up on sleep at this point . i can't regularly take three and a half hour naps . choking on thin air has to be a special talent of some kind . also , having to listen to jingle bells from a christmas display for 2 + hours at work tonight made me want to kill someone . so two customers were talking about their several marriages and the guy said , if i hadn't gotten married , i wouldn't have had to pay fucking child support . i wanted to say , then you ... the bathtub drain is now partially unclogged . i'll fight with it more in the morning . also , grandma is probably coming home on monday , which means doing a last minute deep clean of the house ... i managed to get an a on my a & p test and i'm pretty sure i was the only one who did . in my case , curiosity should not trump listening to complete fucking idiots . goddamn it . i was doing well , but now the stress and loneliness is starting to kick back in . i'm currently taking anatomy and physiology as a prerequisite for occupational therapy . i hope that one of these days i won't be ruled by the little voice that tells me i'm not good enough . 13 - year-old-me : i won't ever need algebra , lulz . 26 - year-old me : i have to take college algebra next semester because it's a requirement for other ot prerequisites and i am totally not prepared ... maybe i should just focus on getting into 4 ot programs in missouri and ku and save myself taking even more classes than what i have to . i need a new hobby or a vacation or something to distract me and something to channel my stress into . all i want to do is hide , but i'm not allowed to do that because i have obligations . it'd be ... in the continuous old , creepy , sexist men saga , i got called good girl , good sweetie , and baby in one transaction . '