crude humor , reflective , compassionate , weirdo , always in need for hugs i very very rarely see dreams but yesterday night i dreamed of having a trio with an acquaintance girl of mine + her friend ... wtf trying to calm down and trying to write an email to this damned pc shop that is refusing to refund or giving me working graphics card . i bought a msi 970 gtx at a well known pc shop here and it ... i got so used to russian songs when i was a kid that i never stopped loving it . the giver i noticed the that more time passes the shittier movies get wth ... seems people have ran out of creativity double post asus rog swift 1440p 144hz monitor corsair air 540 new set of ram new motherboard + cpu and another msi 970gtx for sli + car stereo ( mine cant be connected to ipod pfff ) : unsure : that i have weird eyes . this happened to me back like years ago by a girl from my school . it was her opening line to get to know me . i like weird things , its such a turn on . fluffiest and most squeezable + supa looking smiley on diz planet . everytime i see dis smiley i wanna squeeze people and fluffly little animals . must be cause i'm plain touchy-feely , i just wanna ... i'm so awesome that i never have to do a thing or say a word to attract females . what to do first as in internet marketing . reading up on internet marketing ( soon be to trying it out ) and eating nuts decent if we exclude headache which i always get from driving car ... porn danger gives satisfaction : crazy : i don't think there is anyone out there that can even manage that : crazy : deep down everyone cares i love cute little fluffy animals :D little rabbits for example : crazy : reading comments on particular youtube videos and having lots of giggles : crazy : i came across their music recently when watching isle of man ( motorcycle crazyness ) . she is singing a song called faster and faster and i liked it . so i dled some music of them from youtube and when ... nowdays stuff which is most of pop and all music with almost nekid people ( like there is no porn enough ) well this one is easier as her profile says so :p make it hard to guess : crazy : infj cookies ( dang , mine does the same ) : shocked : enfp * trance : emotional / uplifting / melodic / hard * hardstyle * hardcore / happy * goa / psychadelic * 70 ' s 80 ' s and 90 ' s pop and some rock ( favorite bands : modern talking and scooter ) * opera * ... this kind of music ( trance , especially melodic / uplifting / emotional ) is the only music that describes the emotions i feel on daily basis . emotions that i ... first person i ever seen saying that : shocked : yea its hard compared to other languages as the alphabet is also completely different sauce . i used to have grammar horror experiences in school lol ... a good man transformers : age of extinction edge of tomorrow = = garbage xmen days of the future storm rider = = also garbage from tomorrow on i'll be playing bf 4 . can't wait . listening to hardtrance mix + waiting till firefall is done applying patch . excited cause i finally upgraded my gpu and cpu cooler :D melonas from 14.07 dat particular track omg . i used to be addicted to dis particular song so i decided to learn the lyrics and to this date i remember every word : crazy : double post sigh enfp fluent in english , dutch and georgian . can write , read and understand russian and french and some basic talking . i forgot russian most of it , speaking dat is . i learnt most of english by ... nothing beats melodic / vocal trance / hard trance specially when driving a car . you just wanna go full speed till the end of the world : crazy : expendables 3 aftermath bermuda tentacles : these last 2 were total waste of time & garbageness at its finest ... listening to hard dance mix 2012 while reading pc hardware news the only vampire books i've ever read are cat & bones by jeaniene frost ( night huntress series ) suggested by a close friend gal . not sure why but i gave it a try . agelessnes , being able to endure ... the monk who sold his ferrari by robin s sharma firefall ( weekly ) once in a month rift ( used to be hardcore before till it went f2p garbage ) 2 pieces of bread , butter & jam . just like old times : tongue : haha . well yea , dem fluffy cheeks must be visible :D cute & badass in one package : crazy : ot : a gal to cuddle with untill god's particle hit us : shocked : a country without limitations / restrictions and some obligations . is there a such thing ? : rolleyes : pisces of 20th march having scorpio moon / ven aqua . i'm a heavy fire pisces . i guess that explains me being an enfp . who knows . i dream of this spider that was as big as my head trying to take bite off me :( . that freaking thing could jump 15m high . when it jumped towards me i woke up and since then could not sleep anymore , i ... complete freedom + full fitness material + someone to tease and thats it staring at my screen while typing :p how stuck i am in life and future studies / work personalitycafe : shocked :