' thanks guys ! it's weird that i identified with isfj's for so long and now it seems that i use more of isfp's functions . but i know the isfj descriptions have just felt really off lately , and this ... the second option definitely appeals to me way more than the first . i don't have big dreams of success , but i do have dreams of spending time with someone i love and who loves me back . i feel as if ... i've had confusion about my type before and used the old form . back then , it was debatable whether i was an isfj or isfp . based on functions , which i'm still sort of confused about , i felt like i ... i want to find someone to spend the rest of my life with . i'm not really sure about getting married , just because if something does go wrong in the relationship , it will be easier to deal with if ... i hum in my sleep ; i've woken myself up a few times doing it . fortunately my roommate finds it amusing rather than annoying . back in high school when my mom would wake me up for the day , i would ... what kind of driver are you ? i've had my license for a year and a half , but have only had a vehicle of my own to drive consistently for a little less than a year . are you cautious ? fast ? usually ... i'm either a 6 or a 9 , not completely sure . i identified more as a 6 for a while , but when i think about it now , i feel like more of the 9 characteristics fit me . i still have trust issues , though , ... a year long vacation without any responsibilities , no would you please do this , even if it wasn't your fault in the first place that everything was messed up . oh , and love would be nice right ... to travel to another world , even if it may only exist from the time i open the book until the time i close it . because life on a daily basis is nowhere near as interesting as the adventures that ... wow , that is almost exactly the thought flow i have some nights when i'm stressed out and my mind wanders , preventing me from falling asleep . just question after question after question , all of which ... birds are chirping , my nephew is upstairs fussing , he sounds sick . his mom is probably sick based on how she was yesterday which is probably why she hasn't brought him down here yet . i feel a little ... ahh , sorry , didn't realize that thread existed . please ignore this then . i was just wondering how everyone personally defines the phrase just be yourself . i'm usually confused when someone says it to me , because even though i may act differently around people , depending ... so , do you isfj's feel comfortable sharing your living space ? i am comfortable to an extent . i'm ok living with my family and friends that i know well . i felt weird , though , going to college and ... it usually depends on what type of mood i'm in when i start reading , how far into the book i am , and how interesting it is . if i'm just starting the book out and it's still going through the slow ... thank you . yeah , i try to look for times when we're both in our home town area since we are relatively far away , but it doesn't happen too often . it doesn't help that my parents moved to an area ... i have a rant . my best friend is one of the most important people in my life . in middle and high school , she was one of the few people who was really there for me . i really think i would have gone ... this song i think is pretty easy to relate to . i think it might have been posted on another music post . the memory of looking for my keys definitely seems distant . i can visualize what was going on , i know how i was feeling , i kind of remember what others said to me , but it definitely doesn't feel like ... i'm not very competitive when it comes to games . i'm not sure if it's because of my isfj-ness , or if it's just that i've accepted that for the most part i'm not great at games . xd i usually just do ... that thought scares me , to be with someone all of the time . i need my alone time . yes , it's nice to spend a lot of time with a significant other if you've been together for a while , but all of the ... when i'm around people i don't know that well , i try to keep a guarded face where my emotion doesn't really get through . around friends and family , though , i tend to be pretty easy to read . the only ... everybody here is so good looking ! here is a picture of me : 30415 do you need any help ? i'm not sure , but i can find out for you ! do you think we should ? don't worry about it , i can get it . thank you . i don't have time , but if you need me to , i can ... 1 . if you could only live on one type of food for the rest of your life , what would it be ? i also have to agree about the pasta . there's just so much you can do with it , and it is absolutely ... isfj and i guess i have a preference for sporting and herding . i just like their energy , their drive . plus , for the most part , they're medium sized , which is also a plus ! i don't need to worry about ... i like my name , mainly because i'm named after my grandmother . she died before i was born , so it's kind of the only connection i have with her . i'm not sure if a name can completely describe someone , ... i feel like i have a similar problem to yours . i want to respond to topics , but i rarely do . i am not really wrapped up in making my comments perfect , but rather i'd rather not state my opinion on ... 1 . yes , i will approve the treatment of our child only because it would help reduce the chances of some diseases and because there haven't been any side effects . if there were side effects , i would ... this happens to me a lot as well . i usually just try to make myself busy , like doing laundry , cleaning , or focusing on my work . if that doesn't work , i'll just lay down and think for a while , until i ... for me , it was nice having big birthday parties as a child , having lots of family and friends over to enjoy it and getting all of the attention . but in the last few years , i have definitely come to ... cool story , bro really sets me on edge . it's just usually used in a very disrespectful manner . some more that disgust me : holla / holler ballin ' legit 91.25 % i know i'm not the most emotionally stable person , but it still seems too high . i've been around for a few months now , but i guess better late than never ! i'm a 19 year old female , currently going to college and majoring in biology . what i want to do after college , i'm not ... i got the moose . your unique characteristics and impressive presence make others notice you when you walk in . you have a big heart but tend to prefer quiet time alone and occasional gatherings ... isfp is what i mainly mistype as . it probably happens at least 40 % of the time . i'm most of the way through warbreaker by brandon sanderson . i was in my high school chemistry class , and the teacher assigned us our final exam . it was a crossword that we had to do . i remember panicking because i felt like i had no clue how to do it . i tried ... you are a considerate realist . you are a realist your attention to detail , appreciation of how things function , and awareness of the world around you make you a realist .  ... i get sensory overloads if i stay in the same loud place for an extended period of time . i just feel worn out and get a headache . i've noticed this going to restaurants with my loud family , or at our ... i'm a leo , but i don't really follow horoscopes . i guess the main reason i did actually drive him was because nobody else would . i look back on it more as a fun experience , though . it's not something that i would normally have done , and i guess ... thanks so much for those detailed descriptions liquidlight ! i feel like the isfj description does fit me better . i feel like i do use more fe than fi . also where you said inferior ne causes ... most of my test results have been isfj , with isfp results as well . every now and then i'll test as infx , but that's rare . i'm just curious , can you please explain the main functional differences ... sorry it's a little long , i got a little carried away filling out the questionnaire . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? there are several things , like i think i ... i always dream in color , even particularly sad dreams ; i don't ever remember having a black and white dream . i had a dream soon after my grandpop died , pretty much of his funeral , but he was also ... i feel comfortable doing anything , except eating at a public restaurant , alone . i definitely like my privacy , it also lets me go at my own pace , stopping and thinking about something where i need to , ... 1 . do you sleep with your sheets tucked in or out ? usually tucked in . 2 . how many pillows do you sleep with ? two , unless it's a big pillow . 3 . do you replace the toilet paper if you use ... i am the same way . i pretty much store everything up until it comes out in one big burst . when it does come , i just try to hold it back in again , especially if i'm around people , usually by using ... '