i just don't care anymore , i feel nothing . perhaps i need a holiday to find myself . not really no . i'm the same as your friend i think it's about time i let myself be vulnerable & enter a fulfilling relationship . the romantic side of me has a void that needs filling . i'm 26 and lived a good life but for some reason i am angry , all the time . finished high school then went on to finish university . got a well paying job & moved out . have plenty of close mates , ... for me , i just get busy & caught up with what i'm doing . the people i spent time with have a relation to the activities i am pursuing at the time . i'll still meet close friends though , guess you ... insecurities , this is an interesting one . i don't know if it classifies as an insecurity but ... feeling nothing . people can socialize & feel so easily . it seems like a huge task for me , is it ... depends on the situation & there has to be a reason or end goal . 100 % can relate . i posted this , because for me ... i am not naturally talented . however , through hard work & repetition i become skilled at what i pursue . if i do have a natural ability though , it would be to ... what skills / abilities do you have that you believe make you great & stand out from others ? what do you think you could change the world with ? if you are talking about a serious relationship with the opposite sex ... i find it extremely hard . i've been dating around , but i just feel nothing , even after spending so much time with them & ... finding worthwhile & genuine relationships are hard to find & maintain . which one do you like more ? why ? depends on if you are willing to do it , to get what you want . you can't practice in the mirror . it is like punching a boxing bag , it is not the same as an actual fight who reacts to your actions . ... i used to take e & coke when i went to music festivals / a good dj was playing at a club . not anymore , staying clean & healthy . i don't drink as much as i used to . i don't avoid sex . it takes the ... i haven't found a woman i would be loyal to recently . when i am single i am a playboy and i abide by it 100 % . when i enter a serious relationship it , it is something i have taken the time to consider ... no , because when it happens i choose . if you act angry & irritated over something so simple , you have no control . i'm 24 :( i'm still surprised you have 1,199 posts in a span of a month a few weeks . what is evil to you ? how does someone evil to you act ? definitely lust , not just for women . i go to the gym everyday , swim every second day & do bjj 3 times a week . i'm 24 , my body & health are top notch . the reason you failed the aptitude test is because uou lack aptitude . believing yourself to be perfect for the job doesn't make it so . you should work on it . i don't feel envy . greed and ... my parents call me arrogant . - in the scheme of things how important is it to entj's that you behave / make decisions in a manner that is consistent with your values ? extremely important . - how important is it that others ... iron man from the movies & iron man in the comics are different . which one are you referring to ? i'm 8w9 . emotions are a tool to be utilized . when put into a situation i have the cunning & resilience to come out on top . a juicy woman that's looking sexy . well-dressed & done up . a bad girl with a feminine elegance to her . massages feel good after a long week at the gym ! 1 ) bored all the time , have to engage in self-destructive acts to feel alive . 2 ) have to tone myself down for others at times or else they get butt hurt & want no association with me . 3 ) ... for me , adaptability . when bored / people aren't too fun or interesting . for me , social settings are a gym for socializing . if i am not at work or working on a hobby of mine then i am out for a good time & thrills . it ... i used to put labels on myself . over the years , fuck labels . i adapt to the situation at hand & know what i have to do / be in order to get the results i want . manipulation is thrilling for me . i adapt to the situation . a wolf in sheep's clothing ... depends on where & who i'm with . you got burnt like a witch ... i laughed . some are too sensitive . after reading this thread this scene came to mind if she got her shit together i would admire & respect her for it . if she turned her life around & we hadn't seen each other for a while ... firstly , we would have a sexathon . after that we'd talk ... chess pieces . this thread perfectly describes my relationship with some women . most likely , he enjoys your company & likes having you around . something about you keeps you in his life . although , if you don't ... i'm sure the gym will offer a trial period . bjj is human chess & ground work . mt is striking . don't judge till you have tried . a lot of it has to do with how experienced & hands on your ... tbh , i am bored most of the time . i seek thrill & risk to feel alive . there are 2 sides . the career & work side , which is me adapting to the world in order for me to make $ & climb the ladder ... i'm doing bjj & mt right now . i was going to do mma , but if you start with mma you become a jack of all trades . i'd rather master / have experience in ground & striking before going into mma . depends if you can make $ out of it . esports is becoming huge . i've made some money playing here in au but not enough to be primary income . the problem for an entj isn't taking action , it's whether or not the investment is worth it in the long run . priorities my life is basically the sith code : peace is a lie , there is only passion through passion , i gain strength through strength , i gain power through power , i gain victory through victory , my ... yes . all the time , it is my primary source of motivation . i do not let my emotions get the best of me & burst out . it simmers . i used to walk the other path , but i find it too complacent . the ... i know i must be sociable to get far in the world because it is hard to climb & get far by yourself . i often struggle to determine if i am an entj or intj . i find that other people invigorate me , ... link didn't work the first time ... your personality your result : driver let's do it my way . desire to have control . needs sense of obedience , appreciation for accomplishments , credit for ...