' awakening ( 1990 ) - probably the best robert deniro movie ever detatchment ( 2012 ) - adrien brody good will hunting ( 1997 ) the builder ( 2012 ) ^ these movies are centered on introverted characters . i ... mostly fetish photography i could never explain or describe this feeling in words like you just did . wow ! this is me to a tee wow , thats exactly how i am ... i do things differently and expect people to get it but i have to remind myself that people don't think like i do . there always seems to be some type of ... i use to date an enfp a couple year ago when i first moved to cali ... very very fun relationship i very well know what your going through ... i just left the military a little over 6 months ago ( navy ) . probably one of the most enjoyable experience i've had . i'm pretty sure i've came across more ... that really sucks that you had to hear that from other people .. sorry you had to go through that experience . i'm sure more than a few of us here have been misunderstood and labeled as stuck up . it ... glass blower ... seems very therapeutic watching people actually making shapes out of glass merchant mariner jobs are pretty hands on graphic & web design is really fun especially the learning ... i love jerry's comedic persona ... it's funny watching him go back and forth with larry david seeing that they both wrote the show seinfield . i would say an asian country .. in most cases i would say yeah . i think once you get comfortable in your own skin that changes over time . i personally think that he just dislikes you or is just a horrible communicator ... i highly doubt talking to him about it is going to change his attitude . i don't know why i just have a feeling based ... yeah tell me about it ... i'm horrible at conversing . i'm just not that interested or skilled in small talk i'm very anti-social ... i'm afraid because i'm too at ease about it so i'm sitting next to one of my classmates today and he's always asked if i like such and such and i'll reply no not really . and this has been going on for reoccurring weeks . so today he ask me if i ... i wish i could be bring about more enthusiasm when it comes to small talk .. it's so draining though . i think larry david explains it best sports & politics seinfeld has really grown on me ... i like larry david / curb your enthusiasm type of humor . yeah i can't really hang on to friends that long either .. it always end up as some misunderstanding from the result of my aloofness . it doesn't bother me as much anymore since it happens alot . extremely sensitive at times .. my skin is getting a little thicker as i get older aloof reserved compulsive quiet kind hearted i can very much relate . i'm a horrible intellect . seems like i always know what the perfect thing to say in a conversation a day or a few hours later lol . but i'm real observant of other people's ... i love cleaning . it temporarily distracts my mind from reality and puts me in a zone . it may be the military training idk . i do get the same way your feeling when it comes to school work and ... yeah it does get annoying .. i'm sure they mean no harm when they ask or joke on how quiet we are . i try not to take it too personal . i use to get mad at that question all the time because they refer ... yeah i'm majoring in graphic design . love it ! funny i naturally look mad ... whats wrong ? is the question i get all the time :d ry : nail on the head .. nice post ! self judgement / loathing defensive on the slightest comments people make over analyzing things people say just some of the things i'm currently going through at the moment .. i'm pretty unhealthy ... i think you can change temporarily but like you said you always revert back to home best way is to accept it and face it head on without feeling guilty or judging / comparing yourself on how you should be feeling . acceptance of self is the key to get through those emotional lows ... it's common . i'm pretty non reactive myself . there's actually no reason for it as people want to put a label on everything we do . it's just how we are and i know it's pretty hard to read . there's no ... 1 . gossiping 2 . mayonnaise on my burger 3 . facebook attention whores yes ! i'm the exact same way .. putting thoughts into words is extremely difficult . i'm sure its a skill that you could practice and get better at but i usually keep things to myself anyways . my boy bob ross ... loved watching him work his magic on tv when i was younger . the thing i loved most about him was that he ... seems like your struggling to be more extroverted just to be seen in the public eye as a person who is normal or a cool guy . i very well know what your going through because i use to have that ... 1 ) what is your current career / occupation ? student / graphic design 2 ) do you enjoy / love it ... or just do it because you need to ? it's pretty cool . different from the ... im 5 ' 10 178 pounds ... so i'm a slim dude . i eat kind of healthy though ( alot of chinese food ) . i don't drink soda only water and smoke alot of pot and jog . funny i read somewhere that majority of ... yes ! jogging really makes everything better for me . endorphins are very beneficial for my overall well-being . extremely no country for old men the assasination of jesse james casino goodfellas the godfather 1 & 2 the departed oceans 11 & 13 i like alot of mob style type movies .. it's very appealing a cinnabon ... with extra frosting ! mmmmmm yeah i get what your saying ... not a fan of the nature myself tell me about it ... sometimes i take the initiative but only if i get in that mood which doesn't happen that often lol ... probably once a month . hmmm interesting ... ( strokes chin ) welcome .. been to singapore many many times when i was in the navy . very clean country ! dogs are so awesome man . i had one when my girl was living with me but we split and the dog went with her . i can honestly say that me and her dog had some of the best times together . her on the other ... lol , pets are awesome i feel horrible for doing this but i do it all the time :/ ... sometime i just feel drawn away from friends . could be that their interests doesn't align with mines or i feel like there's nothing more ... haha , thats me all the way . sometimes the the guilt trip hits me and i say to myself i should be hanging out with people and be social but when i do hang it's always man i rather be home surfing ... all the time . it sucks sometimes but that's just our personality . if you can simply accept that feeling and don't put mental judgement on it ( feeling guilty or comparing how you should be feeling ... too hard to comprehend . so many words '