' i ended up getting 114 under sd 16 . was time factored in ? maybe i should have used the other twenty minutes . eh , i've just been having problems defining the plain average recently , and the first three aren't helping its case . also , muffins always make everything worthwhile , especially banana nut . i know the questions become ridiculously difficult , but the averages are saying that the typical person can't even finish the first four . the test was designed for iqs over 130 , so i guess it ... welp , looks like i'm already above the normal iq by . 1 a few seconds after looking at the first problem . why am i suddenly disappointed ? it took me . 5 seconds to bother my eyes by looking at that thing . welp , that sounds exactly like what i'm dealing with right now , sans a few buddies on msn and whatnot . i guess i brought this on myself for being late with college enrollment ; i need to wait ... the thinking used to create the boxes is rigid , but do we actually use them rigidly ? for example , i may seem merely stubborn when i defend my views ( even against myself ) , but i'm really only ... he probably was serious , but that's not what i meant . he was relying on the four dichotomies and those vague descriptions that float around the internet . those mean little if you ignore the cognitive ... - estp style practical jokes - list making sjs - the entire alpha article . nope . i guess i do fit the stereotype , but not to any extreme . the fact that it always appealed to me says something , however . hello ; just reading your post . if we shared the exact same experiences , there really wouldn't be much to discuss aside from rampant , useless agreement . i've considered how odd being cloned would be , too . if we were to share the ... schizoid : high schizotypal : moderate everything else was low . the bad function ? i would imagine that many intps would believe that they have a weak ne , but it seems to stem from the descriptions of ne as it appears in enxps . we usually have a well developed ... a couple of the op's attacks on jcfs seemed to really have a point , but then he brought up pod'lair ... he's just naming superficial problems with mbti without even beginning to explain why his ... i suppose i did overlook that . however , while everyone is more comfortable with an expert opinion , i've found si users to disregard something a non-expert may say ( when seeking an expert ) , rather ... i would recommend going so , as zombie said , the doc will tell you that nothing is wrong . sjs tend to value expert opinions on something , even when the same opinion has been stated before by someone ... i often dwell on unpleasant incidents , but rather than plot revenge or feel angry , i'll overanalyze it ( people occasionally tell me i do this , even when most of my thoughts aren't out loud ) . i'll try ... oh boy , an experiment ( maybe ) . perhaps ask someone involved to get a point in the correct direction ? the anglican church seems involved with the english government , so it shouldn't be difficult to ... nivia : what a strange post . the air of implicit superiority is incredibly thick , yet you're ... saying that we are more intelligent than we think of ourselves ? the posters in the thread are not trying ... yeah , i will admit most online iq tests like to use that feelgood tactic to make people hand over their money , and may give out 130 + scores like candy . still , is it possible to find the average ... all right , so si-te , te-si , si-fe , and fe si are left brained axes . sps are the same for right , sans that si becomes se . it shows that si is left brained and se is right brained , but why do the ... money spending money to make more money in order to spend money again for the purpose of farming money . we currently can't even truly prove we exist , let alone currency . oh well . it's official : science proves istjs learn from the past . what i noticed in the last arguments is that these points were completely ignored : a : the bell curve accounts for the population as a whole . b : iq tests heavily disfavor those with sensing in ... i've had suspicions of some people being threatened by me , but i was often oblivious to it at the time . haven't had any major issues or violent envy , but your issue ( as it has been stated before ) ... ah , moving this discussion to the general nt board ? i would imagine entjs being the most left brained , but i dunno about intjs . they may score fairly left due to te , but their internal functions ... of course , now i'll actually have to go and learn this . i scored at about 28-29 , adjusting for ambiguous answers . physicists usually end up with one point above average ? i will admit that surprised me . yet , they even ask if you want to peel flakes off of people . do you not find that incredibly relevant ? you're looking at the issue fairly logically while throwing out possible explanations ( relating to the past ) . ti-ne-si , all seem to be there . as for the issue of not being able to concentrate , it's ... from the looks of it , i'm fairly normal aside from that huge social / communication spike . perhaps that merely implies that i'm always in my head , even when i'm not supposed to be ? i knew that already , ... is it really necessary to have legitimate personality disorders to be racist ? i would admit that they're likely si dominant , yet holding racist views doesn't require being clinically antisocial . they ... if there's a correlation between brain usage and jungian functions , could that mean either preferences shape brain development or brain development guides preferences ? society tends to create more of ... left : 54 % right : 46 % left - 50 % logical 27 % reality-based 25 % symbolic 22 % linear 14 % sequential i watch jersey shore regularly , it really isn't trash . as in most cases of intps with an underdeveloped ne , you're likely in a dominant - relief loop of ti - si . aside from being a ti backup , si is essentially a direct inhibitor on ne who will tell you ... ah , reposted a link that was already here . regardless , i would also check the more detailed entp , istp , infp , and intj descriptions to make sure they can't be you . i still wonder if i'm really ... i criticize this whole damn thread . it's on spam boards everywhere , and now even the nt board . anywhere from 125-135 on the online ones , never bothered to take offical tests like the binet . all it measures is how quickly you can solve logical / spacial puzzles . anyone can do what they want ... i can't stand astrology . why would jupiter or saturn hold any weight in our affairs ? they protect the inner planets from comets and such , but now they exude some mystical force on newborns ? even if ... thinking of ways to shake my minecraft addiction ... well , as many of us have seen recently , ni has a toxic reaction to ne wanting to get the meaning out of anything and everything , coupled with ti thinking for the sake of thinking . if ti is denied and ... edit : i suppose i'm not very good at these . interesting nonetheless . would anyone care to explain the pattern in 3 1 4 15 9 ... , however ? i can see that the numbers fluctuate between larger and ... i had pretty atrocious grades . never really felt like doing all of my assignments , even when it was all easy . had like a 1.5 overall gpa , but my last semester was decent . i also have a solid plan ... now that i think about it , i really haven't seen any esfjs . plus , there were more intps than esfjs in here for a while . odd . my personal favorite : ah . it's always relevant . intp - lime , aka green . we might need an infp to get very much out of this . i suppose she's asserting that in order to be content , we must embrace imperfection and uncertainty . however , isn't this already well known ? i ... i have a feeling that many of us here seemed doubtful when reading the title . i'm not 100.00 % certain that i'm an intp , nor am i even half certain about anyone else's typing . if i have a sense of ... cake , swords , and saddam hussein in a poor disguise . what can go wrong ? '