' seeing a lotta fi / te and not a strong amount of extroverted-perception function in your descriptions , so either ixfp or ixtj with a ( pretty good ) bias toward ixfp . my sense is not istp . also , do take note that is describing aspects of / linking you to socionics , not mbti / jungian . while they share similarities and offer distinct ( and overlapping ) ... well done , jetplane 48 yeah , i consider myself really lazy , even if some people would say i work a lot . but work a lot = get stuff done that i have decided is worth getting done now . the ( sometimes logical ) argument ... it is what it is . i do a similar thing with intuitives . or people in general . sometimes without the smile . and with raised brows instead . eck , pollyanna . i enjoyed it when i read it . then i had to write an english essay on it . it grated on me afterward . school assignments also ruined goddess of yesterday for me . reading for ... i started using it for group logistics . i still use it that way . i also use it ( and messenger moreso ) to share stuff with family / friends . how do you fit and differ from istp stereotypes ? somewhat and somewhat . it depends on the description . also , have you grown up being misunderstood or feeling you don't fit in ? of course , but ... a few thoughts - - to first break down these words by etymology : intelligence : from latin intelligentia , intellegentia , meaning understanding , knowledge , power of discerning ; art , skill , taste ... to give you some possibly helpful references : from this post forward : ... the situation linked to it and possible assumptions / beliefs i have that may be related to my emotional reaction . i don't try to deconstruct what sadness / happiness / etc is . i agree with much of what you describe . you could still be an istp . look at the specific cognitive function dynamics and see if you agree with the istp ti-se-ni-fe order dynamic , rather than the ... aw10 - - i can see what you mean . my system of an abstract human being is looking at people and interactions through the lens of mbti cognitive functions . if i understand them on that level , it ... zedarko - - have you given this ( entj / entp / enfj ) more thought , or are you taking some time off from it ? ( which may be good - - taking a break certainly helped me in my own search years ago ) it is possible . i know an estj who is uncomfortable with digging through their own feelings or being sure of certain aspects of their identity ( in spite of what others tell them ) . if an internal ... ^ this i believe is a key point for you : how is the ni / se dynamic different in an intj vs an istp ? by no means am i error-free or complete in explaining , but here's a first attempt at ... i'd say this is more indicative of a je dom / aux-function rather than se . se is more absorption of a present state / environment rather than getting things done . because se is good at absorbing ... mayhap this will shed a bit of light on the similarities - - when does an istp look like an intp or intj ? depending on the context people know me in , the closest people usually get to typing me is ... zedarko : not istp . i'd go with xntj . i've gotten good at complimenting and encouraging people without compromising honesty and sarcasm . ;) and only several hours ? you've clearly got some pretty nice people around you , then - - that's ... i tend to make friends with people either older or younger than me , not my cohorts . can you make some sort of makeshift small group with some freshmen ? like over lunch just join in with a group of ... yes , i have a group of 4 close friends , 3 of whom are also close friends with each other . all of them have some sort of shared interest with me , some more than others . a lynchpin in becoming friends ... depending on the context in which people meet me in , the descriptions of initial impression vary . i've gotten sweet , nice , serious , unapproachable , aloof , intimidating , goofy , ... to give another istp answer as reference : generally , not really . if it was regarding a very sensitive subject , i would take the time to consider the best delivery of the answer or turn the ... i'd describe my use of ti as a dispassionate analysis seeking and selecting the means and principles for responding to the world . i like ' s description : if i notice an information gap , ... this is based on my experience of a young , slightly immature enfp , and a handful of infps , some more immature than others . take this with a grain of salt : one challenge is that ne considers an ... i agree that istps are more expressive in things they are interested / believe in . i disagree that an enfp and an istp move similarly , generally , though i could imagine instances in which they could ... no , not really . you come off more effusive than would be characteristic of most istps . like , i can feel the outward emotional and distracted-then-refocusing energy coming off of your typed ... it depends on the type of work . in most cases i get things done quickly and efficiently . in other cases ( like in academia ) i can drag things out and simply finish something by the deadline . yeah , it can be hard for people to read a fi-user's emotions , but the moment a fi-user starts to emote , i do see the sort of self-justification / validation you describe . the fi-doms i know are ... here's something that could be helpful : when does an istp look like an intp or intj ? figuring out how which inferior function you tend to manifest could be insightful : accurate typing : the ... this is a gut read , but i don't think intp . i don't really see much ne from your answers . if you're not sure about intj , i am more inclined to suggest considering istp as an alternative . my sense is infp . you are both very in-tune with and oriented toward your personal preferences and ways of reacting to possible situations ( fi ) . you also present an openness and habit of ... extp would be my guess . i'd lean toward estp . the above quoted makes me think se / ni rather than ne / si - - your internal perception / understanding of the world uses patterns / trends ( ni ) while your ... i've had luck with xnfjs , istjs , and istps . this is beautiful . in a similar vein , i think of people in terms of radial distances to myself . there aren't clearly defined circles , just distances of relative closeness . from there i select and ... nope . my drive comes more from a desire for mastery rather than victory in measured competition . if i know the person well enough , i am pretty good at giving thoughtful gifts ( for secret santas and the like ) . sometimes if i think of a good gift i might just spontaneously get and give ( or file ... typically i don't know what my feelings are definitively ... once i figure it out enough and it's still an issue then i might tell someone . otherwise , meh . i've dealt with it . one person added me . after some time i deleted them just to have an empty friend list . sorry not sorry . no hard feelings , you were listed as an istp too . what . the . even . 0_o / glazed eyes / i'll echo cinnamon 83 that i tend to cringe when people fish for compliments or for attention . if someone i know is insecure , i can offer honest opinions and encouragement . but if they are just stuck ... read reputable stuff and analyze it for grammar . use it - - write stuff and get someone to point out your mistakes and how to fix them . i learned grammar proper in middle school , and mapping ... like , i'm a e9 ; i'd say i'm pretty aware of emotional cues . i spent most of my childhood observing people , so i've picked up what social niceties or expected emotional things ... ;) heeeheeehehehehhe i giggle . hehehehe . yes ! it depends on the type of music / dance and who i'm around , but i do love me some fun groovin ' . oh mannn , food - - yes ! i'm gonna need to go through these posts in more detail , but first : these fudgy avocado cookies are delicious . this suggestion is simultaneously potentially useful and potentially useless . but - - find other people to do things with or for ( combine se with some rudimentary form of fe to counter the overkill of ... '