' as title states . anyone know any tips or systems to improve decisiveness ? since all 3 have leaked , any thought on these albums ? born sinner was a bit boring for me but still good , mac miller was surprisingly good on this album and yeezus blew me away . kanye west is insane . like the title said . i dont know if i was always an entp but i know i changed dramatically when something happened to me when to me when i was still a kid . but yeah discuss . green orange blue gold wow same here . me and my nt brother both hate phone conversations . i like continually assessing someones facial reactions and slight movements and gestures to things i say . i take in a lot of ... 9/10 made me laugh i voted for these three unlike those rule breakers above me : wink : not well-informed / ignorant about the world materialistic not well-informed / ignorant about the world oho clever . personally i wouldnt know which type would be the anti entp type but from my experience it isnt istj's as most of you have said . two of my good friends are istj's and they're not boring to be around ... yeah me too . i got tired of how unproductive and apathetic it made me feel . i've moved on to better things legalize that green ! i dont do it anymore . was a major pothead last year though . i never update my facebook status if that counts for anything . foolish me thinking that i would get a serious response from people like me haha . i dont like saying good luck but i cant really think of anything that would be a suitable replacement . i dont really like ill pray for your success or do your best . anyone have any cool replacements ? im pretty good i think . i have a good feel for rhythm and can groove to most things with a fast beat . ive never done anything like ballroom dancing or salsa or anything god i hate math . it doesnt interest me at all . i know that if i applied myself i'd be doing well in my calc ii class , but ... whatever haha its cool . i should've known better but hey , i like trying new things . maybe ill join sga or something . well i joined investment banking club , but that really wasn't for me . i dont think ive found my passion either so that kinda sucks . ill try and get involved in more things though it seems like a good ... im in my second year of college ( started out as comp sci major switching to poly sci / sociology next semester ) and im considering taking a break . i really dont know what i want to do and college makes ... he's my new favorite hip hop artist and and breath of fresh air in the hip hop scene . he is so consistent and his new album good kid maad city is a classic in my opinion . any other opinions on him ? how to do you guys think a entp and istj team would work out ? would our strengths fill in each other's weaknesses or would we clash instead ? to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . ralph waldo emerson its ok . at least im closer to narrowing down my options . i thought i was introverted because i was surrounded by people i really didnt connect with . at that point also i didnt understand why i felt ... thanks for the response ! is it normal as an entp to feel really introverted sometimes ? im more unsure of whether im e or i i've been having doubts as to what my type is . if anyone can offer a little insight it would be much appreciated . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for ... damn i need me an enfp now . im independent to a fault . like others have said i wont ask for help when i need it , but i have gotten a little better at that i suppose . its the need to be entirely self-sufficient i guess . i've never had a panic attack either , and sleep paralysis ? seems terrifying from what i've read . i really hope it never happens to me . the brain is an amazing thing . is not joining facebook a sign you're a psychopath ? some employers and psychologists say it's ' suspicious ' | mail online check this bullcrap out . it's appalling . someone was bored , and i don't eat ice cream . last year , i ate it maybe twice or three times . i dunno . ntpi-the arcologist the second of the pure rationals , the ntpi tends towards creating utopian architectures . it does this out of a strong intuition of global truth . reasonable . i see myself ... i consider myself fairly driven / ambitions . i have plans to graduate college without any student loans ( hopefully ) . i'm still trying to zero in on my desired field though . i fall into your first category . it's really really hard to get out of that childhood indoctrinated mind state , but now i'm more of a deist instead of a christian . wow i never expected to be nominated . cool ! it's not even about dominance ! i know that no personality is dumber or smarter and i'm not advocating anything but with n's and s's there seems to be a difference in thinking that separates us and ... i was a wrestler throughout highschool . it was pretty much a love hate relationship with it . but there's nothing like winning a match and getting that pin . plus it got me really fit too . i like a lot ... which is the smartest mbti type ? | slayerment i would rather discuss the s v n comparison rather than the whole which individual type is smarter thing . for example sometimes some of my s ... yep . it's actually pretty easy . when you realize that they're of no use to you and don't offer you anything as a person all bridges get burned . kush and corinthians-kendrick lamar [ chorus : kendrick lamar ] ride to it , ride to it , cause you never know when a bullet might hit and you die to it , die to it die to it , die to it , live your ... very few people listen to hip hop how sad . on another note i also like electronic style music but abhor metal . i don't really like rock either but i can tolerate some of it . this . the whole movie is amazing , and the business card scene is phenomenal . now i have to go return some videotapes . one of my personal favorites is moriarty from the bbc version of sherlock . do i care about not keeping up with friends ? not really , i'll see them again in the fall i just wanted to know if this behavior is concurrent . do any of you tend to do this ? for example , school-wise when i'm home and put in almost next to zero effort in keeping communication with my friends . when i see them next year for example they always ... from on outside perspective this clip : when i get so involved in something it's like nothing else exists . off topic but your avatar is hilarious kakarookee . on topic my tendency to space out and the fact that my mind is a maelstrom of everything . hey i like that song . so who caught that episode of jersey shore last night ? my bro is an intj so i guess i know how to communicate or handle them . you get the idea . i love hip hop most out of all the things i listen to . i take it most people here don't but w / e . this however is one of my favorite electronica tracks by flying lotus . it's absolutely amazing and ... i love staying fit . calisthenics all the way for me with some parkour as well . i eat healthy most of the time too . i like trying to push my body to its limits , when i feel like it . '