' i actually found that it was because the school was not right for me whatsoever . so , you are right . update : so i just started high school and it is wayyy easier . still boring , except for programming ( intp here , duh ) and english . in english , the teacher doesn't want rubbish in writing and doesn't ... in my ( somewhat ) humble opinion , it really does fit an intj world view , and is probably about an intj . it really questions the social and moral norms , and about the consequences in doing so , and how ... i do think so . it is probably because of the ni that likes to figure things out to the fullest to be applied . this can take some time and i find that i tend to try to figure things out and don't ... when they call metal emo when they think they are smarter than me for a grade on a test when they call goth-influenced music emo it really depends on where . if i'm with people i've known for years , i am normal , but if i'm with people i barely know , then i am just kinda standing there . the most intelligent are never the loudest . the stupid are loud and come in great numbers . 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for about 30 seconds . copy and paste it here , and write about your impression of it . 73496 it's the golden gate bridge in san ... i can relate to both equally the descriptions say that i'm an intp , but i can more easily relate to intjs online . i don't know any intps or intjs that are in my age group . i am also an underachiever . muffled speech drives me insane ! just about any muffled noise does . disorder rating information paranoid : high more info | forum its not that i'm stupid or anything , it is just that i can't find any motivation to actually try succeeding . too much of it is rote memorization too . how am i suppose to remember every little nuance ... it more than slightly annoys me . for example , someone poking you is annoying , but if someone is punching you constantly , it is painful and annoying . for most people , the first is what chewing and ... from wikipedia : anyone else have this ? i know , right ? the only way to get along with my parents is to only talk about non-intellectual topics , such as the best brand of cola . otherwise , i pop on my headphones and listen to some heavy ... so both of my parents are esfj ( mom ) and estj ( dad ) and quite obviously , we bump heads frequently . my parents are obsessed with tradition , especially religion . they bring it into everything . all my ... abortion is a touchy subject , but what is your view on it ? i don't even know how to play chess . in a world so fast there is a thought i have to cast an idea to entertain to occupy my brain i decide to broadcast this idea because it may be simply briliant it is not fully formed i ... i wasn't just stopping at random times . in each stanza , the rhythm has a aab pattern and the rhyme has an aba pattern . i'd like to live in austin , tx . just seems nice . saw this on the infj forum , so why not bring it here ? locked in a cage of dark death is soon to visit there is no angel to say hark the clock is counting down for the time has come near ... there seems to be little disagreement here . thoughts ? on that one i scored 107 , but i'm also sick so that could have had an effect . the lowest i've ever scored was 92 ( got bored half way though ) and the highest was 145 . all the time . in fact , i hate every aspect of school . i go to a catholic school , and the religion class is so brainwashy . all the time . 80 % of my school doesn't think . i asked them what they think about , then they responded with a i dunno . also , when i use the most simplistic language that i can speak with without ... i suck at school . am i not an intj ? i am externally disorganized . am i still an intj ? i have a long attention span . am i an intj ? i am a good guy greg . am i not an intj ? i have morals . am i still ... i normally get an adrenaline rush when i come up with a new idea or exposed to one . i am graduating 8th grade this june and i'm moving onto high school . at the end of the day , i can't tolerate anything because of me se being overstimulated and my ni being understimulated . my peers ... no , not really . all i'm saying is that mbti is not a measure of intelligence in any way shape or form . i can't recall other than being addicted to simcity , which i guess is more of an ne and ni game due to having to experiment with different road and zoning patterns . i find that i confuse people when i go on about how ram works or some bizzare theory that i have been entertaining such as what if our brains are connected to a super computer in a vat of nutrients ... can easily uncover complex systems but can't understand most social norms . i love reading magazines like popular science . but , i can't sit down and read a novel or novella without getting distracted and start thinking and then wanting to discuss them on an online forum like ... if an intj talks about feelings with you , he feels very close to you . not an a on a piece of paper not being able to go to a party learning something new is what motivates me . ended when i was in 3rd grade . probably because of the strictness of my teacher . you had to stay in for recess because you didn't put you folder in your cubby . i guess i'm the sane one here . i thought i was insane . my social life . online rorschach test i scored a 49 % . i knew that i have minor mental illness . : rolleyes : i don't even know where to start with your harsh judgments . it's not that introverts don't have a life , they just don't have the life of the party . i like this mixture of prog and power metal . i am always nice to people in public . i can't stand being mean to people . don't mistake an intj being friendly for flirting . they just do it so people don't get mad at them . but that isn't to say ... i have one but i forget i have it sometimes when it is right in my hands . that is the downside of having too much t , n , and i . one of the worst combinations for school ever . already have shown her that . she left me alone for like a month then she wanted me to be more sociable and not always in my head . that insults my i and ni . way too much fe and fi ! ! ! i should not have watched this before bed . my ni , ne , ti , and te are under stimulated during school . but my i is overstimulated . it is pretty well known that intjs are pretty organized mentally , but what about your external world ? my room is pretty organized for having borderline j . but at school i am very ... maybe i should learn java , c + + or python . my school is way to small to have a tech club . my school has band , but i hated it . i always played the drum too loud . but for a sport , i want to do ... i get really mad at everything but in public i'll be really nice to everyone . i'm normally polite to avoid confrontation . '