: angry : paladinx god , the description says very theoretical . not true but i value knowledge highly . prehaphs i may be a type very different paladinx turns out i'm intj after all , just like i first tested . i know i use te and fi now . i am honest & caring with ppl but i am not heartless and skeptical like the steriptypical intj , hmm wtf , damnnn hahahaha , you added characters ? is that possible ? he has the links i gave him , he had more than enough links , yeah ill pm u in a few minutes that would be the logic if we didn't have functions . your resoning shows just how important functions are to determine your type good logic but i still don't have fi . i'm not a full blown intj . i do perfer thinking over feeling . i do agree but i also show fe . even though my functions are kind of switched , i can still classify ... what's your enneagram lol , nooo thanks , id rather have blood instead : mellow : . i wish i was a vampire : rolleyes : : laughing : hitler was an infj : rolleyes : i'm sure i use ni , fe , ti , se . tbh and i always test as inj and by the letters i would come out as infj . im positive i use ti & fe so that means im not intj . not sure why infj would use fi . i somewhat agree . if you do understand your functiond better , you will get your type though . i'm sure i use fe . my functions in order if u had to put them in order of what i use the most would be ni ... it's cool , interesting , glad i joined , fun talking to people that knoe they're types there's a video on ne vs ni this should do . whether you're ni or ne the results will automatically indicate your type not helping unless he knows the functions . this shouldn't be a quessing game , dude's got 700 posts and don't know his type , he needs to discern the functions ni vs ne are you narrow minded , or do you exlpode with ideas ? what careers are you considering ? that can help . si is recalling facts , you might not be able to notice it . hell i don't notice my ... gotta get them functions right si is entps weakest functions , entps have fun too just like everyone else but this is more of a cognitive processes , we all use se probably more than si even for dom si but in thinking terms si is in ... great analysis are you intps skeptical in general ? or is that a lie , you guys don't seem bad . now for se vs si : external sensing : is focused on the moment . it notices everything . it ’ s all about taking immediate action for immediate results . it lives for extremes – se loves fast cars , ... ni-user . takes in information . constructs possibilities . zeroes in on one desired objective . focuses on the end result . plans for variables and different outcomes . olivia is like a black hole – ... same outcome , different approach ne-users will form a conclusion faster than ni-users , since ne relies on their overall intuition whereas ni is searching for evidence before it forms conclusions ... there aren't hybrids you know , you just never really found out your type , i can help with that estp functions are se ti fe ni entp functions are ne ti fe si . gotta find out if you have se , si , ni or ne . the test don't do anything . ive been tested as intj most of the time but im 100 % ... ikr , i hate fiction books but love watching movies and want to be a actor . that's odd . i don't really do anything but surf the web , need hobby ideas , i just moved , no tv my neighborhood is bad so ... what is it that you like to do ? like are they more funny or more smart ? do you think they would be class clown or something ? homework ? what grade ? you couldn't have said it any better you seem pretty intj to me i see fi ( you say u aren't selfless ) i see te ( you like directing ppl and being leader ) i maybe wrong , we still use all our other functions creepy bophomet ? ? ? aquaman - intj robin - intp superboy - istp just started watching so yeah , i know i'm late asf thanks for answering te used : expressing your character , executing the movement do you think ni and ti can help get into the character and se and fe can help express ? do you think that could work as a actor ? all i know is fi , used : when used in the prosess of making the character and actor one in the performance estp i believe , maybe istp good memories huh ? i kinda don't know what i wanna accomplish later in life , when i think of age 30 , it turns shady and not knowing what i wanna do in the future annoys the hell out of me , need ideas , thx sfp is better , they're even more artistic , they are the artists lol has anything been going your way lately ? =( ikr , none of my family really talks to me . still didn't get my ipod , bummer , can't wait till 2015 , new year , hopefully things go better . been through some tough things this year and i hope i can ... was starting to think i was infp bc im a idealist too . i kninda hate how they labeled that i thought and acted like intj because i watched the science channel and alwsys live watching conspiracy shows , always wanted to be a a scientist , hell my first test i took , i came out intj but then ... infps are awsome , i just don't like istjs , my sister is one and when i try to talk to her , she is like automatically annoyed and is mean =/ , that's the only type i don't like , i love her tho , when we ... haha , i will destroy you with my mind : angry :: angry : i can't criticize you either lol , nobody actually lol i can't , they say infjs are narrow minded and i kinda have to agree . they say intps are lazy , is this true for you ? max payne slays