' if you guys have all of that then i'm coming to visit ! i love that game and that song so much ! me too . i think i'm really good at imagining the emotions of a moment like this , and it's bumming me out . i'd save the human / alien and then i'd feel really sad about the dog . am i allowed to make friends with the ghosts ? eek no ! lol , i would go crazy listening to that for more then 15 min mmm , campfire . perfect place to spend a starry night lol , you say that like it's a bad thing ^ _ ^ i saved a mouse from my cat today . i put the cat inside and took the mouse into the woods next to some underbrush covered in berries so it would have food if it healed from the small injuries it had ... i think that's one of the most useful and profound statements i've heard in a very long time . we might be a bit stubborn on things that are important to us . i'll be rooting for you . good luck ! lol , and here they were doubting our ability to defend ourselves ! blind pilot is just plain soothing to the soul . here is one of my favorites ( and since i'm an infp maybe others will like it too ! ): youtube - 3 rounds and a sound - blind pilot really ? i'm so sorry ... maybe i react to those sorts of things strangely . perhaps i should add more emphasis on the can in my out of depression can come art ... so what would you add to the ... when the infp village thread makes your soul feel all warm and fuzzy ^ _ ^ really ? it's when i'm at my most poetic . ( either that or afterwords when the peace is made even brighter by the contrast ) but hopefully we can all convince each other that we are talented and ... welcome ! i'm kind of new too , and i feel the same way ^ _ ^ me too ! even with spiders ( which make my skin crawl to even think about ) . poor jellyfishes :( the more i think about it , the more i realize that sometimes out of depression can come art , and realizations , and self discovery , and that it may have a place in the heart . so maybe this town can be ... can we have a hookah lounge ? actually , i think i mostly just like the idea of a lounge with comfy pillows and couches everywhere . great place to relax and have good conversations ! don't worry , the doctor will save us ! :p roud : we also need one of those expansive wooden playgrounds with towers , bridges , nets , tires and maybe a pirate ship and a maze so that we can climb around on them and play pretend ^ _ ^ ... i want to move to the infp village :) i think it's been mentioned , but we will really do need a good wine shop . preferably one near a book store so we can have a glass of wine and chill with a ... my sister once told me that i was an alien soul reincarnated on this planet , and that i came here because this planet needed someone gentle like me . i don't think i really believe in reincarnation , ... um ... where are you getting that info from ? i mean , i'm sure some cases are bs , but i wouldn't go dismissing the entire syndrome because of it . my little brother has asperger's , and we love his ... i know this was meant for guys , but i may take some if it to heart myself . especially # 5 . when they invent it be sure to make them share . then i won't have to spend a month thinking about how i really should replace that lightbulb at some point . wow , you have some good stuff . strangers is my favorite so far ( i love the line i forgot my past but i still see its reflection ) thanks ! i'll check it out :) i love ... lamp . any update on getting myspace to behave and letting us see your poetry ? that was beautiful actually , i think i could very easily fall in love with an infp boy if i ever met one . definitely a extrovert . and i love him ! i had him as an avatar in another forum ^ _ ^ same . i could never manage falling asleep with the tv running or music playing . that kind of stuff just makes me want to stay up so i can see how it ends or listen to the whole song ! i usually ... i'm so frustrated at people who operate with absolutely no empathy . why do some people think it's ok to act like a jerk and treat you like you're stupid just because you have different values then ... i know exactly how you feel odd ... the one's i've known wouldn't really give advice about something they don't know much about , try hard not to be hypocritical in their believes and actions and would be the last people on earth ... i like cats . we can just sort of exists pleasantly together . gryffindor i loved i <3 huckabees and arrested development ! can't believe i forgot to put them in my list just now same ! infact , i need to rent that one again soon movies on the edge ( the one with cillian murphy ) garden state the darjeeling limited the fifth element elizabethtown artists patrick park the postal service / death cab for cutie thank you for the link and book recommendation . i think i've realized the last two months that avoiding death in this world is unattainable , but easing suffering is still something that strikes at ... i've always preferred the quiet , mysterious types anyway ;) ( not that i'd ever have the guts to go up and start a conversation with one . ) what made you decide to become a vegetarian / vegan ? i've been eating vegetarian ( with eggs and dairy ) for just under 2 months now . i started this because it just seemed like a very gentle way to live ... hm ... well , i'm a girl so i've noticed people translate my quietness as a cute charm . i suppose they might guess different motives for a boy which would make those statements come off as more hostile ... they piss you off ? weird . i mean , i've know a girl that was an extrovert that really pissed me off but i've never attributed that feeling to the lot of them . in fact , i usually have liked the one's ... really ? how so ? i've never really thought about it from that point of view my sister's an extrovert and she makes it look effortless . she comes home when she gets the occasional whim to be by ... not failed ! atleast you got to study what you love , and maybe something will turn up for your talents given time . if nothing else you have giving art a solid place in your life's foundation , which is ... i think a friend named purple would be a nice one to have . i'm glad you can still imagine him back ^ _ ^ lucid dreaming always sounds amazing , but i haven't been able to achieve it very well yet . when i was in my teens i used to pretend i had this big angel protecting me . when i was too depressed to ... when i was little i don't think i had imaginary friends , but did have calvin and hobbes-esque relationships with my stuffed animals ( particularly a stuffed rabbit which i still own ) . psychology would be pretty cool to study . and i suppose joining a forum dedicated to personality types is a pretty good indicator that you enjoyed the subject of human behavior :) '