' honestly who isn't an attention whore nowadays ? especially with social media am i right ? my secret bff is gone for good ? s / he actually made things interesting or at the very least made a thread more entertaining . it's work so ... i do as little as possible because i'd rather be at home complaining how i don't have enough money lol 1 . ) knowing is half of the battle ( gi joe ! ) lol no but seriously first get an idea of what you are dealing with via reflecting on her actions and using mbti / enneagram as a way to translate the ... they have guidelines against befriending students for a reason and that goes with anyone staff at a school . i say this as someone who , more or less , worked at a high school for a brief period . you ... i eat long posts for breakfast ... which is probably why i'm so skinny . interesting story . if i am 100 % honest my gut ni reaction while reading was cut your losses and abandon ship but i can tell ... i will start by saying that i am not all that familiar with the linda berens ' interaction styles theory i did skim a wikipedia article about it however i bet there was more than what was presented ... ... have you tried asking her ? i might be just crazy enough to work . do funko pop ! figures count as well ? if so i'm officially the life of the party ! i think i just found a new secret bff . please notice me senpai ! : blushed : professional troll would be my dream job . hell i do it for free like everyday i don't have friends so i don't know the feels man ... what should you do ? well personally i wouldn't have went into the enfj forum as mbti appears to have f * * k all with this ... on to the rest . have you considered that maybe ... just maybe ... she's not that ... i think you are forgetting that not everyone has a college degree to get those comfortable 9-5 jobs . there is a good percentage of uneducated males in the workforce who work in construction , ... how to deal with people like that ? have you tried slamming the door back ? don't be outdone by that amateur lol i listen and try to find the thesis of the song . what is it's purpose ? is there supposed to be a deeper meaning or is the song meant to be taken on a superficial level . if it's a superficial song i ... monster hunter xx announced for the nintendo switch ... robert goes to buy a nintendo switch . haven't bought a game for it yet ( i'm thinking bomberman ) but since my game comes out august 25 ... not a big ... i was going to say the x-men game since i used to play it at this mexican restaurant my family always went to however since that is taken i think i would want the 4 player teenage mutant ninja ... i'm just too awesome not be be happy ? monster hunter franchise ( in the west ) people who complain about dark souls ' difficulty clearly have never hunted some of these monsters lol what you may want to consider is the limited time to play when you have more social obligations in which case trying new games could be a hassle . if i am being honest that's probably the appeal that ... there is not a lot to go on in regards to the character however from what i remember from playing the the umbrella chronicles and watching the cut scenes of resident evil 0 i could probably see him ... you go to work to do your job . unless you are paid to be interested in who you work ... just do your job so you can get paid . the rest is irrelevant . i think enfjs are pretty cool to hang with . it really depends on chemistry and how well hobbies , interests , etc . mesh together . fe doms can make things fun with similar interests however without that ... what makes you an intuitive ? i'm an intuitive because i prefer ni over se in my cognitive stack . what this means is that i prefer to interact with my subjective possibilities of the world instead of ... infps are either hit or miss for me . either we get along immediately or they hate me immediately . not much in between lol tertiary se probably has something to do with it . using the tertiary function gives the dominant and auxiliary function a much needed break . it's refreshing to get out of our heads and actually do ... cut the umbilical cord and let him do it for himself . he's out of high school now so he has to learn how to mange on his own now or he will forever depend on yall to do everything for him . if he ... i think you have a guy who is not idealistic enough to believe you can save the whole world and just does what he can without over exerting himself . smart thing to do for fe doms because compassion ... you aren't crazy but really this is based on an individual's preference . leading groups is a lot of work and i'm lazy . i tend to step into a leadership role when nobody else wants to do it but there ... if by is this enfj into me you mean does he want to smash then yes he is into you . this isn't really a type thing lol it's more opf the dating game people play . i think the game is stoopid so i ... ... and then he returned and signaling all was wrong in the universe ... i have some advice and / or tips but you probably won't like them . the real question is what about you actions do you deem to ... don't like ' em because they don't like dank memes pre-high school when i was a wee lad i was a lot more sensitive than i am today . i used to change who i was to better get along with other people ( we used to call that being shady ) i also remember ... when i was reading the questionnaire fi is what i picked up at the time primarily from your response to question 19 . i'm sure much of the confusion comes from being a lead perceiver . from what i was ... this questionnaire wasn't the best but yeah lead perceiver , likely ne dom . auxiliary is likely fi . my bet is on enfp . since you like rick and morty i'lll not let this thread go unanswered so first you have to remember in mbti terms introvert and extrovert have a different definition than in social settings ... yeah that ’ s a fi based perspective . fe has a desire to create social harmony as we are more focused on the values , beliefs , etc . of other people . when we connect with people and crate harmony within ... why would i be thinking you don't know about this stuff ? maybe because you are spending more time “ implying ” you know something instead of saying ” hey i know something . ” that ’ s on you . did ... no freakin way that was a radfem . you must be pulling my leg lol i kinda agree with what you are saying . except i'm a bit more blunt . people make such a big deal about a women's ... let ’ s keep the irony train going shall we ? you will notice that they are pulling your “ statistically significant findings ” primarily from a sample of college students … “ although these samples by ... you know i find that funny . two male sociology majors having similar experiences . clearly our some of our male privilege at work am i right ? i have to know . do you also receive ... i love how you want an educated discussion ... and set some prerequisites lol the irony is 1 . ) i have a bachelor ’ s degree in sociology so this is my discipline . 2 . ) i read the ambivalent sexism ... outside of that random tear when yawning i could not tell you the last time i cried ... its been years though ... maybe high school i often hang out on my computer . does that count ? seeing as i got quoted to a blank post ... i think my job as the antithesis is done . back to my dank memes i know how people often either skim or don't read long posts but ... i appreciate ... how is misogyny not subjective ? like ... how you experience misogyny and how another woman experience misogyny ... are different . there is no objective way to experience it . the experience is based on ... i feel like she should go make me a sandwich ... what you describe is more so a human trait than a trait of enfjs . i mean there are like many variables that play a role into it though . you are correct in that the thinking and feeling functions are judgement functions and how we come to a conclusion based on data we perceive . the statement that enfjs doesn ’ t know how they are ... '