' thank you pearslug . it is such a good point that you have shown , in finding something positive . we should do that not just for ourselves , but also when we respond to the trouble that others ... hi lindsay ; quote = lindsay weir ; 17448738 ] i really don't know what the true and original self of me is though . there is much about many an infp which is already on a higher frequency of ... hi . i spent my childhood and formative years not realising that it is common practice in society to wear so called masks i heard this saying people judge others by their own ... hi pearslug ! i agree ! sarek has created a concise opening post and it would be great if it could be available as a stickie for everyone to get a chance to view it over a reasonably long ... your perspective is interesting to me , saythe . : ) for me personally , believing in something is not quite the same thing as valuing something . i value my ability to keep most things that i ... it is new years eve . hi to all of you who are doing your own wonderful individualistic thing right now , from me to you all , and from all of you to everyone else that is the same ! happy new ... hi . there might be an ability among infps to be open minded about things . this an acceptance of things , and an ability to adjust to what is important day by day , within a seemingly chaotic and ... hi . i spend christmas and new year on my own . as an infp in full mode , i can manage nothing else ! we all ought to text each other , or talk in the pm , just to get through this mass celebration . ... this is absolutely fine . i suppose i found the rambly part a bit hardish , but i think that overall of that part , i might also understand what you are saying , and so we are agreeing on it all ! ! ! i ... thank you ravn for your view on this . i am glad that you noticed that i referred to it as left / right brain type thinking i chose the word type because up to date neuroplasticity protocols ... hi . someone once pointed out to me , that it is as much an act of faith to say that you disbelieve in something , as it is an act of faith to believe in something . we have to prove things to ... ok . don ` t shoot me down please , but i have an alternative to give you here . i dowse .. not often .. but i have demonstrated the measuring of a persons energy field by that means . science will ... i keep my head down , and withdraw , but interestingly , the main personality that has had that effect upon me , has been doing it to an enormous number of other people as well , and has rather driven ... i have wondered too ! so i am posting this only to see what answers come up . someone knows for sure . : ) the sensitivity of an infp does not bond well with the programs , patterns of behaviour , sub routines and all that life junk that we collect along our life path . it starts for many of us , or is it ... this is a strange concept for me , because i have been on this destiny road for a while , and so i have been testing it out . reflecting on the journey so far ; it is like a tramcar which is ... hi . just to say the same thing happened with my first attempt at making a poll ! do try again , as this gender / type poll might be good fun ? if you look , somewhere at the foot of the home ... hi . just a quick word of caution for anyone who feels this way , which might just be most of humanity right now . there is a game afoot , behind what we see , so the outcome of what we see , is that ... a crisis of the soul ? you , and many who feel this way , could it be ... ? ... sense maybe , that you were destined for things , where maybe you should be doing something more meaningful , or that you ... it is as if there are parallel conveyor belts for us to step onto . some of these conceptual conveyor belts move faster than others . we can step from to the other as we wish . this analogy works ... thank you so much stoneburg . a really great read , and all of it so well put , and appreciated . : ) the ego part is vitally important , and it is usually overlooked . thank you . : ) hi all . just to keep us all light hearted and buoyant , here is a general uplifting and necessarily short video , to give a lift . : ) as i said before , we are free to be whoever we want to be , ... hi attic ; so much food for thought everywhere on this thread , and your reply here is stretching my brain cells ! thank you ! : ) this article from zen , which is within the link i have posted ... hi refugee . thank you . this is a most thought provoking reply ! wonderful ! : ) a question which arises from this might be a fundamental one ? what actually is spirituality ? how can we work ... hi everyone . just for an escape into light humour , i hope that you like this video on spirituality . it is not too ... hi . one of several clues in your post , which speak to me , is the following about not believing and then saying to some level i am actually sort of waiting for it anyway . this is something that i ... hi . sometimes when a person , people , media , news , workplace colleagues , etc get into our heads , we need to remove that imprint from our minds . for anyone reading this , who understands the ... this modest sized car has been driven hard since forever . it is still going strong with new powerful improvements built in . but the car had been feeling a little messed up on some occasions in ... i am so happy that you have posted your thoughts , and included this video as well . i personally may well have to play it through often , in order to think on all of the aspects included in it . what ... i agree . it is just a thought , but has anyone come across a survey or poll , on which mbti s prefer organised religion , and which do not ? i suspect that i have a germ of an idea growing already ... oh wow ! thank you for a new line of exploration ! to depict the evolution of consciousness , is perfect ! you have made my day ! ... maybe more than that ! thank you ! : ) confession ; i have ... i have been thinking ... as usual ! can anyone think about how one would describe what spirituality actually is , ... to someone who might be completely pragmatic . even harder ; is there a way ... we each enter this reality / world in a state of amnesia of what went before , or else we just enter as a fresh consciousness . what for ? why ? the left brain type function is a vital part of our ... connect . find someone who wakes you up . find something which inspires . seek , otherwise you will not likely find . the world is not likely to come to you . i thought so once , but it never did ! ... this reply is a tiny bit in ones face , but anyway just to reply that it is widely reported as such , and i have not said if i buy into it or not . you can only pass on what is widely reported . i am ... a quick reply before going into this angle properly ; ( i have no time to watch the videos as yet , but indeed i and many others will , i am sure ) it is an interesting view . some say that this whole ... thank you for asking . i expect everyone will agree that questions are good . we need to question . if we keep the positive energy flowing here , it can only be good . i thank you all , again for this ... not really because i am an infp , and rigorous arguments which are too much in ones face , and too much altogether , will put off many infps from joining in with discussions . however , absolutely ... i confess that i don't much like that video either ! ! : ) i have however read much about sacred geometry in drumvalos book , mentioned by me earlier on this thread , and it is an extraordinary ... hi nimravid i have so enjoyed your post , and want to reply . : ) it is wonderful to read from someone else , just how one feels within ones own self . i hope that this happens for many others on ... hoping that i understand you correctly , i think then that most infps either seek individuality , or else , have it by default already . this individuality will very often perhaps , not sit easily in ... hi . there is a saying which goes along the lines that in heaven people can only feed themselves with six foot long chopsticks . this presumably suggests that we see ourselves better through ... hi yippy . i hope that you do get more answers , but here is mine for the time being . : ) yes i did the churches . i tried so many out for size , and returned to many over the years for another ... hi all . just a thought here , but someone once asked me about believing in such things or not ? the answer i gave came on the spur of the moment . i realised and answered that to believe , or not ... overall i am probably warm . i can change from serious to silly on a moment , and back again . i like to be flexible in this , and also adaptable . there is a lot to an infp person , that so many other people just don ` t seem to get . we really do need to get to know ourselves deeply and genuinely , and then embrace our positive qualities ... there is a vast subject area which has been in earth knowledge since archaic times , and it is well explained in the ancient secret of the flower of life by drunvalo melchizedek . to say that ... this is what i have been hoping for , as i fear that people might only accept the mbti and enneagram categories which seem to define them , excellent though they already are , when in fact it is a ... this is new to me as well . it bears out the idea around these days , that one has to work on oneself before one can positively affect the outside of us . we have to reduce ego , which is a ... thank you sily . it is from sacred geometry , which is a subject that i am new to . it is so amazing a subject in it ` s own right , and the best expression of it that i have found is in drunvalo ... '