' hitler has been typed as infj in many other sites i visited . infjs and only infjs in other sites have been typing hitler as intj as well . don't blame intjs for hitler's cowardly act , intjs have ... abusing and name calling while laughing = op you admit that you like to call names and you are abusive as well . so , you are saying you are abusive . you just admitted you are abusive . this is highly abusive thread where people constantly get called names by op . this is a highly abusive post . op is constantly calling people names . i would like to see some decency from op , and ask op to stop calling people names . stop calling names , then maybe your threads might stop exploding . don't make excuses , and don't blame others for your threads exploding . this is your fault , so be accountable . intjs are known ... you like to pass the blame on other intjs , so you do not have to be responsible for this thread exploding . this is a thread you created , where many intjs have issues with . you are too emotional , and ... bnova do not blame the intjs when your threads go exploding . be accountable for your actions , and stop blaming intjs for your actions . it is clear to me that you do not understand intjs from ... i see more explosion ahead with this op in intj forum . just ask an intj what will happen next , truth will be told . in my mind , these type of threads are attention seeking , dramatic , and highly emotional . intjs are exactly opposite of these , so who would believe a true intj created these threads ? this thread is not the only thread where all the intjs were confused . there is another thread by this op called let's see who is the high functioning intj here , where this op believes in ... i see this thread as highly dramatic , with trolling , and loads of emotion . this is not typical of threads in intj forums , where scientific minds have intellectual conversations . this type of ... i agree with this , very nice post . i have had issues with infjs in the past because i couldn't understand them . this poster explained it in detail so i can understand why i was having issues . ... esfj from unfortunate encounters . : rolleyes : too dramatic for my type . infj . maybe . enfj i am intj , and i am not intimidated by any type . also , i do not get easily impressed by other types either . who raised you ? strength--success driven and intelligent weakness--too direct and brutally honest intj infj = hitler : laughing : , hilarious . couldn't resist a thread called pness , so i peeked in and found this , haha . it is good that you listened to him when he needed someone to talk to . i wouldn't give him advise if you are not knowledgable in that area . intjs can pick up on weakness pretty quickly . intjs can be ... i hope the best outcome for you , whatever it is you decide to do . i do see a lot of good advice here . i personally sacrificed very close relationships for studies and successful career , and i ... i have not seen my intp friend drunk before probably because being always right takes one to be alert all the time . : laughing : i live in usa , and i go on vacation to different states every time . recently , i visited hawaii , las vegas , and rhode island . las vegas is a fun place so i visited there several times , but the ... i voted for entp , because i wanted to vote for the proper troll . : wink : . i just don't get how intj got votes . hey and welcome to perc . make yourself at home , even though this is not my home . hope you enjoy your stay . : wink : i think infp , particularly after listening to the video that bigstupidgrin posted for us . nice name by the way . i understand what you mean . i have immediate connections with entjs as well , and i am intj . the connection is instant , and can be very deep depending on each individual . both parties are very direct ... : laughing : , funny stuff . i agree . not that i was in the navy , but the estps i know seem a bit too childish . i am intj and feel like telling these estps to just grow up a bit . would you explain what you mean by this ? you still haven't answered my question . how do your answers relate to op's hint , which i added below : the hint is past tense the ancient wisdom within i strongly agree with this . my question was is this scientist's intj forum ? and i meant is this intj forum ? . i ask that you read my writing once more since you seem to be misunderstanding what i wrote down . i do not ... thanks lostfavor . i strongly agree with this . i honestly do not know or understand why you feel that you need to explain to me , why you chose a path not to view this op as a troll . all i asked was why you felt that your answers related to ops ... ok , so 1 + 1 = 11 , is that it ? is this scientist's , intj forum ? you seem quite suited to answer op's question , so i will add one thing , that there is a hint in the op's question , which i added below . op's hint the hint is past tense the ancient wisdom ... who is better suited to answer this question than someone who has posted in the past a lot about that ... along those lines . i for one , would like to hear what the right answer would be so ... you seem to be knowledgable in this area , as you yourself stated above , please enlighten us with the correct answer . welcome , make yourself at home . i voted for entj because i would like to know what living on the edge really means . i know my friends who are entjs think pretty much like me , an intj , so i like that i won't be losing too much of ... : rolleyes : i agree with this . hilarious . intj + entj team will be hard to beat . i can say with confidence that i choose to be very nice to other nts i like . i am very selective when it comes to choosing close friends , and partners . most people are dismissed quickly because ... '