1 . would you want to live forever ? why / why not ? no , much as i'd love to live as long as possible to experience as many new things as possible / see how the world changes over time , i would miss those ... i've been through the daunting and uncertain process or online dating . i was a closeted gay , with a very narrow circle of friends who didn't know i was gay ( and once they did , didn't seem to know how ... i rarely initiate things . unless i'm in a situation where it's either the natural thing to do , often in order to make someone feel welcome . most often i do feel a desire to initiate things but feel ... 1 . have you ever considered suicide ? yes , not for a long time , but certainly a lot when i was younger . i considered it daily for years - a combination of extreme social anxiety ( i was essentially ... i've seen this myself too and it can be very frustrating . it is interesting to see how much of students attitudes and behaviours they pick up from their parents , and as a teacher you try to instill ... yes i definitely struggle with underachievers too , it can be frustrating and the classroom setting doesn't always allow you to give them the individual attention they need . it's easy to agonise over ... i'm a teacher . i always felt drawn to teaching since , probably when i was in primary school , felt a real sense of pride in helping the younger kids , and that feeling never left me . my brother ... i've also had a real difficulty in forming friendships , but i think it's mainly down to over analysing everything and caring far too much about how i'm perceived rather than just being myself ... i'm really pleased this thread is here as it's helped me identify that i've been doing the same thing myself . i've also found it difficult to meet new people and i have put up a lot of social ... i had a couple of long periods of depression in my early teens and in my early 20s ( though was never diagnosed but fairly certain that's what i had . ) my memory of those periods is very hazy , but was ... it's a brilliant film , so quotable , and your quote is pretty spot on according to my memory . ah brave sir robin , ' when danger reared its ugly head , he bravely turned his tail and fled . ' good ... i only discovered mbti through my husband ( an infp ) and found it quite a reassuring revelation that i was infj . i understood ( and often hated ) that i behaved differently from almost everyone around ... film : eternal sunshine of the spotless mind , donnie darko , before sunrise , monty python and the holy grail , the shining tv show : buffy the vampire slayer , lost , frasier , father ted , arrested ... my sister is an infj , but if we weren't family i don't think there's a chance in hell we'd become friends . i'm terrible at making friends ( which is really annoying as i want to be friendly and think ... my sister is an infj as well as me - we get on so well as a result . my parents are extroverts , as is my twin brother , but my other siblings are introverts , so i don't know if it genes . my sister and ... i'm a physics teacher , been teaching for 5 years or so . i absolutely love teaching , but it is incredibly exhausting . you put your heart and soul into it non-stop during term-time , it's constantly ... this really bothers me at times . i don't like having group conversations with more than 2 other people because the conversation moves too quickly , it's easier when there's 1 or 2 people to get the ... i would definitely say nature . i'm a gay man , with a twin brother who is very straight . we both grew up in the same background - i grew up with religious parents and religious teachings , we grew up ... 1 . buffy the vampire slayer 2 . lost 3 . arrested development 4 . father ted ( if i had a fifth place it would go to either breaking bad , frasier , twin peaks or doctor who - can't decide which , ... 1 . eternal sunshine of the spotless mind 2 . donnie darko 3 . before sunrise 4 . monty python & the holy grail 5 . the shining i agree with pearlgirl . his reluctance to initiate is nothing to do with interest in you as he seems very interested in you ( based on how quickly he responds and by saying he wants to talk again ... i adore music and really wish that i was more musical . i did very well when i was younger and was given a few opportunities to get more involved in music , but ended up exploring other interests ... i'm a teacher my fiance is an infp . our relationship works well because we communicate about everything . it took me a while to realise that he was such a deeply feeling person , and how important his emotions were ... i do feel very lonely where i am . i have a job where i'm surrounded by people , and i live with my partner who i love and is my best friend and i never feel lonely when we're together . but i ... i do think this is normal - i'm in a similar situation . i'm engaged to my long time male partner , i've only ever been with him - i see him as a soulmate and could never want anyone else but him . i ... i always saw my humour as ironic rather than sarcastic . i was possibly quite sarcastic in my teens , though my close friends and family who would be able to tell that there was never any malice or ... those honest trailers are brilliant ! i'm a big star trek fan , have been since i was a kid . grew up watching the next generation ( and later ds9 and voyager ) and repeats of the original series . for ... you've been overstressed with work for the last week . you haven't had time to really unwind , and have found yourself struggling to make connections with other people , or to react to things or people ... my best type is infp ... which is fine because my partner is an infp . i'm incredibly shy too and very socially anxious . i'm very different with close friends though even with them it took a few years before i felt able to completely open up to them . it really ... i'm a teacher . i love it , i love being able to motivate and inspire kids , being able to create challenging and varied lessons which keep them engaged . it's a very demanding job but it is so ... i'm very much a listener during social situations . i really like speaking to someone 1 to 1 because i can listen , but i also feel i get the chance to respond as well , and to share a bit more of my ... are you sentimental ? yes definitely , i get very sentimental but i keep the sentimentality hidden . do you cry in movies ? not often . it seems only if it is something sad involving animals ... i'm 26 now and i'd say i've let 3 people outside my family in through my wall . 2 are my best friends ( one of whom took about 3 years before i let him in through wall ) and the other being my partner - ... my favourite film is eternal sunshine of the spotless mind . visually amazing , interesting , beautiful , funny and sad . i also love before sunrise and monty python & the holy grail . but i like a lot ... 25 for now , turning 26 next month . at least i think i'm 25 , i keep forgetting . no don't mind at all :) he and i are identical . he hasn't done the psychology test yet ( i'll encourage him to do so next time i'm home as i don't live nearby ) but i suspect he is esfp . we're very ... definitely both . i'd say the intuitive subtype explains how i am in most situations , but i always have that ethical side and absolutely love to unleash it , but only tend to do so when i'm comfortable ... i'm the third born in my family ( out of 4 ) . my twin brother was born a few minutes after me , i have an older sister , and an older brother who is the eldest of us . and i'm a gemini i'm a gay infj . i'd say i am proud of my sexuality - though it took 10 years of struggling before i told my first person , and then another 3-4 years gradually telling other people . i'm now out to ... hi there . i was unable to start working until i was about 17 as i was looking after my brother up til then , but my first job was behind the checkout of a diy store . i was so nervous to begin with , ... i love maths , i used to teach maths before i started teaching physics . i found maths very easy to understand , and loved the idea of sitting down and solving problems ( and liked getting into the ... gay male infj here great to see such compassion on this thread . yes gay people should stand up for themselves but you're not going to walk past a person who is lying beaten up and say ' grow a pair ' - its hardly ... i've been teaching for over 2 years now and yes agree its a very demanding job , its hard work and i certainly feel i've worked harder this last term than i've ever done , staying a couple of hours ... maybe ask her how she knew she was in love with him , thats the sort of question i love people asking me about my fiance . infjs tend to be very self aware of themselves and their feelings , i'd say ... i also go through all the ' don't want to appear rude , or weird ' things when chatting to people . i also struggle about what to say to people , with people i've known for a while i'm incredibly chatty ... i see myself as having had 2 long periods of depression , in fact thinking back to it seems so alien to me , i think the way i think about my life and myself has changed so dramatically over the last ... i found my infp fiance through okcupid , though we both joined simply to do the quizzes on there . you have to be clear what you're looking for , there's a lot of people there that will message you just ...