' how can you be so articulate that you can't find the words to say what you want to say ? i don't know , man .. i just .. can . also the remark about us having conversations entirely in questions i ... well as someone who is religious i wouldn't mind joining in on the discussion but as i got the second page comments were already degrading into fuck you because you're religious essentially by some ... sooo it this a thread that's wanting legitimate discussion or is it just a place for people to shit talk religious people ? because i can't quite tell based off the comments . relate ? i don't know . like ? gray , red , and green . 2 . the first was a partner of 3 and a half years . the other was a incredibly drunken / drugged mistake . - human * - book worm - internet worm - game worm - likes really weird shit - is really weird shit - professional mime - amateur smart ass - why do you want to know about me anyway ? creep . - i'm not ... i'm incredibly guilty of this myself . if i dislike / hate / whatever you want to call it someone there is basically no going back for me . the reasons may be moot now , but they still happened at some ... i'll be the oddball and say i actually almost wish i was a child now . i got to build a house with legos . kids now get to build a house in minecraft and set up highly complex electrical systems for ... i don't really see a reason to have anything against a spectrum . i'm one of those people as well . i'm a person , and prefer for my gender to be left out of the equation past the biological level . i ... eh , seems fitting . i've never read into gender identities or sexuality much for that exact reason . however ; at the same time it does interest me and i almost feel obligated to like it on some level ... oops , my bad . i should have put that in my post . either situation though . what made me bring it up is i'm actually in that boat myself . what i find attractive is the physical aspects of a ( in a ... i think this goes along with the topic , and i'm curious . is someone gay , straight , or otherwise if they pursue people who are transgender / etc ? anyone is free to answer , but i'm specifically ... then it wouldn't be enlightenment . enlightenment is the end , not the beginning . if you believe in such a thing .. well that's fine , but that's not the buddhist belief it would be something ... it's hard for me to say since i don't follow your beliefs . if part of the picture though is conquering the concepts of self and ego and to free the mind from an endless cycle of rebirth then sure ? ... buddhism claims no absolute truth . in fact is was very much stressed that searching for an absolute truth is pointless within the middle path . the only goal is enlightenment . it's actually the other way around theravada is the non-theistic sect of buddhism . that wasn't what i was referencing though , even within the theistic views of certain sects like mahayana a ... i'm not saying that's not possible , but it kind of goes against a core belief in buddhism . as a buddhist , i don't believe there is a god in any form , and the only thing in you is you . also , ... i almost went on a tangent in my post about transgender surgeries but i held back because i didn't want to offend anyone . my reasons are very similar to yours though , it's basically a bias . i'm ... i don't unfortunately . i assume they are either mistakes or simply there for extra flare . they seem to show up randomly ( sometimes there is 1 three and 1 four , sometimes 2 threes , sometimes none , ... i'm sorry to let you down but it's not all that interesting .. :P it's the monogram that was used by j . r . r tolkien , who is probably best known for the lord of the rings . i just happen to find both ... for the sake of simplicity if i had to label myself i am a straight male . i have no interest in men , and i don't desire to be a woman . however , i think gender roles are stupid . i don't understand ... i don't know honestly , it's hard to pick .. i probably use the terms cool beans and awesome sauce way more than i should though . it's hard to pick . that fluff person is pretty awesome though . looking into an intps mind is a sure way to madness . oh , and welcome aboard . it depends . well maybe not those exact examples haha . just the general idea that it's a dangerous place to be . honestly , i live in illinois and that's still how i view chicago . 142209 you can just feel the tension . you're always in your comfort zone , even if it's in a more abstract view . if you decided to do something new outside of your comfort zone you actively chose to do that thing . you probably ... teens are still using jelly and i can't even ? i'm 21 and remember that being a thing when i was like 16-17 . it was lame then too , didn't think it would last that long . i'm an unemployed loser . but i keep telling myself that i'm only 21 and have time . i like puns . i .. i don't get it .. success is being happy with where you are . she isn't . although i'm actually thankful when i see i have messages and it's from bots .. social interaction with strangers dodged . meeting intps , especially in person is hard . primarily because a lot of us don't want to be met . :P this is a generalization of course , not every intp is the same .. but as a general rule of thumb an ... you're putting too much faith into the average person . this is especially true depending on age and background . a really attractive girl randomly contacted me on facebook . i'm scared and confused . i'll be an oddball here and say i definitely do have a style and particular sense of fashion . it just isn't a cool one . i stand out quite a bit compared to how most people dress , but it's not ... an i5 - 4670k has hd 4600 integrated graphics which in all honesty would outperform such an old card despite not being that good itself . is it a bottleneck in such a beast of a computer ? yes . a ... you are showing your age . ;) anyways , madman covered it pretty well . it's hard to answer for the simple fact that what sentience really is isn't so clear . we've already created basic bare bones ... i'd say this is pretty accurate . i try really hard to project the attitude of a professor even though when i'm with close friends i'm pretty whacky in my own way . suddenly so much of my life makes sense . where were you like .. 10 years ago ? 138481 1384 89 138497 1385 05 i'm a vegan and most people assume intps don't care enough about anything to pick sides on issues like that . i didn't even think about that when giving my answer or reading the others but you are right . they all so far ( my own included ) have been very self centered answers . :P wishing i wasn't old and dying so that i could actually use this free time better ? honestly , i don't know .. seriously no idea whatsoever . i change a lot , it is probably what i'm most proud of ... i agree overall except on the letting him come to her . with intps it seems to be about 50/50 on that subject . i'm one for example though that i need the other person to come to me . if a girl ... nope . love to read . '