' haha - i don't think i could say , as i do find there are people who i don't understand as well as i'd like to say i do , but when that happens i'm just unable to type them accurately at all . perhaps linked to micronations , but in any case weird and interesting and delightful , a personal favourite . it's kinda lacking in detail or length , but all the same , ace concept . ah right - yeah that could be it , so long as you're aware that you don't have a complete understanding yet haha . yeah , sounds more like fe than fi for sure i think . though it was useful to have ... i think from this i would type you as an intp - i think your habits / mannerisms / contradictions fit with that quite nicely , seems pretty clear to me . functions-wise ; the intp and intj types are ... 1,000 years from now there will be no guys and no girls , just wankers . sounds great to me . ah right . yeah , that could be it , though i mean that sounds more to me like human nature . i see - i think i know what you mean by the ne issue now , i can see how this might be seen as entp ... not a problem , glad to have helped a bit . the combination you have come up with is slightly more possible , but not quite , haha . good try though . it is complicated . i guess infj would be closest to ... first off i would say this : ignore those stereotypes . or rather , look at them briefly but look at all the exceptions . ' the mechanic ' does not mean that the istp would necessarily be a mechanic , and i ... well , for starters , it would be good if we knew exactly why the acquaintance thought you were entp - did they give any reasoning ? the development of ne you mention seems strange to me - if you ... well i mean - i wouldn't rely too much on those visual functions layouts , they're pretty useful just for quick reference , but it's not entirely representative of the system . i think what it's ... i try quite hard not to mess with other's things , my friends don't like it very much , but yes i think it is a bit of a habit . whatever things are around me - wrappers get shredded , post-it's folded , ... i don't think isfj - what i do think is that you should read a really in-depth description of every function , there's a nice one pinned in the function forums i think , because it's far more difficult ... i read maybe one creepypasta that totally unsettled me , i think it was called cure for cancer . also the best written , really pretty ace . that was probably because i absolutely hate medical things and ... for other possibilities : maybe entp with a stretch of imagination , but i think for most accurate results you should look into all of the functions and types , te / fi or ti / fe , se / ni or si / ne etc ... i thought this was interesting to read , if anything . the contradictions are more telling that out and out statements . in particular , the confusion about the life aspiration - it seems the person you ... mm , it's not too clear , i can see why you would be confused - i also think that by answering with intp or intj descriptions in mind you might be skewing the results a bit . but maybe not . i'm leaning ... i think maybe entj , i'm not too certain but i'd say from what you've written it might be the best fit . there is a 3w4 who i've barely ever been very openly aggressive with , it's not tense , but i would consider us adversaries . i don't think the other party would , they are quite oblivious . in frequent ... if i were to guess i'd say he's likely an istj , but i'm really going off of generalised impressions more than anything else . i can see how this would cause issues . visual dimension your data the average response words on the label : verbal thinking 1.49 1.74 this sounds like a more likely idea , for sure . seeing whether a person enjoys lyrics they can identify with , if they can explain exactly why they identify with them , if they say that they enjoy music ... oh it's nothing . i wouldn't worry yourself . continue scheming as scheduled . ahaha , very good . i should hope your bunker is fitted out with all the necessary things to not only survive that which , uh , may or may not happen . ( cough ) . but also to rebuild and come out on top - ... ah , well , surely not for the aspiring leaders / conquerors present ; no world to lead after all that work would be a hell of a downer . ( i suppose anyway , for your more te-focused global would-be ... i have all faith that there will be no world by the time both of your plans are truly ready to be exacted . ( ahem ) ... just , eh , trust me on this . intj - i'm wavering a bit between te / ti to be honest but i think the fi presence works that out . so that's my own best guess , as well as the main reason i wouldn't opt for entp . i have some ... in short , i'd go for ' no , not really ' . though you might be able to draw correlations between certain genres and certain attitudes , it seems nebulous at best , considering how many exceptions to any ... i am a big fan of cognitive functions , they give so much more insight than the four letters , i think they'd help a lot in this case : isfp - fi / se / ni / te istp - ti / se / ni / fe so the glaring difference ... some may call that more than a bit of an unfair generalisation . plus - many believe that a person's type does not really change , but develops over time . so if what you said was true then nearly half ... right - i'm pretty novice at typing but i like to think i'm not totally useless at it . so , looking at the functions for both types : entp - ne / ti / fe / si enfp - ne / fi / te / si leading ne indicates you ... companionship is a healthy human need - but if you really want to examine it under clinical light : in the case of intp , ne fulfillment through communication and observation , inferior fe support , ... depends . sometimes i am so thankful for them , other times i want the earth to open up under their feet . i don't know if it's dependant on me or them . the ones i know are usually a breath of fresh air ... ah gosh , i've been rude on my own thread . tch . sorry - i have been away to london for some days , and am wrapped up in a bit of writing , but enough excuses : too much to account for , but ... a pleasure - i can't claim to know enough about such things to contribute any more , sounds pretty interesting though , with more clarity of the relation to personality . i haven't heard very much about ... i find it a strange idea that we'd want to apply the characteristics of a personality disorder to a real person that we do not actually know at all . i mean discuss it if you want , but i think this ... the intp condemns another with a hint of irrational hostile outburst in order to make up for her crippling inability to commune with her emotions . shame on you . stop being overly reasonable , esfp , who i am told is a ' performer ' . hop down from your shiny shiny pedestal . hello aris , [ waves ] . i do think your intro attempt was one of reasonable success . nicely done . lots of intps around these parts lately , it seems . don't feel inferior for your age though , it matters ... never cried , huh ? hm . then i guess , with the reasonable assumption that you are in fact the closest to the intp nature , i should count you lucky for never ever having been in a scenario where the ... ah , excellent . many thanks for the replies - i lean towards the intp option after consideration , however i'm a bit wary of it because of my own obvious intp-bias i have . the other largest doubts i ... the spherical-headed genius ( though i've seen people accused of being ' karl apologists ' for making this claim , laughably ) of the ricky gervais show . is there a type for this man ? oh yeah , marquee moon both the album and song are really brilliant , i also used to be a very big white stripes fan . not so much any more but the affection lingers on i guess . an assortment . i don't like to specify genres , and i feel a bit mean for leaving some favourite artists out , but no matter . radiohead ( atoms for peace are really quite great too by the way . amok ... i'd disagree there but i'm not the authority on intense follower-gaining agendas . in truth i like to be vague because i haven't made up my mind , haha . i don't know enough to have that conviction or ... very true , thanks ! yes , i'll continue to try , haha , after all it's all you can really do . a nice safe answer . nothing much to contradict for fun , shame . mm , an ' if ' question . it seems like a suitably vague but informed decision to say ' a revolution of thought ' , so i'll go with that ... hello hello - and yes , thank you for the advice , it is always appreciated . this seems a quite anti-revolutionary and dogmatic notion , though . would not want anything like that , would we ? that's comforting to know . i ( try to ) play guitar , bass , and a pathetic smattering of keyboard . oh how i try . haha , that's sweet . one can dream . you think ? well i at least try to make it sound like i do , heh . hello the revolutionist . what kind of revolution are you advocating , out of interest ? '