' intp not getting good grades ? what is this . sounds like an intp . she probably cries herself to sleep at night in a womanly fashion . enjoying small talk ! why the nerve of that girl and her trendy face ! nnnn cats <3 alot of people think cats are unfriendly because the cats don't wanna play or jump around like dogs , and will bite or scratch them you force them to play like that . - . - and so now the ... anti-hero . the other ones have always seemed a little cheesy and overdone ... especially the chosen one type . villains > heroes , in something unrelated . heroes are boring , and , even though you are ... musicals , classical , k-pop / rap , victorian industrial , glam , and occasionally pop . think thats it . nope . too messy , and scared of breaking the epidermis . holy shit i spelled epidermis correctly . aaaanyways , i'd stop doing it 9/10 anyways . snakes ? specific snakes , yes , but otherwise don't care for ' em much . but cats , on the other hand ... when people snip at you for pointing out something . when people take your seat ( or whatever ) and no one else says anything . disrepect . flaunt of authority . saying books suck . 1 ) where do you all hide ? did the factory just explode at some point ? in ye olden days , i'd hide at the library . now i just hide at home . 2 ) why are you the only type i can't read - why such ... middle child , for my smallest sister was born in 2007 . so yeah . because god . 15 , bro . not ... really cool at all . : i i'm not watching that because fuck the princess bride movie . but judging from the title , it's vizzini's death scene amirite . that aside , he's an intj , i'm thinking . yes . it's probably pretty much because no one wants to listen to all possibilities of a situation . yes it doesss ! 111 it maeks itt coler and it pops out ann whao ! ! ! 111 ! ! ! shiftkeyone but in all seriousness , there's nothing cool about it . nothing . - . - but the question is . would we follow that routine ? :P idk bro . i haven't really spoken to intjs . or any other personality types for that matter . huh . sometimes when i'm doing schoolwork , occasionally if it's a hard question . but mostly whenever i'm reading the princess bride . and when i'm daydreaming . * enters thread * oh boy i can't wait to say my hero's inspector javert - * sees this * ... lolirony . anyways , - inspector javert nnnn . if she was aware that you were crazy about her , she might try and hang out with you more , just to make you happy . maybe . - try to impress her - don't annoy her with lolfads ( unless she likes ... i like illnesses , , ever since i was a child . not getting them , of course , but reading about them and think about how , as it affects them physically , how it effects them emotionally . sort of like , how ... come on . you know there are some . eyes : medium-ish ? nose : medium-large . lips : bottom lip , kinda full . top lip : sorta . idk . face shape : kinda round , but not too much that it looks weird with short hair . body type : idk . curvy in a ... nnnn yes . my mother oft complains about how i'm not girly , don't like shopping , socializing , etc . when i complain i have no friends that like debate and things , she insists it's because i set my ... when someone tells you to stop thinking . this is now apart of my sig . i think s / he was joking . ditto . kinda hard to be a diehard christian if you're an intp anyways . something i learned awhile back is that hell was / is a power tool and most likely a mistranslation in the bible of hades , which meant the underworld , where all souls go . hell does not exist . ( lol ... 1 . inspector javert ( les mis ) 2 . enjolras ( les mis ) 3 . house ( ... house . ) 4 . mitchell ( being human ) 5 . prince humperdinck ( the princess bride ) a samsung of sorts . has touch screen . i'd rather not live forever . it'd get so monotonous , and what if you get in an earthquake or something ? and you're trapped under all that rubble until someone digs you out ? what if they never dig you ... i am an type 5 intp . 0 : although i mostly lurk because after a long while debate bores me . lawl . didn't even know you'd replied . i need to stop disappearing randomly . edit : i have 100 posts already . i wonder what this says about me . not too sure . : c i've recently tried to become a christian again , but due to being an intp ( or so i guess ) i can't help but question blind-faith and there being a sky man of sorts watching us . plus ... 1800 ' s - 1960 ' s ? maybe ? this century is boring , with all its new-found technology and whatnot.plus we're all lazy fucks . not to say everyone else was back then , just most people weren't . xd so yeah . routines . hate ' em . yes , they're nice for awhile , but then they get boring and monotonous . switching things up every once in awhile is fun . c : showing my emotions to others makes me feel embarrassed , and weak . : misread that as wolf penis . and i dunno - they're crazy , i guess . well , if i ever get a boyfriend / girlfriend , i'll let you know . but i imagine if they cheated on me , i'd ask them , why'd you do that ? and give them merry hell until they answered properly . if we ... it depends . sometimes i'll wait until the last minute , but if i'm randomly out and about and there's a store nearby i'll pick up something . welcome ! intpness is awesome .  ... okay , so not really since we're rare but pfft . welcome aboard the perc express ! wow , you look normal today . o . o no one's really a genius . at times nts call themselves geniuses , perhaps , but will correct themselves immediately after . welcome bro welcome . i'm not an infj but i'll hopefully be seein ' you arounds . : 3 not that i remember . i evolved , you could say . i've always had original ideas , yes , but never all my life have i been an intp . : x unconsciously or consciously ? perhaps unconsciously , as a defense ... from time to time . xd i hate it when people try to reign authority over me just because they're cops / teachers / adult . with the slight exclusion of parents , they have no power ( perhaps cops , but i'll ... ... i-i don't know how to respond to any of that . dx head on ! i thought that one was a joke when i first saw it . : c oh , speaking of silly commercials , the ez cracker . '