i know an enfp when they are late for their appointments - or simply opportunistically double scheduled , knowingly . inxj friend and me last month visiting new york ... errr i mean paris . i found the cute miniature statue of liberty ! 717329 are enfp's generally bad at managing money ? - or just deliberately bad at managing it because it doesn't hold as much value to them as it does to others ? i have an enfp friend that spends like ... you may find me in the following places : - the office - subway / bus / train , i tend to commute / travel a lot - random city centres doing sightseeing , grabbing some food and shopping with a ... you really expect someone with such experience to write a biblical page on that ( because that takes serious effort to explain properly ) , while you only devoted two meager lines on it ? :p and as ... what about your enneagram 7 though ? and don't ' ' they ' ' say that infp's don't doubt about being infp's , but that enfp's doubt about being enfp's / infp's or not ? the only thing that kept me on ... i suppose that a healthy infp male can be very attractive to women in that they * seem * very unshaken and untouched by all the mainstream nonsense that is happening in public . they do not react ... in my experience , first of all you need to feel that strong lasting mutual attraction and chemistry ( not the one that fades after 3 weeks because people get overly excited when seeing / learning ... it hmm , i browsed my older pics , this is the closest i can come up with : it's rare for me to have ' ' shorter ' ' hair 716154 it sort of reinstates what i tried to explain with my theory i think . hot and cold flashes to keep you close , but still at a distance so that he does not have to choose and can keep his options open ... careful ? it's very hard for me to make mistakes really hahaha ... how does one do that when it comes with relationships / love ? i honestly don't get it ! but then again it just means i'm single most of ... i'm not sure yet about entj's , but i start to feel like it is probably better to forget it - or - i will still run into my very dominant female crush <3 other than that i'm still interested pretty ... don't say that : shocked : everybody will point fingers and nod their heads and say : ' ' yeah , typical nico , that bastard always being a type-racist to everyone ! ! ' ' classic . and heartbreaking . losing your fi-works is just ... frustration and mourn level 1000 . at some point i started to use word to make a draft . * laughs * these sort of revelations and thoughts are awesome : laughing : i can so relate . makes me giggle . * pats meg on the back * - but you're a great kid though , i hope your parents give you the ... these sort of threads always generate the ' ' standard appropriate correct ' ' answers that sweep mbti off the table . everything with everyone is possible whenever . yeah duh , but those are boring ... i especially love the last one missal - so radiant ! it looks so good on you ! :) i'm emotionally dominant , but sexually ideally i take a very submissive role if possible / compatible . i usually end up being in the submissive role while actually still controlling the situation ... but that in turn totally emphasises my message in the literal sense as you took it initially : tongue : haha clearly , but you failed to understand the approach . i asked if such statement would be effective ( to activate entj brain and engage , thought that would be obvious ... :p expected different response ) . as a kid i was pretty crazy . wanting positive attention from others and be none like the others , i was the class clown . wild ( bad ) ideas and trying to get others to do things i wanted to try / explore ... well , then you failed showing that to me : tongue : or i'm oblivious to it . anyway i wasn't being sarcastic this time . it was compliment okay take it : shocked : ... do it , take ... same for me ( except for the parties ) , though i have learned that you can also ' ' train ' ' to become more energetic and resilient to have energy sucked from you . i believe my low tolerance for other ... yay meg ! :) now i'm really eager to know how that convo went : 0 what , why ? : sad : lord pixel - couldn't handle ? you've always been kind , honest and humble - i cant fight you : crying : oh that basically means they looked for an easy way out to deal with the necessities and obligations of life . especially works well for women too . no need to fool yourself with that :p but sure , ... i don't think i'm interested in fighting for the attention ( - span ) and interest of an entj . go impress yourselves . will this do ? : rolldeyes : : 3 <3 * sways * edit so eager . but , this is a veterans battle . who ! ! ? it's time to kick the 4 off the eternal throne , and that 9 sidekick . more balance more interesting so many 2s all over the place all of a sudden thats very good i feel some similar language in here yea :p awesome ! - and whoa , from esfp to istp is definitely new territory ! must be exciting and super interesting ! that's one of the things i have been thinking ... this is where it gets so interesting ! because i've had this discussion before in a way . it is reversed for me , compared to you . when i don't love someone yet , i can't be in a relationship and won't ... thank you for your reply :) well first of all :P ... if that is you in your avatar than you kind of look quite like my ex , which makes for a bit of irony . how do you mean that you haven't ... i want to chip in on this . full grown beards ? maybe when i'm 65 in my case also , admittedly i'm skeptical too about your height , eefje :p you don't look 1.73 m - i will have to verify sometime ... lemmy - it looks very nice , and cheery ! ( can i use that in english ? in dutch i'd say ' ' vrolijk ' ' :) ... ) :p roud : fucking hell again hour long discussion with family how nico doesn't fit in their way of life and how somehow all their perspectives are omni-applicable to everyone for problems in life - and - ... those are really great compliments <3 - that means a lot eefje anoninfp sensitive guy ( fellow 2w1 : o ! ) this morning i was at serious risk of oversleeping myself once more . thankfully it was only 5 minutes , but i felt it could have easily been an hour just as well . i have a bad history on ... i can't concentrate anymore omg , that is us missal i'd sooo plan world domination with you yes that is eefje - she provides us nourishments i'm in a good spot right now - though already afraid when the cracks start to appear and i feel like ' ' missing ' ' certain things . let's just still apply the day-by-day approach . my next ... i will always find ways to make something useful out of your chaotic mess . don't accuse me for misinterpretations then though :p ! ! you're bright though , i'm very confident that you will be able to figure this out yourself - not to mention the ' fact ' that the whole world except me loves to to read ( this is a defensive way of me ... graf ... but what would be a ' ' grave ' ' then ? apperantly tombe exists in dutch as well . hehe : 3 - well do not worry my one * takes away restless brain * , it's okay , no need for the extra discussions . * auto-fills * sorry , i didn't meant to seemingly imply you in that story . maybe i ... haha , that is good to hear ! and you know what ? this is that kind of optimistic , hopeful , confident , positive and cheery energy that can be so attractive in / to other people . i believe that if you keep ...