' this is the perfect blend of dragonball and mario nostalgia ;) i was also a fan  then mario would ... 718250 7182 58 swtor looks like it  friday the 13th series scenes like this , lol and godzilla movies cheesy fun stuff like this ... * waves at emma * not a problem i get the same extreme obsessions or apathy . sounds like we're on to something . outside inside ... one big phat problem with the lightsaber is that's it's far more dangerous to yourself than even the zombies are , unless you have the force ... i'm over 9,000 infj the dark comforts me 5w4 entj i believe it's what it is because there's clearly something to it . patterns are important . but how much i'm not sure . i have noticed things and commonalities though , and after a while it's hard for ...  >;) probably the type of stuff nobody else is fuck socks . naked foots are best . it's so free to feel the air woosh between my toes ! in fact ... it annoys the crap out of me . i'm an impatient person so if it's effecting gameplay and getting choppy it'll quite annoy me . i'll end up quitting to come back later . but if it isn't that bad then ... istj similar to a friend i know who is in fact istj contrary to all this ntp's hate authority thing , i'm a little different . if they aren't abusive or pushy for no good reason then i don't really care and i actually prefer a sense of structure ... ^ i second this cult idea sp / sx or sx / sp either way when you try to schedule everything but end up forgetting to look 3/4 of the time , when you prefer sticky notes to a calender when you feel like a robot , every so often when you get all philosophical about fictional stuff and the symbolisms in stories , almost obsessively sometimes well philosophical in general , sometimes isxj .. ? i suspect you're a lot like me . i get mixed up with intp and entp all the time because i'm not a normal one . i'm known as witty , charming , funny and all that and yet very laid back and low ki i can ... isn't it just cute how they try to force you into their own limited perceptions of how the system should be ? sometimes we break that because the truth is a little more expandable than that . like type ... quite impressive that you typed all this . i never would've said quite so much about my own past in such detail . i can see how the attachment thing could manifest then , as it's largely a childhood ... thus comes forth an absolutist . my view in a nutshell sup , bruh may your time here be wicked .. evil is a strong word . babies have a sense of naïve selfishness . if never taught otherwise , that selfishness will fester into something more dangerous when they begin to mature and grow into it ... yes so i can be the secret ruling dark edge lord using the world as my private experimental playground to observe fascinating human souls . you have to register to do this ? you have to pay ? what is this ? if it's not free and i need to register i'd rather not go through all that trouble it seems pointless . one might say ' there is no truth ' but even they have ' facts ' they perceive as a sort of absolute . even they hold strong views in various ways that might differ from others . to say there is no ... * chuckles * good point . that is always the problem isn't it ? the fear that if we condemn said person they might be innocent and in doing so we will have been the wrongdoer . the catch for any harsh punishment ... this always stuck out to me no . but i would eat an ant pie . ;) 8 ; 35 + proves it'd be delicious death penalty is a solution . consider it like taking out the trash . ;) can't . i hate veggies . i've thought of becoming a fruititarian , though . it would be most fruitful . why's it always christianity ? there's other religions out there yet somehow that's the one true religion often by perception . there are so many perceptions , so many religions , and yet so many think ... sure , why not ? sometimes the less pleasant option is simply the best option . fair . it may also serve as an example to discourage the repeat of such acts . the only issue is always over how humane ... maybe yes and no . truth and falsity often blur . there are times went something is miswired or let's say interferes in their functioning . still , a lot of it seems to relate to ... lots of black . occasional whites , dark blues , grays . i wear more shades than colors . and i like to be covered up a bit more than others so i usually have a jacket ( plaid or hoodie ) unless it's too ... my two best male friends from childhood are istj 5w6 and enfj 6w7 my best female friends are almost always infp and infj somehow i don't get why it's hard to believe their could be subtle physical cues of types . eyes are a good example i've noticed in types , and clear differences recurring . there's only so many coincidences ... '