' difficult ... draw things into reality perhaps ? , one only have so much time to discover things and there are so much in this time and in the possibilities of my mind ... but on the other hand , why the ... ... peace , love and uunderstaaanding . but perhaps in the order love , understanding ( i'll let curiosity be part of that ( desire for udnerstanding ) , and the appreciation of the complexity / simplicit of ... i thought she seemed extroverted too , in the series , i have not read the books , i was curious about the series as i have heard so many here talk about that book series as such an infp one . i did read ... so many people ... can't i take a week vacation from people ? no ? the night is sweet though ; me , computer , music and tea . today i learnt that the work i started studying for requires ... saltless soup 0.5 pencil or 0.7 pencil ? i was scared of one not that long ago , it was the biggest i had seen , and it was very fast and i was surprised . but two days ago one crept over my face when i was about to fall asleep and i just ... six ( in my language the word for six and sex are the same , that is sex ) i don't know much , but was told once i was happy and pleased , didn't scream much . i don't know if it is the real definition of it , but to me , what i have thought of when reading emotional connection is mutual perceptiveness , noticing ques for what the other is feeling ( it doesn't ... hm ... i have been thinking about this some this summer , that and shorter showers are my next areas of improvement environmentally speaking . plus it is nice exercise . i used to need a bicycle , because ... i think it is dangerous to both talk about vitamins like they are harmless , and to talk about them as though they are very dangerous , because it can scare away people who need them . as a vegan it is ... i don't know about the feeling better in general . but one temporary plaster , while working on the rest , can be to prepare some treat for the morning , like a little ritual , i am not sure why i don't ... strangely dizzy , i think it might be allergy somehow , or sideeffect of the pollenmedicine perhaps . stressed , so much to do this weekend and the week after . i have a five weeks course to finish ( no ... i have been thinking so much about empathy ... but i don't know if i am any the wiser , it is confusing . i think i have pretty strong empathy , not not very ... skilled empathy . i struggle with ... i don't know ! i keep going into these threads with the intention to at least post something , even if it would not be the very top five , but just 5 of the top 50 or something ... but it is so hard ... not exactly like in that example , if it is a word in the middle of a sentence , i tend to get stuck , weaving my hand around , getting frustrated , then find the word or make one up or explain it in ... i am no expert , but i will try to answer from what i have observed mainly in myself and people in the infp forum . i'll write in colour in the quote , bit by bit . oh , i can relate :) stuff like that can happen to me every so often , but not quite as much lately , as i have started to learn from mistakes and doublecheck stuff a lot ( like that the skirt is not ... monadnock even if your guess that people to the left care about the climate just because they fear they will be the loosers if times get much harder , how does that make climate change any less ... in 2013 , the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) fifth assessment report concluded that it is extremely likely that human influence has been the dominant cause of the observed warming ... i need to sleep , but i am still a bit adrenaliny after a spider that might have been about 6cm long ran around in our bedroom ( i am not usually very scared of spiders , unless they crawl over my face ... this was a bit interesting : type most likely to be lesbian , gay , or bisexual it is a limited sample , based on okcupid profiles , which doesn't have to represent the general public , and there's a ... spark ? voff ? tailer ? friend ? slippers ? donut ? loaf ? ernest ? fido ? fifi ? ... it is late , i am too tired to think of something really good . what craft would you like to be able to master , if you were ... most said in the above post i think . one more thought was that the product might not cost that much to them , i don't know what product we are talking about , but is is possible something selling for ... it worries me a lot in periods , then i don't think about it much at all for quite some time , then i get worried again . i make smaller adjustments in my life now and then , but it seems futile in the ... unrelatedly ? - - - perhaps that many seem to see so much as separate stuff going on , not giving much thought to the greater movements that make up , it doesn't seem to have so much to ... ^ hm ... i think i prefer 1.5- 3 meters apart , depending on how loud the place is . if someone is next to me it is ok to be closer , 30 cm even , but closer than a meter in front of my face and it will ... dracula ? ( don't ask me how that came to mind ... i don't know how it is associated ... or wait , one of the first books i read was about a vampire named vincent , which is similar to valentine , that ... i don't know how it works in england , but checking the hospitals close to where she's supposed to be might also be an idea , if she was in an accident and is recovering there . i does sound a bit ... beautiful things being destroyed . what do you think the world is made of ? i am pretty organised in space , but not in time , my j partner is the opposite , he never remembers where he put his book , doesn't know where we keep say our stapler though it has been there in plain ... 35 ... but i think i have gotten around 50 on eq tests before . i feel like this test depends quite alot on how confident you are , if you are cautious . being cautious and picking slightly ... sofa no :) so = significant other = boyfriend / partner / guy / fiancé , i am a bit reluctant to use it too , i switch between the terms , partly because other people might also be significant ( and i am not fond of ... mh ... i have not had a room-mate except my so , and that is different , but also similar in many ways i would guess . i have had many flatmates though . i don't know what anyone's type has been , but i ... mittens i sometimes feel i become a bit hard-cool-facts and bottom-lines-ish in discussions , or more so debates sometimes . but i think it is mostly an adaptation to others , not coming from within myself ... i don't know if one needs to be always doing something , it can be really neat to just sit by a fire looking out over water and thinking for a while too for example , but i think at least i would feel ... i think it sound wonderful to go to a place like that alone . perhaps bring a book or something , sketchbook ? crossword ? whatever you like to do , if you don't have anything to do for hours . i have gone ... not that i can remember ... i rarely cry , and most likely if i do it is where i am alone like in a closed room or the toilet . i imagine it would feel really good though , like the world was empathising ... i understand you saying leans toward intp , because you seem to have a kind of openmindedness for example my intj father seem to be lower in . wasn't there some other test here some time ago , ... the general idea sounds good , but putting a strange cat down next to a sleeping cathater sound dangerous , haha , i am an worst-case-scenarioer and this is what i envisioned ( based on my own cats ... i do :) well , not every time i come home , but more every now and then when we meet , and more often the top of her head than the neck , but also every so often her stomack ( we have this ritual when she ... time , much , much more time , in the little moments and in the long run . what if your life was a new version of the truman show , would you like to know ? or go on happily oblivious to that everyone ... i am a little late to the party , but i just looked up what on earth your name actually means , i thought dammerung was something about apocalypse or something , but internet says it is dusk , and in my ... according to my ample experience with young men and armhair ( that is one person ) some might have complex for having more armhair than the norm , or darker that shows much more than blond hair does , and ... do anyone think your answer would differ depending on what time of the day i asked this question ? i am thinking i might be closer to isfp in the daytime , become a bit more extroverted in the evening , ... some cake ? or witch-cake ? : ... most close to being , yourself :) i don't think i would have liked to be an intp alltogether ( i think i might have been a bit like that in my teens and it felt ... bad , as it is not really me ) but it ... right now i do next to nothing . i don't have an income , so i can't donate much , but i still have a few monthly payments to action aid , amnesty , animal rights org . etc . that are withdrawn if i have ... '