' ... i am an enfp in a long marriage with an intp man . i can tell you a few things about these relationships . the ugly : * intps tell the truth ( as they understand ) as it is . the enfp feels pretty ... angelfish - you sure come across as a very empathic person . :) thank you for reassuring me . i have been desperate to hear that i am ok . :D :D bella 2016 : oh ... i understand . didn't see this coming , though . lots to think about . thanks for the comment . i am so glad you wrote in , angelfish ! the social-strong qualities you have listed above surprise me . no wonder then that i don't fit . if these are considered to be ' good behaviours ' , then i ... and i hope i don't come across in my original post as someone who is judgemental towards isfps overall . that is not at all my intention . :-) this is reassuring . so , it is not a lost cause , after all . thank you , this is helpful . this . thank you , alittleflower . it does make me feel better . like you said , the most ... i am not pandering , but this group has been helpful when i have asked questions in the past . so , i am back here . :) i live in an environment with a large number of introverted sensing types - ... thank you for the very contained and calm response ; i appreciate it . :) yes , i understand how the enfp bubbling-over-with-enthusiasm response to intjs can get ingratiating . but you ... lol ! this * had * to happen , right ? this is the thing with the internet - it is hard to perceive correctly from written text . ok , speaking of shame , i am not sure what you will feel when i tell you ... he is an anti-tradition person , so that particular aspect of an istj does not fit him at all . he is thorough with following processes - especially those that he has put together . the same level of ... hmm ... he had tested clearly as intj . so , i am using that as the basis for believing that he is one . :) but the reason i wanted to know if intjs could be this way was over the afore-listed traits ... hello . a friend of mine who seems to be an intj somehow defies certain stereotypes of the type . i am trying to find out if he still qualifies as an intj . these are : 1 . he doesn't read much , ... ok , what else would you rather do ? ( i am sorry , i missed putting in the none of the above option in the poll . ) people , one more question . sorry to bother , but i am trying to be as non-troublesome as possible to one of your kinsmen ! :) should i just quietly back off or mention explicitly that i have ... this is interesting . so , in your ideal world , people don't ask for help and don't offer it to others either ? every man an island , almost ? :) oh what an offer ! i am quite happily married to an intuitive thinker , thank you ! :-) i hope you find someone very nice for yourself - it can only help that you are so readily available ! ;) very impressively productive and sorted , i must say . however , what i glean from this post as the answer to the original question is : * on short flights , you work * on longer flights , you take a ... you are observant . :) i am asking this for two reasons . 1 ) behaviour of people on a plane is counter-intuitive to me . when in a captive space , for a long period , with other people sitting at ... ouch ... not nice , i agree ! :) odd question , because i am trying to understand our behaviour as people on a plane . it beats intuitive logic a little for me - if people are in a relatively safe , captive space at * very * close ... hello enfps . can you help me with this survey , please ? how would you spend your time on a long-haul flight ? what would be your answer if it were a short ride ? thanks much ! hello dear enfjs . pray tell me , how do you like to spend time on a long flight ? would you do something different if you were on a short flight ? please answer the poll and post comments for ... hello ! how do you spend time on a long-haul flight ? would your answer change if it were a short ride ? so tell me , how do you like to spend time on a long-distance plane journey ? what about a short-haul flight ? hello esfjs ! how do you like to spend time on a long flight ? what about on a short flight ? many thanks for your poll response and comment . :) hello . how do you prefer to spend time on a long-distance flight ? would your answer be different if it were a short flight ? how do you prefer to spend time on long flights ? would your answer be different if it were a short flight ? how do you prefer to spend time on a long flight ? what if it is a shorter flight ? how does your type spend time on a long flights ? what if it were a short flight ? oh man ! i am blown away ! thank you , sincerely , ferroequinologist ! you have no idea how much sense you are making - to the point i am thinking you are probably right at my cubicle-side , watching the ... hello . how does your type like to spend time on a long flight ? would your answer be different if it were a short flight ? please use the comments option to respond , after taking the poll . thank ... how do you spend time on a long flight ? would it be different from that of short flights ? so , how does your type ( intj ) spend time on a long flight ? would it be different if you were on a short flight ? you are very perceptive to come to this hunch without any details whatsoever . :) that's my guess too , being in the thick of things . that said , what i am trying to find out is how the person became ... , petitpelerin , incoherentbabbler , huginn : thank you for taking the time to read the long post and reply thoughtfully . thank you for not being patronizing or questioning my motives and ... if you are on a long flight , how would you spend time ? would your answer be different if it were a short flight ? please use post responses if you want to indicate the differences . if you were on a long flight , what would you prefer to do , isfp ? if it is a short flight , would your answer be different ? survey time . how does your type prefer to spend time on a plane ? think of the longest plane journey you have been on . what's your preference ? would it change if it were a shorter flight ? people , help me here . is it an istp thing or may be it is one individual in a particular circumstance . i am trying to find out which one ; and if it is a generic thing common to many in the ... hmm ... i have got this feedback before from an isfp too , ferroequinologist . however , when i did lay out the problem point-by-point with factual evidence and a note for each point about how it can be ... isfps , help me here . suppose you are in a job that requires you to do things in a certain way . you aren't necessarily aligned with that , but need to do what you are asked to do ( because , that's ... oddly , he found himself another job and decided that this place wasn't right for him anymore ! oh well ... i don't know many intjs who talk non-stop ! actually , i don't know * any * that does . however , on a topic that they are interested in , they can talk sufficiently . oh yes , i forgot to mention that ! :) good point . do enfps ever completely forgive themselves ? do other enfps do this ? in areas of disagreement with the other , the progression i have seen is like this : passive ( compromising , bending over backwards to please ) --> neutral ( cooperative , ... and yes , an overlooked fi in an enfp is capable of mischief . thanks for bringing this insight up . i hadn't realised , but it is very important , indeed ! thank you , rainbow catfactory thank you , for the validation . :) intj women with entj men seem like a good match - i know from two such families . very successful . i have also seen successful intj man + esfj woman - no idea why or how this works , but these are ... g_w : thank you for your comment and commendation . :) '