' i just finished his route today , and wow do you miss out on a lot about him when you're not doing his route , lmao . hes so sweet ! ! i could be wrong , but im thinking rather than isfj using ne in ... yep ! my art blog ( i rarely update it so most of the stuff is pretty old haha ) is here ! and i dont write as often as i'd like to but i do enjoy it :) someone else on tumblr had said ixfp for him ... no worries ! :) what you said makes a lot of sense , though ! ill keep it in mind . i know exactly what you mean , oh my god . im so glad someone else thinks this way ! ! when i try to pick types for ... i don't think performance in school is necessarily indicative of type ? i'm isfp and i got straight as through all of elementary school and didn't get my first c until around 7th grade . my grades in ... i just started this game recently and zen's route is the only one ive finished ! here are my thoughts so far : 707 - entp yoosung - infp without a doubt zen - esfp ( but i'd consider exfj as ... i'd love to read them ! ! ( im on tumblr too , haha ! ) hey ! i think you're definitely right on allura . i knew she was obviously high si , but wasn't sure if it was te or fe i was seeing from her . your explanation makes a lot of sense ! for shiro , i'll ... i had another thread for this , but i keep changing my mind on their types ! id love to hear what you guys think since ive been having some trouble with a few of them ! shiro - infj hunk - exfx ... can you explain how he's an aux fi user ? life is strange - nathan prescott criminal minds - derek morgan haikyuu - tanaka ryuunosuke total drama island - duncan malcolm in the middle - reese wilkerson i'm still a bit new to the game and havent played everyone , so here are the characters i know enough about to type ! d.va : esfp hanzo : istj junkrat : extp lúcio : esfp 729 ♥ mccree : istp ... all sensing types share cognitive functions with two intuitive types , and vice versa ( istj / estj share functions with infp / enfp , istp / estp share functions with infj / enfj , etc . ) after finishing the series , i think the only ones i want to change are lance - esxp hunk - esfp allura - esxj i've been so pumped for this to come out ! ! ! i'm not too far into it yet but i have to type them shiro - infj hunk - esfj ? would love to hear what you guys think about him ! he's described like ... i cant think of any specific details that made me think calla was estx ( estp mainly ) , but i think it was just that she reminded me of a lot of other estp characters . i could see enfp for her , though ! ... im halfway through dream thieves right now , so these might change ! blue - xxfp , but probably not enfp gansey - enfj adam - intj , possibly in a ni-fi loop ronan - istp noah - isfp ... entj - azula ( avatar : the last airbender ) intj - adam parrish ( the raven cycle ) esfp - bokuto koutarou ( haikyuu ! ! ) , andy dwyer ( parks and recreation ) isfp - amethyst ( steven universe ) estj - ... really sorry if there's already a thread on this but i couldnt find one ( i actually couldnt find a good list on other sites , either ! ) so im wondering , what do you guys do when you have free time ? ... finn : exfp or esfj rey : ixtp or istj ( i can see both si and se in her . definite thinker tho ) poe : estp ? we didnt see much of him - - i was so disappointed ! kylo ren : isfp general hux : estj maz ... can you explain how he's fe dom ? : 0 i had a lot of trouble typing him and didnt feel like estj quite fit so id love to hear why you think that ! ! i just finished the lion , the witch , and the wardrobe . gorgeous movie ! lucy - infp or enfj peter - estj susan - istj edmund - inxp ! ! his low si is so obvious that i was considering istj for the ... that makes sense ! ! thanks for taking the time to explain it ! ill have to keep a closer eye on ichimatsu as i continue watching . i knew he had fi in there somewhere , so istj would definitely work ! ... aww thanks ! ! ! can you explain how choromatsu is isfj ? ive seen other ppl type him as that before but ive never understood why ! ( then again i didnt pay much attention to him other than the nyaa ... i dont know the minor characters well enough to type them but ill take a crack at the sextuplets ! osomatsu - extp jyushimatsu - exfp ? 7 ? choromatsu - infj 1w2 karamatsu - esfp ? ... i recently finished watching two walkthroughs of the new game firewatch and the characters were pretty hard for me to type ! i know there aren't many and that we dont actually ever meet some of them ... can you change my name to bokuto ? im not too far into this show yet but i have a few ideas for the types of the main characters so i thought id share ! dj - esfj 100 % . so much fe stephanie - estp kimmy - entp ? not sure ! ... max - infp chloe - esxp ( im leaning esfp ) kate - isfj warren - entp nathan - estp victoria - estj joyce - esfj for sure david - istj frank - istp jefferson - enfj , uses fe to manipulate ... honestly i've never come out of a game with no idea on the types on any characters like this ! it's still a pretty new game so i dont expect to get a ton of responses , but i'd love to hear what you ... i've seen a couple threads about life is strange on various websites , but none of them have really had good explanations on the types given to these characters . here are some questions i have : ... any thoughts on principal wells ? istp ? personally , my mom is enfj and i know an enfj teacher at my school ! i don't know the teacher very well but i know my mom and i don't think she's particularly manipulative ! and even if she did ... you talk a lot about your desire to help people and general focus on others ' needs here , which seem very fe to me ! i think you're probably infj or enfj , but i could be wrong . good luck ! can anyone explain why sapphire is infj and not isfj / istj ? i've always heavily identified with everything about isfp . i've never seen myself as an extrovert and looking into the differences between isfp and esfp , i really lean more towards isfp . i took a ... okay ! i think i agree now ! i was pretty sure he was istj before but you've convinced me ! :) those were just guesses ! my memory isnt very good and i couldnt really remember their personalities ... true ! she's very considerate about my feelings . i meant literally every other person on the planet when i said that . i can still try ! i recently had my friend take a cognitive functions test because i was interested in what she'd get . we were pretty sure she was istj before this , but now i don't know . i'll describe a few things ... isfp - acts of service ( strongly first ) - quality time - physical touch and gifts ( tied ) - words of affirmation honestly people complimenting / reassuring / etc me makes me really , really ... why do you think kageyama is an extrovert ? and could you explain why you think kuroo is an estp ? i can totally see it , i just want to hear your reasoning for it ! burgerpants - istp ? i don't think i've seen a haikyuu-specific thread yet , so here goes ! these are just my guesses so a lot are probably off karasuno hinata shouyou - exfp kageyama tobio - intj sawamura daichi - ... they're very intimidating , honestly ! this is the best thing ive ever read probably . thank you ! ! ! ok i don't know a whole lot abt enneagram but here's an update on my guesses bokuto - esfp 3w4 , maybe 4w3 akaashi - istj 1w9 or 5w6 i know they're pretty minor characters , but im really interested in their types ! ive heard a few different opinions on both ( enfp , esfj , estp for bokuto and istj / intj for akaashi ) , but few had ... why do you think he's istp ? just wondering ! i'm really interested in hearing other opinions on the undertale character's types ! ! here are the characters i have a somewhat of an idea on undyne - estx ? alphys - inxx papyrus - esfj sans - ... i'm very surprised how little mbti stuff ive found for total drama island ! what do you guys think the characters types are ? here are my guesses ! chris mclean - entp heather - entj / intj ? lindsay ... the enfp seems to love all animals . she loves all the science surrounding animals and her favorite seems to be big cats ( lions , tigers , etc . ) . she loves domestic cats as well and taking care of them ... '