' * edit * i now realize this thread is for what we are wearing not the actual habits . sooo yeah sleepwear has always been just boxers or briefs i always sleep best like that . at the gf house or ... weird i thought like te question was going to be where us ur element i am hijavking this thread and saying ny elwment is in the mountians doesnt natte what im doing there , backpavking dirtbiking ... haha it's wat i do ;) psh it's wat i do istp for sure you bet it is ! [ / quote ] haha well my dad is an entj or an estj and they scare me hah wow . he sounds ... realistic ! [ / quote ] haha sarcasm ? ! u have hi jacked my thread : o haha from a fellow istp i have not been ableto really deal with feeling types ... i just stay quieter than normal and try to figure out what their motives r eh depends on the person and if i like them or there is something in it for me ... so i guess not very and never openly i don't want any attention if i do something good ... i hate drama and people make ... 2012-03- 17 : the day an intp told an esfp to quit overthinking . [ / quote ] hahahahaha made my day ... to be honest my advice depends on what type he is do u know ? what is the point of drawing that picture ... there isn't anything useful about it and who cares ... istp alright and now for those of u that have seen the peanut butter jelly time dance on u tube ... 34,000 haha not bad for a second language eh ! ! ! pretty happy right now oops i forgot another one of ur questions for me when i was younger fighting helped releive stress and it was nice totake it out on someone else um as far as being in a fight they quickly lose their ... well to be honest when i was younger i picked a lot of fights when i was pissed but i grew out of that haha i do krav ma ga ( isreali defense ) i'm not insane good but i try and here goes my advice ... only if it benefits me ... inside knowledge is always good ... but i won't go out of my way to eavesdrop and a gun ... for the annoyingpeople um yeah i know what u mean i get i . these anti social screw the world moods and then when the weekends come i'm like crap now i want to do something but everyone made plans without me haha off the ... haha ok if i were invisible i would mess with my friends all day long and use ot to make a living ( robbing banks robbing bank robbers etc ) but i would also want to fly scenario i find myself going ... um yeah but everyone has different layers to them we just have a lot and most people don't peel all the layers off ... i dunno it seems like a decent analogy though i mean istps are the onions yeah ... i dunno maybe like an unknown type ? haha yeah very typical istp he probably just disn want to e there so he dent socialize or he was thinking about something big ... was it an appear event ? that would wear me out really quick and like ... to be honest it really depends onif i like / can stand the person or not , i always call people by their names though ... i dunno nvr though about it before but i guess i prefer my name i am a hardcore dubstepper lol soft stuff heavy stuff dubstep is the bomb haha i luv istps lol why the hall not haha haha yeah i went a little overboard lol ... istp hahahhaha for me it is simple ( i have fantisized about to many world crisis scenarios ) but i want to hear everone elses answer to these question and or more 1 ) supplies wat do u have ? can u carry it all ? ... basically it will look like my avatar ... awesomeness ... yeah i was thinking that after 40 days we call it and they make it in my posse fascinating i will contemplate it ... i was also thinking of having a free for all lion on human on scorpian ( they are bigger now cuz of radiation ) on tiger on five people we found holding out in a ... nice jinx ... um i havent figured it out yet im only on day 39 ... on day 38 u have to take on 50 zombies with a spoon ... did i mention all u have had to eat lately is ur fallen comrades that didnt ... u have to pass my version of hell week first to see if u will make it my posse six flags by eureka is like a spawning zone for rednecks i just moved from there nah ... we would be survivors ... i would just have a posse of people to raid the surrounding villages for supplies and they will obey me ... but if anyone came to our village we would all be peaceful ... just found that out ... no we had a private message debate ... and he never presented anything to change my mind sooo im guessing ( being istp ) he is flying here to the states to formally present ... i wouldnt go that far if the world went to nuclear war u know who would come out of the ashes ? us istps cuz no one and i mean no one is better than us in a total all out crisis situation i have crazy add i guess i get bored sooo easily but i never struggled with school ... public was so easy that i could screw with the teachers and het 85 % a - 95 % which was good enough for me ... at this ... awww how cute ... lol sorry didnt mean to write a small book but i think it is an interestinf = g story haha yeah i totally agree on the unplugging but now that i have said that there will probably be a group of protesters gathering outside my house to chant about how useless i am when they could be ... 1 ) if they betray my trust at all i will hate them almost forever unless they are genuinly sorry and apologise and make it up , if betrayting my trust involves betraying something emotional i have ... by the way i meant to telll you earlier but ur avatar is awesome ... that man has no shame wat so ever ... i mean its like he is waiting for someone to comment on him having man boobs and eating a ... i do stuff like that ... sometimes i will just break out the dangerous chemicals in my room just so i dont have to go to the garage everytime i need them ... needless to say my parents were never to ... yeah i know where you are coming from ... i am against abortions but i am also not retarded i know what kinda problems would happen and i dunno its such a tricky issue . i guess as long as you have ... sweeet i love these ... ummm name : no one knows for sure , but this man will answer to wolf and sometimes buddy height : 6 ' weight : 180 build : lanky but muscular age : once again no one knows ... my infj sister is kinda the same way , i even had to create some new threads to see if there was something i was missing ... how old is your sister ? that intuition combined with feeling can be ... she flirts a lot ? what is ur definition of flirting cuz flirting a lot doesnt sound to istp to me but im probably wrong . go with the flow is a good way to put it but she will probably expect you to ... sadly i will say that is true yes like hell yes ... most istps would only do that if they really really really liked the girl did u read the other posts ? haha yes n2freedoms replies have been awesome ... i was just trying to get as much info as possible ( istp lol ) personally i would have just stayed moved out but he put me in the boarding school and then ... '