' ethical intuitive extratim - wikisocion this is posted elsewhere , but there are subtypes of enfj as well as gender differences summarized in the top link pages . the former roommates deep ... ayup . ;) welcome . for you ! welcome ! coolios . welcome to the forum ! hi and welcome ! there's endless food for thought and discussion on these forums . you're going to really enjoy it . my two cents on your personality typing : when you write about how you think , ... update from my picture post long ago : i just found out that my mother is an istj . no wonder she often has that long-suffering look when surrounded by enfj family . heeheehee . i love her so much . adorable . i want to adopt them like this : the sting is if a shy person comes across as standoffish . sometimes i think someone is stuck up or ... that's awesome ! he must love you so much ! i wish my grandpas were still around . i miss'm so . : sad : one of my grandpas understood me . we used to pull pranks on other people , build things together , and ... your grandpa sounds kinda lonely , or like he's pouring as much of himself into you as he possibly can . it's sorta cute . enfjs have an on and an off mode . around my close friends , i switch the e ... i have nightmares about my teeth shattering while i'm eating , and falling out one by one . * shudder * 180962 me ( enfj ) on the right . the boy ( infj ) on the left . 180986 my father and brother are both enfjs . my mother is an i-something that i forgot . having three enfjs in the family often makes her ... of not finishing the things i've started , due to distractions . examples : my novels , my masters degree , my journalism career . of being shackled by debt in this economy . of being a bad friend . of ... respect their space . don't treat it like a college dorm . do not leave a mess in their kitchen , or trash in their vehicle . do not show up unannounced and uninvited on their doorstep . do not ... i take it back ! my infj friend just asked me to be his girl . now i'm in a panic to research infjs all over again so i don't screw up ! : shocked : one sign an enfj likes you is when they shoot you a ... laaawl . ok , you win . i see some similarities with my infj buddy here . he's the only infj i know . i thought he was another type until he tested . in groups , he comes across as an e not an i . when i only knew him on that ... well , i find infjs fascinating , so we're even . :D what cs said . also , it depends on who is giving it to me . if i don't have a good connection to that person , then a romantic gift is regarded with suspicion . i will shove that gift into the depths of ... i really sympathize with you , seeker . twice in the past i accidentally and on purpose ended up dating or very involved with someone to try and placate myself when i wasn't getting the person i really ... i know ! i was fighting this line of thinking all night tonight . all day , i was looking forward to seeing this person . and i got so worked up nervous trying to not gush and squee all over him , i sorta ... i'm not the best person to answer this because i'm a control freak , super perfectionist 1w9 . but for what it's worth : 1 ) a lot . the thoughts sneak in until i write them down or rationalize and ... * lol * summery , you just perfectly described the relationship between me and my current infj bestie . his personality continually intrigues and confuses the heck outta me , but you just described ... i agree . one time i was with another strong e type . it was like strapping myself to a roller coaster--extreme highs and lows experienced at hyper-speed . it started out addictive but got old fast . i ... yep . cuz i agree with this : it seems to me that your friend is testing your boundaries and trying to get a little attention from you , or being a little bit dominating . i think a comment such as , ... the stories so far are so interesting ! i believe the event that made me the most angry , was when a family friend and youth leader at our church committed suicide . i remember the date . it was in ... daphne du maurier , speculative fiction of all types--especially isaac asimov and david weber , lots of classic fantasy , mysteries and anything with a twist ending , dickens , shakespeare , poetry , nonfic ... do you have one ? 171114 you know , a physical place you go to retreat from the noisy world and the demands of all the needy people around you ? last night , i got back from a three day camping ... 1w9 , the perfectionist . :/ yum ! ! yeah , your buddy could put off your questions indefinitely with vague or nice answers if he didn't appreciate you asking them , so there probably isn't any reason to worry about being to aggressive ... i agree quite a bit with much of the above posts . not at all . the love you're talking about--piano falling from the 40th floor on your head kind of love , crazy shakespearian love , obsessive ... musician's hands , soft rumbly voice , kind and patient , quirky , self-entertaining , playful , can bake cookies ! caaall mi bebe ! ! : tongue : school systems and churches . i know at least three enfjs who are teachers , and one who is a minister . you can also find them working in customer service , where their bubbly joy while serving people , ... thank you both ! i'm going to keep that in mind and be patient with him . maybe he'll get more comfortable around me and relax a bit . i got yo-yo'ed again today . : laughing : if i keep getting summoned ... hey hey , confused enfj here for some advice on my infj buddy , if anyone would be so kind . ^ __ ^ ; we've known each other for a few years . the past 8 months we got a lot closer though than we used ... when two enjfs date each other , are they gonna burn each other out ? too much energy and not enough direct communication ? i'm curious . you guys are so insightful ! here's my view : yes , to the point where my friends and family crack up at me when they can tell i'm uncomfortable because one of my invisible boundaries or core values ... welcome , villette ! it's fun here , right ? ^ __ ^ sooo , i thought i'd report back in on how the date with that guy went and whatnot ... it was a no go after all . on the night we were supposed to connect , i started getting odd texts from him . he ... the fact that you're here for her now is probably more important than your having been out of the loop for a while . at least she's eventually told you some of the stuff she's been going through , even ... really ? ? granted , i've met a lot of shy people online who aren't cool with groups , but i never expected most people to be that way . i've been in writing groups in chatrooms since i was fourteen . met ... wow , i hear your frustration . : frustrating : trouble recognizing when a guy wants to get in my pants ? yep ! i think they're being friendly , and that their come-ons are meaningless little white lies ... robert 2928 this is all very true . i will try to keep it in mind . happy about nothing . yeaah , similar comments i've gotten : wow , he's hot , but does he speak ? ugg caveman ! he looks really ... hiking can be so looonely ! 94725 the intx's i've known love to lecture me for some reason . and they are usually surprised when i can keep up with them in the science and math department . i just get bored way before they do ... ooo , is ... bienvenue valérie hihi hallao ! * hugs * welcome ! hey there ^ hi ^ ^ thank you ! it already yas ^ ^ bwaha , pirates of penzance ! '