' i typically avoid people that can only fit into one category because they are boring annoying kinds of people and tend to have bad mojo they do it with mirrors - agatha christie cat on a hot tin roof - tennessee williams i have been none to perform full on actions when sleep walking ranging from going to the bathroom to managing to walk out of my apartment building in the middle of the night with my keys to get back ... yes actually but then when its over i tend to regret or worry over my decisions ummm sure :) i'm an easy lay maybe thats because you need to follow some of it : tongue : :) well i like this advice many i am highly critical and tend to hold other up to a standard ... i guess thats why i'm easily ... i have been called eccentric but to myself i'm just me . i do fit a lot of criteria though . i'm the youngest in my family , i've always been very opinionated , i eat and try everything , i have been ... if one were to disregard all the things that were the same in this world there would be nothing . the perception of the same is why threads like this are created people like to see it and / or react ... well then that asses the strength of your will does it not , my friend ? the strength of the intj's will is obvious in how we see true reality without needing all the fluff other types need to live ... we chose not to look on the bright side because the bright side most often clouds the truth of the situation . those who see the glass half full accept that it is half full and that there is no room ... well i think it works this way . could you sleep with them ? - - - possibly , that's a form of relationship . yet could you form a good stable relationship beyond sex with someone below your intellectual ... yes , but wheres the fun in that xp * rolls eyes * eh yea sure :) i always suffer sleeping issues it seems . most nights i can only go to sleep if i spend at least an hour listening to music and the last song had to be calming or melancholy . i find that what keeps ... meh perhaps but what would be in it for me :P yes > _ > duh > _ > bad boys-inner circle aww i will give the hugs let's keep the boat in port : tongue : heheh sure : happy : hmm yes ... yes i would ... i think in my time here i have proved the contrary . thank you that is all . lol i wanted to be an archeologist a singer a spy a chef an actress then a doctor and an archeologist again and then a lawyer :( you make me sad ... i hope my imaginary bulabasaur tentacle fondles you in your sleep ... : sad : but he was like a bitch in the first movie > _ > and in the game he wasn't that great isn't mewtwo technically a legendary ? bulbasaur , chikorita , and a series of digging pokemon including dugtrio , onxy oh and one super cute pokemon to keep my spirits up ... probably drifloon or something ... you are drugs is the cleanest one i can think of . i have very vulgar friends who give me very odd compliments otherwise > _ > lol well i since your not on the side of that damn skywalker kid ... i guess i could go for it :P > _ > eh maybe not feeling the ladies today but another day perhaps by far the thing that pisses off the intj in me is ... people that re not self aware . :d ry : killing is ok in any time place and 75 % of instances . you mess with me ... i cut you . i will warn you first hell i'll even tell you how i'll do it . they sure as hell won't be able to prove it or find ... eh possibly but not likely rather than clog up my browser with songs this is my playlist : there is a light that never goes out - the smiths last night i dreamnt somebody loved me - the smiths asleep - the smiths shadowside - ... 62 as i've said ... i enjoyv it but it makes for stares i do belive i would troopers <3 i hate the word groin . particular emphasis on the end - oin oh yes , just wear the socks xd :) i suppose eh just thought i'd add my two bits . it has been my experiance that after repeatdly taking many tests and in my own studies ... i flip ... i'm more of intj but i have been known to get istj often on tests hated math but loved english , italian , latin and history / mythology have you seen the recent episodes with green arrow ? > _ > actually i have had conversations about that before . i think it's a necessary deterrent . it's simple scarcity , finite resources infinite people . people think we can all live in a free society , ... hmmm i ... i see ... * photographs uploads onto interwebs * ok where is his leg ? two ... why doe he have boobie ? ... three where is his teeth ... and it figures the elf yells in horror and did anyone notice his lack of pants ... that shield is the only thing ... along with what everyone else has said , all i can add is stress what makes those skills perfect for each position . ask yourself what they are asking what makes x different from y ? yes it is from louder than bombs ... i love you so hard right now : laughing : i can't link it but a favorite of mine the smiths - a rush and a push and the land we stand on is ours sure why not the smiths - stop me if you think you've heard this one before '