' what were the requirements for that job ? my degree doesn't have anything to do with writing or journalism but recently i've been considering the possibility that a job that has to do with writing ... haha i can relate . what are the ideals that you stuck with and how has that worked for you ? i wish i could live such a life haha . what were the major events that allowed these things to happen for you and what did you do on your part to make these things happen ? haha i've been banking my whole life on waiting for luck and blessings . i think that's why i love the movie forrest gump so much because his whole life he's kind of just going along for a ride , though ... i've been on the same boat . choosing a practical career path like engineering , computer science or healthcare never appealed to me . i thought i could never be into things like that . i've since chosen ... what career did you choose ? i wouldn't want to give up the comforts of modern technology though i agree there are many beautiful things about nature . i do feel that modern civilization does leave something to be desired . we're ... breath do you often think about the future ? i think that's a common free online mbti personality test question . isn't that an indicator of perceiving ? it's been a while since i've taken one of these but i ... this is true . ditto foshodo re mi fa so la ti hehe i'm not going to thank this one because it sucks to have to deal with anxiety like that . it makes the day to day more difficult than it can already be :( but you will be able to defeat your anxiety ... insinceritay most certainly is wiggity wiggity wiggity wack like inside out ! preeeaaach ! word to yo reese . jk jk ;) <-- about the word to yo reese but the rest is ocean city fo sho ! haha i ... we most certainly do get along indoobitibly well babay :) i feelz you . i like to think of myself as an intelligent person but i can certainly admit that i am horrible at planning for the long term and i have made so many not so smart choices in my life . i'm about to ... congratulations on getting your work published as well :) thank you ! i hate cliches , so uninspired and unoriginal . sometimes a well placed cliche in the right context can be appreciated but not when you hear them like all the friggin time ! it's worse than the annoying ... the more you write the better you'll get just like any other skill :) that's awesome ! i hope you can continue your endeavors ! like i said , amazon kindle allows you to publish kindle books for free . if you know of people that have enjoyed your writing , you could promote ... sounds like a very charming way to live :) good for her ! i'd say the best thing to do would be to continue to show how you care and how much he means to you in your own way but not exaggeratedly or trying to pressure him to open up . i don't understand the appeal of country music and nascar , why people can't just mellow out some more , why some people have to be so difficult . would you mind if i ask what it is you said that hurt him ? i can only speak for myself . whether it's my infpness or just questforselfness i don't know but i don't really open up to anybody unless i ... kindle allows anybody to publish your writing for free if you want to publish a kindlebook . if you want to publish in print it costs some money but kindlebooks can be published for free ... you seem like you have a really good grasp on how express yourself in the affect of your voice and facial expressions and stuff . do you feel like you've always been good at that . i've only relatively ... hold up , i've just looked up other books for sale on kindle and figured it would be best drop my list price . lol . wait 12 hours for the updated lower price ... if interested that is . i've deleted the videos because as of yesterday i have published my book on amazon kindle ! if anybody is interested here is the link to the amazon page with my book . kind of hot in a waitress sort of ... under skies were you referencing the batman ride at six flags great adventure in jersey ? i don't know if other six flags have the same rides . i've been to 2 different six flags and they had different ... were you referencing the batman ride at six flags great adventure in jersey ? i don't know if other six flags have the same rides . i've been to 2 different six flags and they had different rides . is a person's soul / essence independent from their brain matter , brain chemistry , genes , and life circumstances ( abuse / bullying / socioeconomic background etc . ) ? when you make the value judgement that ... you know what i've found , we're supposed to learn from our mistakes but it seems sometimes that i never do . haha . maybe we just need to pay attention more when we have these learning experiences . any examples ? can you go into a little more detail about such a conversation that you had recently ? i frequently find myself in social situations where i want to have a nice / interesting / fun conversation but i can't think of anything that both i and the other person want to talk about . in your most ... i'd love for a girl to tell me the time ;) chika chika yeah ! 56661 what about your relationships don't you enjoy ? i'm not sure becoming an estj is the answer . i think really the best anyone can do to build meaningful relationships is to genuinely care for those ... what about your current social life are you not satisfied with and deem unhealthy ? why do you want to be an estp and why do you think everyone wants you to be one ? i'm jealous of people who can say that they have no regrets in life and that they wouldn't want to change a thing about their life . i often think about wanting to go back in time for second chances ... i am conscious of the idea that no individual is really better or more important than anybody else and believe that that is the best way to be but i can't help thinking sometimes that i'm smarter , ... i was talking about old shows i liked with an isfj friend and she said she couldn't watch wonder years because of the narration . she said i want to think of stuff and gather my own thoughts on a ... i think that could be cool . that's sort of what we're already doing with all of the other threads on the infp subforum :) what are the other four of your top 5 favorite movies ? do you find that when you read the book after the movie , it kind of takes away from the character development experience you would get had you not watched the movie ? i'm reading silver linings ... '