' well thanks for all of your responses ! i thought i replied to some of these posts a couple of days ago but for some reason i don't see my reply anymore ? it's not so much a grudge as he scares me , ... how does it make you feel when others blatantly ignore you ? it's kind of complicated but for the last seven or so months i have been ignoring / avoiding this enfp who basically hurt my feelings a ... hmm ... i don't think i'm exactly either . unfortunately i'm more like the stay out of the way and don't really interact unless absolutely necessary one ... i don't try to be mean about it , it's just ... oh , you're right . , sorry . for some reason i thought i saw an s ... but either way , my original advice is still the same . christianity . i find it really hard to appreciate any one person's philosophy . i always have to wonder what it is that's so special about any of the supposedly great philosophers . ( both dead and alive ) what ... you're an estj so it's not surprising that this is your reaction to her ( and there's nothing really wrong with it , it's true that people who are too pushy about feelings right off the bat are pretty ... a lot of times the things that really bother me are things that other people don't have a problem with or are at least capable of accepting . i am very aware of this , so most of the time i try to just ... you don't have to be helpful , i was just curious about what everybody had to say . :) i never said that i had that problem , no enfp has ever managed to flirt with me anyway . all i really wanted to do was vent , but i think i'm done with this too ; that sucked . okay , well , what i should've put was , it has no meaning to me . but if enfps are aware that it's perceived that way , why do some enfps still do it ? that's what's annoying about it to me ... because i'm the one who has actually met this girl ? duly noted . you're taking it personally even though i never used that word in relation to you specifically ? it's really not like i ever ... the way i see it , fakeness and emotional manipulation go hand in hand , and like i said before , enfps can be manipulative . maybe you have a different concept of what it is to be fake . i'm an infj ... i'm sure some of you don't , but that's not what i understand from a lot of other stuff i've seen in the enfp forum ... i don't know , some of you guys seem cool , but most of you kind of scare me . ... is this for non-enfps too ? because i have been wanting to vent about some enfps i know for like , weeks now i know these aren't true in all cases but ... usually , enfps tend to give me this ... the crazy good luck is something i've noticed too . he can do a lot of kinda stupid / dangerous things on a regular basis , but somehow nothing bad ever happens to him . ( ... whereas i've noticed that ... hahaha this thread has two stars ... :D i guess i'm just curious if it's a really extreme manifestation of p ( in the sense of you guys putting off things that you need to do . ) my isfp friend's ... we can only love in proportion to our capacity for independence . obviously there are a lot of details you're not telling us about this situation , but if they weren't crucial enough for you to write ... one of my best friends is isfp and he has this uncanny ability sleep about three to four hours every night and still be really awake and chipper all the time , without drinking coffee or anything . he ... i'll be really honest , this guy sounds like such a creep it literally makes me feel sick ... please ... cut him off . don't talk to him anymore . he's leading you on , he's messing with your head , and ... those are just the defects that i've noticed in most infjs . i think all infjs have been guilty of those at some point or another , it just comes with how we live and think . they are things a see in ... the first things i think of when i think infj is : kind of pretentious , socially awkward , really dogmatic , superiority complex masked by false modesty , and an unfortunate tendency to frequently do and ... haha , no , i wish ; it's a sketch by the austrian expressionist painter egon schiele . mannn ... are all nfs like this ? sometimes i seriously wonder if i'm an infj because more often than not i can't relate to the other infjs on here . your statement is kind of vague but from the way ... love is the willingness to sacrifice something you want for the sake of someone else , and require nothing in return . so the opposite of love is not necessarily hate or indifference , but more like the ... he sounds to me like a ) he's full of it , and b ) he's not functioning properly . i have definitely witnessed instances of what's interpreted as estj flirtatiousness , but it's usually just them trying ... :) i think it's because a self-aware estj realizes that they really don't know everything ... and so , if they care , they will actually put more effort into understanding a person than an intuitive ... i choose estjs and estps just as a general rule ; estxs are awesome when they have morals . i automatically feel comfortable with them and for some reason they seem to really get me as a person , even ... i'm also a 17 - year-old infj ... i don't really talk to many of the people at my school , i basically just stick to my nine or ten favorites and don't usually hold conversations with anyone else ... it doesn't really apply anymore but i could never do that ! i know this might be kind of a hypocritical question but i'm just wondering , do enfps have a lot of trouble being vulnerable ? in those ... today i walked up to him fully intending to quickly and calmly say something like , hey , i know you propbably already know this , but i've really liked you from a while , bye , then walk away , and ... ... wait , who's doing the game playing ? me or him ? it's okay , it's true . i can't believe i may have actually misjudged him . somehow i do . the next time i see him i'll tell him and walk ... aw , tridentus , thank you for sticking with me all this time . your reaction is the opposite of what i was expecting ... i'm not gonna lie , i feel really annoying right now . so i know i said i was ... okay , look , never mind , i'll just tell you when i've told him . i'm sorry for complaining so much . i'll try to forget all my apprehensions and do what a need to do . uh ... yeah , i'm really sorry i managed to make the last post so long . i end up writing exactly what i was thinking when i was narrating it in my head . i won't let it happen i again . D: it's too ... sorry i write so many details ... you wanted updates and i don't know how to leave any of them out . the day after they decided they were going to start giving me rides home he had a new haircut , ... i'm sorry . :( i promise i'm not this neurotic on the outside . but the more emotionally invested i am in something , the more perfectionistic i will become about it , and it seems like i keep on ... me too ! as a toddler whenever someone would try to help me my favorite thing to say was always , i do it myself . i would get really indignant . :) i hadn't heard of it , but i'm watching it right now and so far i like it . :) thanks ! tekkonkinkreet . closest i've ever seen to a perfect movie . ( everyone is special , so it's no surprise that all different types are posting that they feel rare . ) this . i probably wouldn't use the word rare ; i would use alone . i feel like i'm ... i was a quiet , focused baby . i didn't cry very much when i was born , and i was the only child that never gave my mom morning sickness . nobody remembers my first word ( s . ) i don't think my family ... nooo , oh i feel like such an idiot . :( i admit i would be something like mortified too ... but i am always blunt with my friends , basically i'm just a pretty blunt person , if it were any of my ... i live by a few pretty strict morals ( i don't believe in sex outside of marriage , i'm not going to drink alcohol even when i'm of legal age , i'm very non-confrontational , etc . ) and my innocent ... i tend to think of my extraverted feeler friends as my flaky friends because there are times ( a lot of the time ) when their interest in me seems very conditional . ( one of them is an esfj , and ... yeah , i really wish i had done this instead of getting my hopes up . :/ unfortunately it is kind of common knowledge among the people who know anything about me that i don't like to be touched ... he was inaccessible during school all friday and he didn't come to the movie . ( i guess i don't know is enfp for probably not . ) at first i was really disappointed but became a lot more okay with ... ... i think i want to know that when they are being enthusiastic , they are saying only what they mean , and i want to know that they are being enthusiastic because they feel enthusiastic about the ... so i might've made a really hasty mistake here . on facebook , i have the language set to pirate , just to keep things interesting . for people who aren't familiar with facebook , it just means that all ... usually the acquaintances will be the ones greeting me , but i see what you mean , because i don't usually initiate ... well , that sucks . :( i'm sorry for the last four months , wtf is wrong with me . ... '