' getting laid off definitely did it . besides that , i can't remember the last time i cried . i am known to cry if i am extremely angry , though ( but this is also as rare as crying ) . intj lurker here ( of course i'm lurking enfp forums : happy :) the same intense connection sure exists between me and an enfp male . in fact , the first time around we weren't even ready for the ... i definitely experience this , but the extremity of it has varied throughout my life . as a kid , it was horrible - primarily because parental / teacher authority is nothing more than do what i say ... intj lurker . i'm not sure what to offer you as concrete advice to fix this , but i have the same problem . i've been called a know-it-all , strong willed and , on those rare nice occasions , ... there is certainly a difference between living somewhere and traveling there ( or worse yet , just relying on an overall impression of a place without ever actually visiting ) . i've been lucky to ... when words of encouragement mean nothing ( eg : you'll do great ! i believe in you ! ) and you'd rather hear practical , rational advice as to how to kick ass at whatever you're about to do ( job ... 1 . argentina 2 . italy 3 . france 4 . colombia 5 . spain 6 . brazil 7 . germany 8 . peru 9 . bolivia 10 . chile it's extremely hard to say because reliable sources do not use mbti as a true measure of personality . and i'm not sure any reliable sources have done extensive research on this with a large enough ... your relationship with your intj sounds like could be going great places , congrats ! i am dating my first enfp and i can say i am very satisfied so far . unlike almost all the pairings i've read ... my first college class that i went to had a total of 715 students . that was more than 5 times the size of my high school - talk about overwhelming as a freshman ! i certainly would in a heartbeat if all of my family wasn't against it and there wasn't a strong financial consequence . i still might , but ... that's a decision i'll have to make . you're on to ... refreshed , sure . although , i doubt it will cure my wanderlust / make me feel satisfied . i'm worried it will do just the opposite - make me dream of living / work abroad whilst i sit in my depressing cube ... well , my finances are a lot better off than the average recent graduate . but i do want to be responsible with my money too . what do you mean by getting a job asap ? getting a job with benefits / job ... do most nt's think this way when it comes to dating and relationships ? i , for the life of me , can't think about love purely from an emotional standpoint . obviously it's never purely rational , but if ... the average person probably doesn't think it's a huge deal , but recruiters and hiring managers i'd imagine are judgmental about this . hence why they always are so big about explaining gaps in your ... right now my current obsession is teaching myself rioplatense spanish and lunfardo slang . it's a very specific dialect of spanish in argentina . can this be done in-between jobs later on as well without the resume gap counting against you ? and , how do you explain to dispassionate employers who work 9-5 everyday that you just had to leave ... here's some feedback , but i wouldn't say it's what you should use entirely for the application . given that i don't know you or your goals , i can't elaborate on any of the questions . good luck ! ... you gave absolutely no effort to that . give us your best bs'ed responses and then maybe we can give you more feedback . at first i chose my major because of a subject i was passionate about studying / liked , and then i picked a career field that i would like ( that required graduated school ) . then , my junior year of ... hmm . yeah , i was envisioning doing soul searching now or while job searching before jumping into anything . i could take a temp . or contract job though i suppose . finding it within a niche like this ... accidental duplicate post . these are really good pointers for job searching long-distance . would putting my willingness to relocate on the first line be better than the last ? if i put it first , i could risk employers throwing ... numbers 1 and 2 are really good pointers for job searching long-distance . would putting my willingness to relocate on the first line be better than the last ? if i put it first , i could risk employers ... there's a few jobs within your postings that are fitting , but i'm looking to work outside of academia in an applied setting . almost everything i've applied for has been within business or ... talking on the phone . i jump when my phone rings because i'm never mentally prepared to socialize nor to respond to the many potential directions the conversation could potentially take . ( i'm a ... so i should go about this soul-search before i even start creating my job search strategy ? i'm looking to go into business analytics and / or research . i already have a lot of research experience ... in that case , do the abroad program for sure while you're still in engineering . or , if you prefer , look into other program options . there are several out there . as for the engineering vs . psychology ... number 10 is one of my problems . i need to have experience before i'm able to even get any . other than that , the majority of those tips are common sense . i bolded some things to point out that you seem to know what you want , but you're afraid . i don't blame you , but it seems like you really do know what you want . based on what you've said , i were ... i'm hoping to get advice from those who have done long-distance job searching both domestically and internationally . i have read so much about the topic online and have my resume perfected ( including ... wait , no one has added to the list yet ? well let me be the first : happy : the person who doesn't say much , but when he / she speaks , he / she either says something downright hilarious or very ... good for you ! ! that's a tough thing to do and a hard situation to deal with , but time will make it easier ( i know that sounds cliche ) . working out and doing other hobbies is good . when you start ... this sounds identical to my last relationship ( or really , a limbo state that never evolved into more ); he was also intp . you said it yourself : it's all or nothing . your emotions will overwhelm you ... given your situation i would probably take the same approach . sometimes prioritizing other things before loans is necessary or beneficial . although , i do have to say that it feels really good when ... i think i'm going to try that out this week ! i've bought so many books on the dialect of spanish i'm interested in and it feels pretty limiting . i honestly wish i was still living there because then ... i've come to notice two main themes when it comes to giving advice about student loans . the first group will advice living like a student and doing everything to can to pay it off in full asap ... i do a lot more flirting via text and facebook than in person . if i like someone , i'll tease / flirt with him a lot via text . assuming the person i'm dating is receptive , i'll also start or get ... apparently i'm only responding to language-related threads today ... 1 . your mother tongue : english . and i fully understand how lucky this makes me in certain circumstances . 1.1 languages you can ... yo recientemente descubrí la palabra chepibe mientras estudiando lunfardo . es una palabra graciosa porque la origen de la palabra es de che y pibe - dos palabras muuuy estereotípico de los ... leadership strategic / strategy circle back touch base look into and any other jargon / bs rhetoric you here in the professional world , really . favorite subjects : courses on research , statistics , psychology , sociology . i also really liked the thinking involved in the physics course i took in university . least favorite : art , music , ... temporarily , sure . although , sometimes years pass you by quickly whilst living the 9-5 work-life . i've never stayed somewhere i truly didn't like for a long time . i tend to view all jobs as ... i apologize for my super late response , i just got very caught up with traveling and other things going on so i didn't make it online too much . i understand having a strong preference for a real ... entp men : are you a cuddly person ? even with someone you've been dating for a couple months . i've dated 2 entps before one was the least affectionate guy i'd ever met and the one i'm dating now is ... i wouldn't say i was confident in traveling alone before i did it for the first time . in fact , before i traveled alone , i wasn't really comfortable doing much of anything alone aside from grocery ... the last two men i've dated were entp's , and one of my best friends is an entp . in all of these relationships , we've just clicked on a mental level . i think we connect with the nt similarity , and ... hi there ! i'm a borderline intp / intj ( i've tested this way since i was about 12 ) . i was very avoidant of social interaction as a teen ; i didn't care about dating or even friendship outside of my best ... which one would you prefer ? also , what kind of travel-related topics / writings intrigue you the most ? it happens a lot to me , but i purposely don't give much effort so it's often times only awkward for them . '