' men using women avatars . not really know about here , but in other forums and from my experience usually men who using a female avatar and vice versa loves anime and japanese stuffs . i used to be ... lmao , so this is an infp trait ? i never know it . i still and always do this to any side dish that my mom served on the dinning table , usually my mom only cook side dish for lunch and use it again ... i always confuse with this . my zodiac is aries and from what i know aries is fire , but i born on march and birthstone for march is aquamarine . also in my country it's raining a lot on march . so , a ... ah yes , i heard this before , but i thought this will happens to everyone . i got this whenever i listen to a music that have a melody that i like . usually this often happened at the first time i ... infp here , playing a lot of genres , but now i prefer a games where have a high replay value and focus into the gameplay . for example games with roguelike element like cataclysm dark days ahead , a ... why suddenly i hear a police car siren ? : shocked : pretty rare . i miss my productivity a couple of years ago , or when i was still a stupid wapanese . now i usually only draw like one drawing per month and most of them are just a greyscale drawings . ... got a sore throat . although i'm not into writing and more into drawing , this thing also usually happened to me . whenever i got an art block i was like always never satisfied with anything that i draw , even it's still a ... i don't know about it , but i think yes a lot , of people that close to me ; for example some of my friends at school , usually called me with my name . for example they will say what caveisier doing ... i'm feeling dizzy . : confused : always feeling being the worst . i found that most of infp have an inferiority complex which is i really hate , and that's why sometimes i hate myself . from that 16personalities test , not sure if that is really accurate or not . but i tried the other places to test the personality and i got infp too . also , after i discovered my personality through ... quick skecth at the office . latest drawings , free sketch requests for my friends . ... please ignore the panda eyes . : shocked :: shocked :: shocked : ... yes i like the sims series and i just bought the bundle pack ( base game , generation , season and pets ) on winter sale . i hope the other series , especially the sims 2 complete edition , are on steam too ... depend on the type . i'm fine with a spider that looks like tarantula but not the one that looks like that house spider , i mean the one that has a small body but looong legs . i really want to be ... nichijou is still my most favourite anime . hungry if i'm not fall asleep , usually i sleep at 3 am and wake up at 6 ~ 7 am but more often at 6:30 am . if tomorrow is a holiday / no work , usually i sleep at 5 ~ 6 am and wake up at 10 ~ 12 am . tempeh bacem . it's a sweet marinated tempeh . i don't know , but i found that a lot of people told me about their personal problem or even their secret and i never ask them about it . i didn't give them any solution and i just listen to what they ... ... i don't have any newest photo , so yea both are old photo . moist ( 2015 ) . this was me after taking a shower , note the towel on my shoulder . dry , lmao ( 2013 ) ... right now , my favourites are junji itou's manga and the strongest man kurosawa . junji itou's works are not creepy but i love how he draw a weird and disgusting things . the other one is the ... so , is this thread for something like free chit chat or something ? : confused 3 : ... i never interested in car especially with traffic condition in my country , you will see a lot of cars around here and cause the traffic jammed and it looks like people in my country now is too ... ah ! lately i got a new friend which i got when i was searching for infp topic over the internet . she's really nice , and we have a lot of similiarities which really surprised us , not sure if just a ... hey , thanks for the watch . actually most of my drawings are in generic moe style which is pretty common everywhere , but lately i found that it looks like a lot of people more enjoyed my greyscale ... my main purpose made a facebook account are for chatting with my 3 online best friends on a group chat ( we were met on a online games forum before ) , and for playing facebook games ( but not anymore ) ... ^ thanks ! a new one .  facepalming myself because i just woke up from my afternoon sleep and missed a class due to oversleep . high school . failed at college before ( i was in information technology ) , but now i'm trying again in computer system . two of my latest drawings , it's digital . ... i watch some of them but not really into it but i don't dislike it . i prefer the old one like harry potter and the philosoper's stone . but this doesn't mean that i don't like fantasy , i think ... yes of course , i don't like makes people uneasy of me but usually i don't have any courage to ask them or that's just my paranoid that they don't like me . feeling tired and sleepy , started from yesterday . maybe because i drank a lot of milk lately . : laughing : usually i only answer them with smile or a little laugh , but i'm glad most of them see it as a positive things on me , like thinking that i'm a nice person , religious person etc . but most of that ... playing games while chatting and browsing . i did the personality test and got infp-t too . well , actually not really understand what turbulent means here since i'm pretty new in personality thing . and yeah i'm new too in this forum . : happy : nevermind . after read the whole thread , it looks i misunderstand the topic , lol . hi , thanks for the welcome . : happy : eerr ... not really sure what's pressese means , since google show me another language , but i think i got what you mean . thanks again . noodle for breakfast . hello there . : happy : hello everyone , new member here . nice to meet you all . :) actually i'm pretty new in this personality thing . i just tried the 16personalities test that i got from a friend last week , not that sure ... '