' have a scientific sampling on mbti ever been done ? do census of any country collect data on personality type ? nfs are the rarest type , st most abundant , regardless of gender . if liars admitted they are liars ... that would be a paradox , aint it ? i am not a ww2 expert , but moralism is relative . for a malicious nt , malice is moral . for a masochistic nf , masochism is ... people want to see you . they want to learn more about you . and i guess they like your style . ethanol i think the chart is incorrect . so large percentage of istj but estp so few ? also more enfp than estp ? can't be . estj and estp are the commonest types followed by istj and istp . and i ... how can i be sure ? lol . it's better to be full rather than being half full . i will be the captain . you will be the ship's counselor ! counselor troy ! <3 daydreaming never follows logic.that is why it is daydreaming . the types you daydream about sexually are the types i daydream about militarily / tactically . yes . big yes . because i am surrounded by people who are liars , cheats , masochists or sadists , hiding behind a veil of fake moralism . mbti is just a theory , use it any way you can . antipode you can't abuse an estj . they are abuse-proof . try it yourself . mystikro awesome said : rolling : thank you . reisiger hitler may have been cruel but he wasn't a hypocrite . this is the thing i find most admirable about him . he was just a cruel cruel madman . no control of his emotions . at least i am ... everyone has hatred . you are lying if you say you don't have hatred . also this post is entirely about seeing into your own self . read ' s post . warning : violent & hate content warning : parental guidance 18 + only a lot of people hate hitler . some say he was infj . i don't endorse him either . but if i had an army under my command , or a ... some fake infj was posting pictures of sports cars in these forums . so if you were given a choice , a sports car or a relativistic spacecraft , which would you choose and why ? of course the ferrari ... infjennifer i liked your ask any question to infj thread :-) infj natural habitat : where mind meets the heart . where intellect meets emotions . where emotions drive the intellect . in life , in love , in work , infj seek rich intellectual and emotional ... clumsy i am born 1985 . which gen do i belong to ? : whoa : deleted haha the op from 2010 is banned ! perc is like a zoo . so many species , with labels on their cage . indian soldiers doing yoga at the siachen glacier on june 21 ... was cleopatra infj ? incompatible . you are posting wrong facts . no theory is better or worse , but theory is theory . reality is different . what we have today is crony capitalism . that is why one man drives sports cars and one man in ... marv marvin made the best point in this thread . the flaw is in our species . actually we are 16 different subspecies , not just one . enfjs do more socializing , more volunteering , post more videos than infj do . gilly infj are a bit shy in that respect . but some of them are great artists and some have great writing skills ... vunar tell me where you get this illustrations from ? they are pretty accurate . that skill illustration is amazing . happy about nothing . every person on earth , if they are unaware of personality theory , assume that all humans are same as them . your mother assumes you are similar to her . explain the ... what type is your mom ? i can't swim :( who took this photo ? awesome smile : love_heart : enfj use the fe more than the ni . infj use the ni more than the fe . coconut plaza . count the number of coconut trees in this photo . all the greenery you see is maintained by a single unmarried guy who lives in that small hut . zoom the picture and you will see a ... good work shia . your bunnies are cute  i want to show an esfj the world she cannot see . the surreal world . the world that's hidden . the future that's coming . my aunt wakes up early 6am and gpes to bed by 11pm at night . she has breakfast ready by 6:30 am thanks for the mention :) you look macho in those vest .. hahaha .. and i like your watch . i also notice a shelf , high on the wall ! but the light source is reflecting off the photo frame into ... gilly this is the first time i am watching you in video . i found 2 vids in your channel , this one and another for nonenfjs . you are so amazingly beautiful . for the first 15 minutes i kept looking ... ti tells me to care about my own ass first before everything else . ti tells me that my somatic gratification is the most important thing in the entire universe ! fortunately , my ti on most occasion ... i function better under stress . zero stress feels strange and scary for me . you are setting too high standards for yourself . it is important to understand that all people may not value that standard . nichya your views on this post ? if i love an infp , i will ask her what makes her feel good . will that work ? gilly the only people who play better football than messi ( istp ) are his money managers . they channeled his wealth into illegal investments without a hint . guess they are intj ! ! ! lol love not important to you ? then what is ? love may be symbolised by a triangle . the first angle is , love never begs , never asks for anything ; the second , love knows no fear ; the third and the apex , love for love's sake - vivekananda i wish i was a pick up artist .. : octopus : '