' narcissistic thank you for taking the time to make that for me ! :D i feel so dumb for never noticing it lol earthious wow i can't believe i missed that section under edit signature . thanks for taking the time to respond , you're awesome :) hey guys , i would really appreciate it if someone would be super awesome and lemme know how to do this ? thank you ! ! :) i wish i could just * be * instead of taking uppers to wake me up from the downers and downers to take the edge off the uppers and then uppers to wake me up etc . etc . i wish i just had a bottle of ... mimesis thanks ! ! :D i would never try to squeeze my life into that kind of framework . well , i guess i can't say never because i've got a very oneish side . i guess if i noticed my life was divvied up in a way that ... my dreams are really vivid and usually really stressful . like last night part of a dream was that i was a child , and two other children and i were forced to hang ourselves in my dining room doorway ... that's interesting you said jessa is a 7w8 because 7s are the only people who i don't understand , or rather , can't identify in person . maybe i just don't know enough 7s . but i was like hmm maybe ... i started watching girls yesterday and finished the whole first season , and i thought hannah seemed exactly like my friend who i've typed as 6 , and marnie was such a 1 . any fans with ideas about the ... depending on the situation and the people i'm with , i'll put on a happy face to hide my sadness . this is really true of me . if you see me get even a little angry or passive aggressive with ... when it's nice out , i go for walks around the city , maybe for two hours . it's the closest to exercise that i get , and it hurts my feet ( i should really wear orthotics ) but the walk is worth it ... off the top of my head i can think of procrastination and avoidance , bingeing on sweets , and prescription pills procrastination and avoidance make me feel stressed about what i'm not getting done ... double post . i'm pretty sure that i'm so / sx , and like someone else said , i think i'm bad at taking care of adult responsibilities - granted , i'm still in my last year of undergrad , so i'm arguably not a real ... i met my current boyfriend because i bought weed from him a few times three years ago . then we started texting , i told him all about this weird sci-fi book i was reading , and somehow that made him ... society6.com for tons of cool artwork i don't really use any social media , but i need to update my linkedin . i guess i accept linkedin requests when i get emails . occasionally , i log into facebook to rsvp for a party when i've been ... if she has an issue with stealing , then that could explain her taking your fruit home with her . then again , it could have just been intelligence and carelessness - planes really don't allow fruit , ... i don't believe that there's a purpose to life . i think that we're just here because of some combining of cells and whatever else they taught us in school that i forget . i think we're too pompous ... i'm sp-middle , but i do this , too , except that once i let myself fall asleep , i want to sleep forever . i think it's partially attributable to the go ! go ! go ! society that we live in . we're shaped ... idk i'm infp , and physical torture seems worse for sure . i've dealt with pretty intense psychological pain , so as much as it sucks , i can withstand a lot , but i can't even imagine what the most ... when i was a teenager i felt a lot more misunderstood . people couldn't understand my impulsive actions and sweeping mood swings , but i think that's mostly because i didn't understand them and thus , ... it's so weird , i've never been able to imagine dating an enfj . it's actually always seems like it would be the most unpleasant relationship ! i think maybe it's because i grew up in a household ... one of my old best friends is a 6 , and she's totally like what you described . i would never consider anxiety to be my best friend , as it's always taxing on me , but when i'm healthy-ish , it ... hmm i guess i'd choose my best friend from school because she likes exploring weird things and she's been to more strange lands than i have . if you were granted the ability to go back in time and ... 4w5 hell no ! what do you want done to your body when you die ? i'm typically a happy , funny , and energetic drunk , and i usually jump at the chance to do anything that seems like it'll be some kind of adventure . but then there's the drunk me that , in the middle ... i've been really close with a number of 2s , and i would add placing a lot of importance on their strong values . and then a strong unwillingness to admit to themselves / others when they've violated ... it's definitely possible . i think we can always go upwards , even though when you're low it often feels hopeless . that being said , i don't think you can do it on your own . if you're having ... i think you can just take the symbol at face value - to me , it just shows the directions of integration and disintegration . i've gotten into the enneagram without considering it from any type of ... 2w3 , 1w2 , 4w3 , 9w1 - i guess this sorta makes sense since my tri-type is 459 :) 2w3 - she's just a great person . really , genuinely kindhearted . concerned about the welfare of others , open-minded , ... just tell other people the truth - that you moved recently and don't know of any parties or gatherings , so you decided to spend a quiet night in . there's new year's eve every year , so people should ... i'm a little lost right now as far as moral values go ... i used to feel full certainty in my clear-cut morals , but i've compromised them so much that i question whether i ... have morals almost . it's ... thanks for your response , it helps a lot . i'm a psychology major - used to want to be a clinical psychologist to mainly adolescents or to girls and boys with eating disorders but realized that's too ... do you feel like you're supposed to make an impact on the world ? i'm one semester away from graduation ( undergrad ) , and though i know it's typical to be concerned about which path to head down , it's ... i don't know if i can actually feel what others are feeling , but i often automatically vividly imagine how they're feeling to the point that i feel that presumption . it's really annoying when it's ... i don't see why it would be an odd pairing . i've off and on had ocd symptoms ( but not full blown ocd ) since i was in elementary school . same with my infp best friend . ^ ^ this made me think of my 1w2 sister . amputated from humanity on some lifelong intellectual retreat everything is conceptual and all is rhetorical you can feel so powerful when you're ... yours is the simplest , but for some reason is the most beautiful to me . i really like your collage , especially all the quotes :) it's weird , sevens are the one enneagram type that i just can't wrap my mind around , and i don't know why ! ! my movie choices probably make my type obvious : the turning point every little step ... i thought sp because there's a lot of focus on going for what you want , and i feel like self-pres 4s are the most likely to not let their feelings hinder them and hold them back . i feel like they're ... out of curiosity , are you sp ? also , i feel like i see a lot of your inner 1 in your collage . :) ps the reason i quoted nothing is bc that silly mention thing doesn't work on my comp . i'm so cool that i have enough time on my hands to make a second collage and post it on my own thread ... actually , though , it's just fun . yeah , i get that . somehow with all the pictures i put on mine , it seems completely incomplete . really ? nice :) you should post one if you get the time ! idk if anyone else will post haha , but here's mine ... i got this idea from a video i watched on youtube ( don't remember which one ) . i thought it would be cool to see what different personalities put on collages ( made on the computer , not expecting ... i think any type can have musical talent . my sister is an enfj , and she's one of the most musical people i've seen dance . i live next to one of the best music colleges in the country , and i ... for a short period when i was 15 , i had a fantasy that when i got out of high school i would change my name , cut my hair short and dye it , become deathly skinny , get plastic surgery , and move ... '