' i try to avoid drinking coffee because it makes me look like a zombie since it don't really helps me to sleep .. i prefer drinking tea , the whiter the better . and it has so much tea and different ... depends of what i'm playing i really enjoy being sneaky like rogues or mages : ninja :: ninja : no one can even hear me i'm the evil but i also play wise guys , i'm a loyal ; ;) monk in paper rpg because i'm not a 100 % sure having a full knowledge about everything i can see , i avoid trusting deeply about what society and people tells me , so i feel like i always done everything that anyone ... i always have to wait at least an hour in my bed to fall asleep , if i have to wait more than 3 hours i generally go out running , then i eat and i can get some sleep ( i do it ~ 5 % of the time , i'm also ... entp girls and intp boys are related to a certain degree about not getting laid unlike entp boys or intp girls or maybe just the remaining of the universe i think i'll never be independant my mind state , the progression of my thoughts are the only thing that seems real to me . i have no conscious idea about what the real world actually is . it seems ... i think it would work , depending on the book also but i think it's a good way to introduce oneself ! some people call me smiley ! i smile a lot , it's sometimes hard to control so i decide not to care and just smile :) this flaw is sometimes useful to hide social avoidance , it gaves me energy to ... you're an horrible liar i think we intps are used to it , even if it's not that practicle to fall asleep i generally don't see my thinking process as an enumeration of what if but i feel it more like an infinite scenario ... stop daydreaming ! ! i can't think when i'm stressed . i saw that we intps act like entj when stressed , i can't think beacause i'm always very focused on what appears first in my mind , and i act direclty after is this ... i remember me when i was much younger when i thought about love . it was really like it was something that i couldn't be in touch with , like if i hadn't the language , the abilities to understand ... mostly introverted friends some are intps , talking to other intps is very easy and warming but the conversations we have excites me less than with the other types an entp who is sometimes much more ... it's like i never want to remember it but each time i get my stuff done i always get happier :) this year i dont want to be lazy about game of thrones and watching the 4th season instead of reading the books the barriers that sometimes blocks your true self in your interaction in the real world are always irrational when your think about them in a new way of thinking . life is full of secrets , everything ... when you sometimes feel trapped into your own enigmas and can't do anything concrete except thinking about finding the real keys when they stop being in their head for a while i guess , otherwise they couldn't do it :p ancient this anytime calm down , you're young and your life won't fly away ! you seem to be an anxious person , you may be too hard on yourself . if you feel lost , that nothing keeps you on the earth ground , think about ... in a debate , do you prefer to show why your argument is the truth or show how it could / couldn't be a valid argument entj's are rather looking for winning an argument than entp's ask her questions if you want to comfort her , but don't be too intrusive , it could be a wrong field we ask ourselves a lot , and it makes us feel considered and for my self , less akward , plus both of ... yap she also dumped me yesterday i saw this coming , i started this thread because of that , but she wasn't who i expected to be so yeah , related to mbti , ti and fi makes a huge emotional barrier , ... 87829 i like to have someone in my mind that looks like me ( not a real dexter but ... ) , i always wonder what he could have said / reacted to somthing in my life if he was me ! the main human's flaws are fear and frustration , without them you may touch freedom and hapiness , but those one are only reachable if you were fearful and / or frustrated about something . this society ... i won't date any other fi dom again no , i won't ! ok ... i will , but just in order to keep my heart alive until i find someone who really suits me , and not another girl who will dump me for no reason ... i already knew that she was an isfp before the beginning of the relationship , i saw a lot of point of views about why this pairing is not healthy , but i feel more than just letters or ... hi ! i'm dating an isfp girl since a few weeks , i really appreciate her , everything is always alright and sweet when i'm whith her but i'm really fearful about the fact that she could'nt love me ( or ... my mom thought that i took drugs when i was 11 , people always tell me that i'm slow . it's true that i'm sometimes very tired but i don't really need to move , i prefer talking and watching and ... maybe that in class , they take their subject more as a job than a way to learn new things and think about the good questions asked to the him ( if he really love his subject ) i shouldn't accept the fact that the world won't be as perfect as i imagine it to be 65032 ... i'm never hungry when i wake up . however , i force myself to eat tons of everything that is in my fridge because belly is always angry when he's not full , he's really vicious because he ...  hahahahaha ! ! ! i only read my type's description and don't post anything if you mean deeper understanding by a logical way , then yeah , intp's ti function is useful to determine what could be wrong in an idea by analysing it from every possible sides . however , we can't ... no in first , i generally imagine all the possible ways to say goodbye when i have to do it , so i always end up smiling thinking about something funny that i could have said to him and just saying ... i'm generally upset by people who can't think by themselves , but i'm never annoyed by a question which concern the whole problem of something try to relate the shape of your question with the person ... obviously it depends of the person but i think that i might prefer to spend more time with an infj than an enfj , mostly because fe dom types tend to forget to let me breath in the case of a private ... people who are talking about a subject who has already been narrowly analyzed for a long time in my head . like no , you guys are just interrupting my actual thinking with your trivial conversation , ... h . u . g . s j'aimerais tellement que tout le forum soit écrit en français , les pavés écrits en anglais me sont inbuvables , pourtant y'en a de tres interessants ! sinon on pourrait regrouper tout les francais ici ... personnaly , when i smoke i feel like my imagination is over stimulated , like if i was a ne dominant and then , 1hour after the smoke i'm in deep thinking . weed isn't a hard drug so i think that for ... '