intp , ravenclaw , not a huge surprise . welcome , welcome . 5w6 or 7w6 depending on the day , apparently . intp or entp depending on the mood , ravenclaw dogwood dragon 12.5 inches hard i loved arrested development , it was just so ridiculous . my current favorites are game of thrones , the walking dead , and it's always sunny in philadelphia . i feel a definite pirate vs . ninja vibe here . i like it . as long as i can do the robot . it's one of the few dances i'm good at ! : laughing : also , i don't scare easily , so bring it on lady ! i am confused by this thread . that is all . the books are totally worth reading ! the show is great though . hello infjs , i have ventured far from my normal haunt on the intp forum to come visit some cool people . are there cool people here ? i hear you guys give out free hugs . : cool : 35074 most recent picture minus my winter beard ! infp mom istp dad as far as i can tell at least . i mean , i guess i could watch it and see what all the fuss is about ... am i the only person on here that hasn't watched death note ? : laughing : anyway ... sousuke from full metal panic al from full metal alchemist butters from south park shaggy from scooby doo ! urd ... it's entirely possible i'm a nerd . just sayin ' . i recently shaved off my monstrously awesome beard . i live in the mountains , and i only wear it when it's cold . summer's on the way , so beard is gone now ! i'm not good at smiling for no reason . i do generally have a smirk on my face though , since the world is a terribly funny joke . that doesn't seem pleasant at all . my brain is it's own soap opera , the board should have one too ! i have fun with all animals ! haven't found a dog or cat that hasn't liked me yet . volunteering at the animal shelter is fun : 3 well , if by calling me a nerd you mean that i'm super-intelligent ? thanks for the compliment ! i also feel gratitude for bacon ! also for the ability to think logically . the ability to read too . welcome to the land of ne'erdowells and nogoodniks ! hello hello ! good to see a new face on the forum . :D it's posts like this that make me love infjs . : o i'm typically drawn to girls with dark hair or red hair . : 3 sometimes i have horrible insomnia and other times i can sleep any time i lie down , i haven't been able to get a handle on what causes it for me though . last time i totally bawled was when we had to put my cat to sleep . doesn't happen all the often . why do people feel the need to engage in small talk ? i feel much more comfortable in silence unless there's something important to say . stupid society and it's norms . i got a 60 . > . > i probably could have worked on it longer , but i got fed up . i was early by a couple weeks , but i picked on time , since it's more or less on time . i was a big baby . : 3 the assassin mage 27 % strength , 25 % bloodlust , 42 % intelligence , 33 % spirit , 25 % vitality and 37 % agility ! ... welcome to the insanity that is the intp board ! nice to have another lady around , haha . i wanna see more t-dog lines next season or i'll start a revolution ! dave grohl all the band members of rush beethoven stephen king's it still creeps me out to this day , even though it's been years since i first saw it . evil clowns man , too much . xd it's hard to think of a movie that honestly scared me , most ... fairly certain my mom is an infp , but not 100 % sure . intj i think . i've heard arguments that shawn is an entp with an overdeveloped se in comparison to other entps . i've also heard that henry is estj . i'm chewing gum ! 9w1 7w6 2w3 listening to the white stripes and pretty much nothing . i wish i had something to do though , lol . prom , i think you need to slow your coffee roll ! clam down lots of rope a knife flint bear grylls for survivor skills chuck norris for killing animals for food gilligan for comic relief yeah , i bet i would . this thread makes me feel like a manwhore sometimes . : laughing : sure : wink : quite possibly . i got infp , woo ? 