' how to become a hacker ? :) thank you for the insights on the benefits of learning those languages . i'm really still in the beginning stages of immersing myself in learning again . i just finished ... i started studying again for the first time in over a decade . i decided i wanted to acquire a skillset in computer programming to give myself some real opportunities in the workforce . in the ... after you moved your rook to a5 , the position is not easy to win . i was saying if you had captured the knight on c3 with your queen ( or bishop ) on move 17 , you would have been winning by a lot . ... 17 ... qxc 3 was the best move here . it would have forced a queen swap , since the black queen forks the bishop on a3 and the white queen on d3 . after the queens are gone , you are up a full piece , even ... embracing change is essential to growing and moving forward in life . if you don't get what you want , you suffer ; if you get what you don't want , you suffer ; even when you get exactly what ... i'm going through such a chaotic and confusing time in my life right now . i'm trying my very best to undo some toxic patterns that have plagued me for many , many years . i just feel helpless ... nice to see you brownpanda . i'm sorry i didn't post in your second thread , but i felt i didn't have anything to add when it comes to leadership . i've never lead anyone in my life ! i've changed ... drum & bass ( i think ? )  sunday for most of my life , i've been told i look sad , upset , or troubled , when i'm really feeling just fine . if i don't smile , i guess i give off that vibe . my whole face lights up when i'm actually ... sneeze my first language is english , but i also speak and understand french perfectly . it's kind of mandatory in quebec to be able to communicate in both languages . i learned it in elementary school ... haha ... ok , it's times like this that i get really scared that i live so close to the american border ( 1.5 hour drive from vermont ) . sure , i don't live in the usa , but i'm terrified at the idea of ... failure . umbrella my upper back is hurting me pretty badly right now , and it's freaking me out a bit . this last saturday , i decided to take the plunge and start the process of quitting smoking . i didn't expect there ... riven click on the username above his avatar , and then click view blog entries . it's actually a very interesting read , well done stelliferous sometimes , i feel like i'm not relating to people properly . when i want to console someone or offer advice , i subconsciously ( or sometimes , consciously ) imagine that i am the other person who i am ... oh dear leictreon , a lot of what you wrote are the very things i am struggling with right now in my life . it's probably a good thing that you're thinking things over now at your age , because when i ... in all seriousness , i'm superstitious about a lot of things . for example , it really bugs me that the staircase in my house has exactly 13 steps . ... i need to quit smoking cigarettes . i want to quit smoking cigarettes . i'm finding it difficult to bring myself to draw a line in the sand and say : enough is enough , i'm doing this . it's been on ... ok , i completely forgot this song existed . when i was a teenager , i had a mix tape of songs i recorded off the radio with this song on it . i remember listening to this on a loop when i went on a ...  2:57 - 3:32 < - - :) i love being an infp . i really hate standing out in a crowd , but the fact that i'm so different from everyone else makes me do just that . individualistic / idealist ? fine , that's me . so ... random songs that i liked from various mixes :   i haven't spoken to my mother since she got re-married . i don't even remember the year it happened , but it was somewhere around 2004-5 . i actually got into a fight with her a few months beforehand , ... yellow . subtle and pure , enigmatic and humble like golden rays of sunlight , the source of all life , the essence of innocence , or peace and love in all living things . yellow is surrender ... i'm feeling overly optimistic today , so much so that i feel like i can accomplish anything i put my mind to . therein lies the problem : i want to do everything , and yet i'm having a hard time ... solemn oath love eschew minute ( mai-knute ) neophyte opulent arcane temperance hope made me think of this song again . i guess karleken means love in swedish . meditation has changed me a lot in the last little while . it's been three weeks now , and here are the differences that i've noticed : i'm much calmer overall . when i speak to people , i'm much ... a few days ago , i discovered some of the most amazing and original music i've ever heard on youtube . i randomly saw a composer called adrian von ziegler in my recommended videos , and after ... when someone becomes angry with me , i tend to become incredibly docile and apologetic towards them . i suppose i also respond with fear , to an extent . it takes some pretty extreme anger directed ... lol ! :p it's difficult to put into words for me , but i'll try . to me , beauty is anything that makes me think and feel something strongly ; to realize that there might be more underneath the surface . i ... i'm feeling upset with myself today , moreso than i have been in several weeks . i had a bad bout of endless ruminating thoughts last night when i went to bed - i couldn't sleep for 3-4 hours . i just ... brownpanda while i've never been responsible for leading a group of people in my career , i can definitely understand how that would be rough for you , because i am 100 % sure i would have difficulty ... hi , i'm not familiar enough with cognitive functions to accurately assess your type , but i'll give some of my opinions in brief . have you taken the socionics , enneagram , and cognitive functions ... '