' i submitted my thesis on tuesday , and it's such a load off of my back . in soviet russia , hassel hoffs you !  there were two people busking with a piano and a trumpet . it was quite surreal when they played hallelujah , and the storm clouds began approaching . here's a video posted on the city portal fb ... here are the official estimates for the 2017 election : ...  to myself 5 years ago : 1 . don't get back with that person you broke up with . 2 . things will look up , just grit your teeth . to me in 5 years : 1.just keep the grinding . i wasn't expecting to enjoy watching people unbox military rations , but i'm transfixed . i find it therapeutic . i guess it depends on what you end up doing in the military , if you choose it as a career . my dad was a career military man , ( but not an intp ) , and he worked in logistics / procurement . so it wasn't ... i'll take vantablack , please . because the image is too big , and i'm trying to be nice and stuff :  the background reminds me of my trapper keeper , which must be somewhere back home .   this video might not be sfw , just so you know :  my early childhood was okay , but the later years were ... difficult . german efficiency is a fecking lie . watching this :  toast with butter + sea salt + chives on top . i want my advisor to get back to me , so i can correct / submit my thesis . :/ i'd dance if i hadn't danced already . happy birthday pif ! i also baked a cake , but i ate it . braingasmic . i've reunited with retrowave . <3 you get mexico to pay for it . * ba dum tss *  i'm currently annoyed at the neo-nazi and antifa marches , as i have to stay home to avoid being caught in the crossfire of people throwing eggs . also annoyed at a student , whom i tutor for english , ... this test is wrong , pizza is not counted as a language of love . neither are italian , spanish , or french , for that matter . anyway , this flawed test claims that this is how i show affection , other ... well-versed in the game of cards . not listed in the poll , but my driving force is the desire for knowledge . yeah , well , good-but-meh news : i will be co-tutoring an experiment polymer physics lab for the grad students in the 2nd semester . i feel a bit overwhelmed , because i have to explain them ... stuff , ... a phd in my field , and / or a job in my field . all black , at least 85 % of the time . the rest are for jewel toned colors . dayum , gurl . xd ethanol can be obtained by reacting ethylene with water , so there is that . :D with the amount of coffee i ingest , we'd be there for awhile . :D  intp single people survey i'm skipping to the important bit , as i'm feeling lazy : 20 . if you get married and live happily ever after as a result of this survey , would you consider naming your ... '