' ava 82 , i want to thank you deeply . i have received many good responses from infjs on this forum , but this one was by far the most humble . i appreciate this . may i ask you more details about what ... i promised her that i would not contact her at all for three weeks . that's why i rejected your advice . i still appreciate it , regardless . although it's very painful to admit because i truly don't want to lose this woman , my intuition is telling me that the above statements are the most accurate in regard to this situation . it hurts , it ... i appreciate the contrast of your advice . nevertheless , i think this would be very wrong . it would show that i can't give her space . she has expressed that it's not romance that she wants , she ... she did end the relationship . we are on a three week break / rethink period only because i requested it after she broke it off . i want to do anything i can . i am a fighter , i don't give up . but i ... your advice is passionate and fills me with me hope . it's uplifting . but there is little that is worse than false hope . you say fight for her . but how ? i want to , i want to do anything i can , but i ... what did she do that broke your trust ? i really appreciate your caring words . you could not be anymore right than what you say about health . i see . just to make it clear : what broke her trust was that i would often show up at her house unannounced during stressful situations . i invaded her personal space . i do believe she still has ... [ quote = kozokana ; 3032766 ] if it was something major , that really upset me i would probably wait a while before trying to rekindle things , if ever . quote ] do you think you could pin-point what the ... thank you , infjs . your advice has been insightful . please keep it coming . i would like as many opinions and experience reports as possible . she knows that i felt upset about it . i actually got the shakes when she told me about it . but she also knows that i do not want to control her , that i want her to do whatever she wants . you can't ... yeah , i don't think she ever had a problem understanding why i did it . she basically cannot let the good of our relationship ( similar interests , spiritual connectivity , and general good times ) ... is it ever too late ? if so , how can you tell with an infj ? this is a good point . i think if i valued the person greatly , if i had a deep desire for them to be in my life , if i could see that they were making a serious , earnest attempt to be trusted , then yes ... i appreciate your response . i would really like to earn her trust back , no matter how much patience it involves . i think it would help you to know the way in which i violated her trust : i showed up ... hello everyone , i am an intj male . i was recently in a serious relationship with an infj female . she ended the relationship mainly because of trust issues between us . although she could easily admit ... hello everyone , i am an intj male . i was recently in a serious relationship with an infj female . she ended the relationship mainly because of trust issues between us . although she could easily admit ... i can relate completely . i test as intj all the time , but i relate way more authentically with the infj description . plus , my intuition tells me i am an infj . i just like to think that i have the ... every moment of suffering must be transformed into beauty : the door is locked shut and you are on the street dumbfounded : the disciple has been abandoned by the master . it is finally time for ... enfp / infj interaction is the rhythm of a rushing stream in the midst of a peaceful meadow . our interaction , when it is flowing freely , is both exhilarating and balanced . this gives me hope that there are more enfps with such dedication ! i would definitely move for someone special , for that is what makes them special , that i would move to them . location , form , mean nothing , we give home the meaning it contains . okay , that's it : sounds as if it is time to have a big ol ' percafe infjs who want to meet other infjs party ! the location ? a temple sitting on top of the holiest of mountains . please rsvp to me . i am ukrainian . and , yes , i appreciate tolstoy very much . i like hockey but i do not play it . go on being cryptic , i like it . when you say it has to do with the goddess , i am led to think that you ... female infj : i am not sure why you feel this way ; there are plenty of male infjs out there looking to connect with infj women ( i'd know , i am one of them ) . your fantasy is not so far-fetched and ... why certainly , please come along . allow the experience of beauty to come at you in any way and you have touched infinity , a boundless existence . rendered limitless , you can step out of time , you can stab time . you can fly forever ... for beauty . ooo yes , i certainly have danced with the devil many times by moonlight . it was the devil that put that swing into my body , yes , it was the devil that possessed my every move . this source , ... yesss , enfp in pink pants ! every night , before i go to bed i try to focus on what i would like to dream about , on what answers i would like to extract from my unconscious . i aim at lucidity every night . this is beautiful . i love it . you are so right , you know that , right ; it's dead on . i appreciate you for putting this on here . thanks sassypjs ! might a say , looking sassy in those new shoes ! yes i would enjoy that . however , i've always had trouble finding clothes that fit me well at thrift stores . i usually justify paying for a new article of clothing by the fact that it fits me well ... you got it ; i am with you on this one . i love the costume game of picking what to wear each day . clothing is an easy outlet for self expression . you took the words right out of my mouth ; you've got it , i've been there . said experience is mutual , friend ; i've been in your place many a time . so little richard once said that any problem can be solved by dancing . i agree with the man ; i resolve much of my stress via manic dancing to my favorite vinyls . if there's one thing i know about ... do you cry ? yes . if so , how often ? definitely not as often as i used to ; i have become more like a rock when it comes to negative emotions . that is , i am determined to not let my negative ... i've thought in the past that i wanted be an intj because i was under the illusion that they had all my type's good qualities and none of the bad , i . e . they were more rational . but since then i have ... i am most heavily influenced by the work of omar rodriguez-lopez ( the mastermind behind the music project known as the mars volta ) and phil elverum ( mt . eerie and the microphones ) . a week ago , i ... yes it is . i am flattered that you think my physical features are up to par . that's right ! how could i have forgotten the joys of owning a pig ? ! i would like to know which of you are heavily into the work of phil elverum / the microphones / mt . eerie . dog : austrailian shepherd . my aussie is an enfp ! he is my traditional match . dog : australian shepherd . my aussie is an enfp ! he is my traditional match . you puerto ricans play some sexy guitar . omar releases a large supply of albums aside from his work w / the mars volta . check it out if you are unaware . his music carries a great deal of emotion . who here is a fan ? come on out ! i am trying to connect with you on the deepest of levels . infjs who are into the films and projects of alejandro jodorowsky : come on outta the woodwork ! '