' there are some days or week when i actually do nothing except watch tv and sleep . i've gain 10lbs in few weeks . what can estp do ? if i am bored with life ? you lose track of time . wait a min it midnight already ? i wonder if that what you want to be but you aren't enfp . ? for example , during winter time i am istp but during the spring and summer i am estp could be the spring fever i told my friend this story ... i told my friend that i just used my piss stream to remove some of the dried up your wife's blood from the bowl . my friend reply with , dude that wasn't poo , those ... does this mean you shouldn't be meeting me in dark alley ? you score for primary psychopathy was higher than 95.24 % of people who have taken this test . you score for secondary psychopathy was higher than 99.68 % of people who have taken this test . looks like you already met some of us here ... cats like it when you touch right behind the ears . they flicker . but if a war actually comes and you need soldiers to truly protect this nation who are not going to freeze up and shoot straight , you know the actual job of a soldier , we will be there ... imperfect ... just stopping by after not posting for a while . great ! i got a new achievement . perc experienced * patting myself on my back * wait ! it's friday ? thanks for sharing now i know which buttons to push ! you know when you are an estp is when a rattlesnake comes into a village biting people every where . the people in the village is demanding a meeting and talk about what to do with the snake . you ... def estp ! ! here are couple people who started mission with out exxp paul = entj stephen = estj barnabas = enfj even jesus who started the whole thing wasn't even an exxp he was ixxj * cough cough * xxxp trying to change their diet ? good luck 1 corinthians 7:22 and if you were free when the lord called you , you are now a slave of christ . congratulation , now your a slave . okay let's put it this way as a doer if there is nothing to do then i will be an guardian if i have noone to protect then i will be a caregiver naw we just need those google glasses where we can read and social with people at the same time .. everyone knows you ! ! you have a bad reputation why do you like to piss people off ? any pictures with an shock effect is def estp ! ! just look at those estp pictures nose rings , clothes that are loud , unusual background intj introvert ( 100 % ) intuitive ( 6 % ) thinking ( 25 % ) judging ( 72 % ) you have strong preference of introversion over extraversion ( 100 % ) you have slight preference of intuition over sensing ... introversion isn't obama's problem , his inability to tell the truth is introversion isn't obama's problem , his inability to tell the truth is | washingtonexaminer.com jenny e = usually around people . strip clubs , protest groups . s want to do thing now if she was a n she would talk alot about the future . f talks about feeling p can't be j her life isn't in ... not with his feet when he runs let all things be done decently and in order . 1 corinthians 14:40 that's right . 1 corinthians 14:40 is telling people who are xxxp to be xxxj be patient and humble . that still would be an i not an e like the rest of us are ! ! yes pushy and have no friends .. that why you are here on pc oh wait i think that applied to me as well that too funny he need to look at thing differnetly does estp like to get to the point and not beat around the bushes . for example , i went to this friend house i would see all those details that needs to be fix and started to point them out ... he was trying to act like me . he pointed to the table and had this expression i need it now ... i would feel better if i knew what your type is .. my point is preacher forciing people to be infj you do have great point there .. so how can non - istj deal with this ? 22266 now i understand more of where i m coming from so i should be done with this and let it go ... feeling sorry for my sin does not work for me so bye bye church doctrines . follow up on this here thanks just found this thanks .. right but that does not overrule 1 corinthians 4:16 , ‘ because of this , i urge you , be imitators of me ’ . in other words be infj here the hardest part .. here's a preacher preaching christian ... preacher been saying 1 john 2:6 whoever claims to live in him must live as jesus did . then paul said 1 corinthians 4:16 , ‘ because of this , i urge you , be imitators of me ’ . wait a min , i am ... i want to focus on the new testament if we follow the bible our type would be ? maybe a double standard but let see where this goes as i am typing while reading verse . i introversion ... i ' ve been searching the net for st . paul type . i get couple conflicting type . entp , infj or estj extj is what i can see but i m having problem with n / s my best friend is entp but love to talk about the future and never get anything done . i asked him if he could imitate the way i talk and walk i found it interesting that he act like everything ... skip lunch and play video game that was way back in the 80 ' s yes , grasshopper , the universe does owe you a living . but it's a lifetime job to collect . so keep busy you think you are depress because you think you feel depress . so i decide not to think about feeling depress . just keep busy what your grandparent need help with and go do that ... i have been depress but now i've study this and post this else where but will repost this to help you out . now i m working on following those simple rule and i've been more active . 1 ) never ... you are asking estp if they wanna sit around and read ? i do read history and classic the last book i read last week was moby dick i don't think me as an estp will live as long as the other .. let see my diet is pepsi donuts meat i have to have meat and no veg thank you i will find someone that can finish it for me i got in trouble with the law and was told to make 3 choices 1 ) get a job 2 ) go to school 3 ) go to prison job cough ill go to school it was free for me '