' maybe there's a pattern begging for an explanation , but i don't really care to understand the minds of anyone who is nationalistic . in america , there's great irony in nationalism and ... what ? what about the classic fusion of synthwave , action , and horror ? it created a trifecta of brilliance never seen before or since . it has to do with word-use and tool-use , and understanding the gradual decline ( or hierarchy ) of intelligent roles . 699450 considering how much of the bible consists of primary sources , it is quite possibly the most valuable historical document to ever exist . what gets me is how angry both believers and non-believers ... well there isn't a lot to go on here , but the least i can do is say that i'm judgmental of everybody all the time , but mostly to myself . this goes especially for the ones i love the most . i hold them ... intj - christian . though i've never found a denomination which i didn't have major disagreements with , especially catholicism . my religious beliefs are best understood when compared to isaac ... i've met a handful of perceivers who were extremely hard working . i think judgers get the reputation of being hard workers because we're better at acting like we work hard . it just comes off like ... unless she identifies as a man . then the question becomes , who raped who ? the entity or the identity ? and we haven't even began to discuss the possibility that the company sexually identifies as ... ironically , these displays of expanded minds just show how limited their users ' minds actually are . who fixates on a single concept and holds it so high as to display it in their house , that ... ... not some proven external secret or plan . otherwise , agreed . we're given the power the forge our own paths and think our own thoughts . in that sense , maybe giving ourselves a purpose is our ... i always thought vegeta was an istj . people wanting to make him an intj clearly don't understand that the source of his pride ( and general character ) comes from his high status as a saiyan prince ... quit being correct . it's bad for your health . what are your marketable skills ? unless you solely want ideal careers predicted to be good for enfp's , but that can be googled to infinity . hm , sadly ... probably . probably on account that i might actually be a little intimidated by it , and maybe some deep insecurity would be my motivation to harness that power which i do not or may ... you're right , but i think your verbiage is a little rough . it gives off the vibe that you think all men are unnaturally egotistical . is that true ? it's clear you have a distaste for the ... hm , i'm not sure that's the best way to describe it , if we're just generally talking about the male gender . because if a man takes pride in his intelligence , and it's real pride , not the fake shit ... stoic ability ? i appreciate that you see it in that light , but i've always assumed it was because of my arrogance or lack of discipline . don't get me wrong , it always eats at me when i leave a book ... i feel like i made this thread , because that's how much i understand the issue . very rarely do i not give up on a book 30 pages in because i've made the conclusion that the story isn't worth the ... i'd be interested to know if there indeed is a correlation . will you be sharing your results after you've gathered a sufficient amount of data ? not big into zodiac signs but i've always wondered ... it's fairly obvious how one determines their type . 1 . ) understand the theory . 2 . ) examine past behavior . of course i subscribe to keirsey temperament theory wherein the temperaments are ... and often those are the ones flaunting some emo philosophy like : i don't have emotions . i hate everything . as though those two statements don't conflict at all . i don't think they're intj's ... for me it was a learned skill , since it typically involves some show of emotion . once i learned it though , i believe it made me a much better person , since it requires a great deal of discipline and ... no need to be perfect . if everything were perfect it'd be all too easy , and life without a challenge would be depressing because then there'd be no room to grow . with people , the room to grow is ... two food trucks : t & j waffles and greek on the street i ate lunch at almost every day for two years because their shit was better than restaurant food . if they had those trucks in idaho i'd donate to ... it depends entirely on the context of the rebellion . what do the rebels hate about the government ? can the rebels organize in secrecy ? operations and strategies range from a simple assassination ... meaning is created by individuals . if individuals choose to be meaningless in the sense that they make a negligible impact on a civilization , it is their choice . you can't force people to be more ... yeah , sacrificing other people's lives for the greater good is tyranny on every level . the ends become obsolete when the means do not live up to the ideal of the ends . it's like rushing an idea ... how is this even a question ? i'd love to hear a rationale for anyone who would rather save the mona lisa . cultural preservation ? gross . since when is culture on a higher echelon than life ? for me to have a rival i would first need to care what they thought of me , second have internal doubts about whether or not they are better than me in some specific area that i really care about , and ... interesting . i thought you might like to know . i quoted a manga / anime character who resonated with me who i always assumed was an entj . if you want to read about him to further your theory via the ... when people live their life for the sole reason that they were born into it . or put simply : casualness . where's the direction ? the purpose ? are they just lifeless husks ? sheep to be herded ? ... astrophysics and quantum physics , though i only study them at the conceptual level . no and i never will . no time for that in the grand scheme of things . it suffices for a rudimentary ... welcome to the field and the forum . don't forget to check out the ktt intp : the architect petty slander . i wound't even consider the inquiry affecting if it posited beast wearing a tutu . dare i say you have some erroneous malopinion to further your nincompoopery ? * adjusts monocle * side-note : cartoon beast is scarier / more brutal than live-action one . 661562 i know . loan words piss me off . that and how so many languages use the latin alphabet ! ugh ... languages of entirely different origin all use the same basic alphabet . trying to learn the finnish ... well i suppose they could all just learn esperanto , but there's still use in many languages , because in some sense they compete with each other . certain languages can convey concepts 1000x better ... actually plato , then hippocrates , then aristotle , then galen , and so on to myers . the four humors was just the second ( or one of the first ) known rendition of the theory and was riddled with error , ... well i'd say the fact that it's been around that long must mean it got something right . regardless , temperament theory is actually based on 50 years of observation in patterns of action and word-use ... this is the most legitimate source for ktt : temperaments overview , aside from the book please understand me ii of course . i'm not surprised . i bet many in the reserved / directive role variants : istj , istp , infj , intj have it . i do ... kdiosa are you new ( ish ) to jung / mbti / ktt / soc ? if so , why get steeped in analyzing cognitive functions ? i recommend temperament theory . can't go wrong there . i'm not sure what exactly to call it . i've learned to detect nf speech not by what is said but by how is said . for nf's i believe there's a characteristic of emphasis that defines much of their ... yeah , most likely . if nothing else she definitely has those mystic nf eyes , even in her non-nf roles . that and she also has the strange voice characteristic enfp's often have . background i have a beginner-level knowledge of software design , but i'm quite confident in my ability to design variable systems . again , i may be talking way out of my league here , but based ... i think estp's would , in theory , make some of the best lawyers . sure entp's are better debaters , but estp's are better persuaders . one is effective against smart people . the other is effective ... well at least you're honest about it . had to take a breather after that one . anyway i'm never at my smartest , because i'm afraid i'll find out i'm not as paradigm-rending as i thought . emotions ; a necessary evil . we nt's wouldn't have much purpose if we had no emotions to combat on a daily basis . it's our gift and curse . there wouldn't be a point to live without them , yet in ... i know it isn't as grandiose as traditional classical music but the horror of nox arcana really kicks my mind into gear . sometimes i can be really good at it , but i'm usually not . i don't know why that is . probably because i'm just too preoccupied on some unrelated speculative fancy . '