' so , who decides what it bantering and what its taking everything too seriously ? i was enjoying myself and if i had taken this seriously i would directly close my account any way entp are known to ... owww no in general those who enjoy criticizing , humiliating and laughing at others are motivated by : envy , rencor , ire and most importantly : low self-esteem and insecurity if that ´ s too much enthusiasm for you , man ... don ´ t want to offend but ... thank god im a lesbian hhahhahahaha omg ! ! to post such a comment envy is eating you inside ! ! ! you are here posting on entp thread forum ... you make us quite relevant so far what for ? so we see your arse face instead ? and well ... about the photo , i ´ ll let some onions to get rotten and smelly enough to be unbearable to get close and smell so the shock of looking at your ... tortilla de queso you tell me ... after all you claimed to know what type of entp i was almost immediately ... oh , wait ... you were wrong any way , i ´ m getting bored ... not your witty-self anymore as calling me strange momo indicates yours and you were the one mentioning me out of nowhere in the first place english not being my mother tongue is a fact not an outcome none of them needy parrot , it could be because english is not my mother tongue .. i ´ m more inclined to think though you understood it perfectly fine but thought mocking my writing to be a sharper ... hahahahahhahahah drunk parrot , my mistake .. i thought if i replied to a certain message it would be quoted automatically as it happens in many other forums ... anyway , they are not you ... but it ... he ´ ll tell you sooner or later i have always adopted the difficult dogs / cats at the shelter because i knew nobody wanted to fight harder enough for them .. i befriended the bullied and weird ones cause i thought how awful they ... somebody was affected and that ´ s why i called him out but it turned out all that back and forth become quite funny and i even did the test to see if they were right about what kind of entp ... wow , ... it ´ s great knowing another user shares my point of view what make you think i wanted to change you ? ! ! ! why would a stranger bother to do that ? wrong again ... i gave a fuck about a girl feeling ashamed because of parrot ´ s behavior ... if you are that mature you ´ ll see the difference i ´ m always keep myself healthy even though i ´ ve been there as you say too many times for my liking i don ´ t act at all like one thing about young people is you don ´ t understand how ... that ´ s because i gave no fucks at all ... i ´ ve always stay at the back when dealing with unfair and reproachable behaviors ... once many years ago i needed to share my feelings and thought a good ... 7w6 . man , you can imagine how comfortable i feel with myself nowadays ... i ´ m curious anyway about your reasons to believe that ... i know nothing about what it means to be 7w6 but first ... do you get to know who is momo ? ok ! ! i ´ ll take the test so you know who got the correct answer ! ! hey the groupie ´ s back ! oh wow are you so proud of yourself to consider obvious i ´ m not comfortable with who i am ? man i barely consider a 29 year old boy a grown up man and here you are , feeling adult enough to get to ... i haven ´ t said that at all but , on the other hand : yes , i'm quite naive taking on account i thought somebody of the forum would have eliminated that absurd necro posting rank not one , you got not one right ! ! anyway , well done ! you put some words on your posts ! yay ! no offense there , look around ... unhealthy personalities all over the place ... meanwhile people needing to talk go unnoticed , but hey ... people don ´ t care about it here eh ? hahahahahah i figured that much , seeing how much effort you put on that and how good you ´ ve become at it . let ´ s push us even further : think you ´ ll manage to give a two words answer ? c ´ mooonnn , good ... wow hahahahahahhahahah i was ´ t talking about you needing time to solve my internet problems hahahahahahah really ? ? ? well ... i thought that maybe doing my best and making fun of other users and spend my time humiliating newbies that don ´ t even know they are being mocked at , i would be given the vip or super ... that ´ s exactly what i ´ m doing c ´ mon , even you can figure out that was the result of a bad internet connection ... it may took you a few minutes but i ´ m sure you figure what was happening given your time ... you clever little boy omg ! ! ! an uneasy laugh ! ! ! ... such a devastatingly elaborated response ... you may be right about wanting to be a groupie , seems perfect for you you have to be a child not to know that in music industry circles they still use that term if this is thrilling for you , you should considering going out a little more ... just saying you have to be a child not to know that in music industry circles they still use that term if this is thrilling for you , you should considering going out a little more you have to be a child not to know that in music industry circles they still use that term if this is thrilling for you , you should considering going out a little more dramatic music seems so much better the porky ´ s soundtrack . angrymomo is not a description but a nickname and if you were older enough to accept being mocked as well as mocking somebody else seems to ... ooowww look at this cute little groupie ... i do apologize , ill make it simple : you acting like a bully adolescent is pissing me off to answer your question : and you ? but not their cruelty by she you are talking about me ? quote = nell ; 2871681 7 ] she wrote , proofed , edited , published and read your book apparently . [ / quote ] are you sure you are a entp ? you seem to enjoy mocking other users and you try to find new posts and threads where you could find an opportunity to try to humiliate and laugh at whoever ... my goal when meditation is exactly the opposite : quite my brain , heart and innerself and give my body a break , finally not thinking , feeling or analyzing ... just letting my body exists freely for a ... 1 - it depends on my mood and why is engaging in conversation with the stranger happening good day : easily , i smile i begin talking about whatever is happening to cause me and the stranger to share ... yyyesss ... i usually watch tv till i fall asleep so i keep my mind busy and relaxed at the same time ... usually i am bombarded with images of difficult situations of my past , bad things that ... you are right ... i do apologize i was joking and didn ´ t come out right ... oh ! one more thing ... not really important : i ´ m a girl and i ´ m a lesbian hahahhaha im answering kaboomz post so you are an homophobic now ? i am a tattoo artist and there is this victoria beckon ´ s lookalike gym manager who asks for a tiny flower tattoo on their wrist and brings anesthesia cream with them ... that wayne rooney lookalike in ... '