' um ... i would stop being their friend . not to be an asshole , but ... yeah . i don't know if anyone has mentioned this yet , but : the mountain goats . dear god , the mountain goats . punk , hardcore , and metal were my arteries into really loving music . collectively , they're still a major influence on my tastes . i also grew up during rap's era of commercialization , so my exposure ... just pulled out my irl journal to answer this question ; here is an excerpt from 6.25 . 2008 : i'm still in a rut , but i'm drawing a lot . i feel weird . i need a change , a place where i can savor the ... i think i put on an intimidating persona , sometimes . it's a defense against feeling vulnerable , i suppose . i always feel like i'm being a hater when this subject comes up , because i know how deep the disney movie nostalgia runs - and i don't want to disrespect that - but i honestly have a hard time loving ... i'm the same ! my mind is super-active at night ; i can lay in bed and close my eyes for hours , but i can't stop thinking long enough to fall asleep . audio books have been a godsend , for me - you ... i am a toy instrument virtuoso . i also play the violin and guitar , but toy instruments are the most fun . i've been wanting to learn to play the accordion for a few years now , but they are ... allow me to quote a man far wiser than myself ; though i am not religious ( and he is known for being such ) , he frequently saves me : do not depend on the hope of results . you may have to face the ... i didn't drink or do drugs when i was in school , but i don't really consider that relevant to being good . i didn't party , but i still wasn't well-behaved . i think i resent the good girl ... i'm sorry life is hard for you right now . i can't possibly know exactly how you feel , but i can relate to the experience of having to grow up too fast . i know a lot of it's a waiting game - waiting ... i completely agree . getting on a sopabox about opinions is ... masturbatory . that said , i admit that i get drawn in every once in a while , although far less now than when i was a teenager - time and ... i've definitely been there , and you're right-on in realizing how destructive resentment is in a relationship . it killed my last serious one , and i still feel awful about it . keeping it at bay is ... i haven't associated my real name with this forum , for privacy reasons , but i identify very strongly with it . it's really unique - i've never met anyone else who has it . according to google , there ... constantly ! i start re-playing recent conversations in my mind , but somewhere along the line , they take a turn for the weird . for example : driving away from a gas station , i might start thinking ... i've been in your position , and it sucks to let someone down , but believe me - friends can tell when you're keeping something from them , and the longer you wait to tell girl # 1 the truth , the worse ... i'm with you on this - i'm much more skeptical than a lot of infps . mysticism , in its truest sense ( that is , the pursuit of direct experience of ultimate reality - whatever that means ) does appeal to ... i said yes , but i really do look my age . it's just that i'm 4 ' 11 , so people tend to see that before * really * looking at me . i'm ( in the process of ) becoming a teacher , and all of my students are ... and rainymoods.com i'd get this microchipped into my brain , if i could . it's a loop of nice , calm rain noise , and it is currently ... yes ! and they always have this look about them - like they know what i'm thinking . i think they just sense that we're part of their tribe . mmm . i like this interpretation . i see myself as an indirect sort of healer - i don't want to give concrete answers or solutions ; i just want to help people ask themselves good questions - ... this . oh heavenly day , all the clouds blew away got no trouble today , with anyone the smile on your face , i live only to see i totally respect that . i do feel that way sometimes , too ; i wait a lot longer when i think the person i'm with has serious long term potential . i can flip that switch though , and i recognize that ... i can't agree with the sentiment a lot of people have expressed here - that not having sex somehow saves you heartbreak . i've had my heart broken by several people i never even kissed , and still have ... i handed in my v-card when i was 19 . it was with somebody i loved and trusted deeply , and even though the actual experience was all kinds of awkward ( hear me , virgins : it will always be awkward ; no ... i love this . best standard ever . i ... don't . partly because it's too real , but also because the format bothers me . there are greater , systemic evils ( not penny-pinching insomniacs ) that are causing widespread poverty , malnutrition , ... i agree . i actually threw myself into evangelical christianity when i was a teenager , but , in retrospect , i realize that it was a way of dealing with a total lack of guidance or stability at ... isfjs and infps can balance each other really well , i think , if they learn to communicate - sjs choosing words ( and tone of voice ! ) carefully , and nps learning to take things less personally . your sj ... i'm pretty sure i know why you fail to achieve your high standards : by making a woman's appearance the first test she has to pass to have the honor of calling you her man , you immediately put ... i know , i'm sorry ! i don't mean to imply that all sjs are rigid and dogmatic . isfjs , especially , get a pass . i love you guys . i like that you are * secretly * warm and tender . it's like a treasure hunt ! not necessarily ; healthy people don't self-medicate . unhealthy infps might be more likely to abuse substances , and people with brain-chemistry imbalances might display some traits associated with ... i completely agree . i don't measure my accomplishments in objective terms . i mean , i could write i have a vast reservoir of weird , trivial knowledge and useless skills that i draw upon in unexpected ... hahaha , yeah . plenty of people ( sjs , ahem ) have a hard time recognizing the difference between childish and childlike . they can criticize all they want , but show me someone who thinksgrowing up ... prescription painkillers are dangerous , dude . chemically , a lot of them are basically heroin . if you're using them to self-medicate , see a psychiatrist ! not because you're , like bad or an addict ... i think that it is shallow to idealize women from a distance . when you do that , you're prioritizing your expectations of what a dream girl should be over your fantasy object's actual ... in job interviews , you're not really supposed to honestly describe yourself in three words . you're supposed to tell them three words they want to hear , which could at least be vaguely applied to you ... i have a hard time with roommates . i went potluck my freshman year and ended up sharing a room with a girl who had nothing in common with me . but even though we ended up getting along poorly ( she ... me too . i've scored as all three on different tests , but 4 is slightly dominant . 5 and 7 are almost equal . angles : 20 out of 20 ( very male ) spot the difference : 43 % ( balanced ) empathising : 6 out of 20 ( very male ) systemisizing : 5 out of 20 ( very male ) eyes : 9 out of 10 ( very female ) fingers : my ring ... yes ! it's all about how you use it . i approach swearing as an art form ; expletives are boring and unimaginative when thoughtlessly peppered throughout a conversation , but a well-placed f-bomb can be ... this , this , this . i have learned time and time again that nobody can talk or push me out of a dark place ; the best thing a concerned friend can do is help guide me back to the light within myself . ... the sweetest thing in all my life has been the longing - to reach the mountain , to find the place where all the beauty came from - my country , the place where i ought to have been born . do you ... i agree ! of course math has its practical applications , but what makes it interesting is its elegance as a system . i like it because it's the closest thing to truth-with-a-capital-t that exists ... that's amazing . stories like that make me glad that i'm studying ( ostensibly ) to be a teacher . the golden ratio is one of my favorite mathematical concepts ( with euler's formula coming in at a ... i need to start reading threads before i post . i love that you have a favorite paint color - and , by extension , clearly understand that what is your favorite color ? is a very complicated question . ... i like word-play , absurdity , and mocking bizarre political figures , so sarahpalindrome sort of came together on its own . i wanted zenarchist but apparently that's taken . i do the same thing . i think it's because i spend so much time in my head , formulating elaborate concept analyses ( which draw on all kinds of nebulous thoughts and disparate references ) , until i ... as an infp , i love the feeling i get when external circumstances evoke bittersweet nostalgia - listening to a certain song , on a certain stretch of road , in certain weather , at a certain time of ... '