' brno ? where is that ? i do believe you can self hypnose yourself but i guess you need to have some experience in the domain , for myself i'm just a newbie in hypnosis so really i haven't done anything just yet . okay first stuff what is this metamorphosis stuff and how did your feeling change ? second , ( sorry i'm talking like a journalist , i'm trying to organize my thoughts / questions ) how did it become ... hiii , recently i started hypnosis , to sum it up i know that a lot of us here medidate , but hypnosis ? well i know that both makes you go into your mind palace , little world ( call it whatever ... for travel i don't know but the places i want to go to are expensives ? like i'm not sure i can afford the tickets ... but . i am thinking of getting cactuses so yeah ... hopefully you're right for ... hellooo , being an artist myself , i work different forms of art , and i find myself stuck ... which is pretty annoying if you ask me , my imagination and creativity won't cooperate ... how do you ... sooo , having discovered and understood the basics of the enneagram , i can officially say that my core type is 5 but if we weren't stuck to choose between the two things i would describe myself as a ... i live in brussels i'm belgian ^ ^ so for once , i will make a nice chill and not serious thread here ... because i've been lately active and to my taste posted really complex posts xd , so i will chill the f * ck down . maybe get to ... okay , will try to keep that in mind ! but i don't get why when you get your wing type it can only be : 6w7 and not 6w4 or i don't know what else combination ... it just seems very limited ? if i can ... i honestly have to say i don't understand everything you are saying but i guess taking another test would make things clearer i guess i would need more of a visual schema to understand the whole ... everything is basically in the title , but yah i'm curious myself since i didn't get much chance to meet other intjs and other people obsessed by myers briggs irl . so while i'm at it throw in your ... well after taking the test yesterday i got 9 , 2 and 5 which i find 5 somewhat more accurate i took a fast lane test ( basically a test with less questions ) i find those three numbers to correspond me ... so since i went twice through the damn long test i will not take it another time ... i.am.trying.hard.to.figure.it.out . my brain is getting confused by the numbers by the minute ! ( i have never ... i also think , chemistry ( and eventually love ) has a lot to do here , for myself i have connected with people that i barely knew and formed a remarkably strong bond with them , i thought those ... tell me more about this intuitive mutual connection i think we're onto something there ! you get away from people you love don't you ? i get it self toxcity is dangerous for those we love , it can make more than one flee from you ; it's basically like a tsunami . so you believe that your throat was locking up out of fear ? that is weird i never heard anyone say their throat was locking up out of fear . i guess symptoms vary from one person to another . sooo , i'm making this thread to see if anyone has gone through any relationships ( which i'm sure that some of you have gone through ) , i was wondering if there were more than one type of toxic ... i like your idea ! i get partially what you're saying here , it is true indeed that some people do reflect on each other like mirrors who would do ! to be honest in my life i can recall three people who ... sooo ; i was on tumblr and just came accross this note talking about how infjs used the doorslam for burning bridges with someone ( which is true ) and talked about how intjs disconnected from ... for me it's the owl , fox , wolf , deer and now i see freaking flamingos everywhere this summer , i do think this is my new spirit animal ! ! i am an aries and my rising sign is cancer ; but my rising took over a few years ago so i can't really say that i'm extroverted , but eah i do relate to the walking contradiction thing i've be also ... omg yes yes yes ! i'm not sure to follow you on the second paragraph ... are you using a metaphor ? ? sooo ... it's not really because of trump's new change of law i'm starting this thread , but i did notice since a very long time that people do start to pay attention to your cause ( if i may put it ... i agree to what you're saying , we are a little bit like opposites my best friend is an intj but not all of my friends took the test , i also an efsp good friend , very smart guy ! so you're basically suggesting that intjs become weak towards infjs ? yeah well i kind of fell like that with him he seemed really cold but he let down his on guards attitude . but i couldn't ... basically , i contacted someone a month ago and his description on fb had intj and an enneagram ( can't remember it ) but i hesitated contacting him ( bc he was a total stranger to me ) and finally i ... that's it ! that's exactly my friend right there , he keeps thinking i'm unable to do anything without his supervision or his advices , he thinks pretty much i can't be indepedent so you basically suggest that i would be toxic ? well that can be your opinion if i seem like a threat to you ... i do get what you're saying but i have to tell you that as a emotionally intelligent ... hello , so currently i had a fight w / someone close to me , who happens to be toxic , ( which i am aware of ) unfortunately the circumstances are that he lives in the same house as me , ( which obviously ... i've been told many times by madny medium like people that i am very psychic , the only thing i do know is that i have a very sharp intuition ( which doesn't surprise me ) i'm an aries by the way but ... omg wow that a lot of links in one single text xd . well that i sure interesting , for myself , i like to think that our astrological sign serves as a totem ; which basically means that this sign / animal ... hi guys i was just wondering if any were keen on astrology here and if any of you did notice the resemblance w / the infj ? i'm just curious to hear opinions here so yeah :) yeah i think the red cord is quite symbolic in japan ( you're japanese aren't you ? got a doubt ) i think there's a synchronicity too :) yeah i loved it too ! ! but i mean nowadays we find a lot of these , but yeah it does stand out with its chronology and basically ... everything xd ? is it me or some infjs find it harder to trust people ? well from my point of view since we're so misunderstood we often get bad reputations , so people avoid us because we stand out of the crowd by ... if i'm going to be honest on this post yes i'd say we are kind of psychic ( call it whatever you want ) since we're introverts we tend to think a lot more and feel a lot on the inside , i'd say a lot ... im currently not sure but half half sure i either have night terrors or sleep paralysis , happened to me for a veryyy long time , yeah i am a 100 % infjs suffer a lot more with a few other types of ... heyaaa , happy new year to all of you folks ! recently i've been watching makoto shinkai's your name aka kimi no na wa ... do i really need to point out this movie's one of most amazing i've ... not much i guess i suppose the mind at this age is too fragile to grasp such concept just yet , i think if you have done some bad things in previous lives it will either come back in your current ... yeah i get what you're saying obviously it won't cure you for paying back your debts but it turn around one's person life in some cases ( not in the health case in that scenario ) but i do believe ... i like your vision there man ! the word karma is probably not the best suited word but that's the only word i could find with the range of my vocab ' hey guys ! so the title says it , so i won't be explaining much here ; just want to hear opinions fromeveryone not just infj's ! so basically i'm just thinking , there's so many people out there with ... i'm going to be honest i both see being numb as curse and a miracle in our case - the interesting thing here is that you're mentioning , clinical depression , somehow i feel like a lot of extroverted people tend to see us introverts as depressive , when in fact we just have a point ... i see what youre trying to angelcat guess i'll have to move on what do you mean by this one phrase ? ? i somewhat get it but do you mean i need something like a voice to follow ? '