' note : remarried biological parents count as having been through a divorce . you've stated that both are ' ' interconnected and lead to the same path ' ' and have ' ' negligible differences ' ' , if that's what you're referring to . i've already answered that point . they have ... you've stated that my point is true in theory , but in practice it gets ' ' muddier ' ' . what are you concretely referring to , when you're referring to ' ' it gets muddier ' ' , and how does it invalidate ... what are you implying ? i'm highlighting the nuance between white supremacy and white nationalism ; they are not equivalent , and the latter does not entail the former . these two concepts envelop two different political ... i'm claiming that there are no inherent racial hierarchies required for white nationalism . [ race ] nationalism does not require one to see [ race ] as being superior , equal , or inferior to any other ... something being considered a threat does not entail that it is considered inferior . by the logic you've presented , considering it good would imply considering it superior , and considering ... possible motives can be self-preservation , historical inheritance / ownership , identitarian sovereignty and functionality ( ex : social cohesion ) , with different combinations , none which entail ... the definition does not correspond to white nationalism , as white nationalism does not require the existence of a racial hierarchy , and it does not require the dominance over other races . for ... the term supremacy seems to have been reduced to the idea of appropriation , ownership , or accessibility , specifically through the premise that others cannot reach such a status ( thus arguing from ... i assume you're referring to the land on which it was founded , not the country itself . the country itself can be seen as a heritage from the european settlers / founders , to be inherited by their ... here's two hypothetical arguments combined , i want the united states to remain ethnically homogeneous , based on the ethnicity of its founders , because it's a historical relic that was meant to be ... supremacy can be reasoned through expansion ( therefore relocation or genocide of other populations within foreign land ) , or local domination over foreign individuals . someone who wishes to ... white supremacy is not part of white nationalism . nazism is in contradiction with what is now known as white supremacy ; i assume you're drawing the parallel with the idea of expansion . white ... white nationalism is distinct from white supremacy . richard spencer also explicitly denied being the latter , and made the distinction . what makes you think that he's the latter ? when you state that we see the world ; what is the world , if not an objective external entity , independent of one's perception ? what is it that we're interacting with , in order for us to ... it may not be practically quantifiable , although , it is estimated , yes . the analogy presented , and the explanation presented , demonstrate the process . my point did not include justifying an act ... there are good and bad people , although , it is not an inherit trait . for instance , i assume we both agree that taste is subjective . yet , despite being no inherently tasty and non-tasty ... affirmative action is an example of accepted and encouraged discrimination ( racism and sexism ) . if a criminal is put into prison , it is also accepted and encouraged discrimination . i recall you've stated that you never wanted to engage with me again . thus , are you willing to argue the coherency of certain points presented in the video you've posted ? thus , you did not find any errors in the reasoning of the points being presented ? do you agree with all the points the video makes ? assuming that you've watched it , did you see any fallacies being committed ? what made you think that people were arguing people's existence ? would you claim that those who state that races do not exist are arguing everyone's existence ? i'm not stating that races cannot mix , nor was i referring to ' ' racial cultural differences ' ' . there seemed to be confusion on what constituted ' ' fundamental ' ' ( as i was asked to explain ) , and ... it is biological , it is not a difference in culture , for instance . a fundamental difference between males and females , for instance , would be skeletal structure , genitalia , chromosomes , hormonal ... you seem to be equating superficial to culture , or something of the sort . what is biological , is fundamental . skin pigmentation is a fundamental difference , skeletal structure is a ... i fail to see how one implies the other , not to mention that superficial is rather ambiguous in that context . could you elaborate ? i've given the example with the ice cream ( illustrating ... i disagree with the idea . for instance , obama would be considered a negroid , by that standard , although , he is not a negroid , as he's significantly mixed . i'm assuming you're inferring ... do you perceive your statements as being self-refuting ? you speak of interracial marriage and mixed-race , yet you state that this somehow does not imply that the offspring is no longer ... genocide requires intent ; i assume you meant ' white ' individuals race-mixing ( self-refuting statement ) does not produce non-white individuals . 1/3 white is not white . in the same way the ... i think that it generally derives from empathy ( arguably ' superficial ' ) , as well as social profiteering . vague statements that encompass both ; my friend is [ race ] , and i do not wish for my ... i marked what i was referring to , in bold . presuming you were condemning supporting others running over people with differing views , unless it is acceptable for one but not the other . that seems to be ironic , given previous statements . it can be argued that individual actions influence the collective , and as such , managing the collective would imply according importance to individuals ' actions , and therefore guide them . from my understanding , that is no longer related to the concept of reality that i / you were initially referring to . it seems to have shifted into some figurative meaning of real , which does ... how do you , or would you , perceive atheists who frequent churches ? intentions can vary from being part of and involved with the community , to enjoying the mass ( vocals / reciting / etc . ) , to being ... i'm uncertain of what your point is . are you stating that reality and / or existence are subjective , and / or are you stating that this ranking derives from a comparison between two subjective ... i did not state that what is imaginary is not real . ideals exist and morality exists . although , you've brought up two points which i disagree with ; 1 ) imagining something does not imply that ... morality is also an imaginary ideal . for instance , by thinking that everyone is equal , you're also submitting to an imaginary ideal . i fail to see what is the relevance of stating that ... i do not consider it to be as significant as you seem to be , although , i do consider it to be a factor or a description of a broader phenomenon that resulted from other factors , indeed . why did you choose to post this topic in the critical thinking & philosophy forum section ? radical views ( does not entail terrorism ) and the christian middle-east are two topics to consider . the fear of islam does not necessarily stem from terrorism / extremism . unless i'm misunderstanding , that is what i've stated , or at least , it does not contradict your claim . statistical data is simply a representation of a state or phenomenon , based on a ... you've reiterated that point , and i've told you it was irrelevant to the point . i quote my reply , you're clinging to the condition i've presented at the end ( to a defined extent , as it ... what if he does believe that certain teachings of islam are evil ? whether you agree with him or not , is not relevant to the point . if that was supposedly your point , why did you contest / disagree with the explanation i've given ? i still think we're in a misunderstanding . would you still repeat the point below ? if so , then ... the evil was referring to a tenet considered to be evil . i'm not making any claims regarding what is / isn't evil ; i've used the terms on the basis of using it from the perspective of one who ... versions of islam are attempts at interpreting islam , and are thus claims about the teachings of islam . now , the point is that those who are considered non-evil-muslims possess different ... you seem to have misinterpreted my post , as i did not state that not following a certain doctrine would disaffiliate them with whatever religion is involved . i will quote the context of the reply ... although that was not my claim , i will respond to a specific point . if one claims to abide by a specific doctrine , and that doctrine is not followed , he is inevitably doing one ( or multiple ) of ... '