' that's a good question . stereotypes are formed regardless of knowledge of typological theory . all this bias is only a matter of placement . identifying your strong points in the dichotomy , automatically , implies certain ... i'm just not very interactive . i feel no need to speak or to receive feedback , most of the time . i only speak ( at length ) when i'm required to . talking for long periods of time is something that ... i'm not doubting my type , but i wonder if anyone is . i am not much of a talker , or of a typer , apparently . although , from all of you that claim to see cognitive functions floating all over the ... i've been blogging since 2004 and have settled my blog under a particular domain name since 2006 . a few years ago , i've deleted all the posts because they were not about me anymore . now it is a ... they've included an aspect of the big 5 on the test . perfectionism and being success driven is often related to te . i don't think it could be called turbulence , but can easily lead to frustration ... smashing pumpkins sigur rós those are , unquestionably , my favorites . they are the only bands in my list and they are both number one . i like every song of theirs , including side projects : billy ... age : 24 gender : female country of residence : brazil nationality : brazilian languages : portuguese , english , italian , a bit of german and i'm starting on icelandic i've always wondered what would induce someone to go ahead and visit someone else's profile . i've even been tempted to start a thread about it , but the question stood locked in the depths of my ... your score was 98 of 100 . hahaha ... haha ... ha . there isn't really a thought process , it is black and blue . but i did explain why i can't see it as white and gold in my previous post and , therefore , how i know it's blue and black . it is obviously blue and black . i've never seen it as white and gold , but some people do because their brain is compensating a supposed blue tint of the picture , assuming poor white balance that ... if you haven't seen them yet , these videos may give you some insight :  pardon my laziness . this easy change of functions , as you described , is very unlikely . overall , though , it depends on which theory you choose to use . the mb theory would , technically , allow the existence of hybrids , ... the spongebob movie . i only cry if there is something i can relate to myself in a negative way . there is this feeling of loss , though , in which there is no crying , it just feels as if a part of me died . it only ... i've heard more than one infp stating something similar , but , if you take my word for it , i'd say it's unfounded . and being yourself is the best way to be surrounded by people that really appreciate ... it's overrated . just kidding . the academic life demands me to be more verbally persuasive than i'd like to . scientific research demands me to have no fear of being wrong . in sum , it ... my first post sounds quite arrogant , actually . it was intended as a joke , mostly . an academic degree does not , and will not , make me feel superior to anyone . i've used some exaggeration since i ... i really mean it when i say it sounds interesting . it is completely against my nature and i see this as a limitation . i've been told , way too many times , that i've missed the point in life when i ... when i was about five , i wanted to be an astrophysicist . the original post reminds me that my family kept repeating that i actually wanted to be an astronaut , because they thought i didn't knew the ... judging functions are about drawing conclusions , not acquiring information . information is collected by the perceiving functions . what you described as te , is ne . in any way : introverted = ... it's nice , but i don't use it often . i have an account in nearly every social network , but i'm not very active in any of them . the one i update the most is goodreads . photography is one of my ... isn't that already a thing ? you take the empty bottle to the chemist and they give it back to you , refilled . plus , some regular brands sell refills of their products in a kind of sachet so you can ... since you asked the same thing at the intj subforum , i think you won't mind if i answer this thread , so i'll take the risk of stating the obvious and only reinforce what has been said . in daily ... inferior se can also look like that in more stressful days , but it is not an everyday thing . it seems to me that my inferior se is quite underdeveloped and this makes me feel threatened by the ... maybe different personality types like to experience different kinds of feelings with music . i've seen some intjs attesting that they use it to evoke sadness and , ultimately , to cry . i have also done ... recluse brainstormer 333 it is not an axiom and it is not a rule , it is only a popular misconception . fluency does not equates to intelligence in despite of how it may feel like . it seems common ... b3lial i assumed you were typed in the period you were depressed , and thus could have recalled specific memories and recognize patterns of your behavior that were biased by depression , leading to a ... maybe this thread can help . this post , for example , is a bit more specific about what you want to know . of course those are opinions , though . i know an istp that also has pretty good reflexes and hand-eye coordination . he is an outstanding goalkeeper , even though he isn't very athletic . i thought i could contribute to the statistic ... first let me answer something you didn't ask . eeyore is my favorite character from winnie the pooh , mostly because i see him as rather passive aggressive and arrogant with a sort of caustic humor ... have you considered that you may have never been an intp ? a condition that affects behaviour , such as depression , may actually confuse you when typing yourself . mbti is supposed to describe ... i may have a distorted view of one's need of approval and the feeling of fitting in , or whatever it is , but i have this habit of relating the whole act of following trends with a lack of personal ... maybe she just wants people to see the end product without questioning the means to it , much like using skin treatment masks , it's not something publicly done , but doesn't necessarily indicates ... she is actually insecure about the pads , she won't let him touch or see the pads . basically , she likes the way she looks when wearing them , she just doesn't want people pointing out , noticing or ... i've acknowledged the existence of plushophilia recently but before that i have always referred to soft toys as plushies , because i associate stuffed animal with taxidermy , for reasons unknown . ... mine is about hot funny people , from the past , and it is flashy . also , i tend to use more dark images of / and cats , but i like how this gif sums up internet discussions . i must be some kind of hybrid ... 01 . if i had a gun by noel gallagher's high flying birds 02 . drum + fife by the smashing pumpkins 03 . alt . end by the cure 04 . karma police by radiohead 05 . closer by nine inch nails 06 . intro ... even though that wasn't my main point in the previous post , the romantic compatibility of enfps and intjs always raise a few doubts . many intjs seem to be skeptical about it , believe it or not . i would say that infp + intj is not a good match , just like the intj + enfp relationship . that doesn't mean those types are worse than others , just that it doesn't seem to work if you consider the ... the other day , a infp mentioned how it is the worst personality type , and nobody likes them , and , honestly , i don't see it . i was actually quite puzzled by this affirmation . i'd say it is easier to ... this sense of widespread ignorance is what annoys me . it's about how seriously those messages are taken and that there are so many of them that are simply nonsense that people keep repeating without ... comparing yourself to others associated to the inability to consciously recognize the fault in yourself and a utopian fairness . first comes the false impression that other people's struggles ... relying on family support wouldn't be fair either , it would oblige some to compromise even more their lives in benefit of others . this also implies that the family has resources to maintain such ... i'm not good with history , geography or current news so i can't think of a question i can't find the answer to on a wikipedia page , but i still hope to find something relevant to ask in this thread ... the usual : - tea infusers - stationery - letters and postcards - books - just pretty ones like the barnes & nobles classics , nothing rare so far . also annotated editions , complete works , ... we have a history of abuse by monarchs , so i guess it is not very glamorous from our point of view . it is hard to generalize it as a cultural thing though , some people in my country actually want ... is it like a feeling of disembodiment ? if so , it happens to me quite often . everything is a bit foggy , including myself , but i still feel like i am very conscious , even more than usual , it's like my ... '