' love rex rex lover rex me love and 91 duh ( tooo short need this ) may the force be with you so i was noticing that when i laugh and have a boner , my boner willl move with my laugh hmmm u2 ? me do weed and weed likeyyy and shrrooommmss made adventure time now unemployed checks ! freud might say something about this ... of course theres not going to be imperical data ! ! ! its about feelings ! quote : carl gustav jung was a swiss psychiatrist and founder of the school of analytical psychology . he proposed and ... badass currently one of my best friends is an enfp and we are kinda gettin more romantic lately which has felt like a completely grrreat feeling . i dont think ill ever get disinterested in our ... bi bi bjork i enjoyed this mucho your so fun to watch i use to do those bottle things all the time i even filled one up with toothpaste ! and i also do that thing were i wish i would have just ended my ... ive seen both sante sangre and the holy mountain and just to start off i watch a shit load of movies ... if that means anything 2nd sante sangre is way more structured and plot driven . ( like it has ... i also have read alot of palahnuik . that one story in haunted where he sticks the u know what up his you know what was putrid . and then he gets his you know what sucked out his you know where ! ! ! ... that phase is over and its such a tragedy . but o well this album a first listen made my mouth want to say suck but then giving it quite a bit more listen ( cause i still adore radiohead ) i loved ... throwin one in there i havent seen elephant man recently i really liked a streetcar named desire shes ... only fear will make me feel lonely out here and you learn to except whatever you can get sailing deerhunter have you seen the video ? his dancing made me laugh at first oh thom yorke epic movie i would have rather taken an epic shit we can sit on there tummys ! 24 . a band thats lead singer is jesus and he can sing anysong you want thankya sista ( normaly sista is not used by me but when i read ti post i was listen to some gangsta rap from one of the music forums and tought what the hell ) ( then i thought i might want to ... cool shit dig madlib ever heard of freestyle fellowship ? and this 2 yo i am 19 ! i also might be living a life thats not very relatable . but im prized by that because of my individualistic properties . ( type 4 hehe ) ddaaammmnnn i started with growin up with classic rock thanks dad i hit stages for a while they order is system of a down streetlight manifesto radiohead after that i broadened as they say i like ... ( badass ) but then they all wanted to smoke a j ! ! ! on there decent snoop tried tiressly to roll one but they were falling faster than the bud itself . they all had to hold hands and to created a ... ( holy shit ! ) a gruelsome scene was before snoops eyes as he realized the jealous rage that stood inside of him . he knew he had no value for saffron but the sense of not being accepted black attacked ... my avatar is me but heres some more first ones me bein chill second me bein little third is me being drunk last minute on the way out the door snoop dog asked if he could tag along with jem and the holograms . unfortunately jem had to say no because snoop could not go anywhere without his fat sack of dank ... 18 ) one of those themed rooms should be drugs 19 ) the other themed room would be where people have sex 20 ) the other one would be where people fought to the death 21 ) wait sex drugs and violence ... this my not be a certain place but i got to give credit to hangin out outside . out out ... side as i pondered the response to this tidious question i relized the most offten places i hang are certain ... dude this new shit like this has been the shit . dubstep like trys to hit u in the face as many times as it can before you finaly say ok ! npw im just chillin soryy got to say it but dddaaammmnnn ! ( and really loud ) i want to go into maybe some dank coffee ! im an enfp and kisses are ok i get bored of it i dont always want to move on but sometime i do pluss ... ive got a relationship with one of my really good friends ( thats a girl ) and we ... i am an enfp and i wish for alot of dank lol i figured that was funny yep i get people being super bubbly and being an enfp but that just sterotype bull do he cognitive functions its badas mmmeee tooo there should be a thread where us enfps with type 4 to talk about this shit ! ! ! i am currently 19 and i feel ive started to see people in general as a whole the most shallow shit i can squeeze sorry to be graphic but maybe teenage angst . and as for the main dude my ... i truly did not like anything but the music 2/10 ( but the 2 is just for the music ) oh and the music was pretty cool but not anything else i spend it in the leaves fallen by the stars of brightly lite surroundings on fire twice a day at least unless its to cold jacket time personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? my names rex but people seem to place a t in front of it or turn the r into an s and tag a y at the end - any nicknames ? ^ * ... '