i've had bad experiences with people from childhood and it has shaped my way of thinking and acting a lot . i can tell when i am being manipulated and i've learnt how to be manipulative . my ... how to be a surrealist sleep well . a gland in the command center releases its yellow hornet to tell you you're missing the point , the point being that getting ... i'm such a latecomer to poetry , i'm appreciating it more and more as time goes on and i read more poems . i don't have a favourite right now but i love these poems by pablo neruda ‘ carnal apple , ... thanks everyone for taking the time to answer my question ! i don't really know how to fit myself into the mbti if we look at my view of myself and world view , probably because i have had such a ... i say a lot of stupid and inappropriate things ! i will have an amusing thought and immediately say it out loud , not realising that it might be offensive until after there's a silence and someone ... abioticprime you make a lot of sense and reading up on ne , i do like to make connections between things a lot . my thought process runs off into strange tangents full of metaphors , my way of thinking ... sorry about that red ! i've made it all caps now ugh , wait it wont let me do it ! been posting a bit in the past few weeks , there are times where i can really relate to people with my tested type and sometimes not at all . just wanted to get some opinions perhaps ? 1 ) what aspect ... i have my doubts that i am too .. 3514635147 3514835149 35150 my approach to this stuff is just to go for it . why not just see whether you would go well together in real life ? you could be in an awesome relationship right now or you could be able to move on if ... i don't know what my iq is but i spent a lot of my time in school bored . i've been in gifted programs and they didn't really do much for me . i quickly learnt that asking why and trying to understand ... i like it , agedashi tofu especially !  3509135093 thanks for posting this . while your experience doesn't mirror mine , i can see similar threads of thought ! the art i like to look at and the art i make are completely different things . in a ... i enter competitions . seriously . i enter a lot of those 25 words or less web competitions companies have and write really off the wall responses to their questions . comping - a rewarding hobby : ... i was sorted into gryffindor on pottermore , didn't expect that ! t-bag ! 34981 jonathan brandis from seaquest dsv 34982 pogs 34983 say hello to your friends ! and eating fush and chups ;-) i've misjudged the closeness of friendships before , i've had people tell me that i'm their best friend when i look to them as more of a casual friend . maybe she was just shocked to have been let in ... it helps me focus ! sometimes it makes me tired ? ? i like going on bike rides , going to the gym , having coffee with friends , eating out , going on road trips , hiking , going to expos , craft fairs , art galleries .. don't much like being alone but if i ... i have my ears pierced and that is all . i used to want a tattoo when i was younger but didn't want to commit . the older i get the less appealing they look .. and i still couldn't commit to a design ! ... the liger stood very still as the crowd began to clap and cheer . the monkey climbed out of her mouth , wet but alive , while the dancing lion looked at them aroused . the lion began to circle the ... they all eyed her suspiciously and the liger knew she had to assert her dominance or she would die , crushed by their tiny little dancing feet ! she chose a dancing monkey , grabbed it and with a loud ... :-) she screamed realising it was the two scientists that she had escaped from . they must be here to take my son , the baby liger feline trap , and perform horrible experiments on him . she jumped onto her ... the baby liger feline trap grew up and became bored of living the forest . he decided to fly out into the world and made his way to hollywood to be a movie star . unfortunately he was destined to be a ... 3487034871 3487234873 34874 it rubbed cat nip all over it's body making it irresistable . the cats watched as their comrades threw themselves helplessly at the venus feline trap . it looked like it was over for the fighting ... you were somewhat of an early adopter when you got your ipod , so it would've been a strange thing to others .. now technology is a big part of mainstream life you probably wont get as much attention ... most parents try to do their best with what they have . western culture is scary to some asian parents because they didn't grow up in it . don't be afraid of the world out there . use the freedom to ... when i see posts like this i get this song stuck in my head this sounds sexy , go on ! you can't answer with another question ! i am mentally minusing 10 posts from your count ! would you rather have a boil on your eyeball or a boil on your butt ? sometimes i'll eat out of boredom ! other times when i'm stressed i turn into a glutton for pleasure , food , alcohol , etc etc . 3479434795 34796 3478834789 3479034791 i like my casual wear accessories quirky and a bit twee ! when i'm dressing up a bit , i keep it simple and discreet ! when i started having them i went online to figure out what was happening to me and sleep paralysis came up as a search result . i didn't have a sinister figure in my dreams though , just me in the ... i have lucid dreams when i overheat in my sleep or fall asleep on my back with my arm above my face ( i think it obstructs my breathing ) . my lucid dreaming started as dreams where i fall into ... i grew up in working class towns , you don't show off stuff or else someone will steal it from you ! it's like danny devito and russell brand had a child together ! i don't know if it's an enfp thing but i like men who occupy their space . doesn't matter if they are slight or muscular , i like a man who can fill the space he is in and not shrink within it . i guess ... i think you've got it right here . words like ' homophobe ' does alienate people that are sympathetic but not entirely convinced and discussions are rarely productive when people are on the defensive . ... art , love looking at it , talking about it , drawing , painting , sculpting , creating , it's an overwhelming passion ! everyone is judgemental , there's so much of this world to process we can't always analyze everything and find reasons for why this is that or why she is whatever . this annie person sounds tiresome ...