' cartoons , character illustrations , weed , fantasy . being you is depressing and kind of annoying . i see why you wish dying wasn't so scary . driving somewhere new gives me a little anxiety . i check the address and route multiple times , but i don't like driving in general . i'm also not good with directions . i could face one way , turn ... love tech ! tech = progression on man and mind . especially since it's changing so quickly that tells me the kids are getting smarter and we're running to the future . i wish i could live long enough to ... i'm usually easily able to get someone to see the views of another and understand that different people have different ways whether they like it or not . i'm sure there's more but it's a bit hard ... i detest being on the phone ! send me a text . if i must be on the phone , get to the point and get off . - no one to answer to - no one to check in with - no obligations to do things just because you're a couple - no phone talks ( i detest talking on the phone ) - no gifts to buy - more money for ... don't jump - tokio hotel shinjitsu no uta - do as infinity i wanted to be a character designer and a veterinarian . i still wanna be a character designer . most of the time yes . it sucks . i'm a huge procrastinator but great on time . to me , i'm severely letting people down if i'm not there when i should be or 10-15 mins early . i'm 20-30 mins early to work , school , meetings , etc every ... exactly this ! this is me every single day for two years . i'm extremely unhappy with life in general and that doesn't help at all . fml . i kind of know how you feel . i don't necessarily feel like a bad person but i don't feel like i'm thought of or matter . i usually feel like i'm really interesting or unattractive or un - whatever it ... yes . it has happened once . i don't date . i'm afraid of getting in a relationship . i don't feel confident often . i'm apathetic about sex . i'm 29 , never been in a relationship despite several guys trying , and i've only had sex 10 times . i don't really care and it annoys me to no end that i automatically assume ... pouring rain and howling winds . not at all . i've lost interest in doing anything outside of tv and internet . sometimes i hesitate when i have to go outside . i hate my job , where i live , i'm having second thoughts on what i'm ... yep ! i'm also certain they have some goal they're trying to get . i usually start avoiding them a bit then telling myself that they don't really want me and if they get with me , they won't stay because they'll find someone better . no matter how much they say ... nothing anyone says actually matters . i kind of like being depressed too but i'm not entirely sure why since it makes me feel like crap and i want to die all the time . maybe i feel like it's quietly mine and no one can make me get rid of ... i tend to think people are interested because they want something . mostly nothing . i'm usually between content and unhappy . most of my everyday life makes me want to die . but if ever faced with death , i doubt i could do it . that's natural though . because math just needs another reason to be annoying ? i don't feel like there's much of a point to life either . people say it's better than nothing or you have to make meaning or something else that i always just find completely pointless . because , ... i was diagnosed with dysthymia a few years ago as well . and right now , i'm in one of my lower moods . been down for about 2 weeks now . coworkers are asking me what's wrong and i have to fight back ... mint chocolate chip or cookies and cream . i hate math . i hate it so much . it's boring and more boring on top of boring . so linear , stiff and mechanical . math sounds like internet static . remember how dial-up sounds or when fax machines ... i find myself to be very boring . i don't know the types of the people that i know and i think i'd bore them with the details of this whole type thing . i think everyone else is much more interesting ... i don't like to cry around others as i feel it burdens them . i don't like being burdened by the tears of others since i'd rather the person just go away in the first place . i hate crying . i think my emotions are rather blunted as i try pretty hard to keep them that way and now i'm not sure they manifest properly . i've never really cared too much for emotion as it's hard to deal with ... not sure if i've ever truly been happy . i feel like my thoughts and opinions don't have much value or that regardless of what i think , it doesn't really matter so i keep things to myself . saying stuff doesn't tend to change much , depending ... batman . he's highly intelligent , selfless , and just all around bad the f * ck ass ! i feel pretty worthless most of the time too . especially when i see pics of people in groups . it's like ... how come i'm not there ? probably , i'm not good enough . i think most of the things i do are ... this is me , most of the time . although , i do suffer from chronic mild depression ( dysthymia ) . i'm horrible with directions unless i've been there more than enough times to where i don't have to think of where i'm going . i never know which way north , south , east or west is and it's extremely ... sad music , depression and suicidalness . edit : drug addictions ( thanks deliriumanddoubt ) you're annoying . shut up . stop talking . go away . leave me alone . i don't care about whatever you're talking about . i don't like the kind of person you are . i feel a little uncomfortable voicing it . it feel unnecessary . i don't like to stare either . how little i've accomplished in life and how i can't seem to make myself do anything about it . i don't like to be approached , per se . i like for a guy to become my friend first . dating = pressure to me . i've got to learn what someone is like on a day to day basis . being approached is almost ... don't jump by tokio hotel i am . my advice would be to start with correct pronunciation from the very beginning and focus on learning all the kana along with it . those beginning steps will help immensely . at least it did for ... infp gets no love . and this is why we cry . you prefer your own company to anyone else's . '