' i think i ` m facing a burnout of some kind and i ` m interested if you guys have similar experiences , i mean if there is many other enfp : s with same life controlling issues . at the moment im so ... i find it difficult to recognize other enfp : s but heres some qualities that i think are common to enfp : s - too kind person , easily doing things to others feel good and forgetting own well-being - ... how many languages can you speak / have you learned ? 4 ( + 1 ) do you like learning languages ? as long i can proceed at my own pace and way . i hate grammar and school language lessions ! what's your ... i dont know if he is narcissist entp or not but ive always known that he ` s not healthy one and this is only interesting to see that kind of point done . im not judging him righ away but im going to ... actually i often find myself in company of estjs because i like the fight in you and espescially prefer estj humor :D the problems come when estjs start telling me what to do and i ` m too stubborn to ... i feel most free with isfps , intp and enfjs . and even though i cant be so random with infjs and intjs they are equally awesome ! im being kind , joking and chatting stuff and joining to his company whenever it is possible . i may be accidentally really flirty because i am so exited about that person , but im not givin any certain ... voted for infp ^ ^ 9w8 sp / sx on saturday morning walking around the flat with nothing purposely to do ... reading comics on sofa and eating cream crackers . or any morning at 6 am . in woods nearby while taking the dog out to pee ... oh yes this happens me all the time when travelling by train ( several hours trip normally ) . i don ` t know how it happens but i smile and say hi and all the sudden they are telling me how their ... yeah we are high scoolers . and i think that i ` ll have to let go with that he ` s important stuff and think about healthy people instead . whatabout different roles of nationalities in movies :D ? i could come up with many of those type 1 - type 2 destiny lund : 2w1 - 7w8 - 9w8 sx / so eliza . peace to you . : 2w1 - 9w1 - 7w6 i dream of a supernova : 2w1 so / sx musicalmeggie : 2w1 - 5w4 - 9w1 beautiful okay that was a quite testimony ... huh :D i can ` t really relate but i ` ve always thought that there must be people who work that way . this is somehow ironic that this thread was first about adoring ... well i think he have become healthier because he have gained popularity , attention , friends .. now he isnt anymore such sissy he felt / really was back then when i first met him . so hes self-confidence ... yes it is a bit misleading .. i tried to get it catchy and it is still fully true : tongue : love is many kinds and i basically just wanted to know how you guys express your love in actions so i could ... strong opinions hahaa okay :D maybe this is meaningless thing to bother about anyway . and he does have low self-esteem but he have made great success with it during past years . he have been giving many speeches ... ok i ` ll have to think again if he is entp althought i am pretty sure he is , there is so much else that fits correctly . its like any other type would ` t count . - but im also pretty sure that he ` s ... ! this ! stubborn - in both ways <3 ! good advice guys :) thanks thanks . this relationship i ` m thinking about is a complicated one ( well many are ) . i ` ve known the guy well for 6 years but i still don ` t know what the hell i ` mean ` to ... okay :p erc 2 : where do you know that you are important to entp ? that you are somebody really trusted and deeply loved by one . / / in meaning of relationship or friendship as a child i played a part-time squirrel ... i think it was a sign : wink : 282794 hippie days going avril and katy <3 just perfect for those aggressive girlymoments xd well ... just come to ask me if you have an idea of what you want to be translated :D ( propably better than trying with google translater xd ) nono .. i ` m from finland ... still the other domestic .. school leaves the markes on us xd its kinda habit of usin swedish in some lines like jag vet inte and so for me : tongue : haahahah a ... aah : laughing : oh god i know its so bad . and who got the idea of that skript at the first place may i ask ! : ` ` d sorry to disturb you oh yes this is mine too ! though it brings to my mind the other song from the band , the big bad wolf , and the mindraping video of its : laughing : prince - erotic city but theres no good version in youtube available . only in spotify my intp friend puts all his effort in reading bible and all information inclueded .. and he is always for a debate about religion vs . evolution theory oh don ` t say that ! i like it : laughing : that ` s cool ! ! sweedeen ... other domestic used only for trolling oh yes ? me too ! it was so hard to deny myself that i was 4 . i thought that it would tell i ` m selfish bastard who only concentrades to her own specialness ... individualist as a word had sort of that ... my 4 best friends are infj , isfj , enfj and isfp . i also make good friends with intps , entps and enfps ... for some reason rarely with isfj : s ( exept one i mentioned ) . entp friends are complicated ... yellow ! what do you guys listen during your rocking and rocky days , what songs and artists do you prefer ? mine atm - rizzle kicks : down with the trumpets ; stick to the good bit - nirvana : ... there ` s a lot of me in your description . about trying to built strong image outside ( have been going long before i regognized that aspect about me ) , using more te and hiding my fi like i ` m kinda ... well i ` m trying to search even one sp / sx enfp here to see if it ` s normal or even existing , to share thougts :D i know i ` m either sx / sp or sp / sx , which sp-dom feels more fitting .. but it seems like ... about that ... i ´ ve infected many friends of mine with this mbti shit ( i really love it :D ) and helped them to figure out their type . what i ` ve noticed some of them drop the interest after ... miikkeliii im 4w3 most propably ... i ` ve tried to find out about these instinctual variants and came up with sp / sx to myself ... but havent found out so much about sp / sx enfps . what would it look like ? : th_woot : ou : o it must be hard . i think i only learn language by watching tv , reading stuff and listening music ... otherwise im lazy piece of shit when it comes to school , grammar and homeworks : rolleyes : but ... i read something about opposites attract - stuff and it said istj would be a match to enfp as a totally opposite . it said they have also the enfp-side downdeep ... childish and playful . idk i cant ... tästä voi sitten bongata suomalaiset jos joku on meitä etsinyt :D tädäää ^ ^ kiitos ! kauhee hötinä noussu tän suomalaisuuden ympärille xd hassua ~ i ` m suprised how much this being finn has got attention :D funny so you are finnish-swedish you sneky x ) just for the 3rd grade or more ? i dont have any idea how much you have to study . true xd and they are normally kind enough to switch to finnish when i start speaking swedish to them '