' istjs , i would like to ask for your advice . my father is an istj . he and i have never been at odds with each other , but there is a very poignant distance between us . the summit of our one-on-one ... my mother and sister are enfjs , and i find them both very draining to be around . my mother is extremely discomforted by anything that disrupts the harmonious air around her , and considering our ... fiscally conservative , socially liberal . dear boss lady , don't schedule a meeting for an hour , then hold a 45 minute impromptu meeting afterwards to discuss what we discussed in the aforementioned meeting , then top it off by commenting ... a ) work . i pick up a lot of freelance design work . unless i am really strapped for cash , i won't pick up jobs that look like a bore . i've got a day job , so i am not that worried about the money . ... this , 100 % . during the initial period of withdrawal , i feel like i am living in a haze . if the situation is particularly bad , i might obsessively check the social media profiles of the person in ... i can totally relate . you can't force someone to love you . it's not worth the energy worrying about it . florida . clothes and makeup are fun for me to play around with , and i consider it an outlet for my creativity . i have no qualms shopping at thrift stores or clearance racks , but i only buy pieces i am ... i can close my eyes and get completely lost in these tracks :  reddit . people who don't understand a meme , but they use it anyway . example , yolo . its original intent was to be a sarcastic excuse for a bad decision , but i see people using it in a ... 7 . :) 4754047541 4754247543 47544 marty mckitty and gidget widget , my furry friends . i have a lot of strong opinions , but i don't debate with people . the main things i care about are liberty , freedom and small government . as far as economics go , i don't understand it as much as i ...  more often people who know me describe me as spunky . my cute cuddly side comes out only for a few trustworthy people . food : romaine lettuce , kale , carrots , radishes , beets , cucumbers , snap peas . grapefruit , apples , tangerines . eggs . milk . beef , frozen fish , lunch meat . vitamins . cranberry juice . ... i turned to a few subcultures , in an attempt to figure out who i was . most of my friends in early high school were grungy potheads . being teased a lot in middle school caused me to become calloused ... 46227 gustav klimt 46229 rene magritte 46230 francis bacon q1 . concentration camp - - help kill your own child , or watch your child + an innocent man die as well . i could not kill my own child . q2.emergency affair . attempt ( low % ) to save your spouse that ... 1 . ' safe ' genetic enhancement of your children . will you accept the treatment ? ( yes or no ) only if it were disease preventative . nothing aesthetic . 2 . inevitable disaster . will it hit nearby ... 1 . 6 year old boy and girl in burning build , which child do you save ? whoever was the easiest to carry . 2 . your romantic partner ends up being your half brother / sister . options : continue ... i am a graphic designer / web developer for a small software company , and i supplement with freelance here and there . i mostly focus on user-interface design , but i do print and stuff too . focusing ... i worked an 8 to 5 during my first years of college at the local courthouse as a file clerk in small claims . stuck in an office with a bunch of catty 40 - something ladies , shuffling papers and ... this just totally made my day . thank you ! : tongue : 45710 :D thanks ! <3 :) i used to dye those blonde streaks crazy colors , but by the time this picture was taken , i was looking for a design job post-college . i am going to do the streaks again , but i am ... 45575 old pic . 45586 new pic ! i think i talk to my cats more than i talk to real people . i would like to remedy this . ... although , i think i will continue to talk to my cats . they are too cute not to talk to . i did a lot of theater work in my early twenties , and i have always had a great interest in horror move makeup and puppetry . 80 ' s effects are the best - it looks so organic . computer animation is a ... i got stuck living with an acquaintance out of pure convenience during my last four months of college . my previous roommate up and left out of nowhere ( gave me two weeks notice ) , and told this guy ... i very rarely feel anger . i feel like it is wasted energy to be angry , so i tend to turn my attention to books or artistic pursuits in lieu of lashing out . only if my personal space is invaded , or ... i have resented my parents ( istj father , esfj mother ) for years due to a lack of emotional validation . the latest example was my college graduation . they brought a guest i specifically told them to ... father : istj as a child , his approval was everything to me . i believe his high standards exacerbated my need to be perfect . we bonded over creative activities , such as school science projects or ... i know a few people who could be identified as a hipster on first glance , but they are great people and genuinely individualistic . i also know a few snobs who follow hipster culture like a lemming ... oh my god , that shirt . i want it . you have excellent taste . d'aw , thanks . i appreciate that immensely . :) the funny thing , is that she has never actually specified whether she was straight or not . she was always very ambiguous when the topic came up . we had some physical encounters in the midst of our ... we had physical encounters , so i was not wrong in my questioning her sexuality . i think she was curious and then took a step back . my intention wasn't to run off with her into the sunset . i gave up on the idea of being with her years ago . i honestly just want her to be happy and confident . you're likely right - i think she ... aw , shucks . <3 holiday traditions are nice , sometimes . christmas is fun because gift giving is so rewarding , but i dread spending time with my family because i am obligated to . halloween is fun because i can ... an old flame walked back into my life recently - a beautiful infp girl . she was a romantic interest of mine for years , and despite her gender preference of men ( i am not sure if she is straight or a ... i stop eating completely , in most cases . my anxiety gets the best of me and it results in an extremely sensitive stomach . even after the conflict has passed and i don't feel mentally anxious ... creativity and capacity for love . i feel like i would be nothing without my creativity , and my creativity would be nothing without my feelings . the feelings can make me feel a little crazy ... roseanne is one of my all-time favorite shows . while i didn't grow up in a blue collar environment , i really identify with the characters . i also love married with children , party down , community , ... i am 99.9 % positive i would punch them in the face , right then and there . there are particular words and ironic phrases i really love to use . when i am in a sarcastic mood , i use outdated phrases like the bees knees . i also adopt slang that doesn't necessarily mesh ... i was always terrible in school , despite being relatively smart . i was very uncomfortable with the structure , and it didn't seem like anyone actually cared about learning . even a lot of the ... when i am most relaxed or comfortable , i rub my bare feet together without realizing it . i do this in my sleep when i am having good dreams as well . '