' i have a hard time being myself in relationships or at least that's how it feels . or at least being open about things . i have all this sensitivity inside but only let it out in little spurts ... it's ... lots of isfps and intjs in my life over the years . communication is easy with other ns . i know a lot of isfjs and esfjs , too . they are the mothers of the world . my actual mom is an enfp , we're as ... i live with an intj and he says things that piss me off all the time . i outburst a bit around him once the pot boils over , so to speak . finding the balance in our friendship is tough sometimes . i ... i just wish the whole getting to know someone and really care about someone and then breaking up process wasn't so hard on me . i would do it more often . ne should be able to think of ways to keep the ... always and forever , all of them . i just added another to the list a couple weeks ago . it's going to be a while until i'm fully back on my feet . we're still texting back and forth occasionally . i want ... mostly comedies , i can only do dramas so much . arrested development the life and times of tim trailer park boys archer peep show curb your enthusiasm aqua teen hunger force i rarely get into relationships ( mostly because i don't pursue very often ) but i did in november . and now it's likely over . she ( isfj ) has baggage from a cheating ex , she thinks i don't talk enough ... she's a classic female isfj - caring , nurturing , traditional , etc . she internalizes all her stress ( which is a lot ) , she is overworked and underpaid , doing the work of two people but hasn't done ... i take long breaks between relationships and / or long , unrequited crushes ;) i am just getting out of a four month relationship with an isfj . lots of trouble communicating , we're both very internal ... did a 12 day , 17 state , 6800 mile road trip with three friends summer before last . it was fun but not being alone at all ( besides the bathroom ) for 12 whole days was the weirdest part . i love the ... my inability to come up with a list of insecurities . i know how i am when i'm on the phone with someone i care about . i start off good but then realize the restrictions placed upon me by the phone call itself . things are so much more easily expressed ... i have little to no interest in gossip and i think i'm the only one at my workplace who feels this way . i need out ! they all just talk shit about each other constantly and the negativity is the ... as people continue to migrate to the cities in droves , the appreciation of silence falls by the wayside . i live in portland , oregon now and while it is a beautiful city with nature intertwined with ... unesco world heritage centre - world heritage list let's go ! all the time ! but if you mix in some revelations about the people around you , you will seem less selfish :) taken them probably half a dozen times . i'd say that i now have a greater appreciation for music , nature ( especially ! ) , and your inner-self . i become extremely introspective but in a good way , i ... when i think casual sex , i think one night stands and can't imagine actually going through with that . i've done friends with benefits before and it was ok , just took a little getting used to . it was ... i would suggest continuing to exercise , get proper sleep , etc . but you may need a major change in your life . a new awesome friendship , romantic relationship , job , place to live , pet , whatever it is ... a few years ago i moved into a house and unintentionally made it a party house . i invited everyone to come party every saturday night , people could bring friends and have fun without judgment from ... my grandma always says a penny for your thoughts ... i'd be a rich man at this point , let me tell ya . and later , when i get caught staring at the walls again , she says where are you now ? old courting stereotypes are lame ! i love being approached by women , especially because i have such a tendency to be passive . i like women to be strong-willed . to answer the question , extreme ... arrogance , people who talk all the time - seemingly just to hear their own voice , judgmental folks , intentionally manipulative folks , compulsive liars , major hypocrites , etc . also , people who seem to ... i just turned 25 and i continue to feel pressure to conform the masses . i already hang out with people one or two years younger than me because people my age , around my town , keep getting ... & #8220i & #8217m glad you and i became good friends . you & #8217ve showed me things i doubted before . & #8221 - intj buddy . easily the best . you were the only reason i had to stay in this town and now i'm finally moving somewhere new . i'd give anything in the world to take you with me . we've done more in my dreams than most people do in a ... i have too high of standards for myself and for potential partners . i definitely fall fast for some girls though . the biggest problem is that i don't know what i want which makes everything more ... intj , infj , maybe an enfp . enfj seems to be the ultimate balance to me , idealism + extraversion + order . the ones i know are almost too awesome to understand . overall , i would say that it's hard for ... sociology . just the aa so far , working on that . when i came out of high school , i chose web design but found it was not for me . people always ask me what i'm planning to do with it ( oh , how i love ... another late night , up thinking about all the stuff i think about . i think most of my problems stem from the fact that i have unnecessarily high standards for myself , yet i almost always give others ... in keeping up with the wrestling theme , hulk hogan made an album in ' 95 . it's so funny . he actually raps on beach patrol . the wrestling boot band - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i feel like i project myself onto other people , meaning that i expect them to think and act like i do . not the case . only recently have i realized this and it really could have helped it someone told ... write things down ( journal , diary , etc . ) for now . even expressing it on here would be helpful , just to help you feel not so alone . we've all been there , the endless stream of thoughts , the faucet you ... i know how terrible i am with anything long distance . it always feels like there is no real connection with someone so far away . were things different when you were together in the same place ? that ... it's not that i expect that out of casual sex but what's the point ? a temporary joy i'm not supposed to think about ? sex with someone i don't really know or don't care about is slightly better than ... i've gotten you're too good for me before . what am i supposed to say to that ? this is so much fun why don't i do it all day ? i'm quitting my job our fingers are crossed no reason to be afraid we have each other we infps so much to offer the world but so little time i often think i could survive on cuddles only . and music . facebook is just chocked full of nostalgia , isn't it ? when i move , i'm getting rid of it . there was a girl who is in germany now with some long-term boyfriend . the last message i got from her before ... my mom is enfp and my dad is isfj / istj . they were a little too different but it worked out ok ... for a while . i'd definitely want an i and an e together . intj and esfp would probably be my pick ... there was some disappointment , but it made me stronger . we're good now , i think he trusts me more or something . maybe all i had to do was stand up to him . i was thinking today about how if you typed different eras or different countries , etc . how interesting it would be . the u . s . is idealistic ( or was ) but i think i'd have to say that it's built for ... i don't have a single favorite song but the beatles ' when i'm sixty-four and ob-la-di , ob-la-da are both close to my heart . growing up it was green day's welcome to paradise . i reeeaaally like regina ... first off , it's about what a waste of time showering is . then i think about how many millions of people shower every day and it's such a gigantic waste of water . if i don't do things in order in the ... i think about this all the time . it seems like the more time goes on , the more they try to get their claws in us and keep them there . all these responsibilities and monetary exchanges for things we ... isfp - more of a casual thing , i have a really hard time with that . we're friends now and all but she doesn't want to do anything . lazy , unmotivated , actually a little boring . intj ( 1 ) - she ... agree with the explanation thing . i can clear things up for an entire room if need be . beyond that , i'm a good listener and i'm loyal . people confide in me too and trust me much more quickly than i ... yeah , i'm really sick of being just friends at this point . there's one description i've read where it said that some infps can have a fascination with the profane , maybe that's what you're referring to . when i first read that , it was a shot right to the ... '