' what are your feelings on the matter ? :p [ / quote ] i'm not sure if there's a difference , i guess . or if one is really all that bad . how do you know whether you've matured and have control over your emotions , or whether you've sufficiently dulled them ? i adore this ! words of wisdom she speaks . this is interesting now . if i understand correctly , it's not that you're asking if enfjs are prone to trauma , but if they have trouble letting go of it and allowing themselves to heal and move on . i ... hiya . how's everyone doing ? ? i should really stop getting my hopes up . i usually raid this thread with all my negative feelings . but today , i'm doing pretty okay . hating my monotonous job responsibilities for today , but it's not getting to me . all is well at this moment ... . thomas along the lines of what is saying , don't limit yourself . i always thought of myself as the supporter in social situations , but in reality , i don't like it there . i want ... my statement wasn't meant as an attack either fyi . i comment on a lot of posts so i didn't know i'd responded to one of yours before . i have a pretty strong belief that people ( i'm not ... ah but we should be careful not to hide behind our type . not to say that we don't all wear masks at some point , i just don't think there's one enfj mask . um , i shouldn't be feeling like this on a daily basis . it should not be something i come to expect every day between 8-10 pm . well change terrifies me sometimes but i also crave it and stagnancy also terrifies me sooo yes . yes i think i will ! the only constant is change . yeah it's nothing new . so i've got the time thing covered but that patience thing i'm not so good at . my fear is that now it's kind of permanent . i need something to shake me up . i guess i just feel really trapped with my life . nothing seems to really go the way i want it to , and i don't feel equipped to do anything about it . self-fulfilling prophecy , i know . what i don't ... lol i didn't need your response to be anything , other than genuine and honest . i don't need your response to be shaped by what you think my needs are ( although i know i do the same thing all the time ... walking helps because you use both sides of your brain ( to control both feet ) so whatever ruminating thoughts you have get broken up because those nerve firings are now being redirected and ... do you get it often ? if i can ask ... ahh . except it's not located to a sphere , it's just spreading . i'm sure it'll pass . right ? other spheres of discontent ? what was my current one ? as an aside , while the pain is becoming less poignant it's becoming more broad ? i don't know how to explain it . is that just a phase ? oh , sorry about that . the drama had died down by that point and i didn't really want to talk about it any more . thanks for the support though . yeah it's okay . i did what i needed to do . i found a distraction . my friends weren't that much of a help . nobody really checked in on me after the initial oh are you okay ? ? so someone from okc ... maybe it's time to identify some of those hopes and dreams and go for it . there's no reason not to shoot for the stars ; being a little foolish and shooting towards those dreams is what keeps us going . do any of you associate sharing feelings with intimacy ? it feels so wrong to share my feelings with someone i don't know all that well . it almost bastardizes and takes away it's significance to me ... thanks , all . i just have limited coping skills . i'm right now terrified of being lonely - that's my biggest concern . i'm realizing how much time i devoted to him and i feel like that empty time is a ... i'm afraid that i'm going to lose a lot of joy and happiness for things that i shared with him . i have a tendency to associate things with a person , so once the person is gone , the feeling for things ... nope . entj or something . he's not inconsistent though , which is why this is so weird . something's going on . and i dunno , i always see 2 sides of the story , so i know why he might be acting this way ... i just don't get how someone can one day be talking about what birthday present they want to get me , and then the next week ignore me completely . this wasn't a short term thing . it had its issues , ... oh but it's not a choice . i'm not talking about vulnerability with another person . i'm talking about the inability to hold up emotionally . everything affects me . i wish i was stronger and tougher . but i'm just this sensitive thing that doesn't fit in with who i want to be . seeker , you are so damn nice . i just want you to know i respect and appreciate that in you . as for my post , i was more introspecting . was just something i noticed in myself . i can say oh i'll be ... call me masochistic but i totally have a thing for entjs . i think there's something wrong with me . i thought that it was just situational but it seems to follow me in a number of situations . it's not debilitating but it affects me . i also thought that it ... in one of my classes we took the official mbti and we were discussing the value of testing and what the pros and cons were . and i mentioned a con that it can be affected by our mental state so we ... to answer your question though niffer , yes . i've had that experience a number of times and it's hard to know when you're over-emotionally burdening someone , or when they just aren't the right fit ... i think that as feeling types , our emotions are quite strong , and if we're not comfortable with them or we weren't taught how to express them properly , they become kind of frightening and it feels ... all of the above . hold it back in public . emotional sniveling mess . not graceful . i try to hold it back because i know it'll be all over once i let it go . movies , moving articles , ted talks , ... webnek you are handy ! that looks awesome though . i also love those mirrors . definitely seeker . repression and suppression is just nonsense . it's useless and it pissed me off that my dad would do that to me . to him , he still thinks it was a worthy cause , but i just think ... mmm i hate that . anything you want to talk through ? agree with pretty much all of the above . but to be honest i didn't read all of it lol so apologies if i repeat . i ( we ? ) have been trained to not express ourselves or for whatever reason we ... i am sooo sick of not being able to actually live in my damn apartment . murphy's law wtf plz gtfo of my lifeee 4eva . seriously though , it does get tiring ... eggsies doyly ? i never live in black and white , and i probably should a bit more . glad it worked out though . i think each individual friendship is what you make it . some have different flavors and as long as you ... good luck ! ps why would they be out of the building by 9 am ? synchronous ? darth alpha how do you view the entj-enfj dynamic ? agree with so much of this . pretty much all of it . it totally depends on the nature of the debate and the person i'm debating . i need to feel listened to and understood . online debates are extremely ... '