' now you got me excited about bamboos ! i just learned that they grow in my zone . i needed a new / fun / exciting thing to work on , and it looks like this might be it . :) so exciting ! ! ! i love growing the huge sunflowers . i've never grown bamboo before , but now you've inspired me to study about it . :) i'll probably look it up soon . we should start an efnp gardening ... confession : i was the same way before i got fish , but i tossed my fish out last summer . :( i was so excited to get my first aquarium . i read 5 or 6 books on the subject , and joined an internet ... yes , it seems to have been fixed since yesterday . i haven't gotten any redirects since then . thanks for your help ! :) i love gardeniiing ! :) this post made me feel very excited for the spring time . even just thinking about it makes me feel good . i gotta order my seeds pretty soon ! :) this is happening to me and my friend drewski too . we thought it was because we were using the iphone dolphin browser , but that wasn't it , because it was only happening on perc . in january i was going through some very difficult times , and danse macabre went out of her way to help me , even though she wasn't obliged in any way to do so . she made me feel a ton better , and i ... birthday hugs to drewski ! it's his birthday today ! ! ! he's 21 now . i told him not to drink too much . :) i loved reading you guys ' responses . when i'm drunk , i hate doing things that i know i'll regret later . and i usually tell myself : you'll probably regret this tomorrow morning , and yet i do it ... when you guys drink alcohol , do you feel like telling everybody how much you love them ? what other interesting changes do you notice in yourself when you're drinking ? ( yes , i know there are ... lol ! i love your creativity ! xd it's not something i wanted to talk about in public . :) nope . more extraneous than the change of seasons ! :) it's still pretty cold here . it's gonna be 0 degrees f tomorrow . how are we gonna do this ? 24 - hour live webcam ? i'll do it if you do it ! xd ... due to some extraneous circumstances , i am currently spending about 90 % of my time wearing nothing but boxers . if anyone thinks they can beat that , then send me a pm , and we'll have a friendly ... if the people were really mean to me , then sometimes i'll try to convince myself that i don't need them , and that i don't want anything to do with them . but that's only if they were way out of line . injuries . * crying * besides that , i also agree with what you guys said above , about how restrictions get us down . and , in a way , injury / disability / sickness can be like the biggest restriction ... i'm glad you wrote it , because i enjoyed reading it . :) you're obviously well-educated on the subject . i don't like it , and i never get used to it . it always makes me feel uncomfortable . i think it's related to how it's generally said that enfps don't like forcing people . so even if we have ... double post i'm loving this thread already . thanks for the wonderful responses ! :) two more things : 1 ) do you guys think that ne-doms would be more likely to have crazy thoughts such as these ? or do you ... that's interesting . i would guess it's not a common enfp trait . as for myself , i love it when people cry on my shoulder , or when they feel comfortable to cry around me . it makes me feel closer to ... do you think enfps might be more likely to have wild and crazy thoughts when we're kids ? or do you think this isn't related to type ? for example , would enfp children be more likely to imagine ... don't do it ! ! ! don't become an enfp ! you'll be worried about how everyone else feels , and weird stuff like that . and you'll never get your homework done on time , and you'll be late to everything ! ! ... when i was young i used to have crushes on fictional characters . but that totally went away when i got older . i think i liked that little girl in the movie e . t . and i totally had a crush on ... hey - does anybody know if phony has posted anything recently ? i can't see her posts anymore , so i don't know if i'm missing anything . lmao ! xd just teasing , dear . i would never add you to my ... i am highly offended ! i think i'm gonna add you to my ignore list , because i can't handle your profanity anymore . xd phony : are you wearing pants today ? come on , give us an update already ! don't keep us waitiiing ! ! ! xd i make funny faces when i'm singing along to songs , and then i get worried that the faces will stick . you only read 3 of the 500 pages ? ? ? sounds like you were very interested in them ... yeah , that is really creepy ! xd lol i am an enfp , and for the first time in months , i started feeling motivation to embark on new and ambitious projects . this is my proof that i'm finally starting to return to normal . i think that's the nicest thing anybody's ever said to me ! <3 * sniffles * * wipes tear from eyes * i am an enfp , and i just saved tasticallyfab's life . true story . ask her . :D all in twilight : in the past , i would've been the first one to ridicule anyone who didn't believe in mainstream evolutionary theory . but after a biologist told me that the theory is completely ... j squirrel : did phony really just say that she wants to jump on top of me when i'm naked in the forest ? furthermore ... how exactly should i be feeling about this ? xd this braveheart stuff is too corny for me . xd it depends on how big the rip is . if it's less than 5 , i don't think it counts . but if it's 5 or more , then it definitely counts . :) one of my all-time favorite things to do is to go to a secluded forest , take off all my clothes , and spend a couple hours in there butt-naked . those are some of my favorite memories from last summer , ... today an enfp told me i was talking so fast that she was having trouble understanding me . so i had to purposefully slow down . :) good point ! though if her name is hell , i'm sure there's lots of other fun stuff we could be saying : xd - dear hell : will you marry me ? - i want to spend eternity with you . - do you mind if i ... you should've made your inappropriate yet cutesy reply ! dang , don't be afraid of being labeled a tease . it's fun to be a tease ! :) anyway , it was fun to imagine what you would've said . i'm sure ... i'm sorry , phony . i let you down . i hope we can get over this stumbling block in our relationship , and i hope we can still love each other . i have a confession to make : i wore pants for about an hour this morning , because i had to go somewhere . but i swear i took them off right when i got back home ! i hope you guys can forgive me ... damn , girl . you got a sweet accent . would you like to read me paula dean recipes tonight ? tasticallyfab xd i have one good friend irl , but i'm not very close to him . i see him maybe once a month on average . a lot of people love me , but i don't consider them as friends , and i would never call them ... stand next to summer glau and say : it's hot ... it must be summer . well , i guess that only works if their first name is summer . :) ^ ^ pictures , or it didn't happen . xd are there any barefoot enthusiasts here ? i love being barefoot , even when walking outside . does anybody here wear the barefoot shoes , like the vibram 5 fingers or the vivos ? i would've ... great idea for a thread , phony . here are 2 more questions i'd love to see responses to : - do you feel like you have enough friends ? - how often do you feel lonely ? i only do that when there's at least 1 person in the crowd who is troublesome . when such a person joins the crowd , i back off as if i don't even exist . my room is so eccentric , i don't even want to talk about it . :) i'm like that asian kid from the goonies . i've been getting cleaner / neater as i've been getting older , so it's not so much of a ... i wouldn't be surprised if it is a common trait of enfps . in particular , i remember from the art of speedreading people book that it seems to have a lot to do with the differences between judgers ... '