' ... and i thought i was an enfj for quite a while . i'm pretty positive i'm an enfp now . so , hello friends :D aww mel i miss you too ! ! i still think that you're a closet enfj =P you should come back and join us .. haha . this thread is epic win interesting .. i can definitely agree with the whole appreciating art and music and such . exercising as a stress reliever .. hmm , it probably is the best stress reliever for me , but i don't ... i'm obsessed with puns ! ! i annoy my friends all the time . i just wanna quit thinking about girls for a while . so troublesome . so much baggage and drama .. i love these rsa animate ones .. especially the empathic civilization : and changing education paradigms : ... i'm ridiculously happy right now . :D thank god for music ! music is good for the soul . i don't have anything constructive to say , i just thought this line was hilarious . : crazy : good luck pink ! ! :D probably a combination of what everyone has said already . we are busy with real life , usually . and at least for me , i don't like to respond unless i know what i'm talking about ( or can at least ... hehe , this is basically the big collective enfj hug thread thanks ! and i wish it was something that i could easily get over through positive thinking , but it's just gonna take time .. i actually don't worry about it that much during the day , but that's the ... crying myself to sleep every night is not fun . i hope this doesn't become a routine . let's see .. took piano lessons when i was like 5 ( quit after two years lol ) so i had early music training .. and then played clarinet in band all throughout middle-high school , apparently i was pretty ... yeah .. if she's told you that she's had a crush on you before , chances are she still has feelings for you . i would recommend you reply , but make it clear that you don't have feelings for her ... i thought this was worth sharing : laughing : happy valentine's day ! the ending to this version is so epic ! ! ! been listening to it over and over for a while now :) ok , i'll bite , so you don't get too depressed : tongue : what's your favorite animal and why ? : crazy : in short , no . i'm perfectly content with myself and my family and friends . no human being is perfect , and in any relationship there are bound to be letdowns . so i won't rest my happiness on some ... hehe , nice ! most of my friends turned out to be nfs or nts as well . ' twas quite exciting xd one more : i looove the civil wars ! debut lp is amazing . you guys sound like my isfj friend .. i'm busy , but not from working that much . : crazy : more like , what are you doing right ? my best friend is an entp and we debate and throw random stuff at each other all the time ( metaphorically speaking , not literally ... most of the time ) . it's ... mumford & sons rock my soul . smarter by eisley . great new song .. i'm addicted to it . i could post tons ... yup , i was just trying to incite some strong opinions :) the whole world is pretty much a mess . needs a lot of fixin ' , and it's not just one generation's fault . true ! there's always something that feels different when i argue or try to debate with s's . haha , wish i could figure out exactly what it is .. it seems like no one's really addressed this question directly yet .. so i'll try . at least for me , all those signs that fateandmusic posted up are 100 % accurate . haha , if an enfj male is giving ... common values are definitely very important . especially in nf's .. it's so important to us , i think , more so than the other types . i honestly think i wouldn't get along very well in a relationship ... it's only ' cause our generation is the best . haters gonna hate . this is true . but i also think maturity has more to do with it . i do think a lot of the people on this forum would agree that the infp-enfj match is an ideal match ( just do a search through the ... of the people i've met , enfp is definitely the most bubbly type ! but the esfjs in my life can be pretty bubbly too . my enfp friend is definitely the most spontaneous and wild though .. and not sure ... yeah , it can be tempting to try to create perfect matches out of types , but the reality is that people are too different to be boxed into 4 letters . try not to get too caught up on types and if ... i saw that on facebook . ridiculous . but just imagine the joy if you got something great that you had never expected ! ! :P oh , dang . that is disappointing . but i did see that you are a jazz pianist . that's awesome . jazz is super fun to play : happy : and whoa whoa wait , i just found this while searching for that on youtube : ! ! ! it's the same ... you've recorded a cd ? i wanna hear :P i'm a recording / music nerd , so i'm interested in that kind of stuff :p roud : lolz sorry , that'd be the silly enfj's fault . didn't mean to ruin your entj serious party . the entj i know must be really in touch with her f side or something ( or just really different from y'all ) ' cause she loves group hugs : confused : i couldn't have said it any better . obviously pink has some experience with enfj friends : happy : it's okay . i'm always here for you if you need anyone to talk to : laughing : seconded . verbal affirmation is key . even if you think that she already knows how much you love her , it'll mean much more to her if you say it out loud , and especially if you put the effort into ... yeah , this seems to be an enfj thing . i guess enfj girls do the same thing that enfj guys tend to do .. meaning have a lot of really close friends who are of the opposite sex . not all of them are ... actually , the one entj girl i know is absolutely one of the huggiest people i know ! which kinda makes this whole thing about your type being slightly insecure about handling your emotions even ... awww you entj's are so cute when it comes to feelings : wink : : crazy : well everyone is different and we can't box ourselves into a 4 - letter box : laughing : for me , planning depends on the situation . i love planning if it's planning events and future fun things ( and i ... 4 - wow , very impressive ! ! 5 - i also have an addictive personality .. perhaps not quite in the same sense as you're talking about , but in other ways . i tend to get really into something ( be it ... you , ma'am , are amazing . : happy : hmm , interesting . and if something monumentally huge happens , you're bound to find out from friends / acquaintances anyway , right ? : laughing : '