' alright , you tricky intjs , what's your biggest temptation ? what's the one thing that would make you contemplate giving up everything in order to gain / achieve / conquer it ? what do you want more than ... are any of you superstitious or religious ? i know it's odd to put those together , but i want to know how readily an intp would buy into things without very much evidence , if any . how much would it ... um , so far as long term jobs ? no . i mean , i really ... don't mind the job i have now . i work in a fuel kiosk , out in a box by myself for anywhere from 4-9 hours at a time . lots of downtime as it's not ... ahem . 1 ) it's not a girl thing . it's and infp thing . 2 ) no type or gender should be classified as too sensitive . more sensitive , perhaps , but even individuals should rarely be so classified . 3 ) in ... 1 . i once saw a chart picturing an infp's sarcastic functions that described si as the sentimentalist who hoards piles of useless momentos and artifacts ever since childhood , which i've found ... just retested my brother's type using a cognitive functions test instead of the more superficial type indicators they have online . with the type indicators , he tested as an infp ... but i didn't buy ... chad 0 , you're an embarrassment to all of us . if you're really curious about these guys and want them to like you enough for them to want to respond , you have to at least act intelligently ... try ... : hearteyes : okay , back to business . uhhh . no . i definitely attempt sometimes , but my verbal speech patterns don't quite allow for such communication . attempts may or may not include 1 ) ... i used to be a lot more trusting than i am now . in my more unhealthy stages , i was desperate for attention and connection , but i've since built boundaries on what i share with whom . now , it's hard ... infp journalist intuitive , subjective , carefree , and skeptical interesting combination . don't entirely agree with carefree , but the rest is accurate . apparently i need to work on my cognitive ... not necessarily a relationship question , although it encompasses relationships , but since you guys don't seem to have an ask an entj anything thread like other types do , i'm posing this question ... i've definitely faced this , and i haven't really attempted career path as of yet . completed two years of college , and i've been pestered and probed by just about everyone about what my career goals ... i don't really go by artist or genre , really . there are definitely some of both that i enjoy more than others , but even then , it's not clear cut . i like slow , passionate ballads , usually , although ... i've liked some jobs more than others , and the one i just got doesn't seem like it'll be too bad of a gig , at least so far . choosing a long-term career has been a headache , and i haven't started out ... i knew two for sure intps back in college . one was a roommate of mine , the other was a local guy that i knew . my roommate intp was ( still is ) an odd little duck , even from an infp point of view . she ... hey guys ! as the title indicates , i want to hear your thoughts on magic . do you believe in magic ? what is magic to you , in a real sense ? i have my own thoughts regarding the topic , but i want ... hahaha , how long ? my whole life , 20 years and some . still waiting for someone come along that shares a mutual interest in me . i know why i'm single . it's simple . no one's met my standards that have shown interest in me , and those i've shown interest in have had no interest in return . i've had the opportunity for a ... as for my own venting ... it's never enough , is it ? i put all of my energy and resources into helping sustain my parents and siblings , allow them to use and abuse to their hearts ' content , but they ... there is nothing badass about being at such a low point that you are unable to see the value in your own life or the flaws in your own thinking . he needs help , not praise . as i've said before , you don't know what or who is right around the corner . opportunities arise everywhere . you've just got to keep your eyes open . i'm not giving up on you . let that count for ... diogen , i get what you're after . something that came to my mind while reading this was find your signature . i think it's what you mean by hook . i can't help you figure out what that might be for ... arzazar szubrasznikarazar there is always hope , if you chose to see it . . arzazar szubrasznikarazar , why ? what would convince you to stay ? how it would effect your family ? what you could experience and enjoy if you stayed ? who told you it would be better this way ? who ... and where would that leave the world , if anyone who had ever once been in such conditions chose suicide ? to declare such conditions as forbidden is to sentence nations to death . it is to say that ... i don't believe it is , even then . i do not promote human suffering , but i do believe that these are experiences from which one can learn and grow . it need not be permanent , at least in the ... so pretty to just let play in the background . : joyous : looking at this from the cognitive functions side , i think it is possible to change , or even evolve , into a different type over time . children experiment with all of the functions while really young , ... kevinheaven , you can find porn elsewhere on the net ... that's not the real purpose here . this is the purpose --> 350282 3502 90 350298 3503 06 350314 danas , i can say for a fact that you are not a terrible person . we infps are often much to hard on ourselves and feel overwhelmed by our emotions . especially the negative one's . don't give up , and ... katfeatherfoot , that's a hard call ... you definitely need to tale a breather and figure out what you want , both short term and long term . that'll narrow down some options , in the very least . i know , ... ditto to 54-46 thatsmynumber . i'm certain nearly every infp has had experience with it at least a little . that being said , i know of myself that i've hit all 9 qualifications at certain points in ... . homesickness is setting in again ... i miss my little town , my little house , and little group of friends that feel more like family than the family i have ... i miss a part of my life that is over and ... welcome to perc ! ! glad to have such interesting people join ! ! :) now , how many hats are in your collection , and how ridiculous are we talking ? welcome to perc ! ! i'm a hunger games fan myself , although not so much into got or the others ... but all is good ! :) welcome to perc , purpleskies ! join the fun interaction that is internet friends ! :) salut , eurydice ! bienvenue à perc ! :) i took a year of french in college , so je sais un peu . it's rusty , and i need to get back into practice with it ... at any rate , i'm glad that you were able to ... welcome to perc , astrocat ! we do science and cats , and everything else as well ! :) welcome to perc ! it really is a great place to get to know people of all types and share ideas ! we welcome all input ! :) two of my best friends are enfps ! i've never met a guy that was , but i'm open to new people . :) since the only difference between the two types is ivse / switching the dominant and auxiliary ... proud ravenclaw . :) cookies and sarcasm and cats , oh my ! i like this one already ! :) welcome to the forum , odinsdaughter ! welcome to the forum ! glad to see younger ones interested in mbti . i was a freshman in college before i found it , and i certainly wished i had found it sooner . at any rate , as a fellow cat-loving ... ^ ignore the robot . welcome to perc , ztommi ! i believe you'll find what you're looking for here . i'm pretty new myself , but it's already proved to be a great place to connect and expand one's ... i'm picky with books , although i tend to prefer the classics . the last film i watched that i liked was jurassic world . i liked the concepts it portrayed and the brilliant storytelling . jane eyre , ... intense eyes in quiet types . when i see that , i just want to sit down and ask them about everything they know and see and understand and gah ... intelligence . pure , creative intelligence . also , ... actualized type : infp prefered type : infj attraction type : intj interesting ... it comes and goes for me . it's never gone so far to actually attempt , but i have imagined several dozen scenarios and the possible effects of them . what's kept me going ? a mix of cowardice and ... '