you're so close , yet so far from the perfect personality type . i have a problem . i seem to gather an interest in everything and due to that i can never focus on one interest . does anyone else have that problem ? does anyone have any tips on over coming it ? ( or ... xxfjs if they have emotional problems . if they are relatively normal they are good people . science / creativity . intp - intj entj - istp entp - istj - estj estp - esfp esfj - isfp enfp - infp isfj - infj - enfj in order from most logical to most emotional . the clumped ones are tied . implying psychic abilities are real . too long ; didn't read i have horrible short term memory , but once i understand something i retain it . if i do not understand something it slips past my brain within a few hours or days . i hate memorizing anything having ... i would say that being frugal isn't p vs j , but dominant vs non-dominant thinking . i'm pretty strict with my money usage . 7-9 , i just have a filter . i hated mello . he was so irrational and emotional . i know i'm bumping this thread from the grave , but i have one thing to say . keeping your balance stimulates your brain , so that might be one ... i got told to think for myself once . i wasn't very happy . the noise makes me want to run away from it . one thing i hate about being an intp ... or being me ... is that i think without words and i do a lot of sub-conscious thinking . i . e . , i do not use language nearly as much as i should to think so it is ... i agree about the idea still being true . i just hear people say hitler is an atheist all the time but he was interested in the occult and he mentioned god a lot in many of his speeches . he might have ... hitler was very clearly not an atheist . the way i work with equations is much like this . my brain is like an imperfect program in that regards . i don't use rote memorization for each rule and i don't have to remember rules in words if i ... it's definitely ti . mental calculation isn't an innate skill . first off you need to learn math right and after so long you should be able to calculate basic math . i can calculate the change i get just about right when i ... i'm not a big fan of philosophy . my problem is that some philosophical questions cannot be proven right or wrong . it isn't like math , there is no right or wrong answer . in regards to religious ... yes but so do many other things . accidental assassinations ? those don't happen often . stray bullet to the head ? those don't happen often either . many of the greatest men in history have been assassinated . you know you've had an effect on someone when you have a bullet in your head ... or you got caught in a drive by shooting . it would work though . i make sjs mad without even trying , i wonder what i could do if i even put out a little effort ? i should have swapped out where i typed intp with intj and vice versa . criticize the intjs with the intp criticisms ... entps don't filter like intps and intjs when they speak so it gets annoying hearing these random ideas fly out of their mouth . i sit with ideas for weeks to months to understand them . immature entps ... most of my thoughts were based on the two in a leadership position or military type action . is that the type of situation / occasion you are looking for ? i was half asleep when i wrote most of my ... no , that would be a logical fallacy . the inflexibility goes along with being too sure of yourself . if you are too sure of yourself ( i . e . self assured ) you will be inflexible . it's a sort of ... intjs are inflexible ... well at least all of the ones i have met . you can't be perfect , accept the criticism . i made sure to criticize the intps just as much as the intjs to be fair ( see , i used fe ) . i'm not creepy , i'm just awkward . there's a large difference . ti and ne . sudoku would have nothing to offer a feeler . a vietnam vet with severe radiation poisoning . oh , and intjs are too sure of themselves . intjs can tend to get narrow minded about an opinion and will not realize that they are wrong . that leads to weak leadership , due to them being to concrete ... intps are stronger thinkers than intjs . intps weakest function is fe , which deals with other people's feelings more than their own . the intj's tertiary function is fi , which deals with their own ... does he change much in the second half of the series ? so far i've only watched the first half . he doesn't seem as concrete as an intj on their decision making and he does not seem to use te . he ... planning ahead isn't just a j trait though . he also seems very quick to adapt when his plans are cut and more than often he roams . neuroscience is a major interest of mine as well but considering that it is a relatively new field it's hard to find good texts on it . also i hate rote learning so i get lazy on the aspect of ... i'm trying to learn calculus , basic physics , electronics , programming and some various other stuff i intend to pick up on just by reading . too bad i haven't really started due to this invention ... really ? i though he was an intp . eh , i wouldn't say i dislike their personality , but sometimes i dislike what it causes . are you saying that thinking allows people to realize the rules don't necessarily matter , and that sense of power and freedom is what makes them egotistical ? people who only believe in god , republicanism , liberalism , whatever their belief of choice , because they were raised that way , i . e . , they have not developed their own views on the world around them . i would like to say that ts can be even more egotistical . my opinion : the cognitive functions are various ways to cope with and understand a world that is not rational , rationally . i'm pretty sure there is a socially awkward penguin comic for that . you know you are an intp when you hypothesize that you can manipulate your brain and gain wanted qualities , and remove unwanted qualities by selective use and disuse . actually the insured option is to bring a pokeball containing your level 100 dragonite . not knowing a website link , or doing research and finding more data . there's more pages than just the first page of a search result . you would search the same thing twice if you forgot what you searched for . as am i . i wish i reached the level i am now 3 or 4 years ago , it would have given me more ability to see my opportunity and work on it before i am out of high school .