' an intp villain that didn't start off as a villain and ultimately their down-fall would be caused by their own machinations even with fore warnings of their colleagues who happened to be a entj and a ... no racism ? ! i would prefer not to turn the entire world into a tragic slice of life anime wait , here's some background music to make it even better ! oh and if you wait right until 0:57 at the end of the dog comic is makes it even better . enjoy your tears ! ... why .. why is this so utterly amusing to me !  oh no ! i actually have to buy stuff with money ! its like i can't afford it slash snarky indifference well you possess terraria and by that logic have a very palpable taste in games . a good intp liar would in theory get away with around 70 percent of the time since they are known for valuing the truth and know this lie doesn't have a high probability of biting them in the ass . oh thats easy , i just tell them i don't like them end of story . unless its unfeasible at the time then i'll tell them later . i like how any intps that've read them goes for the easy kill of bad writing it was a fucking children's book guys , if you didn't read it as an adolescent you miss out.at a time where we we're just ... oh this is just a serpent eating its tail and it never gets anywhere debate-wise , it's far too easy to argue for both sides depending on how emotionally invested are in this subject . i love this cover of between the bars we know she hasn't harmed anyone ... yet i guess the yandere was on a bit of the extreme side let me make a more comprehensive visual comparison . i hope you've seen the harry potter movies and if ... i know enough general knowledge about muscle building ( thank you gym rat coworkers ) that her body type is like almost like the 3rd woman from the left , and looking at some of the human plastic ... my sides ! ! i can't even ... just call the undertaker to come collect my body oh i got the manpower thing all figured out ! although why all the enfps i've gathered have bdsm gear i'll sort out later honestly just made me put further thought into the ideal body i'd like in a woman ( although this isn't entirely feasible at all ) i like this body type though . i see ... well then time to start the inquisition ! ! !  ha ! i got you ! her body has the look of the athletic type but without the muscles or the toned arms and it just looks weird . ahh so the early birds are making themselves known ... goood . * maniacal laughter with thunderstorm and lightning strikes * must ... resist ... temptation ... nope . sometimes i wish i could be wholly ignorant to the other side of arguments.once you understand the problem of both parties you just want to beat both to a pulp or leave . why ? simple really , half of ... every time i feel itchy all over my body i think to myself dust mites the dust mites are finally taking over i will never be itch free why me ! ? ! ? ! and then i realize that this is entirely not ... ahh ... absent-mindedness yes it plagues me so , but i've gotten alot better about it ! a few things i did were to 1 . check , re-check , check once more ! ( although it doesn't always help when you're ... oh so thats what thats what its called . yeah its pretty scattered but it works when it needs to not when i want it to . basically it's an imperium hive city * reads all the comments * i'm quite happy with my entj mother now ... there is always interrogation of the suspect with truth serum ! as much as i despise saying it mobile games , they are easy to access and typical entertain in small spurts i'm more interested in why they saw fit to ban you . and the zootopia video just reminded me of this video ... how has everyone ignored this fact ... there is one early bird ! ! ahh this ost i love it so ... i laughed entirely too loud at this , this is amazing humanity just keeps on throwing those gyro balls at me and i just can't quite seem to hit em . well done everyone ! well fucking done ! okay i just read most of whispers posts on this thread and i'm legitimately thinking she's a yandere plotting to kill her senpai for ignoring her ... this is bad isn't it . i've been found out abort abort abort ! damned straight i'm a coward ! i was onced asked if i was being chased by zombies who would i sacrifice to live a . my wife b . my mother c . brothers , i said all of the above . intp : antarctica . i don't even need a real reason for this answer we all know it's true on some mental level trying to find something for about an hour and a half because it isn't in your favorite junk resting spot sending you into imminent despair only to realize it is in your said junk resting spot ... i don't know what it is with me and limited edition food stuffs , they just call out to me in tiny voices and i obey like some horrible 60 ' s horror movie zombie i will officially be sad in 50 years when gordon dies . he has given me so many fruitful and bountiful laughs . i want pizza ... i can afford pizza ... but my waist line is slowly gaining grounds ... i must react before the muscles think too lowly of my leadership , they are already planning munity i can see it in ... i .. i scored a 35 ... yes ! i usually watch people ... alot ... almost too much . i'd want one of those clueless and painless deaths . i'd just see my body upside down and wonder to myself so thisis what that feels li ... if i bit into said pop-tart ... oh god ... no no no no ... ugh have no fear i have studied the mystical art of reading and viewing objects from any angle ! emotions ? oh i keep anger as my trusted guard sadness as an ill-advised advisor . i keep disgust and joy as my masochistic concubines . as for fear , he's still out there waiting ... lurking . emotions ...  just go away please ! ! ! about real-life problems ? i rarely cry . anime ending on a satisfying / heartbreaking note ? i manage to hold back the waterworks . i wanted to be a mecha pilot detective ... yeah i blame cowboy bebop re-runs for that '