' a little upset right now .. this weekend my boyfriend and a few of his friends are going up to these cabins for his birthday and i just got a call from one of their girlfriends asking if i was going ... lol i think my grandma is so badass . she's in the hospital right now because of an urinary tract infection which got into her bloodstream and made her paranoid ( she was having hallucinations and ... just found out how my sister's last relationship was ended . my sister is the kind of person who tells family nothing and her friend everything . she just spent a weekend in aggieland with said ... i still think she has alzheimers / dementia but it turns out she had a urinary tract infection i think my grandmother is in moderate or late stage dementia . she's been having trouble remembering things for years ( dates , faces , etc ) and one time even didn't know who my sister and mother were ... something i've been thinking about lately . every monster has a weakness , as do humans . so the question is ; does every monster have a shred of humanity in it ? or are we , as humans , plagued with the ... haven't been on here in awhile and i kind amiss it n-n couple things are bothering me ... i think i might be suffering from depression or maybe it's just me . probably have anti-social tendencies or ... well he somewhat made it sound like he had a right to and i just way too easily forgive people . i'm not good at holding trespasses against people ... should but i don't . got betrayed by some guy once ... i kind of want to hack my boyfriends facebook account and i know i shouldn't ... i just want to see how he talks to other people , who he talks to , and what he says about me ... i know of at least two ... i'm just going to stop believing the things people say . i'm just so tired of being let down or getting excited for no reason . and i wish to god i knew how to let people down so they could know how i ... i have that problem too i was very irritable today towards like everything . first it was this lady who lives near me who had a dog but no fence who lets the dog roam free ( into other peoples yards ) while she either yammers ... my younger twin beats me up . just got scratched up , choked , and kicked cos she got pissed about me having things on the table in the living room . she put everything in a trashbag , took pictures , ... ugh why do i always do this ? i always get so excited to do something and 9/10 times it ends up not happening . i should just not get dressed or anything until like 10 minutes before he's supposed ... my boyfriend told me earlier that he's thinking about joining the marines because many of his friends have made the decision and he's jealous of them . jealous that they are doing something with their ... well i think he's upset because i'm learning from asian guys and am attracted to asians . but not as much attracted to them as i am to him ( even though he's only 1/4 japanese xd ) . even so , at the same ... originally wasn't going to post anything today but my boyfriend just called me for the second time today ( i'm a little peeved cos it's 4 in the afternoon ) and the last time i talked to him was around ... ugh i'm so upset and frustrated right now . for the past few days my boyfriend has been talking about going to this japanese restaurant but has never given me a specific time or who even is going and ... it baffles me how little some people seem to care about their education . especially college education . sometimes i just want to ask these people who exactly is paying for their education and if they ... one more that i forgot about > _ < the first korean song i learned to sing . its a very sad love song , video makes it even sadder ... haruharu ( day by day ) - big bang ... i did but it just does the link , not the video > _ < i would love to get this as a tattoo if white tattoos were actually visible xd : breath-taking ... haha i did ittt xd couple songs here ... and yes , since i love asian music , there are a korean and japanese song on here but they have subtitles xd . i might have done it wrong , don't know .. ... oh what have i done what have i donneee ? ? i've just been implored by my professor to take part in a discussion that will take place during scheduled class time being questioned by some sort of ... mine is somewhat based off my name ( the following will be confusing ): well my real name is kaitlyn and i don't quite like it because of the meaning ( pure , the meaning of my name has always ... so my boyfriend has bet me $ 20 bucks that he can survive the night without speaking to me and i sent him a text some time ago . my question is , if you haven't heard from your girl in awhile ; would you ... my problem is , well at least according to my boyfriend , that many people are attracted to me ( apparently ) but i'm just too naive / spacy / modest / self-loathing to see it . i like people who come to me and ... alot of pictures , tried to make them smaller . my boyfriend kissing my nose : me with my viola : ... i usually attract older guys ( oldest i dated was 24 i think , when i was about 18 ) usually drinkers or rebels . jerks . pedobears ( see first ) verbal abusers stalkers ( one guy i know has been after ... try it again me reading sonnet 18 . took me like five times to figure out how to change the volume on my mic and by that time my voice was straining and sorry if it's really loud > _ < ... in a relationship with an amazing guy n . n longest one yet ; a year and counting . might not seem like a long time but its been rather memorable . i used to have a few bfs and usually dated older but ... it's my birthday tomorrow and i'll be 19 but i'm already thinking about just kinda canceling it ... my boyfriend and i were going to go to this japanese restaurant but needed about four other people ... i think i'm addicted to baking ... right now i'm in the middle of a dilemma trying to figure out if i want to make home-made chocolate chip cookies or cupcakes although the former sounds more ... i confess that i'm addicted to the confession thread ... yesterday was amazing but this morning i found out that last night my boyfriend added an ex of his back that earlier in our relationship i had ... tonight instead of going to see a movie in the theater , my boyfriend forced me to come with him to hang out with some people we hung out with in the summer . he knows how little i enjoy socializing ... i read this and immediately thought of myself . when i was little i used to be one of those unruly children who was always running around smiling and talking and always having fun and had tons of ... my mother just got off the phone awhile ago with my grandmother from my father's side . she told us ( myself and my twin sister ) after she hung up that my grandmother had been apologizing for missing ... i don't engage is riskful behavior and sometimes i loose respect for people who do . in my english class there was a girl who wrote a persuasive essay on why the drinking age should be lowered to 18 ... i don't like it but sometimes i feel like i don't feel a thing . sometimes i worry that i might have psychopathy ( watched dexter , scared me how much i sorta seemed like him ) but at other times i feel ... i went to class today and discovered that during my single absense a girl i thought was sort of like me had decided to take my seat so she could sit next to the girl i sat next to . this kind of ... i've noticed that about me too . i'm very quiet and it's like people avoid me because of it even though i'm just a little ( 5 ' 1 ) defensless spacey person . i've got trouble speaking up too cos when i ... i don't think i have a specific style ... i have alot of blue or reddish color shirts and my tops are mostly v-neck or lowish cos i have issues with things around / near my neck . i love jeans and don't ... i'm sitting in a little study area at my college waiting for my sister to get out of class and pondering groups .. well kind of . what draws certain people to each other , that kind of thing . and i'm ... for some reason it was dark earlier today . or at least today is the first time in a week or so that i've gone outside at around 8 to walk my dog . we live near this little wooded area and before i ... i do like 4 of these > _ < got nervous sitting in a silent car with my boyfriend so i started talking but he was tired so didn't feel like talking so i sat there freaking out cos i thought he was mad ... i don't seem to have much control of my facial expressions , when i was in rotc ( worst decision of my life ) we would have to stand in line for inspection and my friend told me my face did weird things ... damn , why're you so loud ? ? these sorta made my day xd not really , although i don't reallly know any '