intp tmlt get cancer i've seen the umineko anime , wasn't a fan . but i liked bernkastel and lambdadelta . i'll check out the vn soon isfj has no depth anyways . kiss : intj marry : entp bed : esfp intp , estp , enfj kiss : meh marry : ehm bed : hme hmm isfj ? tmlt be passive aggressively sarcastic tmlt be bluntly sarcastic and direct hmm isfj ? tmlt be passive aggressively sarcastic tmlt be bluntly sarcastic and direct kiss : esfp marry : enfp bed : enfj kiss : esfp marry : enfp bed : enfj kiss : istj marry : infj bed : enfp istp , isfj , estj i love higurashi . have you seen the second season ? it's not as common , so a lot of people don't know about it . both are great , though , imo . also , you can take the cognitive functions test here : ... isfp tmlt rearrange the furniture in a house for no reason other than how it looks . tmlt rearrange the furniture in a house because it makes them feel better . tmlt rearrange the furniture in a ... i agree with all of this , and i'm actually liking season 5 so far . i'm so glad it's going in a more season 1 - esque direction even if it's not exactly what i wanted . kiss : esfp marry : enfp bed : entp istj , enfj , infp i don't think it has to do with being a fan of the comics , it's that the writing is just bad , in my opinion . season 1 or 2 weren't accurate to the green arrow comics either but i still enjoyed them ... ixtp tmlt lose a debate kiss : istj marry : enfj bed : entp ugh i know . the new writers are terrible . : rolleyes : the flash and legends of tomorrow are still promising , though . kiss : infp marry : istp bed : entj esfj , infj , intp oliver : damaged esfp laurel : enfj moira : infj sara : i can see isfp working but i honestly think she is a si-dom what with her past in the league of assassins still haunting her . if you watch her ... jungian cognitive functions test give him this test and see what he scores . kiss : esfp marry : infj bed : entp estp , estj , infp intj most attractive : entj , infj , istp , isfp , intj somewhat attractive : entp , estj , infp , isfj , istj , intp , enfp can go either way : enfj , esfj least attractive : esfp , estp intj - i like psychological / thriller anime . mirai nikki higurashi no naku koro ni higurashi no naku koro ni kai elfen lied death note i swear to god i'm not a psychopath . intj nighttime , stormy / rainy weather , but only if it's very subtle and quiet . also if i have to wake up early and there's no one awake yet , it's nice to have sunlight barely peaking through the ... well , this is a lot of information to take in for someone new to personality cafe . in terms of mbti : e ( extrovert ) n ( intuition ) t ( thinking ) j ( judging ) extroversion vs introversion paying ... i hope you enjoy your time on personalitycafe . i adore entjs and it's great to have some more around here . :) i think fish mooney is an entj . her te bluntness , decision making and leadership is so strong it's ridiculous . yes , she's manipulative , but it's for her own personal gain and probably from te + se . if ... i agree with these . what do you guys think of the other characters ? did they give miranda sings a tv show ? : confused : i always thought miranda was supposed to be a caricature of unhealthy esfj . projecting herself onto others and making everyone know she's the ... esfj tmlt be a stalker estp tmlt be the most extroverted . tmlt be the most introverted . sara is an istj , definitely not an esfp . she does use te and fi , but she's a loner and clearly a si-dom as her past from the league of assassins haunting her is still a huge part of her . ray is ... estp with anger issues tmlt get appendicitis hmm , that one's tough . the lyrics give off an nt vibe and the vocals and song style are total esfp . some type of se and fi user enfp tmlt be a racist . tmlt to binge-watch all available seasons of a tv series on netflix consecutively throughout one weekend . esfp tmlt eat their feelings hmmm estj ? tmlt get superpowers hmm estp maybe ? infj tmlt be a hipster tmlt be a conformist infp logic : if you don't respond to something with either crying or laughter you are emotionally numb . mmmh istp maybe ? tmlt get an std . fe-dom maybe ? tmlt be the most overrated type tmlt be the most underrated type hmm , a really popular entj tmlt get friendzoned infj tmlt break the law . esfp hmm esfj tmlt develop a phobia of using the 5 senses . i would too if i was stuck living as an entp . how unfortunate for you . not being a human is one step closer to world domination and along with it the glorious extinction of the entps . cupcakeanese , whatever you want to call it . it's clear the infp can't form a full sentence .