' to joke about the holocaust is a sacred right  who needs guns when you can just pay someone to do your dirty work , with money you printed out of thin air . the assessment that love exists because of vulnerability is correct , but animals can love for the same reason , especially the more k-selected species . most people don't think about love , despite ...  we'll find out when the fog of censorship settles . truth > your feelings oy ! muh 6 gorilllion there are two separate issues here that don't necessarily have anything to do with each other . when talking about failure communism and capitalism are looked at from an economic perspective , while ...   i'm just speaking in terms of formal logic ; another premise would be required to define what p is and from that might be inferred that ~ p was the case , not merely from that something is the case now ... i did not mean future state of affairs doesn't exist , i mean that that if you mean by the notion of universe that it entails all things are spatially and temporally related , then it does not ... i would like to distinguish patriotism from a blind faith in the government . a real patriot will criticize the government because he loves his country and wants to leave it as a heritage to posterity ... it depends on what you mean by universe . if it is simply the set of all things , then granted , however if by universe we suppose there are spatial and temporal relations between all things within it , ... if you define humans as being causally determined then you get a contradiction , but if you define humans in a looser sense then it is at least logically possible that a part of human beings is ... the triggering has begun ^ ^ all hail farage , and to a bright future of britons o / o / o / o / o / o / o / o / ... munchausen by proxy . the most evil thing you can do to people is deprive them of criticism  ... antifa wimps attack woman then gets their asses handed to them by trump supporters ^ ^ we , the proles , cooperate to create a system where the bourgeois have to compete for our labour ^ ^  zoobicknizer there are plenty of articles about it if you look up monogamy and vasopressin and oxytocin . my hypothesis is that the two reproductive strategies , r vs k come with various mechanisms ... i have a theory that there is a less well known biological drive , especially among them who do not have this , that suppresses sexual thoughts and desires until you are strongly bounded to them , but ... it's already happening   pigeon chess : knowing that goy's evasionary tactics , my prediction is if it quacks like a duck ... without actually mentioning any criteria , which is not really a proof ^ ^ that depends on the adminisration . if it's intent to enforce pc , it would only recruit moderators who do that . pretty much any board i've seen has a list of policies and those do not magically change ... i would rather that women were dressed as in the video here but thats unfortunately not the norm nowadays . for the video it would be rather unfitting the context , as i don't think the more modestly ...    young turds ... nazis ... what's the difference ? ^ ^   ...  '