' this is the type of attitude that disturbs me the most . books are nothing more then literature . the meaning and value you place on them ; sources of knowledge is not the same meaning i put on them ; ... members inability to avoid personal remarks at the expense of the discussion . attack the discussion , not the discusser . members taking attacks against their arguments as attacks against them ... there are many threads about how we stereotype ourselves into our functions , but i have been unable to locate one on how we break them . given that intj's are often stereotyped as not believing in the ... ha ! i have used all of those with absolutely no success . perhaps as the op implied ; i am not online handsome enough . : cool : ... it's probably because i'm an intj though . ;) ask them a question . when people take a very private problem between others and make it public knowledge to the rest of the world to comment on . a quick way to get on my shit list . there's a distinct difference in naturally being difficult and doing so on purpose . if you are confused , might i suggest just , and this might be a difficult concept for a lot of people ; talking ... i've been here two days and already encountered two members i feel compromised by for entirely different reasons . :d ry : not the best way to start . when it becomes clear that it isn't what you believe that is the problem , it's why you believe it . when even foolishly considering the possibilities of something being true , it doesn't mean it ... sweet delicious irony ; your delectable flavor never fully satiates my appetite . could change depending on what your office enviroment is , but i'd suggest something along the lines of ... 1 . if you think i'll question it , briefly explain the reasons you want me to do something , ... i'd apologize for the analysis , but you're in my territory so ... if he's an intj , you should be fine . i doubt very much he would remain with you for so long if he wasn't interested in you . ... i'm not sure awkward is the right word i would use personally , confused makes more sense . i've been in more than one situation where people have mentioned it was awkward but that i brushed it off or ... considering he does pay my wages , i will explain myself a little more in depth since it's a requirement of the job . when people ask for my reasons , i'll give them ; most don't care to . they will ... seems like you have a legitimate reason to feel slighted . educators in general will tell you that each person learns differently . if someone isn't willing to work with you and your way of doing ... this is why i hate civility ; it is lying in the guise of kinship . as far as the original question , no ; they are not the same thing . questions should always be taken literally . anyone who has ... '