' more than anything else , i'm scared to death of not being a good enough partner . i'm not a demanding type and don't require much of my other half , so that's no worry , but there's always this fear ... haha zoem , i can relate . food ( and sometimes even the thought / possibility of it ) gets me excited . i think we're sometimes seen as childish because we don't seem concerned with the parts of life ... air for life ( with andy moor ) tri-state above & beyond you should go out more ! you should be more outgoing ! you'd look amazing if you worked out ! anything and everything from what i'm going to eat after getting out to how i should deal with something to yet another addition to my things i want to make list . i seem to spend most shower time ... left brain right brain 38 % 62 % your left brain percentages fellow isfps , which do you more frequently find yourself feeling : understated or overstated ? are you more subtle or vibrant in your self-expression ? dunno if it's what you're talking about , but sometimes when i put on my headphones , turn on some music , and fire up photoshop the rest of the world just disappears and i'll wake up hours later with ... mine is pretty boring / tame at the moment , being short with its natural dirty blonde / brownish coloration . i've had it down past my armpits a couple of times , though . i've never done it before , ... dillettante has it right i think . at least in my case , talking to girls is no problem and even fun in a normal day-to-day or conversational context , but the moment i try to approach the same girl ... to me , some of these are great , but others not so much . i love images that contain colorful space scenes or anything warm , alive , and soft . sharp styles are interesting under the right circumstances , ... as an isfp , i think the craziest thing i've ever done was quietly drink a chu-hi ( google it if you're not familiar ) and eat a bowl of microwave soba noodles while sitting in my apartment and surfing ... yeah , i've been accused of being a stoner several times . people are usually shocked when i tell them otherwise . i'd say it's due to my calm , laid back , quiet demeanor and because my eyes usually ... while i am not exceptionally talented at anything in particular , i have gravitated to various creative activities since i was young . many hours of my youth were spent doodling anything from plans for ... personality , intelligence , temperament , etc are all key factors for me . while i may find myself sexually attracted to a beautiful woman , if she has a terrible personality that is at odds with my own ... as an isfp , i've always been terrible at math and even worse at any maths from algebra up . i can't remember how to do anything in it to save my neck and it's frustrating as hell . i've found , ... currently , i am a college student that's taking off a semester or two to get back on my feet financially . i haven't settled on what i want to do for a career , but i'm fairly certain it's something ... if you're wondering what self-frustration is , well … basically , at times i find myself incredibly frustrated about something about myself . usually , it's something negative ( or at least that i see ... such inconsistencies really bother me , too . if i don't have to talk / deal with the person again then i'll usually let it go , but for someone i'll be speaking with at least semi-regularly , i usually ... i listen the a variety of different music going from classic rock like pink floyd , the moody blues , and tom petty & the heartbreakers to modern stuff such as foo fighters , matchbox 20 , linkin park ... well , here's a photo i recently took for a different photo thread : and one from last november , taken while i was doing a recording gig ... to be entirely honest i'm not even sure i know how to flirt : confused : haha , i feel like this every time i view somebody's profile on purpose ( usually to sate some form of curiosity ) . i can't help but worry that the owner of the profile might think i'm some sort of ... alright , keep in mind that i have zero industry experience , but here's what i've gathered from speaking to others who are involved with the industry compiled together with my own observations . ... a significant factor for me is how good she is at conversation . it's really nice finding a girl who can do her part to keep a conversation running without me needing to constantly kick-start it back ... that would be me - eldest in the family and an isfp . my younger brother ( 2nd oldest sibling ) is an istp and my sisters ' ( 1st and 3rd oldest siblings ) types are unknown . both of these posts describe me as well . at college , people are always telling me to speak up , to be more assertive , and to just do it when it comes to things that require a decision to be made ... the statement has truth to it , though . apple designs their operating system to work with a very specific subset of hardware , making it much easier to test and get running well under all supported ... yes , for power users the command line is an invaluable tool . i'm just saying that grandma , dad , and the 13 - year old daughter are not going to find much use for it and will be greatly confused if they ... oh i agree , i use the terminal constantly on my mac , even for things as simple as ftping stuff to my server . despite that , it simply has no place in the usage of the technically illiterate , also ... the potential for linux to succeed on the desktop is going to be severely hampered until the command line is absolutely , positively , 100 % always unnecessary for everything under nearly every ... those certainly wouldn't be bad places to live , and two years ago i probably would have agreed wholeheartedly . staying in tokyo for two years skewed my opinion some ... it's nice to have anything you ... just as the title suggests . which places on our little blue planet are best suited for isfps in your opinion ? i would answer myself , but i really have no idea where i want to live : confused : the ability to remember that i had dreamed the previous night definitely comes and goes in cycles . sometimes i'll go for weeks or months without any notable dream memories and then all of the sudden ... i like games with vast worlds with no walls ... the ones that take some time to fully explore . more standard linear games are alright too i guess , but they don't hold my attention for too long after ... i'm in a similar situation ... 22 and haven't done anything . no sex , no kisses , no relationships . beginning to wonder if that will ever change , with nobody of the opposite gender having shown interest ... '