' associate in professional flight technology normal is only a setting on a washing machine . i can fit into a few of the aforementioned categories , but only on a broad sense . the more you look , the less standard things get . i'm not normal nor ... all i've heard the last two days is the constant nyroom of the red bull aircraft flying around . i'm half hoping that the race doesn't come back next year . what about the transfer window ? will you wait in orbit until it arrives ? if you do , you need extra delta-v to not fall back to earth . if only that was an option . unfortunately i really should take these flight classes i paid $ 15,000 for . could somebody please give me a crash course on interacting with infp's . just a few main ideas to keep in mind is all i need . preferably can fit on a post-it note . oh hey , i'm around . let's see how long this lasts . and so the great lock-in begins . i'd like to share this important message : a billionaire is rebuilding a near-exact replica of the titanic , dubbed titanic ii . the ship is currently under construction and its maiden voyage is set ... i'm probably wrong , but in it's simplest terms , engine torque is turning / rotating power . i'm assuming you know how a basic 4 - stroke motor works . when the piston is forced down in the combustion ... whelp , military medical review came back today . unfortunately , i'm barred from the armed forces . stupid cancer . my only requirement is that the chair is on a swivel , and said swivel is controlled by a thumb stick on the arm . 1 ) friendships with istp's are fairly simple . the biggest thing to watch for isn't getting too close , but being too distant . it's really easy to just drift apart if you arn't super close to begin ... can't really go wrong with hobbies . many istp's have many hobbies . chances you two have at least one in common , or someone has an interest in the other's hobby . beyond that , anything technical / not ... too complex . my brain is a jet engine . nice and simple . just add power . over the years , i have done many things to emasculate myself . so much so that many people close to me question my sexual preference . i couldn't care less . fuck ' em . today though ... today i'm being ... it is well and truly spring over here . i can tell because i can't fucking breathe ! sounds like typical nervousness . when he's with his friends , he's using se , and is generally doing things more naturally . when he's with you , he's reverted to ti and generally more reserved . he's ... yes it is . that phrase will forever and always be a challenge to idiots everywhere . genuinely good re-makes of classic songs are what i live for . like now , i've found a nice rendition of ' sound of silence ' ( originally done by simon and garfunkel ) by the heavy metal band ' disturbed ' ... ah yes , time to settle down for a nice quiet evening of spiritual crisis . yes , but i don't like being interrogated upon my return . my personal hell is being a morning riser in a house of late sleepers . what the hell do i do with the 3-4 extra hours i have on the weekends ? it's not that i hate this job ; it's that i hate showing up for shift at seven in the fucking morning . i'm what most people refer to as a morning person , and i still think it's too early for this shit . my current hobbies include looping a song for hours on end and rocket surgery . time to kill a few hours while i download 250 songs . goodbye amazon , hello independence . i have delved into the world of books , and promptly forgot how to internet . how the heck did i stare at this screen cycling through the same four pages for hours a day . back to books i guess . doubt ... i'm going to call bad data here . i can't say much , but i feel the data is skewed . children and pre-teens tend to watch a lot of tv . after that , the numbers drop rather significantly . personally , i ... your question : your answer : these are all very good signs he likes you . i think you're better suited to label things , but slowly remove them with time . makes it easier when you forget were that one switch went . shorter flights ( 0-3 hours ) music or a few digital games will suffice . longer flights ( 6hrs + ) will be better suited for sleeping or binge watching movies / tv shows . if you are in coach and want to ... this is an awful month from a financial standpoint . i'm just losing money left and right . hopefully march serves me better . today is sunny , clear , and 60 degrees . a hike is called for . in my mind , this makes you sound like everybody's favorite supporting character in a book . 482233 as an istp with adhd , i feel obliged to answer this question . the answer is the stimulation . adhd can be stimulated from anything , sporadically . that would be the attention deficit part of it ... you know you're an istp when your comfort zone is somewhere between crazy and insane if you google or go to loser.com , donald trump's wiki page comes up . define exercise i don't work out in the traditional sense . you'll never catch me at a gym lifting weights , or running down the street . rather , i build strength through aerial silks * , rock climbing , ... holy hell . the temperature spiked up to 46 today and i feel like a waste of creation for not being outside enjoying it . got back from camping this weekend . exactly what the doctor ordered . dear ex-coworker : you left in such a whirlwind today i didn't realize what was happening until it was too late . hell , you said bye , but i couldn't hear well so i said hey in return . go me ... how does one go about inducing a small coma ? i'm looking for the neighborhood of about 18 hours or so . we had a fresh few inches of snow fall over night and if hadn't been cleared yet . the great thing about highways is they don't change very much . as long as you don't do something stupid , you'll be ... when everybody's doing 30 mph , and you're going 50 because this is a highway , darn it . snow means nothing here . it happened today . i fell in the loop . i think i'm fighting off some sort of illness , and today is the worst of it . i hit overtime for work as well today , with tomorrow , friday , and a mandatory ... i've been riding the rim of a ti-ni loop for the past week or so . i've had just enough sensory experiences to keep me out of the loop , but barely . it's not very fun being here , but there's not much i ... it's so nice to see progress being made . spent many an hour configuring my raspberry pi into a minecraft server . long story short , our internet is fucked up , and we can't lan party , hence the server . now i need to figure out how to make it ... saw jeff dunham live last night and cried from laughing . good times were had that night . 1 ) i just impulse bought an entire cheesecake . i approve of this decision . 2 ) a small space heater that purrs like a diesel generator is my new favorite way to describe a cat . '