i like healthy xntps a lot . i have a hard time with assertiveness . i've had to try and develop it a bit more once i got into the military . at first i thought it was a 4 thing , now i'm wondering if it's a nf thing ? i feel socially awkward a lot too and i'm an infj . i'm an infj in the military . i can tell you that it's hit and miss with certain people . it seems like the types that like it the most are xstjs . all of my upper leadership are xstjs , and i've noticed ... i like your avator . it's super creepy but cool . i'm not an entp but i agree with this . libertarians should not be placed in the same category as conservatives . i agree that those won't change . heck , there's studies that show we choose our partners by scent without consciously realizing it . apparently , scent is a good indicator of that person's genetics and ... i hate seeing threads on pua and player tactics . i could definitely see that ! violet and lavender :P i love purples myself but i didn't think it'd be fair to add several shades of purples lol . i can understand what you're saying . i had a guy friend in high school that was an infp . we dated for maybe a month . he was very clingy ... i think i could've gotten over that . i just couldn't get ... thank you for this . it was a very interesting read . it's the first time i've heard of ennegram types having counter-passions . i have a 6 in my tritype so i already knew about the counter-phobic ... i can understand that . it seems like enxps are pretty popular with infjs ! i was asking your favorite color goober : wink : this is original ! : laughing : if you don't give a shit , why bother posting on this thread ? :P im not a yellow fan either . i love dark purple and turquoise : happy : i found this website on color psychology , and found the descriptions for my favorite color to be accurate : having either purple or violet as your favorite color means you are sensitive and ... what are your favorite colors ? : kitteh : what are your favorite colors ? : kitteh : hahaha ! : laughing : one of the best descriptions i've seen about the instinctual variants . self-preservation : ( sp ): this instinct ’ s “ eye ” habitually lands on the various conditions of the physical self – ‘ me ’ ... i have many daydreams that will never come true ! lol ! i do have life goals though : 1 - i want to work in the medical field . i just want to get my foot in the door , and from there i will find my ... i would say attractive if i was going off just meeting them . otherwise , i tend to look at whomever i'm talking to the longest . you know there's been studies on this ? people look at attractive ... chipotle :D and i'm drinking tea . i'm a tea addict . 90142 jonne aaron from negative . he's a type 4 too . goosebumps , harry potter , animorphs , where the red fern grows . i liked a lot of ghost stories as a kid . keirsey thinks nts and nfs are the best pairing for each other ( according to his theory ): the most common type of pairing is the complementary type . rationals and idealists complement each ... i found these statistics interesting : idealists were 73 % satisfied with idealists . idealists were 64 % satisfied with rationals . idealists were 51 % satisfied with artisans .  ... * ahem * i'm quite enjoying this bi-curious and orgy talk . * adjusts glasses * please continue :P i've dated an esfp before . it didn't work out for me : crying : i've been attracted to esxps but i end up with a broken heart in the end . it could be an age thing though . it was high school ... sorry they are taken ! my friend are either married , engaged , or in a relationship . people walking past would be like wtf ? hahaha : laughing : you'd have people coming to take photos with your headstone . i think it's a big compliment though . the girls that i talk to like ' rapey ... : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : 90116 a lot of n users seem to like teaching college classes . i could see nts teaching more stem related material and nfs teaching arts and humanities . possibly medical too . i had a female intj friend in high school , and she wanted to be an archeologist . i could see intjs enjoying it more than entps . as for advertising campaigns , an enfp friend is doing something ... why did you decide you're not cut out for science ? derange at 170 my so is an estj ( type 6 ) . he's surprisingly gentle with me but is very detached when dealing with others . it's strange because i know that estjs can be abrasive at times . other types i find ... good luck and welcome to the forum ! what personality types do you prefer ? i'm going to have to agree with this . if she put you in the friend zone , move on . personally , i don't think it sounded selfish . it seems like you guys have conflicting values more than anything . welcome ! i'd like to work in the medical field . i want to help other people . i wear make-up regularly . i like the natural look . i use foundation , eyeliner , mascara , blush , and highlight some areas of my face . otherwise , i don't fuss with glitter or crazy eyeshadow colors . phase ii ( 20s - 30s ) once the dominant function reaches a certain threshold of strength and dominance , infjsx 92 inferior function , extraverted sensing ( se ) , enters the picture and begins to play a ... when i was a little girl , i freaking loved dinosaurs ! all the other little girls were reading books about care bears and my little pony but i was all about the dinosaur books . i think jurassic park ... i'm stealing this from the entp forum ;P