he hasn't needed to debate intellectually and if he tried to he'd lose . think about it like boxing . he's a brawler and you're saying if he stuck to the outside he'd lose . well yeah that's not his ... not in any way a trump supporter , but the people saying he's stupid need to reassess the situation . he just took out a field of 17 candidates including many successful governors . i don't agree with ... i work in data analysis / stats for a fortune 500 if you have any specific questions . that's simply not true . you can see it in the way he plays crowds and the media . heck look at how he made ted cruz clap for him after he essentially tore down ted cruz . he's also a textbook ... probably the strongest connection i've ever felt with someone was an intp girl i was friends with for years . it ended poorly ... i wrestled and did judo competitively for years and now just workout pretty hard for fun.nts value competence and to me fitness was something else i wanted to be good at . exercise describe a ... my job is essentially doing software development in business intelligence of a megacorp so , it's essentially using a computer instead of your army of slaves ;) . but , all it breaks down into is ... going with the obvious , does he have a playstation ? hey guys , i'm not really sure how to interpret this situation with a friend and was looking for some thoughts . so me ( entp guy ) and a girl ( intp ) have been pretty close friends for a couple years ... really depends on the day . i've worked on everything from making a tool to figure out how to allocate our inventory , to developing tools and dashboards on how well products sell together , which are ... so , i may have just gotten really lucky but i got hired in it as an analyst out of college working with tableau / sql / r / and vba . it might be a bit different but , i'm not even sure how a support role ... once i found out that there was an algorithmic way to solve them ( like a rubik's cube ) , i lost interest . but can you see why kids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch ? beware of snappy retorts i mean what do you want to know ? ? ? if you like her go for it . mbti isn't the end all be all of anything . you get one life dude , don't let a theory ( mbti ) dictate your life . just live it ;) . if you want to go for it absolutely do it :) :) . i've known two isfjs , one is my grandmother , who raised my mom and aunt by herself and is one of the strongest people i know.the other is one of my ... well , there median viewer age is 65 + , so i'm just going to give it 10 to 15 years and most of their base will die off ;) . you'd think that always being completely wrong would make them lose their ... come on , you can't hold fox news against us :( . uhhh what's with the schizophrenic acid trip ? he questions facts he doesn't agree with all the time on his show . and he uses facts to sell the story he wants too . entp 8w7 is my guess . haha don't get me wrong , i enjoy my job . but , i do sit behind a computer doing stats and programming mon-fri 8-5 so , i get really restless . the op admitted he's lost jobs because he'd leave early and ... deal with it , the world won't change because you don't feel like working 8 hours a day ( although it does get boring ) . for helpful advice i have final fantasy v and five nights at freddys on my ... right but , that wasn't the debate that was going on although it may be a part of it . the debate maher had was with him saying islam is inherently a bad religion more or less . also , i don't think the ... what if the parent is about to cut the child's head off for wanting the pink power ranger instead of the green power ranger ? i don't get how it's racism ? you have a large percentage of muslims who do hold these terrible ideals . and are actively doing their best to make these terrible ideas into reality . it's not racism to ... has anyone considered that the difference isn't the religion but how dedicated to the religion they are . every religious text has a ton of crazy stuff in it . the difference between the western ... oops double post ... here are some of what i've been listening to lately . overall it's like a 50-30- 20 divide between rock , hip-hop , dubstep / techno / ... ... so there seems to be some confusion on here about whether there some people are entj or entp or some weird hybrid amorphous type with strong both . so please someone correct me if i'm wrong , it comes ... i don't know but , i really like tumblr and i think that they should have more posts about important things like student loan debt , ebols , and twilight fan fic ... i did it didn't i xd . give someone meth or pcp or both , and pretend they were possessed when they freak out . it effects me without realizing it . if i'm ticked at something generally i'll lash out and make snide comments relating to it and not even realize i did that until way later . it doesn't ever really make that supposition though . the title ' what is wrong with entp females ? ? ? ' doesn't ever call male entp attractive nor does the op ever really go beyond calling guy entps ... read up on the functions and i'm pretty sure i'm entp ( but other guesses are great too :) ) not sure on ennea though :( . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for ... maybe , in all honesty i have no clue what will be in style in 20 years . for now i kinda just want to get rid of my student loan ( ~ 40k ) , and get my masters , so i can teach math at a community college ... not really , so they generally do the basic stuff ( standard forecasts and basic functions ) . they're more fancy calculators than anything . what i do is design processes that turns the raw data into ... going to chime in here the other way , i work as a business analyst . i tend to be pretty unorganized in general . i get things done but , thank god for the computer's search function . that being said , ... i agree with you , but i can see how that ideology can work with some people.everyone i've talked to has conceded that some regulation needs to occur , normally i bring up drugs how making money =/ = a ... i'm generally pretty close to being a socialist . if your talking in the us , then i find it hard to think anyone who pays attention to the news goes much farther right than libertarian . republicans in ... so please tell me at some point the words ' helicopter dick ' came up : laughing :: laughing : . so , apparently an infj thing is the ability to read people . the few people who i've met who had an inxj demeanor have always commented on how they can never read what i'm actually thinking or up to ... if you guys are referring to this one ht tp :/ / pa rade.conden ast.co m / 226063 / viannguyen / whats-the-average-income-for-your-personality-type / ( remove the spaces , i can't post links yet :( ) then i ... nvm wrong thread so the math thread a couple pages back got me thinking about programming . how many people on here know how to program and are nts and would you rather it be called an art form , science , or just ... have you experienced issues with self-esteem as ne-ti or ti-ne ? i had really bad self esteem in elementary through high school . i would always think of 1000 what ifs based on the smallest thing from ... you should try the card shops around your house . there's more nts than i can count at the magic the gathering and yu-gi-oh tournys i've gone to . and pretty much every town has at least a small one . well i work at a huge corporate company as a programmer . some of the people are okay but , only a couple i'd talk to regularly though . most of the time if i don't have anything to do i'm playing final ... everyone used to be the youngest person in the world at one point . there are more numbers between 0 and 1 than there are integers from 0 to infinity . the guy who'd check hitler's speeches really ... yeah , i have that all too hell as a 6w7 . and i used to listen to that voice but , in the past couple years i decided to not let what ifs keep me from trying out a good idea . it's just from what i've ... well to be fair , it's not the first time . i've done it before for job interviews that were far away . wal mart parking lots are generally fairly safe . why estp over istp , i couldn't see se as dom . i'm ...