' i'm interested in eventually adopting a child whose life would more than likely change for the better from my involvement , but i really don't want to bring a child into the world . existance to me is ... my sex is male , but my gender is mostly feminine . ironically i have brown hair , but my beard is red . :| also , the only intp female i know has red hair as well !  leonard bernstein and his gorgeous face . i'm debating where i want to apply to grad schools , and as a bassoonist , the choice of school basically comes down to the bassoon teacher at the school . i'm researching these people's biographies , ... jeremy denk , pianist . congratulate yourself , beethoven there are children who need homes already . i don't need to make my own . my woodwind quintet is giving a recital . the program is copland , hindemith , danzi , and berio , but it will involve a man in a penguin suit playing the role of stagehand , meowed christmas carols , ... i'm inclined to think that maturity doesn't exist . it's just something extroverted judging functions make up . i never get angry . a little over a year ago some bitch ( i say that objectively , not angrily ) drove her car into me during exam week while i was crossing the street , and my reaction was to joke ... episode 9 , season 4 : frock the vote ! - preview 2 | video clips , watch full episodes online miss phi phi o'hara . sharon needles , performance artist , contestant on rupaul's drag race season 4 very revealing interview : fofa #1529 – hitting the mainline with sharon needles – 03.09 . 12 « feast of fun this ... 32700 my puppy using his ti . if there's anything that brings out my fe , it's my puppy . based on the style of your writing , you're for sure an intp . i'm going to sum up that paragraph for you in what are basically your own words . in junior high i had success in study but not in ... rachel maddow show - on rush limbaugh and mitt romney on reproductive rights debate this is what i know about the issue . i watched television for the first time in 6 months earlier this week , and ... i would say that entps are more likely to walk into oncoming traffic . intps are going to be cautious from the ti / si loop , where entps will be more willing to take a risk and less likely to learn from ... a couple of other threads on the topic :  ... the differences are meant to compensate for the shortcomings of each individual while not making both hate each other . intp is ti , ne , si , fe . enfj is fe , ni , se , ti . they each bring out the ... you want an enfj . i could go so much more into this , but it boils down to : you don't want another introvert because neither of you would leave the house . you don't want another perceiver ... i do it to cover up when i earnestly say something completely idiotic , and then realize half a second later how stupid it is . also , if i make a joke and someone can't hear me whether i mumble or ... selfishness is not living as one wishes to live , it is asking others to live as one wishes to live . - oscar wilde oscar wilde has some amazingly cynical quotations . human beings are , ... i can kind of relate . i kind of think of myself as an aestheticist . i'm a musician , and music kind of forces you to use all of your psychological functions . with my musical training i've worked in ... why the guilt ? that video is an aesthetic masterpiece . it's pop art , but it's still art . feel free to skip to 4:30 , but don't miss out on parts two and three ! salome lusts for john the baptist , who refuses her . her step-father , ... you're talking way too much . you tell me one more time how i should live - i swear i'll bite your head off ! i am who i am and i can't be no one else ... i have a traumatic relationship with my esfj mother which triggers my schizotypal days more often than really anything else . the emphasis on si in her thought process makes it so that really any ... my fi gets me in big trouble sometimes . all of the darkest times in my life that really left scars are the ones where i allowed fi to dominate my thinking . my lack of se prevents me from learning ... things like this tend to pop up in the nt forum every once in a while , ( ) but i've never ... i saw an oboe masterclass given by a female intp this semester . she gave the masterclass at my university as a guest , and i was astounded by her depth of knowledge . she also did something very ... i do that to sjs all the time . whenever they say something like , well , that goes against my religious beliefs i just can't help myself . don't they know they're kidding ? she's a goody two-shoes in some respects , but she's not necessarily responsible . she doesn't really keep track of her commitments . she's not particularly inquisitive . i'm not sure what you're ... care to elaborate ? i have a friend whose type i can't decide on . i've narrowed her down in my considerations , of course , but i want to see what other people come up with . fashion is very important to her . she's ... i wake up , and the day feels broken . these things exist because cultures have existed independently of each other and we recognize differences between groups . we don't have to be so cynical that we have to believe that humans naturally ... avoidant personality disorder in infps and istjs is an unbalanced use of fi and si , which are the dominant and tertiary functions in both types . the types seem vastly different , but the disorder ... my sister either an infp or an istj with avoidant personality disorder . she likes cute things , hand crafts ( knitting , crochet , et cetera ) , and tech stuff . is there something that i can get her that ... she's almost like a party trick . there is almost no situation that can't be made light of by imagining my mother's reaction . she's a sweet lady , but her naivete is astounding . she wants the best for ... my mother is an esfj with really narrow life experience . she lived in a tiny town in northern michigan where the whole town attended the one protestant church , and where there were no people of color ... artists are supposed to comment on culture . that's the function of art . - margaret cho the preface to the picture of dorian gray by ... benjamin britten , w . h . auden , leonard bernstein . mostly i posted the thread because i wanted to see if people like exist , so i'm validated that way . i think in general i perform these kinds of music more than i listen to them , and i ... for one of my homework assignments in my orchestration class , i've been asked to pick a christmas carol , patriotic tune , or folk song of some kind and arrange it for an ensemble of woodwinds , but i ... i'm amazed you caught jackie beat in that tiny blip ! i mean , i guess it's a striking photograph , but wow ! that's some se for you . you're not independent . you don't have a driver's license . driving is necessary in our society . do your share ! that's what i get for being the son of an istj who works for an automaker . he ... i've developed a character who i put on who is an esfp . i try to embrace frivolity as much as possible , because happiness is far easier to achieve when it's not necessarily tied to fulfillment . i ... when i receive criticism in my bassoon lessons ( which , as a bassoon performance student , are the single most important hour of my week ) which imply that i'm not improving fast enough , or that i don't ... i'm in a woodwind quintet right now , and we're having difficulty naming it . the flutist , clarinetist and i are all intps ( i know , what are the odds ? ) , the oboist is an infj , and the horn star is an ... '