' i am in ! pretty much my ideas too . i like to gather information from mine and other people's experiences as well . i like a more street view of the world in some cases . it's a ... most of it is not , in general . yea , it seems sweeping , the way i said it ... but i explained that in later posts . i assume most people know there can be some rarities and differences here and ... i've told you , go read . why do i have to lead a horse to water ? i'm so hurt , i may just cry . all that bashing ! i'm a big girl , i can handle people pointing out my negatives . why so ... a good percentage of salespeople will be estp , and a percentage will be sociopaths . they gravitate towards the field . no , not all of them are . i assume when i am writing that the other person ... i'm scared . i've dug myself nowhere ... at all . i wouldn't expect you to tell it like it is . it's not your way . and that's the way nature intended it . persuasion is in your blood . ... function , while i can understand your skepticism , i am no longer unhealthy . i spent 5 + years in therapy . i have a loving so of six years ( entj ) , who i live with . he is director of engineering for ... i have to admit , i burst out in laughter when i read this . neither am i ! you know it's true , tree ... you're a flake and you know it . why the lies ? : tongue : oh i forgot , it makes you guys feel weak to admit it ( therein , lies the weakness to be exploited ) . pooor ... all the ones i have ever met have been flaky . i'm not claiming to know them all . go hang out with some salespeople sometime . maybe you will learn a thing or two . disagree . i call a spade a spade . been there , seen it , know it . the salespeople at my bf's corporation are the exact same way . flaky , shallow , ( to me and my bf , untrustworthy ) people . they will ... the flakiness and shallowness is documented if you go read ... that's just their type . they don't create depth , and they don't mind flakiness themselves , so they don't understand why you wouldn't . ... my dad and my friend are both confirmed . the others i know , yes , some of it is assumed . if it looks like a duck , and it acts like a duck ... , of course it might not be a duck . like i said , it ... i've known a ton of estp's . one of my best friends in school was one . my dad was one . i used to sell timeshares and work in retail , and there were many . i would nevah date one . why ? because ... yea ... but i've been thinking about how i missed the boat . i feel like i've missed the boat . why ? because i am supposedly good at athletics , right . but i haven't played any sports in ... oh yesss ... i grew up in hell . my mother was an istj , and my father was an estp . he was an abusive alcoholic for most of my childhood . it ruined my life for many , many years ( 39 , to ... yea , i see your point , and i think some istp's can be just as happy behind a desk as they are moving about . i think alot want to be more active than that tho ... i want something active , hence me ... oh i am sure there are some interesting challenges and stuff . flying jets would be a ball . you must've had some really serious parents , because at your age , doing what you are doing was not ... omg , the laws are unreal . there are many more laws here , to protect the people . it's unreal . businesses and people move out everyday because there are so many laws , it becomes too expensive to ... lol . yes , i think this is probably true , that those happy with their life plans ( careers , families , etc . ) need less extreme sports . i can understand your distaste for judgers . some of them i ... lol not totally . but i think just a bit here and again ... ( i can be subject to generalizing at times - especially when it comes to things that haven't worked for me , but that also works for me ... yes , i understand this also . my mom is an istj , and my dad was an estp . i ended up with 50/50 n anyways , i think i gained the n in my 20 ' s . i lived with someone who was much more s than i ever ... i've exercised ... i used to strip for a living lol if you call that an extreme sport . there are some thrills initially , but like everything else i've tried , i get bored after a couple of weeks . ... i agree with the others in that i've never been into adrenaline sports . not that i wouldn't ... things have never quite fallen into place on that end . i have been into video games , however , since i ... holy cow ... i never knew you guys were the angry postmen who shot up the post office ... my mother is an istj ... and she can be oh-so-bitter and cold sometimes . i just remember being a teen and ... i don't think i've ever been inactive , but i think i've always been a lot less active than i would like to be . yes , at different parts of my life , i think inactivity led to depression for me .  ... i used to have very elaborate dreams . ones with extravagant multi-level homes with fancy pools , or shops full of extravagantly-designed dresses and women's wear lol . i always thought if i could ... i think we like to share hobbies . that's about it . i will converse on social occasions , just because it is novel and not usually what i do . but i can only do that so much ! it tires me out . i ... yea , definitely have to be a good judge of character to do it ... my so was already successful and stable , and we were both 30 + . it was pretty obvious it was going to be right . he offered me a ... i met my so of six years on an internet forum ! heehee ! he lived on the west coast and i lived on the east ... i moved here and we've been together ever since . happily ever after ! : happy : go over to the entj forum ... you will find all the attention and friends you could ever want . : wink : seriously , entj's love us . : happy : everytime i meet one , they are enthralled . ... : happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy : i personally don't care that much . i'm just giving you an example of how the world can be ... this ain't kansas ! lol . i don't personally agree with the question being asked in the first ... as far as the misogyny matter , i think it should have come up , i feel ok with it , and i make my own decisions about what i say . there is alot about this thread that might point alot of people toward ... go read what i said . i didn't charge anyone with misogyny . i simply stated it as a possibility . i've been all over the net , and i've seen a ton of it , so when i start seeing what could be pieces ... yea ? well , now maybe you can see how it feels to be judged . and i don't agree it was a mis-step , as i said , i think it's who you are . i agree to disagree . no , i didn't intend to jump on you , i ... do you have an outside interest where you can get out your rebellious tendencies ? i have found it works if i am very rebellious outside of work and a good little camper at work . if i am going ... the one i have - work comes first . that's that . no risk involved . he can look at people in an interesting way sometimes , with interest . usually , it means he likes your mind or the way you work ... expected answer . hell , the thread is about what people don't like about entj's , so if someone didn't want to know , they wouldn't have asked ! i'm simply answering the gd question . if you want to ... i am in a relationship with one . honestly , what i dislike about it is this : i can't grow as fast because he wants to do / oversee all the work . it's a bit stifling . he is too rigid and ... i am going to be completely honest ( which you may appreciate ) and blunt ( which istp's are known to do ) ... i find you guys adorable , but ... i also find you guys funny . why ? because most of ... no , i'm not offended at all ... by any of it . at one point , i got kindof angry by one person's comment ( not yours or charley's ) , because it was judging , and i don't understand why it's important ... i didn't say you were a monster , and don't think you are . i just meant you may use any information i give for negative . that's all . the monster is just something you could become , given the ... it's not my trust in others that's eroded ... i trust certain people in 5 minutes , and don't trust others ever . i trust myself to know what's best and what's not . people's actions and words are ... i'm going to refuse . someone like you ( and i don't mean in a bad way , i mean in regards to personality type , geographical location , etc . ) , may use the information to further their efforts ( in a ... because you have done and said many things that make me believe you are not being sincere . i honestly don't think describing / explaining them all is going to do anything but make things worse . i ... i believe you . you're just trying to weasel your way out , which is what you might see as the easiest way to operate . i don't think you're looking for approval ( especially from me , because i'm not ... yea , i'm hearing you guys ... don't really believe what i'm hearing , but ... : laughing : lies will not save you in life . ( maybe they will in the south , but not in the real world ) ... lol . i ... i can't help but ask ... because i don't understand this pov ... i don't wear make-up everyday , first off , so this isn't about me . but , there are people who enjoy the act of putting on makeup . ... i think it's about acceptance . accepting that other people have different beliefs from you , but that doesn't make either of them wrong , just different . nature assures differences , and that is ... sounds exactly like i used to be lol . '