' repeat rapists are already castrated in most states in the us . the state's burden of proof is similar to that of capital punishment , and the castration is chemical and reversible , not physical and ... what's there to like about politician trump ? he was appalling as a candidate and he's already a lame duck as president . the vast majority of us who aren't his voter base are just waiting his term out ... not on the secondary market no . the only reason i was interested in bitcoin when it was first released was as a possible hedge against fiat volatility . the global fiat currency crisis never panned ... bitcoin is the only crypto i have any experience with . i mined a few back in 2010 when it was still new and relatively worthless . they were maybe $ 10 to $ 20 a coin otc . i sold them to a friend who ... well , great minds think alike . :p roud :: wink : in the normal sense of the word , yes . although i'm more broadly in favor of equal rights and equal opportunities than specifically feminism per se . i suppose i'd be an egalitarian without ... the fell one i'd say my typings for them remain the same . except i'd say genghis khan is more generally a ti-dominant and that's the only thing i can say with any reasonable certainty while ... not really into plump women so probably not , no . i wouldn't mind say a small muffin top but much heftier than that and i'd start to think we're too mismatched and incompatible in terms of hobbies ... oh , that test . there's a thread with people posting their results to that test in the socionics subforum here : ... lol , it sounds like a poorly translated or awkwardly phrased socionics question about se . i would say it fit me when i was younger but now that i'm older and more settled in my life , not as much ... generally speaking , i try not to leave myself open to criticism if at all possible . how i handle criticism depends on : - what was said . - how it was said and , - who's saying it . if what was ... something that isn't overpriced and pays a good dividend yield . otherwise , i'd be very hesitant on trying to buy low in this heated stock market . almost everything seems overpriced right now and ... sparky no comment on the quotes but lol the description between the both types make perfect sense to me . in the military , if you can't come off as someone worth following to others then you'll ... i won't be able to get back to you extremely quickly but i will get back to you eventually . i'm not especially patriotic but in times of great need , i will rise to the occasion , sure . i used to be much more when i was younger but age and maturity has made me question my sense of patriotism ... lame . what else do you have . showing off your meme skills ? : wink : you are too kind . : kitteh : i agree , i don't like arrogant opinions either . which is why i prefer to inform to opine , because i'd rather give you the pros ... thank you wild , that's so sweet of you to be having so many forum members in mind ! :) in all honesty though , unless you wanted to talk about politics , i'd be more inclined to talk about world events ... how did i miss this ? congrats icy ! ugh yes . there have been a few times where the smell was so bad that i immediately walked back out because i didn't want someone thinking i created that vile smell . i tend to try not to go # 2 at work ... or if running and jumping around seems like too much monkey business and not nearly aggressive enough , then there's always taking up a martial art . : tongue : ... my palms are sweating after watching just two minutes of that video . : shocked : i used to do quite a bit of parkour and free running when i was younger and i used to practice at the first gym in the ... the guy sounds like a troll in real life , hahah . he could be an enfj but i think the more poignant point to make here is that you're an estj . so not only is his fe clashing with your te : what you ... not becoming so worked up over leggings would be a good start . : wink : or actually responding to the actual argument without resorting to snide insults . plus i don't think much data on the average iq of nobel prize winners . seriously . what a poor display of judgment . the 120 iq range was in reference to a study on self-made millionaires . i was referring to the us since the person i was speaking to and i both live in the us . sad really . how hard you're ... you really only need to do so when necessary . otherwise you'd have your time better spent enjoying some milk and cookies . : wink : well with that kind of an attitude you may never have the opportunity ... of course one should never uncritically accept what one is told , but most of the effect is due to a larger portion of the population moving to an urban city where there would be much more constant ... well , the flynn effect is only documented from a relatively modern time ( the 1930s ) and it mostly explains the rapid urbanization of much of the advanced world during the time . which is what mainly ... anyone whose looked into iq will more than likely know what the flynn effect is . what about it ? did you look up the average iq for each of the subjects you were talking about ? they're all about the same . you citing a general estimation based on education to try to prove anything is just ... : rolleyes : you really aren't getting it are you ? when you fail to apply even context to academics and working professionals . you have no valid argument for comparison , because you're comparison is ... i changed the word incomprehensible to inexplicable since that word better represented what i meant . also , i mean inexplicable in behavior , not in reason . ntj types can reason perfectly fine all day ... yes , i agree , no one wants to enable a sense of entitlement . a person would need to work for it . although i think perhaps too high of an iq would make a person seem unrelatable and at times ... no , you didn't cite any context . just your own biases which you seem unaware as to how you're applying your biases . most physicists , mathematicians and academics in general aren't world class ... typical example of someone who won't amount to much . smh . this topic always tends to bring out the dum dums when it comes to iq . not every physicist and mathematician is going to be a world class scholar . although i will agree that academic fields that compete with other academics around the world must be quite brilliant in ... that's an empirical fact . plus i said most not all . if you're going to cite logic then at least be logical . i work in a profession where the average iq of professionals is supposedly 130 . for ... i don't mind wearing a suit on occasion but for the most part i prefer business casual to full formal wear . i work where casual to business casual is the norm so i have a few options when it comes to ... leader vde-m galvanized by the concepts of bravery and purpose , leaders believe it is nothing short of destiny that they rise to be a force of ... genghis khan wasn't so much a conqueror as he was an administrator . while his armies did conquer vast amounts of land under his name and he would then pacify newly conquered regions with extreme ... well , aren't you wrong . : laughing ; depends on what you mean by liberal . i'd consider myself to be moderately neoliberal which doesn't really align with either party . which is why i vote based on the candidate , and not along party ... right . i think the differences you're referring to is the difference between a conservative and liberal mindset . which isn't necessarily the absolute differences between a republican and a democrat ... hm , i don't think ae1905 to be that bad but i suppose you have your reasons . lol sorry . that statement wasn't directed at you . that was more my disliking of pc culture the past few years ... yes and thank you for posting those articles . i found them to be informative but i balked at the author's assumption that libertarians vote republican . some do but most are politically ... this is hilarious in how poor the author's reasoning is . including his jump in logic to conclude that republicans are smarter than democrats . : laughing : does the guy not understand that real ... well , iq mainly determines a person's ability to problem solve . whether you consider that to be valid or useful would be subjective but seriously , the pc nature of downplaying intelligence is so ... '