' ya my son has special needs so ya all kids . most people aren't comfortable w special needs kids . it is hard to find guys who can see past it and want to develop a relationship with him :( i can ... who said anything about swooning and grand entrances or filming things ... i think that would classify me as a poor porn star ... and are you questioning my integrity ? ? ? why would i claim to be intp ... maybe ... r u muscular and tan with hazel green eyes ... up for 72 hrs of carnal pleasure be open and flexible to kitchens they can be fun places for more than just cooking ;) nobody else wants to smack me down about my fantasy man ? stop being voyeurs and reply ... u scared rabbits lmfao i cook too and i'm not messy so i don't take offence to all the generalizations ... why u hate'n on my fantasies and why does it have to be a fantasy to want a completely functional ... so you r tidy because of ur woman and why don't you cook with her as a part of foreplay maybe u can learn to enjoy it :) lmfao ... so there's a line and i'm cutting in you say ? ? ? eye patch complete joke and the twins a carnal pleasure bucket list thing ... everyone's got theirs this is mine lol expound ... what's amusing and concerning ? ? ? esfj i was asked recently what i wanted in a partner and i replied real life saint family man 35-45 that is emotionally , financially and spiritually stable good with his tongue , hands , penis and ... lmfao im not the tidiest person but im not a slob ... why are intp s so messy lol so you are not family oriented ... you don't like kids and you're starving surrounded by your mess lol i was asked recently what i wanted in a partner and i replied real life saint family man 35-45 that is emotionally , financially and spiritually stable good with his tongue , hands , penis and ... i agree and it does make sense . i agree that it is healthy to want to be liked and belong to something or believe in things that contribute to a greater good or the welfare of man ... wtf ... r u talking about ! ! ! i think you are speaking of being authentic :) and you have to know yourself and be comfortable in your own skin to be you . some people fear judgement and act differently because of it . some people ... does it drive you crazy ! ! ! i can't believe the lengths people will go to . i know we can be wierd at times but i usually only share that with close friends dumb asses i just avoid like the plague ... has anyone ever experienced being singled out as crazy because others are so stupid and can't do their jobs so they get several people to say everything you say and do is wrong and you don't know ... you guys are cute :) i find people get offended so i do it to find out how to aviod land mine topics with them . i do the complete opposite with people i know i do not care for . i will bring up topics that i know will get ... any other oppinions out there or is this topic tooo hard to deal with ? no not as you discribed it . he may be shaming you but does it make you feel unworthy or irrevicably flawed or find it too painful to deal with him . we feel shame that we don't value what is crammed down our throats . the right car , job , partner , $ , house , religion , peer relations etc ... because we value empathy , truth , justice and authenticity ... shame is different than guilt and embarasment . shame is more like you feel you will never be able to meet ( x's ) social , family , gender , school , work etc ... expectations and some how you are ... what are your thoughts on shame what would you define shame as how much does it affect you has it created barriers what do you think of it's antagonist empathy i have been trying to figure out the major barriers in life and this is what i have come to find is at the core of every issue : shocked : what do you consider a lie ? how many forms of lieing are there ? are there ones that are more acceptable than others or is it black and white for you ? the ones that are the worst for me ... just curious ... what is the most demented thing you feel out laughing over . in plup fiction ... when you have to kill absolutely every mother fucker in the room ... i understand were your coming from yet my son is in the 1st grade , has adhd , spd , odd , pdd-nos and a gamet of med . issues so the rules like following instructions , staying seated , completeing work , ... i need help with my son's teacher . i think she is an isfj and we are totally clashing personality wize . i have had to help her understand my son's disabilities and in the process have had to question ... crop dust them in thier cube / office tooo funny that are not aware they are stupid ! i love you guyz'z humor how many of you are teachers ? i am just curiuos how many infp are teacher ? it doesn't change with age ... you either become more discusted or find ways to reframe others perspectives :P the wisest person in the room is ussually the one who has made the most mistakes , l earned from them by finding functional solutions and ... found functional applications for the knowledge ... you are projecting you're issues onto her . she is not rejecting you she just does things her own way the nt way ... it is not the same as the sj way ( some similarities at times though ) . my first ... look what i can do . look what i have don't you wish you could have it too . i love me and so does everyone on the planet and if you don't you are a loser with bad taste , the worst dresser and have no ... you are helll arious it looks like you have found enightenment ;) mental sparing can release tention , help you know what and how your oppontent thinks and braoden your views or find the novelty of an issue . ultimately ... that is tooo funny why do you need a rake ? do you have small hands or are they broke ? isn't that what he is doing already ? you need some tissues for your issues ? lol why don't you just go fight club on your ass ! ! ! it is funny i was shopping at target the other day and came across some smurf stuff . i used to love the smurfs ... anyway i bought post its that had vanity smurf looking in his mirror saying i love ... '