' well i havent read your previous post , but breaking up with an intp is usually breaking up for good ( this has always been the case with me , even if the relationship drags on ) . as an intp , once ive ... is j available ? thanks ! welll i randomly came upon this post and i completely agree . i am also a gemini intp .. and i feel that i am an intp to a t .. after reading through some forums and what not i do see the different ... interstellar ex machina lucky number slevin documentaries i probably like mathematics so much because it is easy for me to understand and it involves constant problem solving .. not to mention , it is usually solitary work . wait . ... its starting to cover ... algebra for fun .. and i rather enjoy the calculus route for math . also of interest is computing , mathematical logic , and mathematical physics .. least favorite was geometry and statistics . if i could ... interesting .. thanks for sharing ! i completely agree that i am not concerned or worried about seeming approachable to others .. but if someone actually approaches me they usually find out that they perceived me in the wrong light , as ... definitely a rare breed ! ( but i like it ) i've only met other intp females in forums as well .. : laughing : i feel like your brother is pretty spot on .. me .. 309882 3098 90 haha nope , definitely an intp . maybe i feel this way because the supernatural is of no interest to me .. more specifically religions ( cults ) are where a lot of the supernatural talk comes from ... also ... you have a point . im a realist so i tend to go off what i know , not what may be .. i find it pointless to hypothesize the idea of the supernatural when there is not even an ounce of concrete evidence ... there is nothing after death except a new distribution of your atoms ; people make up stories of the supernatural because they fear death . as for the meaning ? well .. there is no answer to that , only ... that there are more unintelligent people than i had originally thought open water / drowning heights / standing close to the edge of something where you could fall ie : a cliff being embarrassed in ... intp : first and foremost i love mathematics , if i could have a job simply doing math i would be set . what has peaked my interest : 1 . computer programming ( what i plan to have a career in ) 2 ... i meant * can see it : tongue : that is exciting ! i wish i had a talent in drawing / sketching .. tattooing would be fun . octopuses are usually described as intelligent creatures who are adaptable , ... i have several tattoos .. here is one of mine . ive had about 3 or 4 sessions on this one and have 1 more to go 269042 2690 50 i cant see it , looks great ! did you end up getting it with your friend ? haha nice ! oh interesting . well it is described that octopuses are intelligent creatures that are adaptable , creative , have fluidity , etc . i like the characteristics and attributes of the octopus , as i find ... confusing ? yep , an octopus , not fully finished yet though 266354 2663 62 have a tattoo ? post a picture and / or describe : happy : haha that made me lol . thanks : kitteh : picked the flower on the way in . great song casual . i usually wear vans or chucks with jeans / shorts and a plain shirt , sometimes ill wear a dressy shirt with jeans and a high heeled ankle boots , and occasionally ill dress up .. dress and heels ... what personality type are you ? i think over all , depressants are better than stimulants and hallucinogens are fun in the right environments . completely agree with the high school chemistry , the math part was great , the memorization .. not so mcuh im currently a junior in college , got my high school diploma then went to college on and off for 8 years .. grades : mostly straight a's a few b's only failed one class in high school ... spanish 4 ... haha love how you refer it to chubby chasers and cougar chasers .. there must be hope ! i personally feel i am usually the pursuer if i find someone interesting enough that is interesting ! ive never read or heard that before .. i am an intp who dates an isfj . i think the best things in the relationship are intellectual conversation and that we are both introverts so we lead a quiet lifestyle . on the other hand there are ... : happy : hey , thanks ! i agree interesting .. probably why i enjoy the company of men rather than women .. i am definitely not a feeler . i do believe a lot of the women i know are feelers .. maybe this has to do with the assumption ... i think this is a great question , and i found ( still find ) that i like many of the same things . ie : math and science ; journalism , photography , etc .. which makes it so hard to choose . it took me the ... definitely t ... cant handle the emotion and feelings . but this is coming from an intp intp .. after many years (8 ) of being indecisive , i've finally decided to major in computer programming , with a minor in business administration . right out of high school i thought i would enjoy ... you constantly have what if's circulating in your mind ... it never ends i watch ice hockey and ( american ) football . as for participating , i've played volleyball and softball .. frustrating as you have to rely on other people to do well . cross country , track , and figure ... '