' these are two very good reasons as to why i would drop friends as well . 1 . if someone has a mental illness , it is never okay to make fun of them no matter how badly they may have treated them before ... absolutely , it is never final . we would give them another chance if they show that they will change . it's funny , i always thought i was the one with the problem with keeping in touch with ... my best friend is an esfj . she does not like to show that she is warm or nurturing but it shines right through . it's cute how she thinks she can hide it . she is not as bad as she'd like to think she ... lots of water lol . oh and sunglasses and shorts . i live in shorts in the spring and summer . this is actually very encouraging . i have to work on thinking this way . yes , i believe this is why people do it too . they just like to brag and show proof that they were actually there . i know an enfj who does this exact thing ! it's so frustrating . i'd love some insight as well . trying to be extroverted can be a whole nother job in itself lol you took the words right out of my mouth . we were made introverts and extroverts for a reason . we do not have to stress ourselves out trying to be the opposite type . if you're poor ( or think you are ) how do you feed yourself ? how much money do you spend a week on food ? i don't think i'm poor but i also do not have the most money in the world . i spend about ... this was sooo deep . you have me feeling guilty for things i've said to every other personality type in my past now : laughing : . i think everyone could all get on the same page if we just all took the ... either catfish or spongebob . i can't remember . from one extreme to the next : laughing : you're right . i didn't even look at it that way : tongue : . i was thinking the same thing . hahaha oh em gee . that is so dangerous ! i'm not a violent person but i think i would've punched that kid too . i have been in physical fights when i was younger . people thought because i was so quiet ... yes , what they said . hahaha . isfj's just want you to listen to them intentively . we don't need advice or feedback , we just want you to nod and say every once in awhile that you understand how we're ... nothing wrong with that . i've had my childhood teddy bear buster ( since i was 9 to be exact ) . i recently slept without him for the first time a few months ago and almost had a panic attack . i ... wow the second situation sounds so sad :( . i have a great relationship with my mom . we're like best friends thank god . i know every mother out there isn't perfect but as children of god , we must love ... esfj's seem to take on the most leadership role from what i know personally . i would say the same for intj's but in a different way . it's kind of like intj's do not set out to be a leader but they do ... although my infp does not lie much , when she does , she does a great job at it ! haha . i actually find it funny about some of the things she lied to me about as a kid . her lies are usually little ... my fellow isfj's in this forum did a pretty good job explaining it to you . what it all boils down to is , it is just very hard for us to open up . i mean very , very hard . not to scare you or anything ... i think we all have days where we are a little tired of being ourselves . but you have to remember that that is the exact things that makes us unique . god placed us here on earth for a reason . ... i talk with my hands a lot . funny thing is , i did not realize it until recently . i make videos on youtube and when i watch myself once i am done recording , i'm like geez , have i always done this ... zen lizard glad to be back and happy to hear from you too ;) zen lizard i've been so busy with my work schedule . things seemed to have slowed down now so , i'm back on here . glad to see that someone noticed my absence : 0 ) i've been so busy with my work schedule . things seemed to have slowed down now so , i'm back on here . glad to see that someone noticed my absence : 0 ) i usually don't lie but i definitely hold back my feelings in a situations like this . this is very true . you can't push too hard . we open up when we feel that we can really trust someone and when we know that the person is really listening to our story and not just pretending to care ... i'm at work so i do not have a lot of time to provide details so i hope if i can't provide more in a timely matter , someone else can help . :) you may see it as if you've done so much for her just ... can you elaborate please ? are you saying that your friends make you feel bad about pulling out of plans and you go along with them even if that means flaking on a romantic interest ? here ya go i'm going through something very similar . i'd love some advice on this as well . no . socializing usually requires going out and spending money . it also involves too much energy . i don't drink :-P this relationship sounds unhealthy to me unfortunately . as much as i'd like to restrict my so from these things , i can't see myself doing this to him . i've been told that my voice can be high pitch and squeaky . my little sister went so far as saying that my voice reminds her of a dolphin . hahahahaha i don't agree however . she actually did want you to respond . and this isn't just an isfj thing it's a girl thing . she felt that if you felt the same way , you would have responded regardless of what she said . when you did ... small talk ? how about no talk at all ? :-P i think i only enjoy small talk when someone is actually is genuinely interested in knowing about me . i don't initiate small talk with anyone but if i see ... ok , so it's more about respect rather than jealously . that helps . thanks ! beyonce seems like an isfj to me . brittany is more of an isfp and i don't know rihanna too well to tell . my guess would be estp ? unrelated but i saw kanye west listed as an isfj on another site ... hmm very interesting match . it's funny how hard it is for us to let others know our feelings first when getting to know someone romantically . what type is your wife ? honestly , there is nothing that you can really do . just make sure to be there and support her when she is stressed out . i'm happiest when following a certain routine . i don't like change . i just ... i completely agree with this . i used to think i was paranoid until i met my infj friend . she is paranoid with similar situations of all that you mentioned . although i don't agree with most of her ... do you guys get jealous easily ? if so , do you show it ? 1 . dependable and caring . 2 . if i'm asking to hang out , never saying no when asking me to hang out and will contact you often , that means i am serious 3 . i can wait as long as possible . i ... pretty much agree with all of the other isfjs in this thread . so just going to add a little . if important or i'm highly interested , i pay attention closely to details . if taking a test ( which i find ... i can't go into specifics but i can try and help based on behaviors . the biggest difference i notice between myself and my infj company are that they are more up for change and that they are very ... my enfj started doing this too at some point . he felt that we didn't see each other enough and he said he needed more attention . so he actually made the situation worse by distancing himself . ha the ... i don't follow politics at all . i don't find it interesting even though i know it is very important . i don't like to see how it divides people and i tend to stray away from the topic when it is ... those intjs and their short answers . ha gotta love em . '