' i was vegetarian for 3 years and vegan for 7 . last year i went pescatarian and this year i have eaten some meat ( never pigs or chickens ) a few times but the majority of days i eat a vegetarian diet ... i experience this too :( there are so many things that i am interested in and want to pursue but i waste my time rather than apply myself . i need a type 3 close in my life to inspire me :D i relate so much to what many of you have said xd i don't have full blown discussions with myself often because i need complete privacy , away from people that may hear me .. but i find it so cathartic ... the healer fits me the most , but i also relate to the other two sub-types . i would place them in a stacking with the healer at the top by a fraction , followed by the idealist and then the dreamer ... done too :) i enjoyed that :D there's been a variety . istp's are the type i seem to be most attracted to romantically and vise versa but , maybe that's because i am not often around nt's . i'm open to every type practically . to be ... sometimes i feel like that , op . though i'm pretty certain i won't ever be getting married or having children , i do feel like i'm missing out on having a deep partnership - someone to share my life ... i am currently obsessing over a boy . : confused : i have many obsessions underneath the surface but i am finding it hard to focus on many things other than the boy , enter shikari and trying to decide my ... i think infp's definitely have the potential to suffer the symptoms / patterns of bpd more so than other types who are not highly sensitive . bpd is caused by having a highly sensitive nature and ... awww this is so sweet .. thank you lovely :) same goes for you ! i agree with much of what has been said on this thread :) i think an entj type 3w2 is the type best suited to me . there is certainly ... absolutely 100 % for myself , and my other infp friend too :) i would write more but i'm shy on forums , hehe ! on top of what everyone else has said , you could be a type 9 enneagram :) ( i would write more but i have to go to work , eep ) my current boyfriend is an enfj and we have the best hugs . it feels so loving , comforting and safe - amongst other feelings too ;P <3 amazing physical connection , for sure ! i have an isfp mother and most of the descriptions so far are very accurate of the differences ! the observations i've made in our specific case are that she is much more adept at making very well ... i'm leaning towards intj ! definite enfp ! no doubt :) hehe , i can relate to what you said about istp's . i dated one for 2 months earlier this year .. and the kind of connection you described is very applicable to us too . it was always kind of strained ... travel or university / college ? i'm sorry if this has been covered before , as i'm sure it probably has ! i'm happy for this to be looked at in a general sense , but i would also really appreciate ... * hugs * i understand . i also have an enfj that is no longer in my life , who i miss very much . hope you're okay ! <3 yes absolutely 100 % relate ! my automatic inclination would be infj : happy : ( i have listened to thrice for years and love dustin <3 ) i totally agree with everything you said about nf's , nt's sj's and sp's : tongue : most of my relationships have been with types that were completely wrong for me , also i was a lot less mature than ... recently i have become obsessed with the music of cloud cult . if you haven't heard of them before , check them out ! they have quite a few albums , and so a lot of different styles of songs .. but the ... ideal you real you introversion 30 % scorpio : happy : in my birth chart i have about 6 planets in water signs ( mostly scorpio ) i think that's great that your marriage works very well : happy : i know i'm not an estp but i wanted to share my experience briefly ! i was in a relationship with an estp for 2.5 years .. and it was ... i definitely find it easier to get on with guys rather than girls . a lot of the girls in my first , middle and secondary schools were very stereotypical girly-girls - something i found hard to relate ... wow , i can relate to pretty much all of what's been said in this thread :) i can be very reserved , particularly if i'm in a group - i usually won't say a word . if too many people even look at me ... i've only known one entj ( that i know of .. ) and i really enjoy his friendship ! i find him very willing to discuss anything , very interested in self-growth and is open to pretty much everything ! if he ... i love louis ck ! ! it's so hard to type somebody .. especially when someone has reached middle age and most probably developed a lot of the less dominant functions .. or if they are somewhat unhealthy ... i'd say that my mum is isfp and my dad is isfj . i never felt truly understood from the time i was very little , it's like there wasn't even any desire to understand me or appreciate me for who i am ... i'd be up for this : happy : i was in a relationship with an estp for 2 years and i can definitely recommend against infp's as the perfect partner : frustrating :: tongue : i really admire estp's but there are so many gaps in ... i guess being infp i shouldn't post here hehe , but i love tim and eric ! their humour might seem infantile but it's really not underneath it all . though i can understand it doesn't appeal to a lot of ... i love cats so much ! ! ! : kitteh : and so does my intp partner , yay <3 that sounds magical : kitteh : i do lots of things like , listening and reading inspiring spiritual teachings .. there are so many and they really help me feel connected to the universe / god / source / love ... voted yep ! have been veggie for 8 years and vegan for 6 : kitteh : i do that too .. but if someone was once a friend then they're always a friend and just because i haven't gotten in touch for ages it doesn't mean that i haven't thought about it or thought about ... hahaha , so funny ! i can definitely relate to most of that : tongue : hmm .. the improviser wins over the others though i don't relate to all of what is described i . e : they enjoy hands-on , applied learning with a fast pace and freedom to explore . and there are ... i'm slighty west i would say .. ! ( dorset ) : happy : wales is lovely ! wow everyone has such pretty eyes ! ! :) i can definitely see similarities for sure . not the best pic but oh well thought i would post anyways :) 59340 and like a lot of you my eyes are the ... i'm a definite type 9 with mostly 1 wing but some 8 traits too but these aren't as noticeable ! took me like months to figure out my enneagram type lol ! what are your interests and hobbies ? getting out into nature , travel , cycling , yoga , reading , making videos , drawing , playing guitar , anime , healing , therapies , nutrition etc . though i can ... '