i am hoping that my innate characteristics that are making my twenties so difficult and painful , will come to the fore and make my life wonderful as i enter my thirties . i hope i and others find new ... that movie always gets me . i see bits of myself in amelie and i totally fall for girls with similar traits to her . kind hearted , quirky , free-spirited , nice yet fiery when it comes to her values ... unrequited love version 3.0 i am seeing someone i have a major crush on one-on-one for the first time tomorrow . i've known her for about 7 months now , started getting chatty the last couple of times i saw her . i've talked to ... holding in your feelings over someone for a long time is like holding in diarrhea . when it eventually comes out it's a giant shitstorm . i too struggled with the idea of having to ' sell myself ' . most of the places i've gotten into have been purely due to results ( uni ) or people liking my work while temping through an work agency ... i too struggled with the idea of having to ' sell myself ' . most of the places i've gotten into have been purely due to results ( uni ) or people liking my work while temping through an work agency ... i usually communicate pretty well in written form , say over chat or messaging . the exception is when i fancy someone . then my writing starts to become slightly muddled and i don't get across what i ... to anyone who's ever shown support and compassion towards me on this forum , you have my sincere thanks . i may never have met you but the smallest things and even the simplest words mean so much to ... i try to send signals , but more often than not i'll do nothing : blushed : . well i'll do nothing til the point where i can't hold the feelings in anymore and i'll end up telling the person pretty ... i don't want to be defined by my depression anymore . i don't want to be defined by an illness . i want to be defined by the person i really am , by what i love and by how i treat other people . * * character * * when someone has treated you poorly , there is a tendency for most people to reciprocate the poor treatment . i'm pretty sure i've been guilty of this at some point in time . this is ... great commencement speech by tim minchin on life in general * * fuck you depression * * while much more comfortable with the topic than in the past , i still really hate having to talk about depression . i hate it because it's not something people want to ... i am totally crushing on an enfp girl who works at my favourite quiet little bar . she's incredibly warm and just exudes some sort of ethereal beauty . perhaps i'm idealising qualities about her , but i ... cutest thing ever ? enfp girl who comes up and sits next to me in my favourite quiet bar . i think i only know two enfps and they are both just the warmest people in the world . they have some sort ... 81677 yam - i agree , it's the most accurate and poignant description i've come across so far . it's from a site called ' she runs from darkness ' . i think the writer's name is pearl . depression is humiliating . it turns intelligent , kind people into zombies who canx 92t wash a dish or change their socks . it affects the ability to think clearly , to feel anything , to ascribe value ... funny i was just brooding over how much i hate mobs and i come across this post as the first thread that shows up on the perc homepage . i especially am sickened by nationalism and patriotism ... the ... when i see photos of people on this site , i often wonder how their voices sound ... especially if i think a person is pretty : blushed : tonight , i just feel like giving it all up . i know it'll pass , but i just wonder how did it become so hard to live a meaningful life ? how did it become so hard to do what i want to do ? ok , i'll bite . here's mine ... 62514 see what i mean by babyface : blushed : . i'm going to be id'd at venues until i am 50 y . o . i might have to pull it down in a few days because a little worried ... very pretty :) and you use the limited space of that closet so well ... i have to learn from you . my stuff is crammed pretty randomly in a small apartment wardrobe : laughing : totally agree with this one . i think it has something to do with introverted feeling being the auxiliary . the couple of enfps that i know seem to have a substantial streak of shyness too . which extroverted mbti type do you generally think seems the most introverted ? which introverted mbti type do you generally think seems the most extroverted ? i totally get this too ! we don't have superbowl in australia , but nye is similar if you are in the right spot ... it's one of my favourite times . and even though i'm not big on sports anymore , i still ... work has dried up all of a sudden and so has my revenue stream . this makes me a little bummed . it's like i spend all my time burnt out when i am working and all my time stressed when i don't have ... that sounds great eos_machai . i wish that we had more open borders and less need to conform and comply to a standard , so that we could freely move around the world . then i would definitely visit ... hmm ... i graduated with an education degree , but i'm way too idealistic to work in a school with my hands tied . so actually i work with kids still as a temp staff ... sometimes in childcare and ... i think eventually i'll probably end up with the same feelings that you have towards casual sex . i'd get over it . but yeah ... at the moment i am too inexperienced and curious : blushed : i've moved four times in the past nine months and i can't find a lot of my stuff ! yes the environment i live in plays a huge part in determining my mood . and the general warmth of the household too as abstract as that may sound . i've been back at home for a month after coming back ... totally can relate to little things keeping my brain from getting in order ! i wake up late and that ruins my motivation for wanting to do anything productive . my room is a mess and i feel like i ... my mind is never empty . my mind is never still . it streams like a tap . it flows all over the place . it receives flows from all over the place , like tributaries feeding a river . thinking and feeling ... male quiz show host about to ask the next question : right ... so i've got a hard one for you katie recently i really like to dance despite the fact that i probably look pretty retarded when i do . one time when i went out with my friends i was dancing like a maniac and it was really fun , though ... aww ... i get that from time to time ... except for the better looking thing lol ( not that i have any problems with how i look though ... but one ' bitchy ' part of me does think i at least dress ... i wonder if my first ' girlfriend ' ( if you can call her that ) whom i had a weird / twisted on-off relationship with for 6 or so years was an infp ? i think she's definitely ixfp ... just not sure about ... haha , oh thanks . sometimes i think i take things too literally . like once my friend was joking about getting into a bar fight and everyone got the joke except for me : blushed : i was so worried that i ... hmm ... so i finally decided to update my profile a bit and it turns out the default country of birth for me is ' black-private ' . wtf ? haha , you have the same sense of humour as my intp friend . ahh high school ... it was so messy and disjointed for me ... i missed out a lot of things then ... on growing up . i think i am going through my real adolescence now ! meanwhile my friends are starting ... congrats on motm ! geeezz . infp women are seriously gorgeous . i don't have a photo on me but i'm 25 and apparently i have a baby face . it doesn't work for me ... the only people i feel who glance at me are hmmm ... growing up with a single mother , i think i've been conditioned to feel guilty about wanting to pursue casual sex . i'd say that's changed for me only recently ... say in the last 4 or so months . i ... but i find cute girls gorgeous : tongue : like the girl in your avatar is cute ... and feisty ... dangerous holding that knife . : laughing : i'm picturing it now . cute : tongue : i am pretty short too , especially for a guy lol i had a very long similar sort of relationship with a girl back in high school too . the same sort of things , texting , talking every night , flirty and all . but i was never acknowledged as her ...