' wank azz bitches ! <3 u title says it all . i love euros , even though they fucked up multicultural capitalism . i love brits , as salty as they are for ruining perfekly gud english in their daft wanker way . i love ... on cnbc , they had a statistic relaying how gen x's are relying a ton of their boomer family to make ends meet . australian kids live with their parents until their 30s . i see a trend here . ( and ... bumping this . done a full year at a large-scale starter company , reefer division . have buckets of knowledge to spread if anyone's interested , including : why truckers absolutely hate your fucking ... as a fellow philosophy major , i do not fear you , no matter what you say about your life . i only fear those who have no philosophy , whatsoever . as a truck driver who has delivered to walmart for a ... my nt kumbaya sessions also stopped long ago :( oooohhh , to be a young nt again ... where ! ? i'm not joking . need to know where i belong . the place where the intp and the entj are friends ... i'm sorry , but i don't even understand where the intp and entj interact , much less have have enough of it to become friends . intps are the gods of introspection , and entjs are the executive gods ( + ... i hold a philosophy ba and i've posted some negative things about philosophy studies ( rorty nails it ) , but i do think there is value in it . but with a caveat . i think philosophy is better understood ... lulz , i answered this but in your infj thread ... you put this in all 16 sections ? damn son humans are separated from animal life by the extent and degree to which we infer . animals merely infer about the presence of nearby predators , but humans have ascended over all because we infer about ... see , this post and others make me feel like this thread was totally misunderstood , and / or there exists serious discrepancies to how nts value varying branches of knowledge ( enneagram might factor ... so , i thought it was time to update this piece . i suspect i'm not the only one of my generation that's considered doing this , and let's face it , trucking is daunting . i finished the trucking school ... aristotle said : if you do not know how to do good , find someone who is good , and do what they do . still looking for gandalf . i urge you to look for him as well . why'd you do it ? you've just disclosed your behavior and some history , not your motivations / thoughts . ( trying to play pretend fe-dom here ! ) if i'm not mistaken , entps don't like sharing personal details , exposing themselves , so take that into consideration . i for one hate sharing information , i consider it akin to sharing confidential ... i'm not trying to be elitist , i don't think it should be that way . but the fact of the matter is in academia , much of what you said gets an audience in proportion to your credentials . i'm offering up ... i'm surprised no one's mentioned the academic credentials of myerrs and briggs , which are seen as lacking if not non-existent . if william james had developed something like mbti alongside jung , it'd ... call me cold , but i am one for totally cutting out bigoted and / or very hurtful people out of one's life , even family . fallingleaves - you're far too intelligent and enlightened to be sitting around ... is this where i go to get bitten by a radioactive , vampire intj ? when i hear something like that , i don't get discouraged . i continue to describe , in intricate detail , the texture and contours of the poop i just brought into this world . knowledge is powah they are made of metal . conan the barbarian was actually about the trials and tribulations of women . ... this sounds silly to me . what could possibly cause the elimination of the written word ? books disappearing doesn't prove anything , as things just move into . doc and . pdf formats . if anything , we're ... cuz of their extra large ... boobs . i like intj boobs . wtf happened to this thread ? what is aef's list about ? dude , this thread is fucking awesome . can i hang out here in the intj section ? our sub-forum is boring , lately . i has popcorn , and cun sharez . mothman prophecies , because for some odd reason , i find it highly plausible , unlike most horror films , which are just stupid and annoying . part of me really believes there's entities out there as ... i lulz'd at all politicians ever are entjs . you dorks , where are you gonna get fuel for these things ? the refineries will be shut down , sending people fighting for the last remaining hydrocarbons , mad max style ! clearly , the only logical ... how are you with animals ? i think infjs are natural born animal lovers / dog-sitters , i've known many that did it at the side for decent cash , because the owners trusted them very much and of course ... can you guys give concrete examples of crossing the line ? call me p , but i've met some people that had unrealistic expectations when it came to loyalty . spare the obvious stuff like bad mouthing ... the answer is yes , don't let them tell you otherwise . please see this picture of entjs at an international business conference : 163538 ( the yellow one is a crafty entp that snuck in ) naw dude , super troopers ! ! tell me an entp wouldn't love being a cop with that bunch ... i find that getting on with sjs depends greatly on how i express things . this is one reason why , irl , i try to say things the way that sps express things ( i call it sp-ese , the language of the ... in soviet russia , car drives intp ! > < sorry , had to . another feral infj ? what are you guys doing , breeding out in the woods ? :D welcome you are probably over-inferring the extent to which people know you or how you behave . if anything , people are now noticing your newly found anxiety through your body language - you might be ... i actually thought about becoming a cop , but then i realized i'd get in huge trouble for turning my head to things i think are ok , such as pot use , someone beating up someone that beats their dog , or ... god made the laws that yield biological variance . he did not will gender uniformity , he willed complexity . have you considered that she's developing schizophrenia ? how old is she ? i'd cast my vote for the isfj as the sweetest / most precious ... but isfj men aren't precious ! they're just good guys :p high five , bros ! interrogating . i mean that personally as well as professionally . edit : oh lol , this is about driving ? who are you guys kidding , y'all suck at driving :P se / ne doms pwn you ! you must repent by feeding half of them to a hungry possum , then you will be forgiven . doesn't the fact she is clearly beating herself up over being indecisive and pondering things too much point to j over p ? :p meh , what do i know though . i'm a grown man that still drinks cherry ... maybe you could be a stock analyst for the pharmaceutical industry ? scrutinizing what pfizer and lilly are doing would allow you use both disciplines . you could also open up , or work for , a mutual ... lulz , this thread is hilarious . it's like watching a cute kitten wanting to play with a junkyard rottweiler . if these responses to your let's be friends request haven't told you enough already , ... i think this depends on what variables you take into account with your logical decision to be with someone . if you ask me , being logical about mate selection means incorporating illogical ... don't go off the cog functions , it just leads to more confusion if you ask me . you sound enfj . a lot of those traits you list as evidence for enfp actually fit better with enfj . biological division of labor . all this temperament and cog function stuff are attempts ( most likely very crude ones ) to make sense of this origin . one of your suggestions might actually be a better ... i don't understand - if all you worship is one's own self , then where do the eleven moral codes come from , such as not harming children ? if they're derived from one's own self , don't you need to ... as ruler of the house , you should make a list of arbitrary rules about when / where notes can be written , and what can be written on them . make it a challenge for them , such as : notes must not ... '