going with my gut : sterling - esfp lana - estj mallory - entj cheryl - tough one , due to the insanity . any of the ixxp types fits , but i think specifically istp or infp pam - estp cyril - ... personally , i adore entps , though i wish they used fi instead of fe . that said , fe is much better for manipulating community feeling , and a developed tertiary fe remains my interpretation of obama . i ... i'm an enfp , 32 , male . i still don't grok ni . all of the above examples make perfectly clear sense of the process in the abstract , but i cannot model it in my own brain or observe it in my own ... entp . he utterly reminds me of my best friend , an entp . i posit that obama has intentionally well-developed his fe and practised concrete and value-laden s language ( perhaps with scriptwriters , et ... people in my office think i'm a borderline serial killer : i'm irritable and snappy , consciously having no friends , quite unlike my ' real ' life outside of work . this aggression is mostly because i ... eventually , always . purple , black , silver , very dark green , very light grey paired with very light blue . this is exactly the place i occupy at present . i often lose the battle not to have to explain myself , but increasingly i care less and less about what others think . a new development in my life . i ... others are regularly annoyed with my avoidant tendencies . but screw them , they don't have to deal with the sensitivity , do they ? yes , i can sleep off almost anything , and it's my preferred cure to everything from hangovers to illness to being fired . that said , i often have problems getting to sleep to begin with , but then i ... yeah , this . probably once a year , if i'm lucky , i might cross paths with someone like-minded for a holistically passionate weekend ( last year it was an enfj girl , mind-blowing ... ) , but to friends , ... i think , as painful as it is , leaving yourself open to hurt is how we grow stronger and wiser . they say each type can take their dominant function to a level the other types can not realistically ... yep . that's always been me . my first love once told me that i was ' the kind of boy a girl goes to when she wants to have a holiday from reality , to live in the dream bubble of love for a while , ... yeah ; i get drunk , shut my eyes and if i love the music , i'm a good dancer . open-minded , diplomatic , humanitarian . shame none of those pay the rent . :/ - 32 - male - straight - a gentleman doesn't tell . i lost my virginity at 20 , after having refused opportunities since about age 15 . it was still too early , and she was the wrong person . i ... this is interesting for me - most of my friends have been nts , and they don't have soul or heart at times for me to go that extra step with my admiration . i've met very few nfs that i've recognised , ... the thing i hate is how often suicide is dismissed as stupidity and my first reaction is how utterly shallow those kind of judgements must be . have fantasised plenty , don't think i'd ever have the stones to go through with it though , no matter how bad things got . death is that place your thoughts inhabited 200 years ago . death is the space in your sleep between those few bursts of dreaming . death is just permanent unconsciousness . nothing scary about that , ... very powerful growth and success can be achieved , you have a lot to learn from each other's approach to life , but you're also going to clash about values . my entj ex was very dominant , energetic , and ... yeah , kinda this . i know that , for me , to make a relationship work would take all my energy and exclusive focus on the relationship . i don't have the energy to hold down a job and to try to be a good ... - yes , an easily controlled , but not low , libido . it's not always high , and often surprisingly low when i'm in a relationsip , but it's usually high wherever it is a distraction , like at work in an ... a trifling crime i had no part in . but you can see shades of what i mean when you feel abused in any way . unrequited love is bittersweet , you do get to fantasise at times about what could have ... ireland , the st michel in paris , strasbourg , barcelona , london , venice and bold street in my hometown , liverpool . i have to imagine japan and thailand , maybe canada ; perhaps i'll one day come back ... oh yeah , and this . i've always been a big city boy , a driver's licence is more of a cv-resume qualification than something i'd want personally . i'd say guilt and regret , but they fade over time , eventually ou can become numb to them . it is , horrifically , possible to experience a deep betrayal , arranged to humiliate you publically , merely ... here in the uk , learning to drive is expensive and always done privately . i'm 32 and still haven't gotten around to it , though i've started lessons . i am terrible , which irritates me after about 15 ... i can't disagree with any of this , however it's pretty hard to actually attract the right kind of people when both you , and they , are so rare , leading to long stretches of loneliness and sexual ... music , or the first time you realise your love is requited . infp men don't get the girl . but if we live true to ourselves and with a truly brave kind of compassion , enough of the time , then it's been my experience that , on random occassions and often without ... i'd add that regular clubbing meant for me dancing intensively for hours a few nights a week , so i also miss it now for the exercise ! i was a ridiculously fit 20 - something , all of it through mildly ... a-levels were along time ago for me now ( the last year to do only what you would call h2s , no h1s ... ) but also i did english lang / lit , which i never felt strong at but managed an a without any real ... i've always loved clubbing , though i need a certain level of alcohol to get into my groove , and the club has to play music i can really get into . if i'm sober , i pretty much have to enter the club ... i want to do justice to your response , which , while not infuriating , is a little frustrating . my relationships to friends and family are marked by my guilt at either having to accept hand-outs , or ... it's all very well and nice for the lucky infp males , born with creative talents , money or a supportive community , but being told to be ' happy with who you are ' isn't enough when the rest of the ... so much . i totally get why us infps swoon for enfjs , i'd follow certain enfjs i've known over a cliff for the right cause . i have a harder time seeing the appeal going the other way though . :/ it is possible but requires a great deal of honesty with oneself , which in turn needs a lot of initial calming distance and time . anything heartfelt , anything important on the humanitarian stage , anything abstract , or anything darkly humorous . don't insult people , and try to avoid the every day . in general though , i think ... would you rather she said it feeling forced into it when she wasn't ready ? is hearing the words the only way you can feel love , or is it the only way you can feel secure in your relationship ? there's ... do whatever will cause you to write more , and more , and more . for some , they rebel against criticism , and want to prove themselves ; but i know if it was me , i would take it to heart and use it as an ... an ambivert , as i tend to drift between extremes of extraversion and introversion for months at a time . very , very n , or we won't like each other to begin with . f more than t , though a weak t is a ... unrequited love is fantasy love , so it comes naturally and deeply to infps . the authentic bittersweet feeling is positively addictive . i only escaped from it through harsh contact with reality , over ... i was born a bad loser , but loving games has caused me to learn to fake good manners , the hard way , over years . i rage over things that push my buttons , but i still have trouble forming it into ... ne derailment of fe , picturesque ! ne is the thing i could never give up , best thing about life a lot of the time . yay internet . x i'm not very introverted , i like socialising on my own terms . anyway , might not suit your needs , but i'm a 32 year old straight atheist with a big place in liverpool , england , and i'd love to meet ... why do you want to develop fe ? you can't 100 % extravert or introvert a function - whenever we're using f and we're not entirely alone , fe is being used to . it's about the focus and attention you ...