the ability to make other people feel at ease , the ability to heal or encourage just by your mere presence ... highest was gratitude 83 % lowest spirituality 30 % also alot of the questions seemed the same but were simply worded differently ... i will phrase it differently i think the inherent ability that infp has to make others feel comfortable , leads us to adjusting our personalities to match the environment . ergo it would appear as ... nostalgia the world that once was and will never be again ... at least i can still visit in my mind from time to time . sent from my iphone using tapatalk pro love books , so grateful that we have books in our lives ! hmmm lets see what else .. grateful to be alive and healthy to have friends and family grateful i made a educated choice to turn ... travel is another way to fill a gap year if your circumstances permit it ! i am left handed as well count me in :) what do you wish you knew back then ? i wish i knew how to deal with loss , i also wish i understood the things i understand now . especially regarding knowing my weak points and how to counter them ... i still believed in make believe ninjas when i was 12 and played with toys till about 16 sent from my iphone using tapatalk pro hey there sorry so much bad shit happening to you lately .. i moved from australia to netherlands for my partner and we broke up recently . i can only tell you ik heading back to aus asap my friend , ... i was bullied as a kid immensely and painfully i think it stems from this experience . welcome , must be great being able to use that knowledge to help steer people in a right direction ! duly noted . also a question what age range are we talking here ? i ask because infp men usually come out of seclusion more when they get older ... ( at least the infp males i know in my life have ) i can't stand watching movies .. the plots are predictable , the focus is always on cgi these days , the patters are so easy to recognize and i genuinely have better things to do with my time ... hey ! my close friends always accuse me of being high maintenance as well :P welcome to perc , the subforum entp should be able to help ! happy to hear that myers-briggs is giving you some answers . nothing is more gratifying then understanding why ! i hate stuff i'm not good at haha welcome welcome to perc ! welcome to perc ! mentos may i introduce you to my friend cola ? i think you will like each other ! * puts on dr evil voice * one could say it will be an ... explosive encounter welcome to perc ! i happen to have the same profile on a website and did the same personality test as 5 years ago and was such an obvious inper ^ _ ^ anyway welcome * waves * welcome to perc ! i am also infp and i also have autistic traits , guess you have found a kindred place here ! welcome welcome to perc , let the mindgames begin ! :D his loss ! welcome ? to perc :) welcome to perc ! welcome aboard mate sent from my iphone using tapatalk pro i've always been a very private person .. but upon reflecting there is definitely an insecurity variable in the mix . sent from my iphone using tapatalk pro travellers , paths these are the kinds of keywords that make me want to say gday so welcome ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk pro welcome fellow infp sent from my iphone using tapatalk pro wow hit the nail on the head here .. also so recognizable for me . i am working hard to make this not affect me as much though . wow i can identify with this so much ... i love to go on long hikes or bushwalks just to get away from the noise of our digital , technological world .. i also have a problem that i hear all ... i have recently come out of a pretty icky twelve year relationship , i should be over the moon being single again but somehow i am not really that happy about it at all ... i love being able to ... heh actually as a dj goes im probably one of the most withdrawn ones that does his gig . i genuinely don't like sharing images of myself online ( which is really hard as a dj i know ! ) im up to the challenge ! also you are my 200th post ! welcome ! i am about 246 lbs and 6 ' 2 i guess my genetics could have been alot worse .. but nothing can truly change how you feel on the inside :P anatomy collection : body sent from my iphone using tapatalk pro even though i am 1,90 meters a huge guy with tattoos etc i still get this anxious feeling when stepping into a room of people ... it's weird because i am helluva sure i am more scary looking than all ... i feel you every time i become assertive i instantly regret it and almost feel apologetic ... worse thing is folks in my life don't play fair anyway lol sent from my iphone using tapatalk pro thanks , i am not sure how i got the idea but i knew that everyone here has some nugget of wisdom or life experience to share . i have enjoyed reading all your ideas and thoughts you guys rock <3 another lesson a friend of mine really advocates ( hard for me as infp i don't like being uncomfortable ) yes very sound advice ! great insight ! counsellors and psychologists will ... absolutely great advice so far folks keep em coming ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk pro friday is legday i'll keep that in mind haha sent from my iphone using tapatalk pro hey , i wanted to create a spot where we can pass on some wisdom or anything really that helps in the daily struggle of life . one thing i learned from a friend of mine ( he generated a six figure ... hey , i feel your pain i really do .. when i was in primary school i always felt like i was watching everyone else but never really a part of anything . i would notice hierarchy groups and usually ended ... infp males are not common , welcome brother infp welcome mashedtaters ! if you like mbti you may also find enneagram interesting ... well enough to do here so good luck and welcome . why hai there / waves this is great , i think i will leave you to it for miauw .