 i live in europe i love coffee i can't live without music wohooow holland have six points and won from australia lol , okay i think i read that wrong ... yes , it is me , sorry changed again but i like this one so much yeah you may join i'm good too ! welcome : ) my name is leen , it looks a lot like ' ' lien ' ' heheh , welcome ! this annoys me a little bit : do people like someone only because of their user name ? ? ? ! ! ! don't kidding me ... there is some much more then only a user name : i love my new user name londonandeye ! ! i don't care what others say : kitteh : i'm gonna wish i had a storm warnin ' i'm gonna wish i had a sign i'm gonna wish i had a little heads up a little leeway , a little more time some kind of radar system locked in on love i got a ... the netherlands i'm a girl hehehe okay i'm jealous now i always wanted to go to paris , i have never seen the eiffel tower , are you a boy or girl ? welcome ! so where are you from ? what's your name ? yes me too , give me some : kitteh : to get some more energy without to have some sleep ... how are youuu ? ; i see now that i joined 10 days ago , wow , time goes fast ... well , thank you okay sorry hehehe i was chatting with other people too , so ... xdollie . heeey ! how is easy : just complete a registration :p anyway , hello there nice to meet you amoon i'm good thanks and you ? twitchdelabrat well thank you for your free hug feeling much better now sorry but i'm not good in conversations , lol , how are you ? hello ? i don't read in my spare time ; ) but thanks all my tv shows ended so do you know some good tv shows with more then 5 seasons ? cool , i'm from the netherlands hey welcome to this amazing place , where are you from ? welcome , i loveee fluffy things : kitteh : searching for tv shows with more then 5 seasons pizza is my favorite food so thank you : wink : i want to download that tv show but how much seasons has that show ? i can't find a good torrent ... i love italy ! ! ! i love this site , i joined a few days ago and i'm addicted to this place <3 i met many people and i'm planning to meet more , i listen to my favorite music and i'm relaxing in my room why can't i thank this thread ? : kitteh : uh , because i'm happy clap along if you feel like a room without a roof because i'm happy clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth because i'm happy clap along if you know what ... i like the thought from this your welcome , so whats up ? : ) i dreamed about my old work and old friends ... now i miss them more then i did before : kitteh : me too ! hey i'm leen from the netherlands , i'm 25 but soon 26 ; nice to meet you kevin okay cool , nice so much seasons heheee , do you watch other tv shows ? sometimes i just want to live and don't worrying about fears sometimes i want to go further and forgive the hard , difficult years but i know i can't do that cause the memories stay inside ... okay i loveee friends ! ! ! i have the extended collection <3 33 so i think i like how i met your mother too , how much seasons has that tv show ? welcome ! i'm leen , i draw too and i live in the netherlands , where are you from ? : ) i'm downloading now the first season from how i met your mother ? do you have watched that tv show and is it worth to give it a try ? yooo hehehe how are you doing ?