' i also think he's 8w7 so / sp which is exactly what i think my type is . but i don't think i have that much narcissism in me ( at least consciously . ) this is interesting because i keep asking myself : ... hey ! good seeing you on here . good to be back . i'm running into real life situations where i need to brush up on my enneagram knowledge . also want to learn more about the instincts which i didn't ... right , almost like he wants people to think he's sexual but he's not really sexual . i read that in college , he spent most of his free time working , not chasing women . a long time friend said he ... interesting , i often feel if the individual is solid or not after meeting him . the solid ones can be tough but i always feel at ease with them . this solidity is almost physical , it's more than ... first of all , i never say anything personally . i like ts , that's why i'm going out of my way to be sincere and call him out when i think he's being slick , intellectually slick . i've seen this trend ... hey y'all , first of all i like to think we are all here in the pursuit of knowledge . so i would like to be as objective as possible about what i observe : remember back when .. in the dark age of ... ? ? ? i still don't know where you get your stuff but ok , we're just gonna part here :) well i don't really subscribe to the dominant-wing theory . i believe i'm influenced by both wings . but if i had to pick , it'd have to be 7 because the charlatan attributes are strong in me :) but ... lol , when i struck a kid , i always felt like i wasn't responsible because it felt like something else was doing the striking and i was watching it , like i blanked out during the process . it's a very ... i'm going in and out of paradigms as i often turn off my enneagram mode when talkng real life situations but we are in an enneagram forum so i should have clarified :) the counter thing that ... inconsistent with his personality , not his ennea-type . i don't know what it is yet :) you know my friend better than i do ? :) from an outside observer , if someone is gluttonous about everything ... good stuff . i see this in a friend of mine who i think is a 7 : he is gluttonous about everything in his life except for his diet . he's the strictest dieter i know . it seems so inconsistent with his ... yeah , could be that i consider it as a mental model therefore turn it off in real life scenarios . absolutely , every person was born with a hole in their heart , a void in their soul that cannot be filled by the ordinary . because the soul knows where it came from . the finite always yearns to be ... y'all catch me at a lazy time in my life :) wish it was 2 years ago when i was in my enneagram mode i guess i won't be able to do your post justice ... speaking of justice ... let me do this ... interesting that a five considers things leaving him a loss of power , like it's a zero-sum world : anything gained from some where has to be lost from some where because there is no source that the ... shape the world . just to add on to the notion that mistypes can be beneficial . since the enneagram is just a mental construct and not reality , there is no mis anything . mis reinforces the dichotomy of right and ... hey , i resent that . ok i'd argue that it is still very hard to have any values not influenced by or derived from one's compulsions . within each of us , there are values more important than other values . my biggest , most ... ok , just jotting this down before the idea escapes my head :) the mixing , blending of compulsions and values , i believe can be very fluid . maitri , as learned from naranjo does mention how eight's ... ok , i meant you as in we , all of us . what i feel is the compulsions vs values thing is more fluid and not as clear cut as we think . when you / we say what our values are , they are the values of ... ok , just to muddle the water ... don't your values come from your super ego ? may be it's just the battle between the id , ego and superego ? :) back to enneagram land , we have the personality vs ... the 142857 line is organic to the enneagram even before it was applied to the enneagram of personalities ( 1/7 = 0.1428571428 57 ... ) so i think as long as we take the leap of faith to be here , we should ... it is the best analogy that i can use to relate the concept to popular culture , as it is in the mind of most people . we don't know the real intention of the writer , but i do know there have been a ... it is more freedom . neo's extra ordinary powers only works when he's inside the matrix but that only happens after he realizes there's a matrix . the people who took the blue pills just carry on their ... space and time are part of the universe . you cannot run away from the universe , it's everywhere . there's also no chaos out there , it's all order but the rules are far beyond your comprehension for ... yep , and this not some ideological stance , it is reality when you really look at it . the reason it is opposed is because it offends the equality crowd . they cannot accept that all roles are unequal ... self observation ! some times you catch it later , some times during or even before the act . that means you see things that your personality usually doesn't allow you to see . the more this happens the ... ok , forgot to touch on the connection of one to the universe : if we lived in a 2 dimensional world , that is we can not see anything in the 3rd dimension : we can only see length and width on the ... well , a little more general than that . i'm talking about the realization that the universe is not 100 % mechanical , at least not mechanical in the way we expect . it's not like a vending machine : ... it's not a question of should . you have been connected to the universe whether you like it or not . it's perfectly fine to believe what one believes . some things are meant to be known by some and not ... almaas has his whole school of diamond approach thing . facets of unity is the intersection of the enneagram and that , all from eastern philosophies . facets of unity is a great alternate perspective ... absolutely . before anyone too quick to doubt naranjo , he's spent years and years counseling and studying people before and after he was introduced to the enneagram . his knowledge base of actual cases is huge ... maitri has some unique insights that neither almaas nor naranjo have . both of those are up in the clouds somewhere and she is more down to earth . she has the sensibilities of a normal person . she ... awesome . i have beelzebub's tales , in search of the miraculous and the fourth way and a bunch of others by his students . in search of the miraculous and the fourth way are the more readable of the ... good stuff . i did a bit of research into temperaments & physical typologies . fascinating stuff . too bad they were discontinued . strangely , this reminds me of my post few years back , lol type 9 is at the top of the ... i believe r & h only talk about the harmonic groups in wisdom of the enneagram . i didn't see any mentions of them in personality types . personality types is the predecessor of wisdom of the enneagram ... and where did you get this ? from experience ? from r & h ? how do you go from 8 ' s fixation and passion to reactive harmonic style ? where is the link connecting the harmonic groups to the enneagram ... edit : just to clarify , i wasn't talking about the head / heart / gut triads , those are organic to the enneagram . it's the other two added on layers by r & h . for example : new enneagram guy : i'm a ... ok , just a quick comment ... in wisdom of the enneagram ... r & h make things way too convinient .. they have a bunch of triads that they lay over the 9 types without explaining how or why . it's like ... any kind of online test is inaccurate . test questions are finite points used to extrapolate an entire curve / line that has an infinite number of points . esp . the multiple choice questions that have ... this is what maitri also said about 2 in the same book : from my limited understanding of superego , it's the should part of your psyche . there are a lot of should's there quoted above . ... awesome ... let's talk about what you find out .. :) yes , you would , being a devil's advocate ( palmer ) lol , j / k both the enneagram and jung's work have roots in spirituality and mysticism . read any of the fourth way book , better yet , read jung's ... the enneagram and mbti are just as magical thinking as astrology . but we're here aren't we ? :) i'm intrigued ... which book are you talking about ? have you read zannos's book ? i think so too . zannos and even collin did not mention any libra or taurus in their books as far as i can recall . i think they're pointing to something more fundamental . i did not mention them ... '