' no , i don't think you're being disloyal . it was totally within your rights to request a transfer , and you did so politely . even so , you're probably making minimum wage and not getting many benefits - ...     ah , so cool . i hope i'll be able to do it in the next couple years . what's motivated your travels , if i can ask ? aha , perhaps we are kindred spirits ! i suspect it is 9w1 4w5 7w6 . but it might be ... i love traveling . actually , pretty much all of the money i make goes towards traveling after i cover necessities . it's hard to explain why i love it so much and feel the need to do it . maybe it stems ...  i feel pretty neutral about both . both in moderation are fine but dangerous if you become too reliant on them ( obviously ) . drugs , though ... i'd never try anything beyond smoking pot occasionally ... i ...  basically the same way as you , which is to say : i don't handle it . i ignore , avoid , stew about it silently , and hope it will go away . maybe someone else has some better advice . haha watercolour painting and political economy growing up is weird . your early 20s are weird . graduating from university and moving away indefinitely is weird .     1 . ) what is your favorite word ? plume 2 . ) what is your least favorite word ? cramp 3 . ) what turns you on creatively , spiritually , or emotionally ? traveling ! 4 . ) what turns you off ? willful ... people mistyping as infjs doesn't bother me . i think maybe it's detrimental to whoever mistypes themselves if they take the mbti too seriously and start attributing infj qualities / behaviours to ... jeez . this thread is like the pandora's box of the internet unleashed .  i get this all the time . i think it's because i'm generally quiet , have a moderate case of resting bitch face , and 90 % of my wardrobe is black . people are surprised when they realize i'm not really ... dude you just debunked the myth of the infj in one sentence . so accurate . i disagree with your characterization of fe and fi ... the worst stereotypes of fi seems to be overemotional , overdramatic and oversensitive , and of fe as insincere , traditional , and conformist . most of my good friends are infps . i love them and we have great conversations ( mostly about shared concerns - social injustice , politics , etc . ) but they are so much more emotionally deep than i am ...  i think , in general , infjs tend to be altruistic and types that would want to ' root for the underdog . ' politically this would manifest in advocating bigger or more comprehensive social programs , ... entps are a mystery to me . the ones i've known ( or suspected ) are so good at their confident-witty-snarky-outgoing-too cool for you persona thing , but it's hard to get to know them beyond the ...  i rediscovered rammstein today , buried in my itunes library from early high school ( the height of my teen angst ) . somehow ... i still love them ... haha i think there are very few people who actively dislike me . generally it seems people seem to like me or are neutral about me . i've been told i am mysterious or unapproachable ( ? ? ? ) but i'm not rude ... '