' i ditto many ones already said and would add a show on netflix called limitless - so completely ne in its concept that i would recommend to anyone who will listen . there is also a movie by the same ... i love the button pushing , but i have conditioned myself to play nice . i envy the entps who are more fearless , but i hold back constantly and it makes me pretty unsatisfied . i actually need to back ... function wise it is a good fit . i just have pretty well developed tertiary fe which made it easy to relate to infjs and makes me less trollish ( is that even a word ) than the stereo type of entp , but ... i did dabble in that type because i had a hunch i was more a t than a f , but never went to the extroverted intuition because i thought i was an introvert - surprise ! it's an extrovert ! anyway i could ... took a little break to try and pin down my type and after much searching and some outside consultation , i am coming out of the closet as entp , which is why i felt similar to but not quite infj . you ... everything prada said ! those conversations are relationship glue and if they aren't natural , it doesn't work . sorry to be so black and white here , but te dominates need relationships that aren't ... i am visiting your subforum to get some idea whether i use ti or fi . how would you distinguish between the two ? i am leaning more to ti so i thought to explore the opposite for contrast . give me an ... it took me a long time to conceptualize ni . basically the way i work is i take outside patterns ( ne ) and organize them on the inside using logic ( ti ) which can feel like descriptions of ni . i am ... i am moving opposite of you - lived most of my adult life as an infx but am discovering that doesn't really fit the way i think , just the way i behave - which is essence was a script i was following to ... my last test was te 70 % ti 70 % ne 90 % ne 90 % fe 50 % fi 45 % se 20 % si 25 % or something like that . honestly think that on further reflection i don't use te that much , i probably use ne more but it is ... i would love an expert to finally help me pin down my type . i retest pretty often and have hit on a pattern of n dominate consistently over time . i spent so much time studying the functions and ... i can relate to so much of what you were writing about . typing oneself can be such a challenge . i was stuck on understanding the functions for a long time because while i agree that they are the key ... i have two daughters seven years apart and the esfj is the older one . i do have to get on her to not parent her sister so i get that would be true . she tries really hard not to , but it's just natural ... first thing that came to my mind : huh huh huh they said tool ... in beavis voice and then i was off on a tangent . nice thought vacation ... i have two esfjs in my life - my daughter and my good friend . i understand where you are coming from . they definitely can have issues with the idea that some people like their space and autonomy , but ... my daughter is an esfj and is extremely sensitive to other people . sometimes i wish she wouldn't worry so much about what people think and just be herself , but she would never want to hurt someone ... jane eyre it's never too late to talk about a bad knee ;) haba aba daba aba thank you for posting that and just to clarify that is not remotely what i experience . i just imagine the words , i don't actually hear anything in the physical sense . i think ... wow . that was a great explanation of how it works for me . given this data set , this must be a n thing , not particular to ne or ni . checked with the voices and they say no . i am not exactly sure how to explain this , but i usually have chatter in my head . either replaying a conversation or imagining a conversation how it might play out . some of these are pretty complex ... agreed . entps are scary . obviously i am questioning my j vs . pness . i am a pretty laid back j or a more organized p . you describe our relationship to a tee . i do so many things because he likes it done that way . sometimes i ... sounds like an interesting investigation . tell me more about being married to an xstj . i am pretty sure my guy is an estj and it can be interesting at times . he definitely gets into modes and there is no distracting him unless i want an ... i almost always have talking in my head . it is more dialogue than monologue . i play out conversations with other people or even whole scenarios . this pretty much happens unless i am getting enough ... my first inclination is to present my idea and back it up if necessary with an argument . if i refrain from debating with someone on a point , it is because it is a futile waste of breathe not because ... that line ... well i can imagine the scenario in my head and no that is definitely not me . i worked with an isfj , my teaching partner , and she was the sweetest person but she drove me insane . i ... first off - catching entp interest required some bait - sorry no death star was involved . second thank you for all the feedback - the infjs are just telling me to not worry i am okay just being me ... i liked the feedback about evaluating which judging preference goes with which perceiving preference and i am not sure . if i had to make a guess , i would not say i use my intuition to read people ... oh i would definitely skip variables - in fact i could benefit from slowing the process down a little sometimes because i over consolidate variables to get to a theory faster . i definitely start ... i am having an mbti identity crisis . i know there is a separate subforum forum for this , but you don't seem to have the tj obsession on posting place observances so i hope you will indulge me posting ... i am in the eternal quest to type myself accurately and i am stuck . here are my results from the similar minds website function test : te and ti both 70 % ne and ni both 90 % se 15 % si 25 % fe 60 % ... me too . graduated high school in 1990 . hi . i am new here and just jumped over from the infj subforum and i have to agree that the descriptions kept me mistyping as an infj because i like people and am not overly scientificbut i kept ... i can imagine that would be quite the change ! that is a beautiful area , but i have to say i am partial to the west . i guess that makes us neighbors in the western sense - separated by a less than 12 ... an entj . i love both bronte sisters ' novels . may i ask where ? i am an idaho girl myself . first off , i am sorry you are having a hard time . i can relate to being surrounded by the younger and flashier , but i always remind myself i am the experienced and wiser and if employers choose flash ... what kind of romantic gestures do you like ? celebrating a significant anniversary later this summer and would like to do something special for the hubby . he doesn't go for fuss at all and seems to be ... it wasn't one thing , mostly just a feeling that infj was close , but not quite . what pushed it over the edge was sitting in a data meeting ( i am a teacher ) and having the person running the meeting ... yes . i understand the mismatch now and what you are saying about nuances of personality . but i realize , i prefer the big picture system where there is some predictablilty and overarching trends in ... i made a thread awhile ago , trying to self analyze yet again ( perfectionism rears its ugly head ) . the question that was asked to me in that thread was why does it matter and i want to explain why it ... how did i mix up the generations ? i was basically a kid in the 80s and finding myself in the 90s and still basically a kid and if you at 38 could be my mom that would be a scientific miracle as i am ... i can hang with the gen yer's also . i lived their lifespan so i can relate to what they talk about and i stay pretty up to date on current trends . i have more trouble with the millennials though - not ... sometimes i wish i had a fearless bravado where i feel i could be completely myself without an ounce of self consciousness like an entp . sometimes i wish i had pure intellect and conclusions ... aaaawww ! ! ! you guys are reminding me of so much cool stuff . also not helping with the feeling really old , which is something i struggle with , not sure why . just went through about two years ... i also dissected stretch armstrong and discovered the red ooze . when i mastered no hands , i was ecstatic . i ride a 21 speed mongoose now that i have had since 96 which i bought to ride to college classes because i was too broke for a car . i love to ride but don't ... '