' i thought personality cafe had a rate my pic thread somewhere well people in my area dont use dating sites a lot so i must use the best one , i use mostly tinder 656906 6569 14 656922 from real life experience : esfj - is a social butterfly talks to everybody enfj - the same entp - behaves like esfp often doing something crazy and embarrassing for fun enfp - makes friends with ... because like everything in humans , the ideal male is 50 % hardwired ( genes ) in women and 50 % a societal construct , probably because for thousands of years warrior personalities were the most ... normal extrovertsion criteria don't apply to ntps since they are not social people . meanwhile here i am wishing to be a j , seriously we live in a j world why would someone want to be p i will use whole sentences or phrases instead . entp - but this is the way you should behave , you should care more about your image enfp - but what you are saying is illogical , you are ... first of all maybe you are infp ? that would explain why youre getting so pissed at the sj thinking . the only real way you can understand how mbti works , is by going outside and meeting new people typing them in the process.that is the only way because mbti theory is still very incomplete as it is ... what do you mean ? ofc if i understood correctly what youre saying , i think that the positives outweight the the negatives in entps.the reason i focused on the negatives was because the only way to ... you missed completely my intention , i don't care what other people think of me ( at least not so much ) , the reason why i created this thread is because i wanted to stop that intuitive circlejerk ... it depends on how much extraverted / introverted is the person.enxps are the most introverted extroverts so id say that they are the most introspective also . yes but still in the end they always do badass things and they always win . a good always prevails kind of thing guys what are you talking about , they are both extraverted sensors . nick isnt entp , he is a con-artist goddamnit lol he is estp judy is not a j she is too spontaneous.she has a dream and tries ... the protagonist from sword art online is infp and badass.what is with infps and anime anyway ? why is every infp in anime always so badass and so respected and loved ? i like most infps i have met but ... also my point was to criticize each n type separately . n types are too different to be seen as a group with certain common characteristics , the only common things they have among each other is ... infps are the best listeners , enfps & intps are the worst listeners . xnfj : these ppl are prone to imagine stuff then believe that its the truth and teach it to others.the lack of critical thnking involved in this process makes them prone to destroy the world without ... since everywhere here we see about the positive qualities of ns and the negative qualities of sensors , i would like to create a post to balance out the situation . so let me start with my type ... you are talking about estjs there lol the entj ofc , the most manipulative type ever . considering tha the core of personality type is genetic , how did it evolve and at what type of environment . ? of course we can only speculate . let me start with my type entps : ( things that ... esxps laugh with physical things , like when someone is slapped or when someone trips and looks funny.they also have the most aggressive humour of all types . entps make and like jokes that are ... i have seen that pairing a lot , but only in friendships never seen romantic relationship between those two ( extravert + extravert = rare ) , also estj + esfp is pretty common in friendships to those who are good at typing others irl , what are the most common parings you have seen ? i mean both in friendships and relationships.me : esfj - isfp pretty common esfj-infp also pretty common ... i dont know what superpowers you have , but it is not obvious at all if someone is fe dom through the forum.you have to actually see them in real life and how they behave with other people and how ... the arts are dominated by sensors especially arts like acting , music , dancing ... i think you can find a crazy amount of xsfps there . lol how did you start dating in the first place . i mean there must have been some initial dislike between you if she is unhealthy isfj isfjs come at 2 flavours : - the fe isfj , this is the type that is cute and loving / caring , they are / look genuine in their use of fe , and typically are very warm hearted individuals - th si-ti type , ... i dont think you know what ne is actually , it is not about believing that every possibility is true although enfps would be more prone to that than entps , it is about seeing every possibility . ( also a ... first of all humans work like that get over it , we are all fake . second , you seem to be angry about today's popular culture , i agree that today's culture is as shit as it goes but we cant blame ... esfp : they are the embodiment of the party attidute.more often than not they will wear the party animal persona , they like to have fun , are naturally the most social extraverted perceiver and the ... what is the craziest experience you have had in your life ? for me it was when we were hanging out in a mountain with some friends and one friend carried weed with him.it got dark and then we left ... i am greek too i ll answer stuff well i agree that they dont hurt anybody so there is no reason to criticize them , but when i see bronies i instictually feel that they are somewhat inferior and lame.also i think that most of them ... i have read beebes theory about archetypes and the arm and the spine of consiousness.the theory states that every type associates the aux with the parental archetype and the tertiary with the child ... i know i am an extraverted intuitive for sure and i have a weakness for fe . i thought i was entp all along but recently i am starting to challenge that.first of all i have something like social ... what is your opinion about socionics duality attraction ? from the time i learned about mbti i have tried to type every person i know / i meet , and i have become very good at it . from what i have ... i have seen a lot of typing done and although typing is not exactly an objective process , most of the times i can see some absurd typings based on stereotypes and biases . i have noticed some ... istj or infp anti-social entp ? you clearly use fe , i am not sure about si but if i had to chose i would say esfj my instincts tell me enfp or xnfp isfj-good at taking care of others ( and being boring most of the time ) esfj-are mostly pretty caring people and can be pretty fun when they use their ne estj-good at details and maintaining ... in my opinion i have noticed that mostly si-users watch sports.in fact here in greece most football fans are either young se users who just watch football to go nuts and behave like hooligans and ... also sometimes i tend to shy away from showing my real self especially in front of girls because i have a feeling that if i show them my crazy self then i dont have a chance.that is when i am trying ... hahahahah then i am an entp , especially the boredom , and the thing about corrupting the group's equilibrium are spot on ! :p i have a question though , is ne a chatty function or no ? because i tend ... canyouu experts please give me a tip on whether i am ne dom or ti dom other than the classic definitions of e / i because i have social anxiety and it doesnt apply to me . thankes ( i am possibly entp ... the 60s hippie era drugs , sex and rock n roll . my worst time era would be the 50s '