' i need to get people's answer to the following question for an assignment in a cultural diversity class : what is diversity ? there are no wrong answers , but just don't look up and put a ... wow , that is amazing ! ! ! congrats . zephellnoka i am great at keeping secrets because i rarely tell people things that other people have said to me , even stuff that would not be considered a secret . it just feels wrong to be sharing other ... when some of your closest friends are people you met through a forum like personality cafe . when you ignore your friends for a few weeks and they eventually come to your place to see if you are alright . you know you're an introvert when your roommate goes on vacation and all you look forward to is having a nice quiet house and not being bugged or interrupted for anything . dear empathy bear , in your bear like manner , could you explain the differences between empathy and sympathy ? i find it a bit confusing and i see a lot of people mixing the two up also . some ... i agree with nuue mostly , except for the confronting part . instead of confronting them ask them to explain why they don't want you to go to prom . in other words , approach the situation from a ... dear empathy bear , i have this friend that i like , but she gets drunk several times a week . the problem is i don't like to be around her when she gets drunk because she gets a bit loud and crazy ... i would like to see a link that would enable users to see who is posting in the forums as it happens live . it would enable users to see which forums are most active right now and then they might ... i started to read the essay because i was procrastinating an assignment , but now i am going to procrastinate finishing the essay on procrastination and do my assignment . all you really have to do ... welcome , it sounds like the two of you have different ideas of what you want in relationship and it is causing lots of problems . this girl at work sounds like a real class act . i wonder if it is ... fulgar quote : talking with others and opening up . it's a lot harder than it sounds , though . that's why intps can be seen as un-empathetical . i agree , it sounds easy , but if it were easy i would ... hziegel quote : most people are not interested in solving the problem , so trying to give a detailed analysis and solution is the last thing you should be worrying about . this i also don't get ... to answer elwin's question : are you saying that you feel empathetic but have trouble expressing it ? no it is like i can't see things from their perspective and the inability to understand their ... welcome jane doe , i am still a bit tired , even after taking a nap for an hour . i have been thinking about this a lot lately and have not come to a real good answer . my personal experience is that empathy is rather hard for me to convey to others . it takes some work to become ... since this is not an introduction then this is me not welcoming you to the forum . montreal , i have never visited but would like to someday , when it is not snowing or cold . dark green and the color of rust . dr . evil and mini me have you every seen someone do something so strange or idiotic that you felt like blurting out some random advice ? or maybe someone said something to you and you later thought of a great retort . now ... when you make up jokes inside your head and laugh out loud because they are so funny . i would only advise getting back into a relationship with her if you think she has changed . being blamed or criticized for arguments is not fun and likely both people are to blame for engaging in ... i have a hard time focusing on what people are saying sometimes or focusing when i am working on a project . i find myself easily distracted by something else i either must do or something i would ... it sounds like you are under a lot of stress from school and heartbreak from having a relationship end . the root of anger is feeling like a victim and we often feel that anger gives us back our ... i second spirited away , it was so great and mysterious . other favorites wall-e , up , caroline , and all of the pixar shorts are really funny . i always liked the fractured fairy tales on the rocky and bullwinkle show . it was always amusing to see their take on fairy tales and how the endings were always contradictory to the original plot ... how did empathy bear become so empathetic ? who is your favorite movie villain ? hal from space odyssey 2001 . hi promethea , i like the bar code at bottom of your post . did you make that ? i joined the forum because i thought it was exclusively an isfj forum because it was listed under a websites isfj personality description . i wanted to learn more about this specific mb personality ... hi , detonated dreams , i have only known my myer's brigg type for little over a year now , and once i found out my type everything i thought that was odd or wrong about me was just due to my type . ... congrats . i can't wait for the day when someone mistakes me for a robot ! that does not compute . that does not compute . that does not compute . when i first took the test i got intj , but have since decided i fit the description more for intp . a lot of the time i test intj still . i have since come to realize i could be either depending on ... i think it could be a self-fulfilling prophecy if the person is easily influenced and someone is trying to convince them of their type . eventually , once this person does a little more research into ... hi dino , i like your avatar , and good luck on not becoming banned . i have no idea how strict they are , but i know they want you to fear the worst so that most people would not create multiple ... i was wondering what is the purpose of post rank ? what does the statuses like v . i . p . member mean too ? i have been curious about this for awhile now and have been unable to find an answer to ... does anyone want to know why i think introverts are evolutionarily better equipped than extroverts ? yes , alamour , please tell us why . hello nikki , welcome to the wonderful world of personality cafe . tigers , sea otters , and the tiny geckos that run up and down the walls in my backyard . hello kozato , which class were you bored in , and why ? yes , i would want to attend if it was either close to home or at a good vacation spot , and there better be good food provided by the conference admins . hello , how are you ? i'm human . me too , but i try to be less obvious about it . i'm an infj . i like literature , yarn , bicycles , index cards , revolutionary thought , and things that you can put ... nope , i only found out about the event after it had passed . welcome yourlovelyquinn , i know how you feel . i little over a year ago i find out i am an intp and was so grateful to find out i was not abnormal , i am just a quirky introvert . welcome totobean and raiderguy ! ! ! totobean , i actually test as an intj most often but i identify more with the intp descriptions i have read on various sites and books . i have had a few test ... istj's are fine in my book too . hey darkestar : is your avatar a painting by lesli englert ? i really love her work and thought it was cool that your avatar looks like something she might have ... hello von kevin bado alag , it is my pleasure to be the first to post and welcome you . personality type in the myers-briggs test inform us about how each of us interacts with ourselves , others , ... happy birthday happyfacesmiles ! ! ! and welcome back to the forum . where have you been ? i hope you are having a really great day . '