' this beautiful shit right here : his undertale ones are great . he also made me listen to the entire chrono trigger and mega man x series ost all over again . i'm on linux . :( checking this kid a 2.0 new radiohead album right here . unf now i know why they call it space rock ; literally sends you to fucking space . it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes it goes ... maybe my english hearing is really bad , but i can't hear the hook the same as it is described on lyric pages . anyway , this is an awesome track jesus christ ... just found this . adding to my list of music for you to kill yourself to . also favorite albums . by my family alemão ( german - the demonym - in portuguese ) . when i used to be quite white and kinda blonde . amarelo ( yellow in portuguese ) . when i started growing up and losing all my paleness . by ... at first i was like then i was like > this thread * puts on fedora * excuse me mr , but the majority of those are called rage faces * tips fedora * wish i could listen to this while high  coldwave is simply the best electronic subgenre tsk , tsk . fucking french people and their god-tier music .  ... i hate coffee because it's disgusting . it disturbs my stomach for some fucking reason . i smoke weed like 5 times , and i had bad trips thrice : the two first times , and the last one . i don't know , ... god , i fucking love shoegaze / drone / goth . i think it's a stupid habit to get into , but that's a biased view since both my parents smoke and they spend some serious money on it and it's not like we're any good and dandy on financial matters ... > tfw you don't get to suck a lemon when you wake up hm , immature infps . they cry and get sad for no fucking reason , and can't really cope with it ; e . g . my girlfriend . besides , i don't really care for their types , as long as they're not fucking ... 7 years or so , i was 11 . a letter from my father . i can feel sad but it's pretty hard for me to cry . it's also pretty hard for me to feel sad , anyway . feels good , man . i learned the best swearing ever created with this vid . ye fukken wankstain doubt . not trying to be the avant-garde boy , but as i got deeper and deeper into underground artists , projects and genres in general , i started to notice how popular music can be mediocre at times . but ... i can be apathetic and uncaring without really being a dick towards others , you know . that's p . easy , you just need to pull your head out of your arse . how come i haven't heard this before ? i know the pieces fit cause why not  i don't like having cats but i like to watch those cute gifs ; i like cute things but i hate children ; sometimes i like to go to parties , but just to eat the good stuff and the drinks ; my grades ... proibidão , sub-genre of brazilian funk , appealing to lyrics containing violence , street gang apologia , sex and heavy drugs . roçar , some sort of cuddling but with filthy , sexual innuendos ... this seems too much first world for me . shit is like 1/3 of my mom's wage and it's too heavy to download through my shitty web . a couple of friends pirated it so they're probably transferring it to me through usb or something . i had ... wow . tons of smart intps here . can't believe this thread is serious . i don't drink coffee , by the way . when i do , it's home-made . because i can't afford ordering out . too expensive . i'm poor . no , no , no , ... how's the tendency of an intp seeking for pleasure in his / her life ? what makes you seek it ( or avoid it ) ? tell me your reasons and views on the matter . too long ; read it all . do we upvote threads now ? what is this , leddit ~ ~ reddit ? you have the best love sagas , man . i still remember the teacher one . 10/10 as i do enjoy my time alone , i enjoy when i get to explore my interests ... alone . i don't want to discuss programming with a friend , i actually want to code something useful and entertaining to ... good luck , fam . coming from a family with poor background and third-worlders , i'd say it's very important . mainly because it gets even more important as we lack it . also , even more now , with the economical crisis my ... why fucking shayla , man ? the purpose of this thread is to actually attract the ones who do . other feedback is appreciated though , so anybody who doesn't is free to comment and post their views / experiences . when did you started ? why , how ? was there any external influence ? what do you actually think of this bad habit ? are you addicted to any of them ? do you feel the weight on your health / wallet ? ... i'm sorry to say that your gf must not wipe herself properly . and not just wipe , but wash it enough for that matter . i did a geometric pattern or some shit , got 98 , which was online . also did another logical / mathematical one , also online , got 126 . according to it , i was already gifted . now when can i get dem ... '