' i'm str 8 at night . i just moved here to sc from fl about a year ago . i left behind a lot of friends . since being here i haven't really found anybody cool enough to chill with . there are people that ... i have 0 friends . i don't trust anybody . you know you are a certain type of estp when you go to prison twice and 6 county jail bids and you still don't learn your lesson . life is a big game so get it hard with street smarts forget books . i know one thing . there is nothing fake about me . so i am all the way around live real and a bag of chips . i like being a realist . it's better than being a fakest . i am ready to get things done now ... i'm awesome in math . i suck in reading and writing . i suck at homework . i can't concentrate long enough to read books . i hate books and can't stand reading . i don't have patience for homework . so ... mine are it is what it is . what you see is what you get . life sucks then you die play hard . i can transform your whole life upside down . have you ever been in the presence of a god ? i'm the type you want to show off to all your friends and family . i will give you the attention you need ... i command you to give me all your money . maybe you are right . yall are so quick to attack me when the other piece of shit started this fight first . if he would kept his little mouth shut none of this would be going on . rewind this and see what he said first . you are wrong . antisocial personality has superficial charm . we know how to say just the right things like sorry and appoligizing . do we mean hell no . but we know what to say and when to say it ... i said : when something is too easy like that i lose interest quickly ... there was no response so i said : if you want to find friends go to facebook . i said : but i don't want to go out with women i don't know . they both just gave me their number so quick . i talked to them and set up dates . it was too easy and i don't know them like i know you . me ... aww well you need to go out and enjoy yourself ... if i was capable i'd go have fun with you buttt out of commission lol . i said : i haven't been on 1 date since november 2011 . i have been in a long distance relationship with my baby's mom . we just broke it off not too long ago . i stayed faithful the whole time . noo ' m not a jealous girl ... u need to keep your options opened if you're wanting a girlfriend . ( she slips up right here ) if i was still in high school then i wouldn't like that but i've learned as i ... ; i said : see that is what i am confused about . i didn't know if it was wrong for me to date while i am friends with you . i don't want to break our friendship over this . ( i told her i am going on two ... i'm broken , there's no way for me to rush into anything . i've dated one guy since my sons father because i don't want my son confused as he is always with me . i'm not that kind of girl of mother , he ... just because i talk n open up to someone doesn't mean im gonna date them . i'm a very open book to an extent with all of my guy friends cus i know they don't look at me anymore than a friend n def ... this is what she said word for word after i told her i'm going on dates with other women : i only want friends , idk how to be more clear about it ... someone who i can call n joke around with without ... why the hell is she on a dating website then . we have been talking since feb . now we just exchanged phone numbers like a week ago . even though she said that we continue to text each other back and forth . i am playing counselor with her . i am showing her everything about herself as far as her personality and enneagram . i got her ... i already did that . she said , i don't let anybody in . i don't let anyone to know anything bout my emotions ... my depression and anxiety makes if hard to talk to people . it's been like this for ... look you need to go re-take the test right now . i'm not trying to deal with another fake estp . you a fake . cuss cuss cuss all up and down this post . i can't stand a fake . bro if we were face to face ... look everybody it's a fake running around here claiming estp . bro your soft as cotton and i don't see you . i'm tired of waiting and playing the guessing game . i got another girl i'm going out with . i am still texting her and trying to help her . she is so fine but i don't know her true motives . do you ... i had her take the meyer briggs personality test . last night we talked for hours on text only . i got her to do the enneagram test . so she is an infp 7w6 , 9w1 , 2w1 . she tells me she is shy to talk . i made a suggestion to her to take it . i didn't make her . she took the test in the privacy of her own house and will . i am originally from tampa bay in florida . now i live in south carolina . i had her take the myers briggs personality test . all her percentages are high in each of the infp letters . okcupid | the dating persona test see what you score on this test and post results if you want to . i did it . the infp just got into a car wreck and just broke her ankle . she is upset she can't go ... what do infp's want to hear from a estp to take the relationship to the next level ? right now i am still texting her on the phone . i don't know what she wants . she is trying to take her time and not ... what do infp want to hear from estps ? are they looking for emotions and feelings from us ? what do they want to hear ? see that is the thing for me is that i view sex as entertainment , fun , and want lots of it . i have in the past whispered sweet nothings into a women's ear while having sex . i can make love if that is ... i have antisocial disorder which features the histrionic traits big time . will it work between an estp and infp ? how the hell do i find out if estp and infp are combatable ? mimi here i am . you want to hook up with me . i have been with a lot of women and never had a std check in my life . i don't use protection especially when it somebody special like you . i'll make you ... mimi i am calling your name . you turn me on . i'm your player player . ask a estp anything : what came first the chicken or the egg ? answer : the freaking egg came first . are people stupid ? the chicken has to go through the egg phase first . then the baby chick second ... 69947 so i realize i'm a estp because i steal the show when i'm social . i say stupid things sometimes and later on regret it . i have to go back and fix my mistakes . sometimes if it's too late to fix them i ... what does that mean ? the title to mine is why ? why me ? why is it always my fault ? why can't i get it right ? why am i not normal ? why am i asking why ? why did i ask why ? why did i leave that fine ass bitch ? tell him to close his eyes and kiss him . do not tell him . estps are easiest males to get with . but i love it when the woman dominates me and shows me how it really is . kisses ( actions ) speak a whole ... you need to go to alcoholics anonymous i was being sarcastic . all these chiefs and not enough indians . why did you pick that avatar pic . ? where you drunk when you picked it out ? that picture drives me crazy . great run with that idea . you can do it . you figure it out then . my mom is a enfp btw . estp's are the king of all letters to read people . especially the ( sle ) types conquerors like me , because of my ( se ) , ( ti ) , and ( ne ) are dominant functions . that means i read ... '