' losing your teeth in a dream could allegorically represent you transitioning to a more mature state in regards to your lifestyle and mindset , just like how children lose their teeth before maturing ... well yes , it can be seen as the maturity of the woman . but in many cases this comes at a cost , simply because it may require many many bad experiences with men in order for her to be able to move ... yes , i agree with you . but they are certainly rare ! infp can be leaders and authorities , just not in the typical fashion . yeah , china isn't very infp friendly either , but for a reason a bit different than america . but to be fair , i wasn't including ... oh , i know very much about this . i had the same problem since the beginning of my life . since i was born into it , i never really seen it as a problem . it wasn't until around high school that i ... i use to think that until recently , much of what you are saying is very true though . but i think the problem is particularly in western civilization , many women do not appreciate infp men . because ... i don't know , do you feel that you are passive aggressive and that it may bother others ? ? ? i'm too shy for pickup lines and if i decide to say something , its usually rather blunt . i just can't help it . lol awesome . i do this too , in diablo 3 ! yeah i do ... but i only read occasionally . i could appreciate the quietness and such but the thing is , everything that i could do in a library i could do at home . i think the internet has spoiled me ... yeah i definitely can't do nightclubs ... a bookshop maybe , but i don't think there are many in my area . i'm curious where most of you guys like to hangout . i'm actually looking for some advice as well , i want to go out to meet people but the problem is i'm ... introvert lol . i don't drink , do drugs etc ... death tarot card this is actually good , you have a strength for doing intricate designs . so you should continue to focus on that . i know first hand that doing small designs isn't easy and very time consuming . thanks ! appreciate the nice comment . yeah , lookingglass and myself are working on a tarot card set . its probably going to take sometime , but not too bad since there are two of us working on it . here is my progress of the empress ... the zodiac symbols from the perspective of the physical represent the 12 major organs in the body . this is why i said to add a 13th would be saying that man has a 13th major organ , which he does not . what does it claim to do . you should question , how can someone add something new to a system they do not understand ? this is how things become corrupted . the 12 signs are allegorical , not representations of the heavens but ... i don't really have any expectations , mainly because imagination will take over and create a unrealistic partner . which then would put then place unrealistic expectations upon them . ultimately what ... how does not remembering make you guys feel ? does it bother you in anyway ? for me personally i find it sort of disturbing , how is it could it be possible for a person to remember only key parts of ... we should play a game . the poster below you gives you a single word to remember through out the day . who ever can kept the word in mind long enough wins . they do dream , they just don't remember . what do you believe the tidal waves represent within you ? water generally is associated with emotions . its easier to remember dreams if you keep a notepad by your bed , so if soon as you wake up you write what you remember down . bits and pieces should begin to come back through out the day . i recommend ... procrastination is a disease that all of mankind suffers from , it should be known as the disease of tomorrow . since it will be tomorrow when i will do this or that , but when tomorrow comes it then ... from the time you wake up until the time you go to bed , how much of your day do you remember ? how do you know ? nope , i don't know anything about them . do tell why they are considered the ideal partner . you are correct , the horoscope is absolutely bs . however , astrology is not . but many will consider the two one in the same . i'm glad you got a actual report done , most do not know what that is . you mean astrology ? people generally have a misconception in regards to it . you can't just say you are a virgo for example . because that is only your sun sign . there are different planetary ... she brings up a lot of valid points . you have to consider that through out the day a person isn't 100 % or even 50 % of anything . it depends on type of circumstance that stimulates his personality ... when you order all of your stuff online just to avoid going to store and coming in contact with people . my take : what ever you said to her that was mean made her lose so much trust in you . trust is a very hard thing to build back up and without it the relationship is unstable . she probably didn't ... you'd have to explain further , i want to understand you . what kind of better and in what way ? hah , short term isn't much to worry about . is it ? what makes you afraid of commitment ? personally speaking , i avoid commitment like a plague and its something that i recently noticed about myself ... do any of you have fear of committing yourself to a project , a individual and so forth ? probably the best option since he doesn't want to be a man and take responsibility . it shouldn't matter if a woman comes with personal issues , this doesn't mean that she isn't a good person and can't ... the op is very self centered btw and lives in a fantasy world were everyone is perfect . part of being in a one on one relationship is accepting that the other has faults , as a man it should be his ... like attracts like . i find this very disrespectful to infp females , why attempt to base them all off of bad experiences you have ? there are wonderful infp females here on the forum and like ... i don't think its a infp thing , humans are natural social creatures . perhaps you can look at the water as signifying your emotional functions and that when its a tidal wave you are being overwhelmed by emotions , which could possibly cause you to make irrational ... then perhaps you are being told or shown something . i use to feel this way , but i came to the realization that its selfish and self centered even though initially it wouldn't be perceived in this manner . it was hard to see since for the most part my ... heya ! i actually came here to interact with entps personally , to get a feel for you guys . it seems as if you feel that you have a obligation and need to serve your family and country . so think about the bigger picture , would staying at home give you the greater opportunity to serve them ? ... i just wanted to say hello to all the enfps . and i hope you guys don't mind me sneaking around your forums from time to time . :D its a part of the natural man's every day experience to become offended , this is because they believe that the entire world revolves around them and their legion of likes and dislikes , what is ... my main interest are esoteric teachings and cosmology in relation to the mind of man , his inner workings and functions . not sure if thats considered a infp thing or not . no worries , i think your post was very coherent . where do you think your fear of being misunderstood originates ? anything you can recall ? '