' i always cry when i laugh alot . i can't remember the last time i've cried from being sad though .. if i am mad at someone i am comfortable with i will blow up at them . if it's someone i don't know so well i will probably say nothing and end up secretly hating them . i really need to get over that ... my close friends are ; esfp , istj , infj , entj other friends ; estj , intj , 2 isfjs , esfj i don't think there's much of a link . esfps are given the ' stupid ' label , but i have an esfp friend who is extremely smart . my estj friend is a genius . i know 2 nts and they are smart but not that ... i don't think it would be hard to be a t female really . i am an f myself but the t girls i know are sort of independent and less easily hurt i always just tell people i'll do it later . but by now everyone who knows me knows later = never . yea , i love murray :D i didn't even know he did stand up . i must see this lol i love nathan from misfits xd anddd ja'mie from summer heights high i think that depends what the job is . ps aren't lazy if the job is something they enjoy .. i get this too xd sneaky arsehole lol wow , you really hate them ;D but the problem with estjs that you don't get with istjs , at least with the one ik is that she's obsessed with how others see her and her ' ' reputation ' ' and it can be annoying . > . > xd some istjs are annoying too . my brother is one and he's an arse . but my cousin is too and she's nice so idk . i just realized 7 of my friends are judgers and one is a perciever . o . o she has some good points too i guess . spontaneity just isn't one of them . xd i have an estj friend who's obsessed with planning . she needs to know exactly what's going to happen before she does anything . i'm going away on holidays this summer with her and some other friends ... estj ? hell no lol i didn't attack you but can you drop it . i swear to god , i don't want to still be responding to this in like a weeks time . you sound like my intj friend thanks fizz , and yea arguing is getting old .. i honestly didn't see any point . i copy pasted from another forum as i said . i assumed that is what it meant . on the other forum no one questioned it . i just honestly didn't even think about changing ... my problems and insecurities ? yea that's relevent to anything . i'm just saying i wouldn't consider posting a big rant to be a ' contribution ' . well next year i'll be finished school and some of the college courses i've been considering are : psychology architecture animation some sort of design course social work interier design ... she is probably infj then . i've known her for 6 years and she's still one of the most aloof people i know . most decisive : entj most non-sequitural : enfp most adaptable : esfp most private : infj least people dependent : intj :P one of my friends tested as infj , which shocked me cos i always got an ' s vibe ' from her . we always have very sensorish conversations , but maybe this is because nearly all of our friends are sensors ? ... i forgot one most uptight : enfp .. or maybe it's just you . anyway get over it . no one cares . based on my experiences with my own friends : most : istj , entj , esfp , intj , estj least : infj , isfj ( can't keep a secret to save their lives ) obviously everyone will have different experiences ... i assumed they meant ditziest , but i didn't write this . i copy pasted from another site . :P i robbed this from another forum . xd you know what to do x ] most likely to succeed : entj most likely to become rich : extj most likely to cry for no reason : infx most likely to say i told you ... ya gotta love stevie though lol wtf is with everyone thinking isfp = emo music . D; liesss didn't really get an feeler vibe from him . i agree though that he's probably entp . yea xd i don't get it tbh . it's mostly people looking for drama who are bitchin ' i think xd apparantly hal from malcolm in the middle is isfp . lol , i love that guy . sorry double posted thread by accident :P this was one of my favourite shows , haven't seen it in a while though . :P malcolm : intp hal : xsfp lois : estj reese : istp dewey : ixfp francis : enfp do you have her after finals or are you finished then ? if you won't have her anymore wait till after finals and report her . if she's going to be that much of a bitch she can take whatever comes with ... i wasn't aware we were disliked . but tbh i don't really care if certain people don't like us . it's not my job to please everyone and i would say most types have more people dislike them then isfps ... i love this movie xp imo : matilda : infj ms honey : infj too ? maybe infp ms trunchball : entj mr wormwood : entj ms wormwood : estp her brother : istp gyffindor x ] ] i identify with these traits in 7s : sevens at their best are : enthusiastic energetic lively fun-loving i can honestly see alot of myself in all of them . it's weird . i am i , but only slightly .. i suppose someone who is genuine and who i can have fun and be myself with . :) i prefer es too . probably esxps or enfxs . for appearance not overly picky . i guess preferably someone who has dark ... i'm an isfp , new to enneagram , and everytime i try to type myself for enneagram i get a different answer . i've gotton 2w3 ( closely followed by 2w1 ) , 9w8 and 7wsomething . i can relate to lots of ... hufflepuff :D i'm not a big reader really :P 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte 4 harry potter series - jk rowling 5 to kill a ... going though a bit of a maroon 5 phase xd  ... '