' yes . i am . i have an impeccable sense of direction , but my absent-mindedness is legendary . used to be my email address as a teenager . nobody will remember it so i guess i'm okay . nobody would be surprised , except for how candid i am here about things ( like emotions ) that people don't think ... i have an alter ego that my friends have decided to name . they think i'm a little eccentric . chicks dig it . lol , really ? are you trying to give a inspirational speech or are you ranting about your own experience ? i sometimes forget the details of what goes on when i'm furious , it tends to gloss over into a brush stroke of anger . that being said , i am hardly ever angry , so this doesn't happen too much . just ... beat your kids , just not for punishment , so that they learn how take a hit . don't want them to get sucker punched and go down easy . on a more serious note , its not the form of punishment but the ... laugh at how silly and sloppy the human body is . contemplate the hypnotic mysteries of the helicopter . no problem man . sigh , i wrote something in reply already but i lost it pressing the goddamn back button : angry : . what it boiled down to was to all you need to do is change your perspective on what ... the first thing i would do if i were you is stop calling yourself a loser , and rationalizing it . tell yourself you are just in development , and your r & d department are just slow workers . you ... forget all these stupid regular colours , i handwrite and like colours in the infrared spectrum . you can't see me ! ! ! there once was a mirror . haunted or maybe cursed . built by an short-tempered carpenter for a shy , but dutiful woman . the mirror was intended as a gift of his undying love but by some unfortunate ... all i need to do is knock over the first piece of my rube-goldberg set-up . once i set this piece in motion , there won't be anything to stop me from eventually dominating the criminal underworld , and ... i'm a generous inventor . generous ? don't know about that though ... oh , it doesn't really mean what it really means . causes are all effects , and all effects , causes . a lot of you guys get the are you mad about something ? one . i realized that the only reason i don't get it is because i reflexively make my face look more personable . my face kind of settles into a ... just as an aside , a lot of people want authenticity of character in others , but most people don't know how to be themselves under all circumstances . there are so many pressures to be someone else , to ... that i will not improve myself and will stagnate . i know this to be wrong though , i am always improving , and achieving turning potential energy into kinetic energy . i don't know about intj's , but i'm a demigod . i do the paganism with the human sacrifice . i can only say that i'm a purist . : wink : i do text a lot , i like it more than talking because it gives me more control over the interaction . i don't really have the issue of people getting on my case for proper punctuation , its usually more ... my cause is pure chaos . not anarchy , but chaos . there is a beauty and order in chaos . i can plan a way to world domination better than anyone . executing it would be something else . i literally tell the job interviewer that my only issue will be that i'm quiet but i will still do the job . i try to make people feel comfortable with small talk ( which feels like i'm pulling teeth ) ... its kind of crazy how a little niceness and a smile will get people to open up to you with things they probably shouldn't be telling you . i try to be open and a little warm with people i meet , i have ... i like parties , having people there that i know is important though , preferably more people that i know than dont . i think this is a common trait amongst infj's . personally , i'm always quiet in a new situation , but my personality shifts with different people and in different situations . it isn't always very ... i judge a conversation on its depth if it goes into the philosophical and / or the spiritual angle of the topic that is being discussed . when it gets extra deep is when the topic changes due to ... the right kind of smile and the right kind of look in her eyes , these are my turn ons , and then the turn-offs decide the rest . dying in a hospital , i have a boner right now , don't let the nurse make me into a necrophiliac or , oh my god ! there is no god ! how do i reverse ? ! ? ! or i'll just laugh maniacally and then ... never fails to humble me how similar i am to all of you . this thread is probably the best place to figure out if you are an infj . we are withdrawn but we are mapping out the social dynamics , and then ... this thread has made me want to record my voice and hear myself out . i always talked quietly , mostly because i speak to myself . fire . people are motivated by fire . : crazy : intj's are not god . i am . you're all weird . even weirder that you created a thread about people calling you weird and then proving that you're weird . don't worry , weirdness is actually contagious , and everyone catches it ... only the strong survive ... i'm not sure if its a fi-dom thing , or maybe its just a infp thing , but all the infp's i know seem to be waiting for a the gods to strike them down . it is as if they expect an emotional assault at ... i don't recall jungian theory stating that we have and use all 8 functions in the psychological types . you need 4 functions , i don't know how you can see just 2 functions working when you have ... i just wanted to address the idea that we all have 8 functions . i believe having 4 functions is enough to explain everything . the functions don't act on their own when we think , they are working ... this strikes a cord with me , i constantly tell my mother that she can't control the world , and bad shit may happen , but you can't try and control everything . that never satisfies her , so its constant ... i was going to come here and talk about my isfj mother but what has been said above is the same for me . si and ni make all the difference between isfj's and infj's . its funny when my mother and my ... the baa baa sets me off ... : blushed : i run a very open-minded farm , the animals and me have an understanding . as an infj , my value system is no value system . that allows me to answer my lust with fornication , and a smidgen of bestiality , but this about enfp's and not infj's ... you want to see my ni ... how forward you are * blushes * anyways , i see a road , a compass bearing south . that's the tail end of my thought process . going backwards , the reason i say compass bearing ... a part of the reason i think that infj's seem a little psychic is because our extroverted auxiliary function is fe and that function isn't as concrete as te . ti comes into play when you are trying to create an order out of what your ni comes up with . ni very non-linear and the ti and fe help make it presentable to the world . i came for a way to understand myself better . i stayed to impart my wisdom and humour on all who may read my words . all according to prophecy . i want to do all of these , but the ones in bold i've done . '