' i also think the inferior functions are the clearest way to distinguish types as functions are drilled into . the challenge is they are often the least understood or hardest to explain . with hallucinogens , yes . knowing everything in the universe is one interconnected thing is very different from the experience of feeling it . there is no i or your or we . just ' this ' . the school system is a code to crack . figure out what you are being asked to comprehend , do that , profit . i would like more freedom to explore ideas that aren't part of the lesson plan , however ... i wasn't implying you or any specific type behaves in that way . i was just stating intj's never do . if my friends are going out for drinks i will join them . i rarely if ever go for drinks by myself . generally , i like to have one on one conversations with the people in my group . i am a quiet bar ... not interested . i have a hard enough time dealing with one person relationships . i am not looking to setup a franchise of more headaches . my opinion on them is i am not morally opposed , but i am ... it is true freedom while you are here . your mistakes and flaws are not as consequential as they seem to be . i also loathe my meat shell , but recognizing and grappling with our mortality can lead ... truths aren't that hard to accept when there is little doubt . even the truth we don't want is still the truth . at least we won't have to spin our wheels trying to figure it out . the fact that we ... i am an intj and have had this conversation before . the strange thing was i was considered the most stable and consistent person the enfp had ever met . it turned out to be a mixture of things . ... it's a double edged sword . all humans instinctively crave that connection we call ' love ' , but intj's hate the feeling of not being self contained or being at someone's mercy . slowly , and with trust ... nope . the things i think are important i will fight to the death for , but do what you will with everything else . so if you find something that hits a raw nerve with the intj , they will strike like a ... the level of stress determines the behavior change . minor or mild stress i might be more distant , more curt , and less sensitive or caring to others . major stress i can become a different person ... i haven't met all the types and haven't met that many people whose type i knew . for me it would be : entp , intp , infj . i would add i know one intj and we are so on the same wavelength it is the ... you create the meaning . it is not some external secret or plan . it is up to you to decide what meaning your life has and what fulfills you . you didn't ask to be born , but now you are here . might as ... many works of art have been lost of the years . we are still curious . we still create . which leaves the kid . i am not a great swimmer so i would look for help . i am absolutely a dreamer . most of my life takes place in my head . in the external world there is not as much in common . i am ruthlessly realistic in the external world , with one exception . when ... this is a public forum guys ! other people , random people , could read this and get the wrong idea about us . being underestimated is our favorite . intj's : blowing abysmal expectations out of the ... what went wrong ? that is the critical question . ne / ni clashes way less on their own than other functions . ni has a hard time explaining it's findings . ne has a hard time explaining it's point . they are different for sure , but the fireworks are ... fi is me not being able to learn how to ride a bike , while stuck in eternity se is me proofreading an infinitely long research paper i don't give a fuck about what is the question ? edit : i see that my question was already asked . my personal experience ( intj ): one of my earliest memories was thinking that i wasn't the same as everyone else . i didn't feel i was different , but i knew i wasn't the same . every environment to ... 1 . intj 2 . please myself but serve others 3 . pleasing others is mostly futile . you become at the mercy of changing preferences and whims . doing something that serves others , whether they are ... 1 ) . he clearly doesn't dislike you . what you want from him is for you to decide . if he is an intj he has no idea how to seal the deal . lead the way or it will wither and die just like all our other ... when you notice something out of character will you just straight out ask your so what's going on ? that depends . i don't rush into accusation or confrontation . if i bring something up i have ... 1 . what's your store of childhood memories like ? barren ? overflowing ? full of a certain kind of memory ? barren . foggy and dream like . not to sound too crazy , but it's like a story i read about ... think about outcomes and not actions . think about likelihood and not extremes . people consider best and worst case scenarios as far more likely to happen then they are . practicality is about making ... i think its all about varying from the norm . i tend to notice things that fall outside the range of normal behavior . i give a lot of space to people i'm in a relationship with ... maybe because i need ... do you mean the religious , ghost based meaning of ' soul ' ? if so , i have nothing to say since i don't believe it . soul is sometimes a word i see used to describe the inward workings of a person , ... a system is a set of inputs or actions that result in a desired output or result . pairing socks that are the same color is a system . nuclear powered submarines are a system . there is a desired ... so this person isn't recovering quickly enough from a wound ? it sounds like the impact this has on you is more bothersome than the impact it has on him . be genuine in your actions . the only time i would be confused is if the signals i was receiving were confusing . you don't have to convince me how you feel is genuine . you have to show me your ... i would ask what happens after that decision ? after you take it over , what happens then ? what would they do with the mess that is leftover from their decision ? when it comes to north korea , the ... i don't think so . no one makes fun of me more than me . no one thinks less of me than me . the things i do well salvage me from my flaws . if i'm ever hard on people it's because i want them to be as ... have to agree with everyone else on the sincerity bit . all i see here is honesty and sincerity . intj's usually don't play games so they usually say what they mean . take him at his word . it's more ... aspiringwriter how do you react when being corrected on something ? i don't mean being called out , but lets say you are working on a project and one of your ideas / assumptions was incorrect . do you ... disregard ' in a matter of decades i will no longer exist . so what was the critical problem that required so much attention again ? ' i am harder on myself than anyone or any description could ever be . i mean brutally , unreasonably hard on myself sometimes . that doesn't mean i hate myself , i'm pretty okay with me most of the time ... enfp / intj seems to have the benefit of not being too impressed by each others strengths , but not being too repulsed by each others weaknesses . it's about finding the ' flaws ' in each other endearing i ... you have nothing to prove to yourself ? the odds of something happening were 1:1 . what happened doesn't reconcile our human centric way of viewing the universe . it functions just fine without a reason . warning : impervious to expectations ni is skeptical . it doesn't give the benefit of doubt , which decreases downside risk . when surprised ni is pleasantly surprised . when judging character , humans would rather underestimate than ... 1 ) . we can imagine a world with hypothetical situations . we live in a world of hypothetical situations . we would rather not give hypothetical answer though . 2 ) . because the interactions are ... goals can be shared , but the methods on how to achieve them don't have to be . the intj should pin down the mother and say ' what goals , outcomes and expectations can we agree on ? . for the intj ... i would say loss and failure . loss of love , or a loved one or a pet etc . i feel failure physically . usually i can move on , because that is all one can do . occasionally my deflector shields ... psychedelics are my pick . they opened up a door in me that i could only crack open . i always knew i was one with the universe , but i never felt it before . i was never a heavy user of drugs , but i did ... not for me ( intj ) . i looked forward to 2/15 because everything on 2/14 seemed really odd . i wasn't worried about having a heart or anything like that . nor did the love or romance part phase me . it ... in a way . i believe everything can be explained by cause and effect . eventually we discover everything is the big bang's fault until we figure out what happened to cause the big bang . '