' i basically made up a film with a tired hollywood plot last night in my dream . in it , i looked exactly like seymour birkoff from la femme nikita 1997 and the main female character was a young shiri ... your dream reminds me of orpheus and his lover as well as sisyphus , also many people associate theriocephaly with gods , so maybe it means the couples are prohibited to be together but somehow they ... tell me what you think of my surreal crazy dream . there are about five of us ( none of whom i know in real life ) inside an under water lab ( kinda like the one you see in the film deep blue sea ) , ... ( mine could be a challenge to you since i don't have my type shown on the left ) my current favourite characters as the following order : 1 . dandy mott - ahs freak show ... there's always a chance that i am an enfp in entp's clothing on the corner stands a crook , shedding shadow as he grows . he took an oath long ago , silver lying was the goal ; arsenic envy eggshell love turquoise burn mark charcoal code . spins his lonesome ... woke up in the middle of the night , i walked out from my room . it was completely dark and i was scared of the dark ; i reached for the light switches , i clicked them but the lights weren't on , i kept ... 1 . start looking for another apartment and stop spending money on them . 2 . do you have any kind of evidence ( skype conversation , bank statement etc ) show that you have been paying for them and they ... a very ne enfp here . i assume you know swedish or danish in this case ? based on the other interests ( especially for inferior design and media studies ) you mentioned i would say go for either ... tell him / her that you have amy farrah fowler's brain , alex jensen's babysitting skills , bernadette rostenkowski's determination ( and voice if s / he is into that ) and penny's look . i am bothered by any kind of mistakes in my post , i am even more bothered by the sentence edited by ... at ... after i corrected my mistakes . do you see what si is doing to me ? i am not qualified to type you but i notice we share many similar views / reactions . have you considered enfp ? this represents how i feel and what i think of the relationships between mankind-isolation . one will never ever be able ... darling darling look at me hold this jar let thee float i sink in after you keep my head above breathe in and out in and out in and out pendulum dances while babylon collapses orpheus didn't ... 4w3 7w6 9w1 so / sx here . if our gods and our hopes are nothing but scientific phenomena , then let us admit it must be said that our love is scientific as well . - auguste villiers de l'isle-adam for some reason , first thing that crossed my mind is a female dancing freely , her hair breezes wildly . inspect closely , all i could see are tribal mask , rose , bunch of hair , scarf . i feel neutral ... if si is not per se memory , would you say si is the ' feeling ' attached to the experience ? can you read my above post and tell me your opinion on what functions i am using or whether functions have ... i was gonna start a thread asking if it was normal for ntp to be forgetful . since we are on this thread , i wonder if anyone can tell me if it's indeed got to do with dom ne / ti , weak si ? i have ... watch the scary movies series or any horror movies parodies for the next couple of days . they should be able to neutralise the horror . if you still need more than that , watch the most cheesy love ... feeling based argument ( though i's not sure if it still counts as argument ) . i myself am not the most rational person nor is the most coherent , but it really annoys / irritates me to no end of someone ... fact as in first world war began on 28 july 1914 and ended on 11 november 1918 ? theory as in multiverse ? if this is the case , theory for sure . just wanna point out the things you mentioned have nothing to do with intp / entp . look up cognitive functions or if you are too lazy just ask around during the next mensa / triple nine meet up . oh wait , ... interesting . why is that ? hi all . i need your help to test out whether we can determine one's type more accurately by exploring the shadow functions . can those of you who have / had been under stress , it can be anything ... how often do you have sex ? do you masturbate ( for girls ) ? have you ever cheated / been cheated ? how much do you earn ? how old are you ( for girls ) ? if i am honest , it depends on my situation . if i was dying of starvation or if my family needed money for surgery or whatever , i would take it . however , i would see it as a loan , i owed the owner and ... for me the most beautiful ones are those extinct , the more ancient , the more beautiful . meteoriteshower these are fascinating . i don't find esp or any other so called supernatural things weird or irrational as i believe there are scientific explanations for them , either we haven't ... hi jonathan , welcome . a great detailed post . and as a simple person you sure have lots of interesting to talk about . anyway , sure you will make lots of nice posts here and we will see each other ... hi k896 , welcome . many of us have a similar journey , first one type then throughout the years we realised another type fits better . anyway , enjoy your time here . yes and no . i don't see myself different from others but at the same time we are not the same . i act mostly like them , i can see how or why they think or behave certain ways but i will never be able ... yes it is my favourite season even thought it makes me slightly more melancholy . you have really nice shiny hair / you have cute ears shape / i am addicted to your smell , it reminds me of a little baby the last ( meant to be ) compliment is pretty off . hi meteoriteshower , welcome . a negative perfectionist here and i don't show my emotions neither . your esp ability intrigues me . mind sharing some of your experiences ? interesting ! i've always thought we are all insecure at a similar level but in different aspects . i . e . the intensity is similar but one only comes to aware of it under different circumstances if it ... how does it help you sleep quicker exactly ? deep down , aren't we all a bit insecure ? we are told we can ’ t live without oxygen but we aren ’ t what we are without nitrogen we breathe in and out oxygen but air is dominated by nitrogen you deduce this is about oxygen and nitrogen ... i was told i am a 4w5 9w1 5w4 . i find parts of these types fit me but definitely not completely . i am also start doubting my mbti and socionics types as once again they don't fitted me completely ... it is true that i am quite empathetic . and it is not something i have control over . one either ' feels ' it or it doesn't . i think once one reaches certain age with certain experience , they do realise ... strikes goes with remember everything gong goes with ears if i have to interpret it without knowing anything about the background . i say it is about the pop up of memories or emotions ... think about it this way . yes telling the truth might lead to not getting a job but if you had to lie about / hide who you were for that job , it would not be the job for you . how long could you lie and ... why are you so quick to jump to conclusion ? the way i see it , he is a service provider . he is advertising for christ's sake . and now my fears , they come to me in threes so , i sometimes say , fate my friend , you say the strangest things i find , sometimes you say you wanna stay by my side darlin ' , your head's not ... i was answering a personality test and it just dawned on me that , as far as i remember , i have never picked far right or far left answers . for some reasons , i always pick 2,3 , 4 but never 1 or 5 when ... social 30/50 self preservation 34/50 sexual 31/50 no not really . i tend to see the sparks in one's eyes as a result of bump of certain brain chemicals . '