' this song rocks ! what happened to all my games ? sense when does every major title have to be a fps ? what happened to the n64 platformers ? i loved those things . i am lucky to get one game a year that is not a super ... that is why i have refined my procrastination ability to the point that i can get ready in twenty mineuts or less depending . i have to give a heads up to anyone who has xbl or psn . they have just released beyond good & evil hd . this is one of the best games to come out on the xbox eight years ago . it still holds up today ... it worked for pollock here is something that has always bugged me about a lot of horror movies , why is it only the super evil guy comes back from the dead . i mean if they can do it why cant the good guys do it . also ... so bad ... but so good limitless looks ok the other two are not my thing . however battle for la looks really good . good scifi is hard to come by . no stand alone game , but mass effect 3 will . this year went from having almost nothing for me to having everything . battlefeild 3 rage deus ex 3 elder scrolls v arkham city portal 2 ... its hard to pin down my preferences in movies . action / comedy / thriller / drama / mystery are what i like most of the time . favorite films are the dark knight , v for vendetta , apocalypse now , young ... the frustrating thing is that we were not that far away from some real cool stuff . we already have a space station that people live on 365 . how far away was a permanent base on the moon . how far off ... is it just me or does anyone else miss the real space program ? when we started cutting nasa'a buget it just felt like we were giving up . i want it back . if they landed on the moon and sent back ... i got more  to me lyrics are just another instrument . a song does not need words . if they have words they should fit with the music . its one of the reasons i dont really like pop . there is no really music in the ... i am so sick of snow something in graphic designe . i started college not sure if i was going to really like it , but it seems i found my calling , career wise anyway . i dont believe it i read this and have not had a chance to try it , but i am told its works . when your head is congested alternate pressing your tongue against you pallet and pocking yourself between the eye brows . i ... beneath this mask there is more than flesh . beneath this mask there is an idea , and ideas are bulletproof . v for vendetta thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle , and the ...  just as an example i love kung pow  what music do you listen to when you want to chill out . i go with  people no need for violence . after all its not her fault . its rick astly's you have no idea . we are about to switch to christmas music . they play that song over the radio at my job at least once a day . . .. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ya i got nothing at the moment if it was me i would say dublin or rome . your being paranoid . now i dont know you so if you are riding a unicycle , juggling fish with a clown wig on then people may think that is out of the ordinary . otherwise you are probably being a ... to many people having kids is doing something with their life . but that's not true for everyone . you have something else to through yourself into . if you see the world and help kids no one in their ... mega man passing of the blue crown the first episode is on hulu it is really good . i mostly watch history and discovery channel shows . i love pawn stars . archer is also really funny . i all ways thought of it like this . a j and a p are playing poker . they j looks at his / her cards . s / he uses a mathmatic system s / he has come up with to bet . the p looks at his / her cards , then lloks ... if your friend is an introvert then this does not sound that strang . introverts tend to want to process things themselves first before taking them public . even then they will tend to hedge their bets ...  these are all of the qemists album , join the q ya the pats miss faulk but woodhead is doing great . i still think it funny our best wide out is welker and our best running back is woodhead . they are both like 5 ' 7-9 . 1 . 6 year old boy and girl in burning build , which child do you save ? i do whatever it takes to save both . i would never leave one behind 2 . your romantic partner ends up being your half ... fragile dreams - anathema empty - anthema fly - blind guardian i get it - chevelle ecstasy of gold - ennio morricone tessie - dropkick murphys shippin up to bosten - dropkick murphys ... i do that everytime i have to hand in anything but a final draft . you know that make us mortal enemies right do you mean kevin faulk ? dallas clark is on the colts . how about romoe being down and out , say goodbye to the playoffs cowboys ok i have tried to start sports threads on these forums more then once and they never go anywhere . but i dont take hints so here we go again . week six is over in the nfl 2010-11 season . i want to ... i would say good call on that one over all . ya that has hap ... what format ? to tell you the truth i got so sick of the expence to play i stopped . i will draft if the opertunity comes up . the last time i played i was running either a mono blue controle or rw controle . this is ... the people calling your name things is not odd . everyone does that from time to time . it seems like alot of this revolves around her sleeping . when slipping in and out of sleep you can have hypnotic ... the joke is if you are asking your infp dreaming , to me , is when your brain defrags . it takes all the crap that we push to the back of our mind over the course of the day and works through it . not to see that once and a while a dream cant ... if your asking your infp '