' haha to some extent . i mean , i get along with everyone . it's just that sometimes the conversations seem superficial , yeah ? there are a lot of things i find interesting that i want to talk to people ... ... definitely need to look into that . the enneagram tritypes currently looks like a jumble of numbers to me , even though i somewhat understand the basic concepts . also trying to figure out how you ... thank you for responding . these forums can be like ghost towns sometimes , depending on what time you start a thread . ; ; i made a new thread in the first place , because online tests started giving me ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... acerbusvenator i'm responding to your post on behalf of my little sister , since she doesn't seem to know how to haha . first of all , thank you very much for taking the time to respond to this thread , ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... she's 13 years old if that helps any . :) and she's currently staring at the screen next to me , so if you want to ask questions , right now might be a good time . hello ! thank you for the responses so far ! haha yeah , my little sister got curious last night and i logged into my account and got her to fill out the questionnaire before i went to sleep . if you ... hello , i'm borrowing my older sister's account cause i feel somewhat curious what type i am i guess ... though i'm not as curious as i feel i should be though whatever . _ . if it helps , i'm not easily ... i think my mom ’ s an isfj , so the way she raised me is probably very different from the way you ’ re going to raise your daughter , but i ’ ll try to explain our relationship . what i like about my mom is ... lemme take a shot at this . * cracks knuckles * people are like glasses in that they come in all kinds of different shapes and sizes . as time goes by , theyx 92re filled up with water or , in other ... a three month old ? o a o 14 year old sophomore person here ! ... does that make me the youngest ? please tell me i'm not the youngest sob . q a q okay okay . erm . let's see here . music , colors , and seasons , was it ? i ... were you bullied in school ? yes . more emotionally than physically though . what grades were you bullied in or were you bullied throughout your whole school experience ? through first grade up until ... for me ? get out of the house ( which is really rare for me haha ) , let it out on the piano , listen to some music , read , sleep , talk to some friends , etc . etc . who doesn't have flaws ? it's good to want to improve yourself , but only concentrating on the bad is only going to make yourself unhappy . if you keep dwelling on the bad , how long is it going to take ... try again , fail again . fail better . - samuel beckett imagination is more important than knowledge . knowledge is limited . imagination encircles the world . - albert einstein monsters are ... weird ? me ? pfft of course not ! ... except sometimes i skip down the streets while singing my heart out ... and i laugh at inappropriate things ... and people look at me strangely ... and ... and ... ... oooh . this looks fun . maybe this : 42507 or this : 42508 ehhh i'm pretty open with people for the most part , but i'm ridiculously picky about who my close friends are heh . i prefer not to have to get hurt , so i kind of ... create a barrier for myself ? ... you got nothin on me ... i'm amazing and rule the world ... i own you . the only thing that kept me from responding to that was that i haven't ever seen that person act like that before and i don't ... my closest friends at the moment are : an esfj : sweetest girl ever . o v o <3 i grew up with her and we can talk to each other about almost anything . she has a tendency of wanting to baby me though , ... to be honest , talking to people who only complain just drains me . i mean , it's understandable when someone complains every once in a while , but there's something wrong once it starts to happen ... i'm okay with hugs and a kiss on the cheek , depending on the cultural background of my friend , but that's about it . girl friends are welcome to link arms with me if they want , but i'm not comfortable ... i find that the more i stand up for myself , the more i seem to offend other people . like you , it's not an intentional thing for me to provoke someone . they just seem to get mad when i don't agree ... you are an advocating creator . edit ! o v o viva : 4w3 7w6 9w8 so / sx ace face : 7w8 , 1w2 , 3w2 sx / so cue 5c : 3w2 so / sp the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , 9w8 sx / so musicbird : 7w6 , 9w8 , 4w3 eerie : ... ... about 100 wpm . . __ . my dad taught me how to type when i was in kindergarten , but i swear most of the speed comes from spending too much time on the computer . ah . in that case , nice to meet you . :D it's nice to see other high schoolers ( is that even a word ? ) on these forums . today , i'm wearing a green tan stripe shirt and a grey vest and another pair of ... in real life ? only enfj . online ? i've been mistaken for every nf there is ( and entp ) . one of my closer friends is an estp . o v o i love her flaws and all to bits and pieces . <3 i don't always understand what's going on in her head though , so there's communication problems here and ... hahaha . hello there to you too . do you plan on creeping on me ? xd i'm still in my school clothes . a comfy pullover hoodie and a pair of skinny jeans . mm . lazy days are the best . :) horror movies have the ability to make me paranoid for the next few days ... or weeks ... or months ... | | otl <-- oi . puella magi madoka magica's better than it first appears . give it a few episodes ... so do i . <3 blood doesn't bother me for the most part , but most horror movies actually freak me out pretty badly . anyway , tell me when you're done with the anime if you decide to watch it ? it's ... i speak so fast that my sentences become incoherent . every word that comes out of my mouth sounds like a jumbled mess . i also become fidgety and impulsive . most people start to think that i finally ... is the mystic archives of dantalian the same anime as dantalian no shoka ? that and gosick were really enjoyable for me . have you watched mirai nikki before ? it's not recommended if you don't like ... currently obsessing over clamp works , particularly tsubasa : reservoir chronicle and xxxholic . i'm also watching code geass at the moment , while keeping up with kuroshitsuji and pandora hearts mangas ... hahaha . i think you just explained to me why i pronounce the functions the way i do . i swear i watched too much anime in my lifetime . it's starting to affect the way i pronounce things . xd hahaha . i pronounce ni the same way you do , but , for some reason , i'll pronounce fi as fee instead . i pronounce it like neigh . like a horse neighing or something . i don't even know why . i just do . xd that's one of the many reasons i don't post very often . i'll type paragraphs and paragraphs , re-read them , and go back to edit and delete what sounds repetitive and what doesn't make sense . this ... it fits perfectly fine . :D i was wondering if you could explain what you mean by subtype for me ? i'm not too sure what it is . enfp here ! 8D d ne , fi , fe , ni , ti , se , te , si enfj = fe , ni , se , ti ( missing ne , fi ) infj = ni , fe , ti , se ( missing ne , fi ) or enfp = ne , fi , te , si ( missing fe , ni ) you're a seeker . you have a bright spirit and warm energy . chatty and friendly , you feel most relaxed when you're hanging out with your best friends . a sensitive soul with an expressive nature , you ... pottermore for me . <3 i'm in hufflepuff . chestnutthestral 8563 . i'll take you up on that promise ! hahaha . i'm glad you dealt with the problem ! and while i can't say i approve of that girl telling that other girl to go to hell , i can definitely admire her for ... i'm more tame than i'm wild , mostly because i want to stay out of trouble . at the same time , i'll run in the opposite direction if i feel like you're getting too close to me too fast . i do come ... i'm around your little sister's age and i'm normally my happy-go-lucky self . i do get mood swings on occasion , but they're not very extreme for the most part . when i'm like that though , i would ... entj or intj ? maybe . '