' training to compete full contact is the best form self defense . look for any gym that spars at least once a week . the martial art doesn't matter since they all end up looking the same ( bar the ... i've recently been having dreams about the last few things i think about before i go to bed , so basically choosing the subjects of my dreams . is here a scientific term for this ? i think you'll be surprised at how meditative it can be , it's far from just hitting things . why not mma ? istp with ad / hd . already did this with sports , in martial arts the concept is called mushin : a state of mind where the artist relies purely on trained instincts . how do you apply this to studying ? any other istps have trouble with attention span like ad / hd ? if so how bad is it ? anybody else experience moods where they are aggressively motivated and rational ?  haven't you heard of the dadbody ? 6ft 184cm 87kg 191lbs i don't think that's enough to justify lee being infj , i do similar things whenever i submit someone when grappling or land a visibly painful hit while sparring . also about being two people at a ... i see no difference between this and an istp . even more so for the bolded part . regrettably . beating other people , proving people wrong . attempting to prove myself wrong . i'm rarely ever motivated but if i am it's for one of those reasons . i'm pretty sure you don't literally mean torturing the others around you so be a little more descriptive ? what happens during your outbursts ? sums up all of my thoughts on what i experienced today strangely . felt like forcing my hand through my chest and ripping something out , that picture sums it up perfectly . if you want lyrical content try akala , lowkey , logic and english frank ... looking for music . if you have anything that fits the title post in this thread . i'll start .  people would claim harassment . rpg's are all about immersion for me so i try not to skip the cutscenes , doesn't mean i don't enjoy the gameplay more though . lol , glyphs keeping it real and not taking any bullshit . betrayal losing disappointment didn't think i'd ever get told i talk too much . inb 4 shitstorm . 25 , was expecting worse . depending on whether its within the realm of possibility you can still work towards it and achieve something close or is it not that type of goal ? speak from the chest and not from the throat . it makes a big difference . you dont have to accept that . if he actually did like you then it wouldn't take long for the situation to be over looked , something around 1 to 3 days . on the other hand the message you sent makes it look like you were holding ... doesn't sound like introversion , sounds more like you're scared of sharing your opinion . no idea where all this confidence came from , went from a rut to being over the horizon . sounds like general bitchiness / disrespect , maybe she thinks you did something you didn't or heard some stories . if i see a character that is strikingly similar to me in terms of personality and mind set , in books , comics and films then i usually project my friends onto the support characters to see if they ...  don't do this unless you plan on getting a teacher later on , you'll just teach yourself bad habits since there is no one to see if your form is correct and no one to practise on / against . that's where i believe the problem is , it can't be done competitively therefore if can't be trained as efficiently as others . well if you can show me a video of live krav maga it may warrant my respect . i have problems with phrases like this , you underestimate how hard it is to fully connect with a strike against a live opponent ( most likely someone trained ) let alone hitting vital points such as ... my point is that you develop the instinct to defend from a scripted attack , there's no live sparring which limits self discovery and the instincts developed . in that video you posted , learning ... so it's not conventional sparring , it's essentially one touch 4 second kill fights which is what i was getting at when i called it ineffective , it leaves no room for self discovery or instinct . maybe ... going by that list kung fu is not what your looking for . refer to the chart i posted earlier . do your sessions involve sparring ? what about sparring ? what does your average krav maga class consist of ? my main gripe is that it teaches strategy instead of certain techniques , so the students are going to be mediocre in most aspects and wont be ... jiu jitsu isn't street fighting oriented . for general martial arts i'd recommend following this chart ( was made as a spoof but is actually accurate ) . ... '