' my long-time best friend is self typed as an intj , as far as i know it's accurate also i'm very close to my intp and intj brothers i'm surrounded by nt's your isfp sound extra flakey . when i cancel on plans i make sure to tell the person , so they know and can plan accordingly . it sounds like she's possibly feeling uneasy over something , and you're ... sanguine phlegmatic 57 sanguine , 14 melancholy , 0 choleric , 64 phlegmatic sanguine doesn't really describe me nearly as well as phlegmatic does i don't know ... i wouldn't try to stop you if you were going to give it a shot . i guess personally i think putting yourself out there and allowing yourself to be vulnerable is part of establishing ... i was just thinking about this , too . i don't like talking about myself , and when i feel like i'm put on the spot to do so i quickly try to direct the attention onto something else ... it's a ... - emo - poor academics - hipster ... the freaking hipster stereotype ... someone please ... stop the hipster stereotype ... - hot and cold - artistic yeah , i think these all have a grain of truth to ... i see , from what i gather you prefer something more thoughtful , more sentimental , than something showy or big . that makes sense . and i understand not wanting a lot of attention ( so no big parties or ... i think i agree with you on some of this . when someones being hurtful i usually to stay calm and not let negative emotions like offense take over . everyone has different ways of looking at things , so ... i've been thinking about my isfj mom and how i'd love to plan some things for her birthday this year . it's usually busy and difficult to put something together , but i want to do something for her ... my mom is an isfj ... they certainly are precious . they're sweet and really love to do things for you and take care of you ( just make sure to let them know you appreciate them ) . with my type being ... for the longest time i thought i was ( and tested as ) an istp . the description never fit me fully and i never really was into mbti at the time . finally i typed myself as an isfp . initially i didn't ... 1 . i always have to approach him about an issue that is bothering him . it feels like he resists at first but then as the conversation gets deeper , he begins to speak more than me and by the end he is ... i was shy , very shy . when i was really young my parents said i would often run into a room , stare at everyone , and run out . i always liked art and drawing / painting and made a lot of art . i only had ... i like talkative people , it makes it way easier on me , i don't have to lead the conversation and it takes pressure off of me . yes i get way more talkative the more comfortable i am . i used to be shy ... my brother is an intp and we get along well most of the time , we're both learning how to conflict less . i find him good to go to for advice because he gives me a different , logical , perspective that ... at times i feel like infp's may have their head in the clouds a little too much , but despite that i like infp's . infp's worry me because they can be even less practical than me ! haha ... depends , but i think most isfp's are quiet ( not necessarily shy ) and dislike conflict . many of them might have some type of artistic outlet ( photography , drawing , painting , writing , music etc ... ) ... it's true for me . i just don't get that close to people , and i'm not willing to get into a relationship when it comes down to it either ... in theory it sounds nice to me but when there's a actual ... if i don't trust / care about you it will be more difficult to deeply hurt me . i think denying my individuality and saying it's wrong / bad to be myself or do what's right for me would hurt coming from ... i don't know , we're not necessarily nice . nice is so broad ... i think explaining what these characteristics you believe to fit into the category of nice are and how you don't fit into them might ... school is hard , but i've never failed any classes or tests . i get easily distracted and my environment has to be quiet and clean for me to be able to fully concentrate . i suppose what gets me through ... hm ... when i meet an isfp i want to become their friend , for sure . but i've never thought about dating them . guess i haven't met a guy isfp yet ( that i've typed as such ) i think its only for the other person's sake . they're left in the dark and feel insecure . the problem is we are way more comfortable not sharing , and better off , but they aren't better off ( or they ... being unconcerned with the past or future , i don't think about them much and once something is done and over it doesn't seem to matter as much as it did in the moment . i feel like that's how it is ... to be honest a lot of this is on you and what you believe you can handle . i can understand your doubts about going , it's uncomfortable , new , unknown and scary . if all the practical sides work out ... drawing from real life is going to give you the best / quickest improvement . use reference pictures of people . set a certain amount of practice time everyday . good old practice and paying attention to ... it's hard to say , i've never dated anyone or been in love . the closest people to me is my family . i'll tell you its hard for me to verbalize that i care about someone , i always do it with my actions ... any bugs . i remember having a dream where the floor was glass and there were tarantulas the size of chairs scurrying around underneath it . when i was a girl i screamed every time i spotted a bug ... 1 . how are you in relationships ? i rarely take the initiative in a friendship . i can't speak for dating . i'll initiate casual conversation with many acquaintances , but i rarely will invite someone ... i think you first have to define intelligence , because for everyone it means something different . i was actually thinking about this after we had a discussion in class . i felt many of the people in ... i put sloth and gluttony . sloth is pretty much all the time . sometimes i lay around for the entire weekend doing nothing but sitting around on the internet , even though i have a ton of things to do ... you checked off 38 out of 83 scenarios ! you ’ re definitely pretty introverted . large crowds can be intimidating to you , and you need plenty of alone time to help compensate for those times when you ... i'm a lot better than i used to be . i really don't focus on the fact i'm talking to a crowd of people . i recently had an presentation for my college writing class . we were supposed to speak for the ... i'll be graduating in under two months , so i suppose i can answer this question . i'm majoring in art and i don't have a decisive plan . i tried to plan things out but it kept giving me major stress ... hmm ... i think usually i'm feeling a few emotions at once . the most recent incident where i cried i remember being angry / sad / frustrated . i tried to hold it back , as i was alone with my mom , but i ... i can't really say any of this with complete accuracy because i don't know her . but from what you've said it sounds like she trusts you , which is a big step . for most isfp's it's difficult to express ... i can really relate to this . when i was in high school and my friends would have birthday parties ( i usually avoided going to parties unless it was necessary ) i always felt awkward . i would usually ... yes , harmony is very important for me , and it's hard to explain it when the subject is so broad . is there something in particular you were looking for on the subject ? i find so much peace from ... having to repeat something ! my enfj dad asks me the same question about 4 times usually . drives me up the wall . you just described most , if not all , of the conversations i have with my intp brother . eh , i talk normal i guess , maybe slow , maybe fast ? i suppose it changes depending on if i'm tired , who i'm talking too , if i'm interested , etc . i'm not sure it's really something sps share i've never though of myself being prideful or having a problem with it . if anything i could probably take more pride in my work and what i do . i don't show off and i know i don't know everything . i ... yeah , sounds fun . when i first took the tests online i got istp too , and i kept getting it . i think the tests are more of a good starting point than anything . and just because introverted feeling is the first function ... yes , i was very shy most of high school so i think that made things even more difficult . now i've gotten through my phase of shyness and i'm still like that too . i remember feeling a little jealous ... ahh yeah , that was how it was for me . i never seemed to be close friends with most people , usually just acquaintances . that's how it is for me now even . ah yes . usually we argue about really mundane and trivial topics . i think sometimes it's almost what we value that seems to be the problem ( or this is my guess so far ) . i value my feelings and find ... yeah , i'm afraid to bring out conflict on my own so i avoid it ( but if they asked me i would definitely tell the truth as delicately as i could ) . i'm also afraid of calling someone out on a lie and ... i have three brothers , and the one i'm closest to is an intj . my brother is 26 ( just to get a sense that he might be more developed than a younger intj ) and older than me . we never fight , ever ( i ... ha ! aggressive . that is the complete opposite of me . i avoid conflict like a plague . aggressiveness breeds conflict , well from my point of view it does . i'm very mellow and easy-going . i'm never ... '