' realized today that i haven't emptied the lint trap i installed in a cabinet in my garage which the dryer vents into ( too long a run to get to an outside wall ) . it has been three months since i ... so , after digging into the source code for a node module , apparently i wasted an entire day trying to get this fucking thing working . i mean , i guess i should have realized that it only supports ... being in shape makes you look better . throwing on 50 pounds of muscle after reaching that point is wasted . i eat healthy and stay active , but i don't do generalized workouts . i'll do workouts targetted at whatever activity currently holds my interest ( eg , workouts keyed toward improving my swing speed and ... as far as friends go , i don't see why they would need to share your interests . accept your interests and be supportive , yes , but they don't necessarily have to share them . if they don't want suggestions , i stop giving them . their choice , and it doesn't bother me at all . i travel a lot , preferably alone . on the rare times i've let a friend come along , i always ended up wishing i'd gone solo . my favorite trip was making a loop through south america . europe is nice , ... hehe , i was just too smart-dumb for my own good . in this case , a bunch of us were sleeping at a friend's place and i picked the lock on his parent's liquor cabinet ( yeah , they actually had a lock on ... only been drunk once , about twenty years ago . as i recall , i was too busy puking in the bathroom and passing out in the tub to say much . apparently ten-year-olds can't hold their tequila . who knew ? work trip with the boss starts tomorrow . assuming the airport is 18.5 miles away , what is the ideal gauge nail to insert into a tire to make it go flat exactly halfway ? one week until a three-day cross-country business trip with the boss and his wife . now accepting bets on how many miles the plane flies before i start praying for engine failure . my plan is to do stuff and then die . everything else is just details that can be filled in as i go . spritz them in the face with a spray bottle . works great for correcting undesirable behavior . really noisy ones also benefit from a bark collar . i've found the same joy in getting rid of stuff . currently have a few boxes of books to take down to the library , did a purge of my two sets of bookshelves this week and cut it down to only needing ... looking around , there's nothing i couldn't easily live without or would have trouble replacing . if my house caught fire , i'd probably grab some clothes on my way out so i wouldn't have to buy any ... i used to be a perfectionist , but that need has faded significantly as i've gotten older ( along with my completionist tendencies , which i think are related ) . now i tend to be a good-enough-ist . there ... the most illogical system in the modern era ? no thanks . i made a few good investments years ago on some sound advice and got out when it was appropriate . my investments right now are about as ... i'm with you . once you realize that debates are mostly just rehashing the same things you read on a blog that were summarized from an article written about a study from a researcher with an axe to ... kinda ? i have a large personal bubble when it comes to strangers and acquaintances . with people that i know well and am comfortable with , touch doesn't bother me . i had a long post written up , but after reading it , i think this adequately sums it up : have less stuff is the obvious answer , of course that requires first breaking the addiction to stuff . not easily done . an alternative : get a friend who hates messes and you'll slowly be shamed ... i used to run into this problem during the winter . my eyes and sinuses in particular got super dry . a few things i've learned : 1 ) radiator-style heaters dry out the air far less than blown-air ... i made it as far as angel card readings on the sidebar before closing the tab . didn't read the article , but i'm gonna assume its legitimacy falls somewhere between the zoltan machine at the ... i'd like the perfect ginger ale recipe . i can never find the right type of yeast to use . champagne yeast has been the best so far , but i'm pretty sure it could be improved upon . my local airport is spending $ 943 million over the next three years to renovate . and they still aren't fixing the most rage-inducing aspect of the airport : separate tsa screening stations at the ... dear guy-who-left-his-chewing-gum-on-the-floor-in-the-self-checkout-queue-that-i've-spent-the-last-ten-minutes-scraping-off-my-shoe : permit me to reference an episode of blackadder : i'm not a ... third-highest rated review on steam for hitman : absolution : played game to hone my skills , killed somebody in real life , couldn't find locker to stuff body in . reviewing from prison . 2/10 didn't bother me . i already knew i was an antisocial hermitic robot with low-grade narcisissim and dreams of plunging the world into darkness . seriously though , who cares about stereotypes ? it wasn't all bad . i went to private schools for primary school and a magnet program ( special public school ) for secondary . the primary schools were pretty accomodating and and the secondary school ... shadow government . i have no desire to be known as the ruler . secretly choose leaders to govern , let them control the daily shit while unofficially taking orders from me on major decisions . each ... i've had friends point this out as well . put me in a group , and the group instantly becomes less rambunctious . my outwardly chill nature tends to keep people around me from becoming too hyperactive ... when an analyst describes the impact of the current ruble situation , it is probably not best to do it this way : mr . rogov said that his own family members had been forced to give up their usual ... christmas shopping is done . for the first time ever , i did it before december 24 . this was too easy . where's the mad panic , the endless cursing at other drivers , the line of doom ? christmas is ... as someone who's survived a few small-ish disasters ( hurricanes in my case ) , i will say that relying on money is dumbest thing you can do . it is a fine tool when things are good , but in bad times ... i don't hear it very often , but i suspect that's because ( 1 ) i'm usually willing to try something as long as it is presented correctly , and ( 2 ) the people i choose to hang out with understand that i ... politics ranks right up there with underwater knitting and irish improvisational rappers . i do my damndest to be as utterly oblivious as possible . i always wondered why trac didn't have any decent gui management tools . partway through migrating 98 instances from a linux box to a windows box with a version upgrade and sundry plugins thrown into ... giving me something , without asking , which i cannot decline to receive without looking like an asshole in front of the assembled hordes and am now obligated to reciprocate ? sure , sounds great ... ... i'm a cat herder . at least , that's what my business cards used to read back when i spent my time trying to make four business analysts agree on software specs . officially i'm a senior developer ... making chicken stock . my home has smelled like chicken for the past 24 hours . i exist in a state of perpetual hunger : sad : i generally don't remember any dreams . though i do still vividly remember a nightmare i had when i was 6 . given the dreams people recount to me ( especially when they involve me for some reason ) , ... 233106 dueling stares at ten paces . first one to burst into flames loses . an unfair advantage against other types , but that's their problem . i've found that i understand people , just not in realtime . give me a few hours to replay the interaction in my head undisturbed and it mostly makes sense . but trying to do so while the conversation ... i got a monkey skull for christmas once . i have a long-running tradition with a family member of giving weird , wtf-y presents instead of real ones because every year it used to be the same routine : ... i hate repeating my posts , but goddammit this applies to so many threads ... i crit failed my cha roll , and i take an additional 50 % frost damage . i solved both by never leaving my house . i hate our corporate vpn . all the vpns for our clients are so simple . cisco vpn is drop-dead simple to set up in linux with vpnc . but we dropped our cisco asa units and went with fricking pptp for ... '