' my whole life i've worked really hard to not screw up and be successful yet i still find myself unhappy and lonely . funny how it doesn't really matter how hard you try . i suppose we have a higher ... what if part of the fun is getting caught ? cat and mouse isn't fun unless the cat at least gets to swipe occasionally . i'm almost tempted to created my own scrabbletray dupe . we could have a site ... small takeaways : just getting out of a two year relationship is a cop out . he needs to choose whether he wants a relationship or only a fwb , and realize that fwb can get trumped and ended by ... he is risen ... happy easter , everyone ! 1 ) it was cheap ( big scholarship offers ) 2 ) it had my major ( and was a very good program ) 3 ) see # 1 i think most people are complex . we all of varying life experiences beyond just our personality . dealt with different problems . it's just tough to see that deep unless you are really close to ... hahaha ... given this post , i think you're gonna be just fine . sense of humor always goes a long way too . be kind and be yourself . we're still males , not aliens . do your typical feminine seductive stuff ( personally , i like when girls ask me out , but that's probably not true for all isfj males ) . ... yeah , you have to watch completely relying on the stereotypical descriptions . i'm certain that i'm isfj , but also not all that traditional . the schedule thing is true and i also don't ... lol ! i want to play that version ! no clue . i have lots of people who think i'm an extrovert though . usually in mbti tests my i vs e scores are close to balanced , but they always end up i , which i am certain is accurate . hey , we need to talk ... in private . usually works pretty well . especially if you sounds slightly angry . typically we're a little self conscious and don't like when people we care about are upset ... yup , sounds like he's overdue for a hey ! what the hell ! ? i wouldn't be shy about it . straight up call him out--sounds like he deserves it if you two were that close before . might be that he ... dating sites are kinda lousy . if you don't like clubs , hit up a coffee shop . i can relate . though i think it's more discomfort and a sense of is this really worth the effort than actual fear . maybe fear if it's someone i really care about and i'm really nervous they might ... not even remotely close . seriously a hand is better :d ry : : smilies 3 : all the girls in the room gonna be like : jupiter : who says they don't help ? if you're with a steady partner , you learn what they like and you put at least some focus on that . it's completely possible to have sex and only the guy or only the girl ... : eek-new :: eek-new :: eek-new : is vagina envy a thing ? cause that sounds kinda fun to try just once :d rooling : now back to drinking beer and growing chest hair to forget i admitted that ... i'm not an infp , but i'll answer just to help get your thread started . successful : there's a lot that goes into this , but i think the first step is getting your own life together a bit . finding ... i'm sure they want the best for you and don't want you to miss out due to fear . we all have a short time on this earth--taking some risk is worth the reward . and remember that the people who care ... there has to be some behavior differences based on gender , but i doubt isfj males and females really think very differently . as for emotions , i keep them to myself since i doubt anyone cares to know ... it's really sad to me that so many say that religious has negative connotations . i suppose that's probably the result of fundamentalists terrorizing people and hypocrites in search of power ... nothing wrong with self-guided study , but my beliefs definitely drive me to try to deal with other people . we all have shortcomings and we all need help , right ? it's their problem if they react ... ok . so i guess that means that religious people are spiritual but not all spiritual people are religious ? practicing faith outwardly means you do it inwardly by default but some people only practice ... i've heard more and more people say this , but i don't really understand it . i always thought spiritual and religious were synonyms . don't they mean the same thing ? how is it sin to be tricked ? sounds more like you were victim to a dishonest guy . i only tease the people i'm most comfortable with and like . i wouldn't guarantee it's flirting , but i generally find that the same qualities i value in friendship , i also value in a relationship . ... i really like it when a girl actually walks up to me , tells me i'm cute , and asks me out . it shows courage and self-confidence and is really sexy ( and it's only even happened once , so i certainly ... for me it's a bit of a catch - 22 . i want to go out to clubs and meet girls . but as an introvert , going and doing that kind of thing by myself is exhausting . probably the public place i'm easiest to ... i know how you feel . hope you find peace sooner than me . it's definitely a good thing not to blindly believe anything someone tells you . you have to explore things for yourself . but i'm sorry to hear that pulled you away completely--sounds like perhaps ... hmm ... my only suggestion is to try to work on the skill of empathy outside of these difficult situations . ask to understand how someone feels when all that emotion ( such as anger ) isn't directed at ... i would probably be at work with the rest of the poor schmucks who didn't get the day off . i've got a very technical job , and it works perfect for me . i know isfj's often love serving people ( and i certainly do ) , but i tend to get a little too emotionally attached . it's a relief for me ... like to cook ( especially for people ) . dislike doing dishes . done ... but you have to come back and post your results ! if you really like this guy , why don't you ask if you can come visit him for a week ? it would give you a chance to explore your feelings for each other , and might make for a very fun vacation ( and ... i love being approached by pretty much anyone . if i need space , i'm usually not in a very publicly approachable location . what if everybody made a genuine effort to keep in touch with everyone who has been a significant part of their lives . i don't have any experience with anything you described , but i would think what you're dealing with transcends type . mothers will do anything to protect their children , and they can't deal with ... the most fun way to find out is try out all 5 . even though everyone has a primary , that doesn't mean we can't appreciate all 5 . mine is physical touch , but i sometimes wonder if that has been more ... i'm not really sure that i have an ideal . i'm most attracted to girls after i get to know them a little . somehow a sweet heart and happy / friendly demeanor dramatically improves their ... be happy you had such a wonderful experience and don't worry so much . either your relationship will survive or it won't but there isn't much point in worrying about it . control what you can control ... i would recommend you stay away from the south , texas , midwest , and rural areas . your best bet might be a city on the east or west coast if you're looking at the u . s . does it matter whether he's very interested or not ? i think the more important question is whether you're very interested in him . if you are , ask him out . if not , go about your business as normal , ... sorry to hear you feel this way--i have a similar situation , and i don't have a significant other in my life . my only suggestions are to make sure that you are adequately reaching out to people ... i have many similar personality traits . you can label them as you wish , but i definitely consider them feminine . my whole life , i've had more trouble relating to guys and making close friendships ... it's pretty much assumed that the first couple of dates are always casual . after that just talk to the person you are dating , and let them know what you're thinking and feeling . if they think ... i think a lot of this comes out of a lack of commitment in general . ideally , when you make an exclusive commitment to someone , you are agreeing not date other people . that means you don't go ... '