' chloe is your basic extreme example of an enfp , constantly searching for answers and reasons for things in an insatiable quest to satisfy her own feelings , in this case what happened to rachel . too ... ha , didn't realize we posted the same thing word-for-word in some places i understand what that person means though ; it's been studied that drivers will basically go into peripheral-vision mode ... if i don't clean something , it pretty much ties back to not wanting to fill my day with life's mundanities , but i wouldn't throw it out over that . 1 . i think driving is very boring and tedious , so i try not to do it ( which is ok because i don't go anywhere ) , but i don't actually dread it . 2 . i'm patient , but other drivers still give me a ... i saw nick cave & the bad seeds in brooklyn and sarah mclachlan in hartford , ct last year . both sounded great and were engaging . i've also seen phish ( not my thing but they play great ) , dylan ... yeah , a common infp pitfall is the ability to crawl into and immediately feel comfortable in another person's skin , which allows us to feel warmed up to another person more quickly than other types ... red hot chili peppers — suck my kiss r . e . m . — the sidewinder sleeps tonite fleetwood mac — seven wonders smashing pumpkins — zero cat stevens — whistlestar black sabbath — paranoid depends on the genre . for example , i don't like vocal jazz , but i love instrumental jazz . on the other hand , rock instrumentals tend to lose me , and i think vocals ground them . it's too bad this ( excellent ) song is the only exposure american audiences have to the incomparable paul weller . i think it's more accurate to say i'm good at letting others speak . it gives the illusion of being a great listener , but to be honest some of the time i'm not really listening intently . rick and lori : didn't have a ton of speaking roles this season so i've forgotten where these characters stand . they are / were tough to pin down anyway . glenn : enfp ? same deal , really . shane : estj ... er , whoops . don't mind me . i'm not usually that bad with unambiguous context clues . respectfully , this is confirmation bias in action . contrast with situations where human interaction is inevitable : e . g . place the same two individuals in a crowded apartment and now the social beast ... if anything , it's best to just speak openly about the perceived rift . essentially the two of you are communicating through a third party , so further distancing yourself from the reality of the ... there are limits to the usefulness of pure knowledge . assimilating factoids and concrete systems is good in the sense that experience is good , but ultimately it is reliant on what was accepted at a ... all of the above in one way or another , but only because these are things that exist and are perpetuated outside the self . one trusts in whatever it is or values it because it appears to be ... if you want to interact with the girl , that's your prerogative . if you aren't actively trying to antagonize the guy , there's not much else you can do . it's his problem . the two things aren't related ; ... you didn't want to be scolded for a simple mistake . you knew what the danger was and respected it , but it slipped your mind for an instant , so the reprimanding seemed unnecessary to you . there's ... probably becoming overly complacent . it's a dangerous trap considering one doesn't really sense that there's anything wrong . yeah , i imagine conversations that have happened or could happen , then the person's likely response , and get angry with them for being that way . part of me knows that it's only speculation , but i ... apology is one of those concepts that everyone understands implicitly . it's taken for granted in everyday conversation that when you talk about it , you don't need to ever define the term beforehand ... no , in fact , it would stand to reason that cognitive functions are less pertinent than ever in this situation . you're not exactly processing any new information while you're trying to fall asleep ; at ... i didn't say intuition is shallow . i said ne is shallow , in the sense that all extraverted functions generally operate as such . there is no personal effect to it , so it operates solely on outside ... ne is a free-flowing conceptual sort of mentality and it appears quick so to speak . it can blow through a lot of connections in a short period of time , so it seems impressive because of its breadth ... ne beats around the bush . it makes its point without really making it . it chooses to illustrate its reasoning in a more relative manner . its final product is as much a statement about a general group ... a large aspect of the quality of extraversion is the very idea of caring about how you come across or how the collective views or judges you . if you're introverted , by nature you draw everything in ... elena : isfj damon : entp katherine : estp alaric : istp caroline : esfj klaus : estj rebekah : esfp jeremy and tyler are probably istp . bonnie and matt i have no idea . stefan is kind of a broken ... this is a universal facet of self-awareness . your conscious mind has more direct influence over your thoughts and actions , but as a consequence your natural strengths and inclinations are in check . ... i think you're not so much worried that you're dysfunctional as you are afraid you're not living up to the image you believe is correct or ideal . sephiroth is enfj . his whole thing was about reunification as he was a product of jenova . i don't know if anybody pointed this out already but during the first half of the game any time sephiroth ... i'm about halfway through the book . i haven't seen the movie yet , so i don't know if bateman is portrayed differently in that . but i can tell you that in the novel he is estp and there is not any ... i agree wholeheartedly . i find her the most realistically written and overall interesting character on the show . she is pathetic in the strictest sense of the wordx 97not in the scornful way , just that ... the closest fit for dexter is te . in the beginning , the whole basis of his personality is harry's rigid code , not his own . he struggles with how he himself feels about things . this is his main ... one of the things i like about myself is that i feel like i'm pretty good with suspending fault in most circumstances , since unless it's a recurring problem you want to help fix , there's probably no ... i think people exaggerate somewhat the idea that judging / perceiving pairs are nothing like one another . i agree that the differing functional attitudes are worth noting , but at the same time , they ... a note on perceived physical anomalies : don't get too worked up over parts of yourself you think aren't traditionally attractive . everyone is different . you just don't hear about the lesser opinions ... that feeling when you observe a particularly misguided couple and wish you could genuinely advise them that they only think they're in a relationship . there are people who don't like oddworld ? oh , the horror . i mean , munch might have been fundamentally weaker than its predecessors , but you gotta love that atmosphere . tread lightly , for you are skirting the line between where you are and the endless void known as abject subjectivism , from which there is no return . if you turn back now , you may be able to salvage ... any item from typical american breakfasts . most hamburgers , hot wings , nachos , pizza , etc . basically anything you'd find on a tgi fridays menu or something . chinese , mexican ( or at least the ... i write more eloquently than i speak , but i pick at things i write endlessly . prorated for preparation time , my spoken words are not that much less impressive when it comes down to it . i think i ... i believe the consensus can more or less be summed up as somewhat monotone , but fairly deep with a modestly pleasant baritone quality . i've also been told it seems slightly goofy at times , which i ... yeah , sleep and i don't get along well . i'm definitely not an insomniac ; if i need the sleep , i can get it done . it's just a matter of when , and my sleep cycles don't behave . i kind of go back and ... one of the more bizarre phenomenon i've noticed is that while people generally equate t with logic and f with emotion , still they subsequently come to the conclusion that the extps and ixtjs are the ... that reasoning only works if the original basis was sound . if you later come to the conclusion that your ideas about the other entps were flawed in some way , the entire paradigm will shift ... lashing out , if only because concerning the other option , no one can rightfully blame you for not expressing a whole lot of care . the implication of the term lashing out is sort of that they're not ... i consider it a moot point to ponder whether a different choice would have produced a better outcome . even with some of the more critical choices in your life , despite that the one basic facet of it ... chances are she wasn't excited because she thought the study would prove insightful . it's possible she just liked the idea of charity in and of itself ; logically then because her view of it is ... are they corrections about things that matter ? if it's an error of fact , like some kind of mathematical truth ( actually , you're mistaken . we only have three hamsters . ) , you can just point out that ... what you described is textbook se ( concrete exploring mentality ) , but if he's been around for 72 years he may have had time to develop this perspective without it actually being his dominant function . '