' haikyuu karasuno hinata : esfp - he's your typical bubbly sports protagonist kageyama : istj - poor kid's just a bit clueless tsukiyama : intj yamaguchi : isfp ? - couldn't back this up with ... i agree ! it seems like an odd typing for a musician in her ' scene ' , but she always appeared estj to me . xo as soon as i saw the title i thought shinji . looks like you beat me to it aha ! may come back to this thread after a little thought , can't come up with anything particularly interesting right now , ... yo , recently i've gotten very much into , and quickly finished , haikyuu . i always feel sports anime are wonderful for typing because of the plethora of different personalities , and the ways you get ... i'm afraid i feel neither eloquent nor intelligent enough to contribute anything to this aside from the fact i am in awe ; completely in agreement . xo i'm afraid i feel neither eloquent nor intelligent enough to contribute anything to this aside from the fact i am in awe ; completely in agreement . xo did anybody else here watch his liveshow last night ? :: 40:47 onwards ( i believe ? ? only did a brief scouring of the clip to where i remember him ... ahh i'm glad you agree with me about guillermo - i think it works . oscar did indeed seem contradictory at times due to sections about ghosts and general superstition but everyone is a contradiction i ... violent femmes - infj placebo - isfp twenty one pilots - infp gorillaz - istp panic ! at the disco - ( pre 2009 ) enfp ( post 2009 ) estp brand new - infj pulp - istj the front bottoms - isfj sex pistols - ... i was just about to start this thread how very odd . it was such an nf book , reading it felt so indulgent and wonderful - people can complain about it being purple as hell but i connected with noah to ... after reading through all this i can conclude that you guys get all the cool characters . anyway , i reckon that juuzou suzuya , my ultimate fictional favourite ( hell , he's even my icon ) , is an istp ... kyoya : intj - i can see istj if i aggressively squint , but i just don't feel he sits comfortably amongst them . he is very much goal-focussed and definitely is focused on the picture at large . * * and a ... i know he's hardly famous ( yet ) but do any of you have any thoughts on father's type ? i don't feel informed enough to take a stab at it , but would love to hear any views ... xo obviously there's no official hierarchy but i would guess xxfps due to the fact that combination of being less prone to planning things out , and having strong emotions to draw from would lend itself ... i'm afraid i'm still only at the tip of the iceberg when it comes to anime , but as of yet i enjoy : - death note - tokyo ghoul ( s1 , reading as well ) - psycho pass - ouran highschool host club ... my guess is for ixfp - leaning towards infp . as for me : 1 ) juuzou suzuya ( tokyo ghoul ) 367154 2 ) veronica sawyer ( heathers ) 367162 3 ) mello ( death note ) im not too certain either im afraid , but if it helps for research purposes im fairly certain that my mum is an isfp and my dad is an intj ... it appears to have ended with me being some combination of ... the thing about light is : at no point does he consider what he is doing to be wrong , if you take that into account it appears he has very strong morals , no matter how disturbing or misplaced they ... infj still currently in highschool ( or the english equivalent ) , amongst teachers i stand in rather good favour - i mainly zone out in lessons but get work done and in english always have much to ... yo . the outsiders is up there with my favourite books of all time - even if the writing isn't technically beautiful the themes and interaction between characters hooks me ... as far as i can ... i largely agree with this , but rei's constant emphasis on aesthetic beauty rather than the process leading to it would suggest a sensor above inuitive ? isfj appears to be a possibility , yet i am not ... in a sense i know that i'm considered somewhat attractive by others , but my self-confidence is lacking and i fail to see it . which is either odd or explained by the fact i find unconventional looks ... i like analyzing and breaking down various texts , and find that easy . as for fictional writing , i can only do dark ; oddly vague things . poetic in the loosest , simply lots of disjointed imagery into ... - manipulative - selfish - complete god complex - forgetting time for actual human activities like eating and washing hair - insomniac - throws self into theories and fictional universe ( general ... i find people who are blunt and rather unconventional attractive . other j types grate with me as partners and i can easily adapt to more perceptive types . in general i like people who can come off as ... xo i have a not so subtle thing for intps , i feel very comfortable around them but at the same time they interest me a lot . intjs are fun to discus extravagant headcanons about various medias with ( in ... intps also intjs ' get ' me for the most part . esfxs are either a riot or the most insufferable of all , but when they're good , they're great . special shoutout to isfps , infps ( ... sometimes ) and enfjs ... our love is god , let's go get a slushie - heathers i've no idea of the ' official ' analysis but the juxtaposition of extremism and dramatics with an archetypal american teenage ? ? kind of ? ? icon ... i'm tempted to add some thoughts about rin to this thread - not necessarily his mbti , but perhaps some explanation of why he is impossibly hard to pinpoint : ( ? ) in my opinion rin displays some pretty ... how about psycho-pass characters ? i'm about 15 episodes into the first series so may be missing some important character arcs , however the impressions i get are : akane : infx - in the earlier ... i've only just watched the film recently ( sue me ) but the characters we're all so well written i cannot stop pondering about the possibilities of my types - here are some rough ideas : veronica : ... i nearly completely agree with you but here's my opinion : luke : infp ( odd for the lead singer , but if you watch their old youtube videos / younows he definately hangs back ) michael : jesus , is this ... i'm by no means an expert at this ... but from the sounds of it she's an infx - if anyone with more knowledge could help that'd be great ! x xstjs - i'm sure they're all wonderful people but i'm a wimp and every single one that i've met have made me feel scared and immature . x why is personalitycafe user tezcatlipoca so determined to generalize ? x everything i listen to is either sad , or about getting revenge after sadness i suppose ... one of my favourite songs of all time ( lua by bright eyes [ god what an emo ] ) is definitely sad . in my opinion ... cruelness to the vunerable - animals , mentally unstable people etc . and generally hateful language ( e . g i cannot stand the word f * * * t and being in school i hear it all the time and it makes my skin ... yeah , even though it's probably not all that great to , i often find myself romanticising the darker side of life ... i guess i'm just drawn to the ? vulnerability ? of it almost , it's very raw and ... probably jesse lacey and ryan ross ... although i do think that infps have definitely produced some of the best music , all types can make wonderful things - they're diverse ! x * shamelessly bumps * 148370 ew galaxies . what a dirty hipster ... : tongue : x hi again , i know this is a bit late with them now being an idea instead of a band so to speak , but i've been pondering this for a while . below i've just written some rough outlines , which i ... as in the white stripes and general guitar badassery ... from what i can gather he's known to be rather eccentric , but as for personality type i'm at a loss . thoughts ? x type 4 current teenager here ... i feel like i have the tendency to be like that oh god * hides * . well actually i'm not / that / cringey ( compared to the ! ! wow i'm so alternative xd ! ! scene kids ... this might be totally irrelevant , but i'm an infp and am constantly compared to marceline by my friends . am not completely sure that's a good thing ? but , yeah there's that ... x sent from my ... mine is probably kitchen sink by twenty one pilots : ___ nobody thinks what i think , nobody dreams when they blink think things on the brink of blasphemy i'm my own shrink think things are after ... i really think that hazel from the fault in our stars is an infj , if you compare her to pudge ( whom i think is infp ) she doesn't seem to view events the same way . i'm not very good at this but , infp ... infp ( 4w5 ) in the end it would completely be the decision of the individual , and i don't believe i would have the right to make that choice . if i really wanted a job and they offered to help ... lizard . sent from my ipod touch using tapatalk '