' hello , fellow likely 9w1 . i've gotten similar results to yours . :) you're right on a tritype being 3 types , so you could be 9-5- 2 or 9-6- 2 . according to tritypes , you have one gut fix ( 1/9 /8 ) , head ... it would probably be my lifelong insecurity and deep seated belief that my life isn't worth any effort . it pisses me off that we get infantalized / angelfied and / or demonized . it seems we're seen as one extreme or the other . when we're selfish , independent , or hurt people ( as humans do ) , our niceness / ... hurt me by lapsley . spotify says i'm indie trash . si really isn't a practical , organized function . if we want to organize , or do it for someone else , we will , but that doesn't apply to everything . my clothes and makeup are organized , as are files ... i wouldn't rather jump off and die than hold any conversation , of course , but unless i'm with people i can really talk to , i'm just awkward and usually regret trying to converse . so skydiving , ... finally , another isfj that is messy , lazy , and motivated by others ! sorry , it's just not many people claim to be isfjs yet not organized to a fault ( though i'd like to be ) . i got excited . maybe i am ... there is absolutely no appeal to cigarettes for me , not even a high . they're just gross and life ruining , imo . i've also never voted ( pointless ) or jumped off a plane . i'd rather jump off a plane ... i take it your dad was the type to put you in your place when nothing in your behavior called for it ? mine has always done the blaming , threats , and dominating talk to me ( and my mom , and literally ... your dad sounds just like mine . no child should be treated that way . it does feel good to admit when parents have mistreated you . i think it should be more accepted , but spoiled brats have ... it must have been rough , especially for an isfj 9w1 ( hi ) . i read that some kids become 9s if they have temperamental parents . toxic dominant te can be a nightmare , especially in a parent . did yours ... has anyone else clashed with their impractical esfp mom ( bonus if you were stuck with a temperamental estj dad ) ? if i'm driving alone , i'll swear and rant a bit at whoever pissed me off ( which is me , sometimes ) . however when i'm really angry , it's at my dad who just might snap and get violent , so i've been ... break up with her . do you really want to hold back your honest thoughts for the rest of your life ? if you're really an intj , i doubt it . as an isfj , while i'm stereotypically sensitive , i don't want ... i'm an isfj living with a super unhealthy estj . it's true that isfjs can play victim , be hypersensitive , etc . i would never date an isfj . what i don't like about my dad ( the estj ) are these ... this was me until i turned 21 . now i'm 22 and a friendless loser with a way to get alcohol . :p casual drinker , though . it makes sitting at home by myself more enjoyable . it also makes me less ... this ^ especially for katniss , in the movies and books ( though for the movie , we see more of her emotions ) . reading the books before knowing mbti , i related to her a lot ( isxjs ) but saw she's much ... your friends suck . get new friends . it's never fun to be the stupid one in the group , whether or not it's accurate . once someone in a group becomes ostracized like that , they're screwed . if i was ... as an actual isfj , i find people around me are determined to think i'm stupid because i don't get off by tearing people apart , and i don't see the need to voice every thought i have . i think a lot of ... i don't know how there are so many isfjs in the world , considering how stressed out we are . like your friend , i'd read what i wrote over and over again , wondering what i said wrong ... and who wants ... i feel a bit ridiculous , but i don't try to stop worrying altogether , because i believe my worrying is justified ( as in people really have just not wanted to respond ) and it's so ingrained in me ... that's lame of them . it's hard to know a friend ( or acquaintance ) feels that way . it's happened to me a lot , so i feel you . i also understand worrying about where someone is ! ! it's one thing if they ... i think one isfj problem is fearing the worst when someone doesn't reply ... and still hang on for their reply . if you don't have that trait , cool , but i did for a long time until i gradually stopped ... don't feel like you need to get back on topic . i'm struggling to form a response to everyone's suggestions that goes beyond thank you , you're right , that's a good idea , no i'm not gonna kill ... i should probably just start a hobby . i did start reading a book series , and that's nice , but i don't have any big goals in life , so i'm having difficulty giving a shit about anything i should ( or ... i'm a 964 , most likely a 9w1 - 6w5 - 4w5 . yes ! ! being as messy and forgetful as i am is one ( two ? ) reason ( s ) i've doubted being an isfj . i deep down want to be neat , and i sometimes have an excellent memory , but i can be quite forgetful , and ... i agree as well . i can totally understand where the paranoid isfj came from , as i've had it too ( and people have a history of going behind my back so i think mine's justified ) , but that does not ... 1 ) if you get a question ( specifically maths or physics questions ) that are new , unknown or you are challenged to answer it cause it is a hard question or cause its new and unknown . will you attempt ... the idea of an isfj aries is ridiculous ( without getting into moons and all that ) , but here i am . i'm pretty evenly split between them , for good and bad traits . discounting their life experiences and mental illnesses , i think my mom's esfp and my dad's estj . i'm definitely isfj . forgive me for ... people can't tell why i'm upset , but they can usually tell something's bothering me if it's intensely bothersome ( depends on what it is ) . i can get fidgety , more quiet than usual , look ... i don't recall my pottermore result , but i took the 125 question helloquizzy test this year , and barely got hufflepuff . that disappointed me , but it makes complete sense . i can't argue with it . my ... no , i'm really not . i appreciate other nice people , but i don't like the way i am . ( all degrees in fahrenheit ) this is how i feel as well . chilly weather , including snow , is great . close to zero is just too cold . i once felt 3 degree weather in colorado , and it just sucked . my ... last time i took the test i got physical touch , which makes sense since even little touches really make me feel good . i think quality time and touch are my top two languages . i never get to do much ... i think dom ti and tertiary si could result in the need to collect information to understand something , or just for fun , but ti-ne would explain your need for variety ( like your isfj friend , i could ... i hate to reply without actually contributing thing ( maybe i'll add something when i get home from school ) , but considering what i've seen on your typing tumblr and this post here , i'd go with intp ... don't apologize for not being a native english speaker . having actual conversations in a non-native language is pretty cool . okay , so you did mean texting . thank you for clarifying . public speaking ... as far as texting ( is that what you meant by chatting in your app phone ? ) and iming , vs talking , it depends on the isfj . i'm personally pretty socially awkward and incompetent in person , but i ... without knowing him individually , i'm not sure what to say . if he doesn't have a crush on you , he's never going to tell you . never . in that case , you'd have to initiate ( i apologize for isfj's fear ... i'll try to include pros and cons . my memory's not photographic , but even people who are actually intelligent ( able to make connections and do things with them , imo ) have been impressed . long term ... so we have fi-se , se-fi , ne-fi , or fi-ne ... i think . i know ne is ideas and se is action , but i still have trouble distinguishing them in actual characters . maybe she's even a messed up t . the bolded ones are from a typing tumblr . the others are my own awful guesses . infj - isfj - agnes ( poker house ) istj - katniss ( hunger games ) , ree dolly ( winter's bone ) istp - mystique ( first class , ... is movie tiffany a fe dom ? she seems to do whatever she feels like doing - makes me think she has fi and se somewhere in there . i think other isfjs are great , and people in general could learn a lot from their kindness . i just seem to have all the problems of one , without any of the good traits . yay for other isfjs ! fuck , i am tired of dealing with everyone else's bullshit . so you know what ? here is how everyone is fucking up their own lives , and my own , and i'm going to abandon you and do what i want , because i ... i honestly don't know , and am probably completely wrong . i was just thinking 5s are going to be less emotional and people-pleasing than other isfjs , that's all . '