' hello i am looking for the force i see she was banned , and i cannot send her private messages ? help or something :) plz i was reading up on adhd yesterday for the first time , although i could identify with it on many different levels , for some reason there were a lot of things that made me feel like that is not what i ... here you go hitler , i apologise , i am not english like you . epiphany a moment of sudden and great revelation or realization . remember , there are twotypes of people in life : i think the link may be hard to understand and would definitely not be applicable to most people . one may have one , or the other , or having one could lead to the other , or you could get over both ... as complicated as this is , all of these things combined describes my life , i have always wondered if one becomes intp because of circumstances or if one is born an intp . everyone has their own life ... good morning all i just woke up , i was having a dream and everything just became clear to me , about myself . i had a appifany about myself . i am not sure if any of you have the same problem , or ... very interesting , i was not familiar to the term but i just read up on the topic on wikipedia . liminality - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia here in south africa , we do not really have anything ... yeah in the winter i would wear sock in the house all the time , the cold is another story completely also after watching a lot of anime at a younger age , instarted taking off my shoes when going ... i was reading another thread now and realised i would like a answer to this topic . do you like shoes ? do you like wearing them , like on your feet ? i do not like wearing shoes , i like to be ... dump me after 7 years and tell me i need to get a life when i thought she was perfectly happy with my life as i lived it . :/ i am highly offended and now hate my past life . i killed that life , ... every day , is the same as the day before . finding a way to give humanity immortality , would save the world someday . my parents concieved me over the december holidays makes sense people have more sex when on holiday .. hey bro i am not a major worker , dont really like work and i have never had a real job 9-5 , but i have some advice :) i started waiering when i was 17 , did not enjoy it at first , but enjoyed ... try everything atleast once maybe do it again if it was good - this does not apply to crack , meth and heroin wolfrahm fredward haha finally ! i was wondering when i would find the first south africans on here :D i really have been envious of all the americans :P where are both of you from ? as my ... this sounds like something i did a few months ago . i think it broke our 7 year relationship .. a bit of backstory to set the mood ... so the gf and i have been dating for 7 years , she is now 20 , ... give it to me please , or atleast share yours ... ;) so i found this page very interesting indeed . i was reading up about atypical depression , and then i stumbled upon this . it seems to me i have got atypical depression , long story short , it gets ... interesting :) is this natural for your body or is this work related ? what work do you do and how do you cope with this irregular sleeping pattern :) i learn so many new things on this forum :D ... sorry bro , no sexist intended in the creation of this thread :) but the basis of the nothing box is that men and women have different types of brains , i did not create it just found the concept and ... i fully get what you mean , and agree with you . i also zone out , but not to a nothing state of mind , i zone out to think more deep than usual . i also have conversations within my head , or daydream ... through out my life i have always said that i like purple the most , secondary would be lime green and then baby blue this is a very new concept to me , i was speaking with a intj male friend yesterday , and he mentioned to me something about the nothing box apparently a male has a part of his brain where he can ... 30 spoons is only 10 cups :) some days i drink more :) this may be strange , but have been doing it for over 10 years everyday , so pretty much normal for me :) definitely the main reason for the ... as for diet : i am not a big eater , i was fat when i was younger so i learnt that i never would like to be that again , and one thing i believe is you don't eat as much as you would like tomeat , or ... something like this , is something i really would like to be able to do , but as hal said , the way which the world these days require so many unnecessary steps and actions to reach the final outcome , ... i have actually heard that before , usually just after ;) but i do agree with you on the latter , i hope to not really expand on my list in the future .. what can i say .. i was young , dumb , and full ... i have abandoned this thread because everyone tries to say something clever about weed addiction . enjoy my sad story ! :D i say what i mean , dont mean what i say . that's one thing still on my list something i have really considered , would freeze some sperm first , but really something i have thought about a lot in the past reading that bit of revelations , the color bronze makes sense to him looking like some indian , but the white hair does not sound right for a man who died in his mid 30 ' s .. even though there is a lot ... i went through a very curious stage in my life , i had this idea of wanting to experience all types of girls , all shapes , sizes , color , types and ages . i think i have had sex with about 25 + ... ahhahaha this made me chuckle for over 20 seconds :D i would usually wait even up to a minute before i eat it in public , but it's so hard to throw away such a nice piece of jerky ! :P but i would ... sorry for the spelling :P will edit that quick :) i did get tick bite fever once , it was really horrible , i was in bed for over 2 weeks and the scab was huge ! it bit me on the centre of my head , ... one more thing , from walking around with my hands in my pockets being cool , i forgot how to swing my arms when i walk , it started becoming unnatural and i would walk with my arms hanging straight , ... so i have a question for you guys / girls when i was younger i had a few tics , what is a tic ? not the arachnids you find on cattle no , the nervous tics which are involuntary habits your body / brain ... hahaha when i wear my red shirt i do actually look like that ;) one thing to keep in mind , if there were a real picture of what jesus looked like , he would probably look a lot more like a indian or ... self-acceptance does not equal stopping , that is correct . what i mean to ask is do we ever stop trying to understand to the point that we can go on with other aspects of life , to the point where ... i feel like i would rather sit and try understand myself , rather than doing anything with myself i don't know if anyone else has felt this way , but in the past i have had a feeling like i was god , like a god complex , i dont feel this nearly as much anymore , but i do feel like i could be the next ... so as the topic states , are we on a never ending quest to understand ourselves , or have any of you ever given up on that quest or finally understood yourselves ? it feels to me like that is the ... this is one of the main reasons i dont like going out to clubs usually some drunk person would come up to me i met a long time ago and be like : hey bro , friend , buddy , man , how you doing , where ... thank you for listening to me and my feelings instead of just speaking about yourself and your interests thank you for taking my feelings into account before what you just said thank you for ... i always called my ex my bear , she never really understood it but it became my pet name for her over the past few years .. and she will always be my bear ... although she didn't really understand , ... :) you live here before ? where are you living now :) i am living near a small town called knysna :) it is the heart of the garden route and about 600km from cape town :) the town has 75k inhabitants and is basically between ocean and forrests :) ... i know this is a useless thing to think of for sure , but i think of many useless things which the answer really is not worth the time to think about :P simple concepts really get me trying to ... i am a 90 ' s child , born in 1990 :) growing up i did play with lego a bit , bht not really that much sadly .. i use to disassemble electronics , then reassembled them , and kept doing this untill i ... so this is something i think abou often , just curious as to if anyone else have ever thought about this or dwell on the topic , here it goes .. so in the world , everything takes a certain amount if ... there are actually way more shit talking than i expected for 7 pages of responses :P i was really hoping for some advice on what career to go into as i am really trying to find some direction in ... '