' thank you volant ! ! ! i will change it as per your suggestion . thank you for the feedback ! ! 2nd remake of 2nd poem ! ! actually its the fourth remake : laughing : . but anyway ... feedback ! ! ! i'm planning ( maybe ) on giving this to her so i want your feedback guys ! ! a white butterfly in the woods ... thanks for the feedback volant ! ! rereading it after 2 days i see what you mean about the different stanzas not connecting with one another . kinda hard rhyming it and putting what you feel about her ... my second shot in making a poem . critic and suggestions are appreciated . i have not learn how to construct a poem properly so tips and tricks are always a good idea . a white butterfly in the woods ... pm for video / chat :) hot and crazy . only enfp women can make our infp hearts swoon like crazy . i will edit my poem and give this to her . i was surprise that guys were the one who replied on my thread . i was expecting women to give their input . thank you so much for the feedback guys ! ! you should have seen my face . shock and awe ! procrastination and being a perfectionist ditto ! ! 79729 < = = = me : angry : the first time i saw you , my heart skips a beat . like a gale that swept me through my feet . i want to know you with all my heart , but there is only pain in your heart . i tried to quell the ... i know right ? i found the quote on twitter some politician tweet it , so i was curious how nf's respond to this . how do i join ? do i need user name and password ? how easily someone is offended is directly proportional to how stupid they are . since nf's are one of the mostly sensitive type personalities out there . what is your opinion on this ? i interpreted ... i am fit guy who used to be fat too . my advice for you is do not starve yourself your body will think that you are starving and it will store as much fat as possible . people think in order to become ... i would be superman if i am not human . nah , mine is pretty small too . here is mine . 76775 edited a picture i posted here a while ago .. lazy to take a picture of myself again . i read some of the posts and i would say i am really sorry you encountered such men in your life . not all men are like that and i for one do not think women as some piece of meat to enjoy . thank you ... selfie mode ! ! ! 7676676767 and my face when i need something from someone ... 76768 ... the puppy dog look works every time ... >:] sad ? i love your eyes they are beautiful ! ! it makes all the more sweeter . :) i disagree depression is not a personal choice . no one wants to go to that phase . i been there and i still am crawling my way out of that pit of despair . i do no want to go to that world , which is ... it will be a tough road ahead of her for a while , but help her in anyway you can . my dad had similar incident and it was tough for him too . if you can in any way shift her attention to something then ... sounds like a plan to me . well first of all why is she depressed ? work ? relationship ? getting low-elf-esteem ? shy ? you cannot help if you do not know the full exact details . it seems nf's have the same mode of thinking of wanting a deep conversation before becoming genuinely interested in people . i wonder how sf and st respond to this i should bring this to their thread ... thank you claire ! ! finding interesting people will be hard since i do not find people interesting at the moment , but i will try . :) this holds true to me . problem is i am not in the best state mentally ... a lot of stress going on and my positive energy is on all time low . :( title says it all :D from my own experiences what helps is move your thoughts from yourself to the other people . what is he like ? he is talking about a tv show . he must like watching tv . something like that . also , it ... this holds true for me . :) it is a weird thing.when i take the mbti test i usually score as an infp most of the time , but i feel like that is because i never develop my e when growing up . when i learned about mbti and the ... i am pretty darn good at reading people . i do it like i am breathing air . the problem is that i used to be shy as a result i am socially inept . responding to them verbally based on what they feel and ... i have eaten a starfruit before . it is ver sweet you should try it ! ! from what i understand in what you said . do not tell people about personal life until you get close to them am i right ? i do not watch the office so i cannot relate , but i might watch it since the ... thank god ! ! i read it some of it in my quest to become more sociable , but never liked some of their teachings . i do not get all the be the alpha and treat women as objects concepts . do tell your ideas ! ! i am open for it ! ! having xnfp in my type indicates i like new ideas ! ! oh wait ... do not tell me you are trying to let me do a pua type interaction ? well ... i never told her that ... ha ! i must be infp . this is a story of my life ! ! well used to be ... i drew blanks most of the time and not sure how to properly respond to people , but i realize it is because i do not socialize that ... acquaintance / stranger right now not sure which is which . i tried to invite her to sit with one of our classmates after class at the cafeteria to hang out , but she keeps saying she needs to do ... i know how you feel . i used to be like that very scared in saying the wrong things . being a shy guy myself it is harder for me to have that kind of personality . i destroyed a lot of potential ... do you guys ( gals ) like if i guy approached you and flirt with you ? how do you gently pursue her without giving off a sense that she needs to be extroverted with me . for example , if she likes going to ... double post sorry . i am curious what type of personality she have . i stumble upon this videos and she is making me laugh with her antics . ... ack you stole my thunder ! ! ! this is hard , respect , love , and happiness are intertwine together for me . one cannot exist without the other . would you love someone without respecting them first ? would you feel happiness when you ... what changed in you when you switch ? :p ha ! it is suffocating ! ! i am still learning more about mbti , but if i type my family i would say most of them or sj or sp . my mom is isfp , brother is istp , dad is istj or estp , other brother is ... list the character traits you find on people you know who are either infp or enfp who are unhealthy . '