' okay , i will try . i have almost zero hope that i will make it through the whole 30 days but hey - - i'm good at starting shit . we are good teachers but not in the sj school environment . that's the problem . i was almost roped into teaching high school math - when i saw what an absolute nightmare it would be ( dealing with all ... interesting . i sucked my thumb til i was 9 , i think we talked about this once a long time ago on this board - - a lot of us were thumb suckers for a really looong time . plus the picky eating etc . i ... i might be the oldest woman on this forum , just stopping by for my yearly visit :) this seems to change as you get older . or depends on what line of work you get into . at this point in my life i ... i don't call or text anyone , really . on facebook , i divided my friends into two lists , which i named acquaintances and close friends . i put most of the people onto the acquaintance list . this ... in the past i have struggled with thinking i was estp , but that's probably because when i hang out with an estps i feel extremely comfortable , plus i can be really arrogant and stuff . but ti always ... i have a totally unrelated question regarding the op : people plan long holidays to ibiza when they don't have a job ? define romantic . to me , romance = let me drive his convertible and crash it into a curb . or sex in a duck blind . ( it's official . i need to date an estp . ) but back to your problem : romance ... haha , my it guru istp friend sent me a message yesterday at work , asking me how it was going . i replied something like i'm sitting here thinking about telling this customer to suck my d * * * ... my daughter does this . and this year , in the middle of third grade , she decided to quit doing her school work and hid all of her failing tests from me . ( granted , i'm scatter brained and couldn't give ... there are male infps ! i've never met one . that would be interesting ... irl i generally attract entjs . or psychos . ;) that reminds me , i really need to go back through here and find my pics so i can delete them . you wackjobs . this is why i don't ski . i don't have to be an expert at anything to lie on my boat and drink beer . ;P my 9 year old dd is entp i'm pretty sure . i've been thinking this about her for a couple of years now , and the older she gets the more right it seems . so : dd comes home from school with a big hole ... i second carpentry . i am way more relaxed when i'm building something then when i'm sitting at work . i wanted to leave engineering for contracting , but it appears to me that the contracting industry ... reeses , baby ruth , 100 grand , rolos , basically anything chocolate / peanut butter / chewy . i ate ice cream for dinner every single night for the last 2 weeks . my boss is intj . i think he hired me because he liked me and thought we would get along - - in other words i don't challenge him or give him any trouble , while he's busy planning his world ... this communication freeze-up , or handicap , whatever you want to call it ? i will actually get stuck trying to get words out of my mouth , and will start gesturing with my hands a lot . i swear to god ... # 1 . procrastination / not getting anything done for days / weeks on end # 2 . isolation . # 3 . that horrible horrible ti loop that can't get out of by myself no the glass is clearly leaking and needs to be thrown away before it wrecks the tabletop . cripes i hate that saying . whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger <--- total bullshit . 33 . of course . you'll still have your wallet when i drop you off . yeah i don't know what i was thinking , special forces is probably estj territory - huah ! :P i'm a cave dweller , i have no idea what i'm talkin about ! yes , alcohol ! i'll be gentle . or not . :P jesus . drinking just turns me into an estp . embrace your se and stop thinking so much . as far as making friends , i struggle with this . i say inappropriate things . like this farmer that i work with ... duck . honey . i will get you a drink and we can discuss our apathy . it won't hurt , i promise . * kisses * i don't try to flirt . the eye thing though ... i'm not careful enough about what i stare at sometimes . gets me in trouble . i have been accused of leading boys on when i was younger . mostly my ... triple posting wheee ! benja don't worry i am not talking about really fake dd implants . that would sort of defeat the purpose ! ha ha ok i should not imply that estps are shallow and don't think deeply . that was mean and stereotypical . * slaps hand * i'll say he was way more fun than i am . there . i know ! here i am thinking about implants and going omg maybe i really am in estp but no . think of someone you know who is an isfp , and decide if you really get that person . i will be ... ^ ^ this also , all of my carpentry and remodeling / design work is based on what i find visually appealing . i love art . i just am not a feeler . this would be why i'm considering breast implants ... follow up question then : how do you feel about dinner parties / let's invite people over for dinner ! with like , appetizers and music and small talk . i hate it . i want to eat in peace , not sit around a table with family and talk . i can talk when i'm not starving i think that is a tradition enforced by some other type . everyone i know in it support is on the verge of suicide / ulcers / younameit fratz - this is why i refuse to move up the ladder and take on more responsibility . i already know that i would hate it ... now that i have enough money to save , i decided that stockpiling money in the stockmarket is not my style . it is frightening to throw money into something that doesn't feel concrete ... that i can't ... don't hate . ;) in other news , i drank a margarita before grocery shopping last week , and the kids managed to get another wii game out of me . because when i feel good , i don't give a crap even more than usual awesome . also : maybe later - ask me after i drink this alcohol , otherwise no or maybe later = if i'm not totally pissed off , that will depend on how annoying you are i only have one enfp friend . after 3 years of knowing her , i disregard 99 % of everything she says to me . it's the only way to survive and still be friends . okay i'm already drunk but here goes : + 1 imagine many years in the future , being forced to socialize with people you can't connect with . it sucks then again , if your so is rich and is ... well that was rude . you should have just walked away instead . say you have to take a dump and you'll be back later . you know , rather than turn this into amateur hour , if you have serious theology / science questions there are a lot better forums to get deep information on that subject . ( assuming you are for real in ... - - note on # 3 : my experience in the dance world dealt with both the people who do it for a living , own & operate studios , and the people who do it socially at least once / twice a week . i'd say 50 % ... i'm sorry , what's wrong with breaking out the vodka ? i have some blueberry vodka in the fridge calling my name ! although i just cleaned out my kids bathtub drain because it was completely ... laughing inappropriately while crying is totally normal . don't other types do this ? ;) although she does come up with excellent ideas . like the time i was wondering out loud how i could take a class without actually having to show up . and she said well grandma looks a lot like you , ... omg my daughter is entp and the thought trains just make me want to cry sometimes . i can't yell at her like that , but i swear the day is coming when i'm going to have to tell how much i just don't ... this is cracking me up because the only estp i know in real life built his own insurance company . he's rich as crap . flies his own private jet , blah blah total salesman . ( pot head too ) :) se > ti it's like when i decide to eat a triple size sonic blast full of reeses pieces . that will make you feel sick / fat / whatever--omg shut up this is so aaawesome ti > se is like today ... 35248 i would be a fun extrovert ! '