' 4w5 . i am the opposite of aggressive . another thought : if infjs do tend to like people who are hard to get , it might have something to do with the whole perfectionist-about-romance thing . i know i've always had a disconnect between the ... it's funny that everyone seems to be giving examples of shy people as hard to get . for me , the extroverts i get crushes on are the ones i really give up on . it's easier for me to become close to an ... quang has it spot-on . as a 4 ( w5 ) , i've found myself relating to a lot of type - 2 things - emotional intensity , need to be needed , strong proclivity toward relationships and helping other people , ... i think maybe the things that each type needs are also the things that they might eventually do well without . in terms of transcending the enneagram and stuff ? for example , a 9 might freak out in the ... infj cisgender female masculine : 54.167 neutral : 66.667 feminine : 78.333 oh , please . i would love to know what humans think . humans fascinate me ! all the darkness and secret beauties and vulnerabilities buried beneath the surface ... * creepy salivate * but i love animals ... when i first saw the title of this thread , i almost laughed out loud , since i am the only 4 i know ( as far as i know ) and i really don't think of myself as intimidating . i do have a pretty strong ... omg the top two are both true for me . but i'm the opposite for the third . i'm left-handed ( though kind of ambidextrous when it comes to sports ) and mostly left-footed . as for visual thinking , i ... absolutely 4 . love is an ideal thing , marriage a real thing ; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished . apparently i'm a taurus . nope nope nope . if it's something tiny like taste in food or clothing , that's fine , i don't care , as long as they don't try to impose it on me . basically the same thing if it's a book or something--i'm a fan of ... - my intj friend , who i love because i can talk to her about basically anything ( except really heavy stuff ) , and while she might have a completely different opinion , she will still accept and ... cutting people out of my heart , but not necessarily my life , because i can tell that trying to have a meaningful relationship is going to be far too emotionally draining for me . there have been some ... my best friends can't understand how i'm not an enfp . to me , though , the difference between how i act when i have something to talk about ( with them , everything ) and when i don't ( basically every ... only if it's genuine , and a deeper relationship is * very * likely to occur , and the other person seems to be showing some interest back . but it can't go on for too long . also , if someone is chasing ... ' cause i won't go out with someone if i don't have a major crush on them already , and i find it hard / terrifying to have a crush on someone who isn't basically my best friend , and if someone is ... i believe that literally anything can be beautiful if you look at it right . even the most mundane things , like a chair ; even dirty or ugly things like a clump of dirt . honestly , even ugly things ... i'm not such a big fan of the idea of an afterlife being perfect because then i feel like it doesn't do justice to the importance and possibilities of this one , so let's take this one as ... intp yeah , talking about all that deep and emotional stuff just isn't up my alley . take all your heart-to-heart shit somewhere else . i want to grab someone's hand and run until we get to someplace where it isn't raining anymore , and we can lie in the grass and talk about things people never talk about anymore ... what i mean is , how do you feel it ? do you get strong physical reactions ? or is it more of a mental thing ? and also , would you say you like feeling emotions , or do you tend to shy away from them ? ... staaare . make awkward eye contact . never talk to them . social : 38/50 self preservation : 28/50 sexual : 43/50 yes , yes , yes . i have this weird problem . i know for sure that my dominant instinct is sx ; i relate to practically everything in it ... i couldn't help noticing that you and your parents have the exact same enneatypes as me and mine ... do you think there could be a pattern there ? my mom is a 1w2 , my dad a 9w1 . my sister and i are both ... i haven't met that many 4s , but i'm almost positive my younger sister is a 4w5 as well . we get along pretty well for siblings . i think we understand each other but also understand that the other ... my walls are painted pale blue . one wall is completely covered with poems that i cut out from a magazine i get every month . there's also a small framed painting of an eagle over a waterfall in a ... yeah , i'm one of those people who listens to sad music when they're sad . i guess i can tend to over-dramatize my emotions , so i always like music that amplifies whatever i'm feeling , even if it's ... i mean , i don't enjoy shopping just for the sake of shopping , but if i'm shopping for something i'm really into and if i'm not having too much trouble with it , then it's pretty fun . finding a store ... oh , hey , i found this : not sure how canon or reliable it is , though . technically if i could actually speak to my younger self i wouldn't tell her anything , because it might change the course of my life so that i wouldn't even realize those things at all . i think ... i'm starting to wonder if what other people call love is actually entirely different from that thing i said i wanted so much . is it even possible for two people to feel the degree of connection ... nothing is real . the thing that people call reality is really just the collective idea of what the majority consider is the truth . we can't ever know for sure whether we or the world around us is ... i always have stuff scattered all over the floor of my room ( i don't have any well-lit chairs or desks and so i spend most of my time lying on the floor ) , but i can clean it all up in five minutes if ... infj , bat : this is a decidedly nonconformist creature , for as an airborne personality , the bat tends to look down at the conventions of the ground animals . and yet , since it is not a true bird ... according to this , i'm an isfj . close--my actual type is infj ! well , i'm not entirely sure about my birth time , so that makes room for that particular error . personally , i've never had very much ... 1 . what does your introspection involve ? usually how i feel and why . if i feel a certain way ( or don't ) and it confuses me , then i start searching myself , trying to figure out why . i mean , it's not ... i can't always remember my dreams very clearly , but when i do , they're almost always positive . i hardly ever have a bad dream . ( actually , i take that back--just as i was reading this post , i ... i'm a 4w5 5w4 9w1 ( i could be a 495 though , i'm not sure ) . infj , sx / so . i've always felt like that . it's kind of weird , but ever since i was 8 years old , i've been searching for someone i could truly connect with , which in my head took the form of a romantic ... pumpkin pie . happy thanksgiving ! bad synonym there's a thesaurus a few feet away , but i didn't feel like getting it . trying to avoid writing the 6 journals i have to catch up on for english class . that's very interesting . i always considered myself to be more sensitive than most other people ( i'm a 4w5 ) and also much more of a crier . but there've been multiple times when i felt like i should ... black rock shooter attack on titan beyond the boundary hetalia kokoro connect also , hyouka and mirai nikki have the best opening and closing songs . ones : w2 apdenoatis : 1w2 2w1 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) vaan : 1w2 3w4 7w6 sx / so arkendale : 1w2 6w5 4w5 sp / so - w9 milli 66 : 1w9 4w5 so / sp pterodactyl : 1w9 5w4 2w1 so / sx lightside perspicacious : 1w9 ... i have dark brown eyes and i'm an infj . i've read that too . i'm an introvert and apparently have an anxious attachment style , which i think is ridiculous . introversion and extroversion have nothing to do with bad parenting--some parents ... i would definitely say that eren is an f . as for your theory of creators of shows or books making the characters opposite to their types , that's pretty interesting . i'm an infj and i love to write ; ... '