' i guess i'm closest to anarchism , but i prefer the post-left variants . i'm really just opposed to hierarchy in general more than anything . ha i'm the only one who voted krautrock ! :) intp anthem it seems people either judge me as dumb or brilliant , heh . 1 . ) 40 living at home in their parents basement . no . 2 . ) 40 year old virgin neither . 3 . ) socially deprived last time was over the phone i'm afraid :| . not good at dealing with such things . tough choice , ended up going with academist , environmentalist and liberalist . i really wanted to put pacifist too though . i lose all judgement and become the most charismatic and social person i know . i'm not kidding ! thinking's my favorite activity , i never want to stop so sleep is hard in that regard . edit : often times the thought of falling asleep keeps me awake because the lack of control over the whole ... i think i have an infp taste in music , i love emotion in music . beethoven and my bloody valentine are probably my two favorites . edit : of course whenever i think i could be infp i just head over ... chill out for a while , maybe for infinite . yeah probably for infinite . i do find myself attracted to infps , can't say why . for some reason i tend to like xnfps the most . it's 2:40 am and you're engrossed in reading an article about determinism and cosmogony even though you have a very limited mathematical and scientific understanding . at least the fourth offers an excuse to get wasted , not useful for much else :) i feel contempt towards the majority of humans , so blissful in their ignorance . i also hate the fact that i'm probably one of them . i find this sort of music matches the absurdity of the human condition rather well . whateva , i do what i want .  relaxed dnb i've never given anyone authority over me , so i don't think they have to the right to it . that would buy me freedom from ever having to do work , my dream :) . aspects of western civilization the myth of sisyphus by camus the kindly ones by jonathan littell einstein was a lot cooler than pi will ever be . einstein and i both share a hatred of math as well :) . an island castle / fortress surrounded by a japanese garden with weather that suits my mood . yep . thanks for correcting my mistake , i usually feel the same as you when others make similar mistakes . am i the only intp that finds most science boring , except for the big picture and cosmos related hypotheses and theories ? that would still make our current vision of reality false , and if nothing existed that would be metaphysical nihilism , not solipsism , i believe . all i know is you can make money off of them :) there are so many , i wish i could remember more , but here are some snippets and highlights : spiritualized let it flow : here it comes and then it goes and it hits me takes me home i don't ... when you were in high school your gym team mates yelled at you for not trying hard enough and you could have cared less . how do you or i know that they ever existed ? that anything outside of our minds exist ? ( again assuming you exist ) false . how do you know you are not a brain in a vat ( assuming you exist ) ? i love the jesus and mary chain , this song is one of the best : the funny thing is , though , that the jesus and mary chain's sound grew more aggressive ... hehe , well if you accept metaphysical solipsism everything is sort of meaningless , isn't it ? i'm not a metaphysical solipsist though , which is why i'm asking for others opinions , because i'm rather ... i'm interested to see how fellow intps feel about this philosophical position , as it would seem that intps would be more prone to it than others , at least in my opinion . i would say that i am an ... my mother is an esfj and we often have a hard time getting along , we are just on two totally different levels . it also happens that according to celebrity type my two least favorite politicians , ... i think all governments should give out free condoms and contraceptives to help solve the growing problem of overpopulation , anybody who wants to ban contraceptives is not only silly but short ... enfp dad that i usually get along with esfj mom that is pretty much the polar opposite of me , hehe esfp older sister enfp younger sister i'm the only thinker in my family :) heh , i always cheer for the empire in star wars , i find the rebels annoying . i usually don't like pets , they smell , make places dirty , and require my attention . sometimes i like cats , fish , birds , rabbits , lizards and similar animals . i don't know if it makes me a cold ... probably entp , although i can't know for sure . most laws are good ideas , but they are still constructs , and stupid laws shouldn't be followed . trolling comes naturally to me , i love annoying others and pushing buttons . i'm no laissez faire advocate , but i reject collectivism wholeheartedly . '