' yeah , all of there albums are great and so different . i'm alone because that is the way reality was made . is amazing ! everyone should go listen to it anyway you can . even if you don't like the band :P i would have to say mine was lovely molly . i've only had one legitimate relationship and that was for 2 and a half months 3 and a half years ago . this year will have to be different though ! sex is something i haven't done in awhile and probably won't do for awhile . it's something i've only done with people i barely wanted to do it with :/ it's something that seems to mean nothing to me ... in no particular order mine are : coheed and cambria crystal castles incubus tool matt & kim cake and i guess that's it i just watch this movie called spin that i found on netflix last night . it had excellent music in it ! serial experiment lain . just saw cloud atlas last night . i thought it was ok but when i thought back on it i realized it was better then i had thought . anyone else see it ? block after block by matt and kim ... anyone else like the band tool ? i find there music to have healing qualities . anytime anyone drinks they can act different from the last time they got drunk :P but i suppose i usually get waaay more talkitive and i can talk with anyone . i just wish i could flirt with people ... i always feel like i am about to write a long post but then i end up feeling like i have nothing to say when i try to type something up . i like reading what other people have to say more often but ... wow i just realized i will write a response to something and look back at it and think to myself , is that that really how i feel its like i don't even know what i believe until i say it or i just ... well i can't tell for sure what you are but my guess would be that you are one of the 16 mbti types and one of the 9 ennegram types :P seriously though i think you could be infj or infp possibly . i ... well the first 2 times i took the test i was happy because i got infp even though most of the descriptions barely sound anything like me :P the last 2 times i have taken the test i got intp which ... so i decided i should make a post about how i'm always thinking about things i can post on this site but once i get online i never know what to write . it probably has to do with my lack of ambition ... this thread is so much better than the you know your an infp thread ! i can barely relate to anything on that threads but a lot of the things on this thread really resonate with me ! i didnt read what the poll said before voting :P i assumed it asked what i thought was the most likely to be an infp so i clicked on only child lol well i'm glad to know i'm not the only one like this :P i am only good at finding places in a town though . i can easily get lost out in the country . so does anyone else here like to debate things with people close to them and hate being wrong ? :P and is anyone really good at directions but horrible at giving directions . like you know exactly how ... you know your an infp when you want to reply to this thread but you know doing so will only make you more lonely because you know it wont help you have a deep conversation with anyone which is all ... i dont think anyone could dislike cocorosie ! to post a pic or not to post a pic ? :P i would have to say i am searching for meaning :P i try to get along with everyone . even more so with people that seem to dislike me . like there always tends to be random people that become friends with all of my friends and my friends don't think ... i think i could possibly be an enfp but its hard to tell because i rarely leave my house during the week . i have always wanted to know how to talk to random people but i seem to lack the ability to ... haha yes they are both hard to describe and thats why it corresponds with me :P wow i'm practically the exact same way in all the things you listed . i've had so many imaginary conversations its almost as if i've lived multiple lifetimes : crazy : ha it is like writing a ... thanx for the encouragement :) although i have been trying to find a purpose and everytime i feel driven to start something i realize my dreams are way bigger than reality : frustrating : it really is hard to finish things . i have pretty much just been sitting at home for the past 3 years doing practically nothing . i had to make myself come on this site and write something in some ... so i always find myself imagining having conversations with people before i do . like trying to see how the conversation will go before i really have one . i was even imagining posting this before i ... i really don't like that i procrastinate to the point of being obsolete :P i wish i wasn't posting things on this site . i'm much to insecure lol where did the past 3 years go :/ the system is so warped that it would take hundreds of years for any global change to occur unless of course there was some global plague and the survivors rebuilt the world which in turn would most ... how am i supposed to know what type other people are ! ! ! i like whatever type likes me the most :) hmm i could possibly be a six then . true but sometimes its hard for people to find the differences within there own head . like im thinking i might actually be a type 9 or 6 . yeah i know what motivates me at times but then at other times i feel clueless no_id i completly agree with you . my real problem though is identifying what motivates me :/ i found it quite odd to read that right now because i was really feeling i could be a six earlier today and then i started feeling like i could be a nine and just happened to be reading about nines ... i think nines daydreaming would be more for escaping reality so they dont have to deal with it but fours would be more for them to intensify there feelings and build up there ideal image of them self . i think its easy for most people to feel like a 6 at work . after all it is work :P i feel alot like a 6 and 4 at the same time but ive come to the conclusion that im type 4 because everything is so ... ive taken multiple ennegram test off of different sites and ive mostly gotten type 4 . well lately ive been pretty anti social and trying to ignore reality . im pretty shy and get rally anxious when i feel i have nothing . i tend to ramble when i talk but i dont get why anyone wouldnt do ... yeah i do . just couldn't think of anything else at the time and wanted to write something quick . i think i was just trying to prove to myself that i can actually write because i never do and this is ... ok so im pretty sure im type 4 because as a kid i didn't have many friends . i spent alot of time in my head and i always felt different from everyone else and i still do . but i feel like i could be a ... '