' 45016 urh sorry uh . couldn't resist . all of you enfjs , please collectively marry me . when an enfj is interested in you , you will know it . :D enfjs are my favorite for this reason . she seems to have a similar vibe to this girl . i can't tell if she's infp or infj , actually . ( she seems to like lists and talking ideas out loud too much to be a ti user . but . she claims . ) ... 40386 but look at those eyes ... i think dogs are excellent spirit animals . :) ( ah . repost . damn . ) puppy-thesmalldogbreeds.jpg but look at those eyes ... i think dogs are excellent spirit animals . :) infp , what is your spirit animal ? ? ? ( and why ? ) it's almost seems like more people like estjs than enfjs ! i can't say i've ever really connected with one . these are certaintly the most dedicated relationships in my life , but they can be bland ... i really love the enneagram . there are a bunch of great books on it - - if you feel like it's something you want to learn more about , i have to say that is the best way to go . :) both of those , and your description sound quite a bit like me ... isfp sounds like enneagram 9 and infp sounds like enneagram 4 . i'm definitely e9 , though so that makes me confused with this ... i ... hmmm . well . people wear me out , and i usually need a lot of alone time after i've been with them . i vote i . the n / s concrete / abstract thing is hard for me ... i would probably take an abstract ... i think this is really hard to type because its seems like you have a clear idea of who you want to be / how you want us to type you ( that would make me think pi , but ... ) . the strong directive toward ... what happens if i bump my own thread ? i just want friends ... i'll type you back ... let us all love and assist one another in this wonderful process of personal growth ... i'm being hyperbolic but ... i don't know if i am one of you but it's likely so heeeyyy erryboddy . i may be seeing more of you soon . i think i'm kind of feeling the satirical anonimity for the moment . ( ... look at this pretentious college girl ... ) but , i'll head over there if it ever gets to be too much ... which it probably will ... i feel like i just got lots of hugs . thanks everybody . :p i agree . i'd vote some sort of ntj . oh my goodness ... these are great . if you're looking for some help distinguishing between 9 and 6 , you might want to do a youtube search . a bunch of really good videos have come up interesting from ' goconscious ' . there are also some ... hi , everone ! i'm new ... definitely an introvert and most likely a feeler , but i don't know what kind ... i just posted in ' what's my type . ' just sayin ' hi . anyone wanna be friends ? you sound a bit like an isfj to me ... there's a lot of empahsis on the familiar an dthe comofortable , but also an emphasis on the others , fe-style . anything music related , as long as i'm not playing with people who see music as a science . i hate when people play an instrument and learn every scale and every piece of musical theory but they have ... i'm throwing in my vote at isfp - - lots of fi , definitely se ( number 8 , your response to the photo . ) i'd just say , don't listen to the people on this forum who are demeaning to isfp's ... from what arrow said ... have we thought isfp ? piglet seems to be quite controversial ... but i kind of peg him as an infj . entj sounds reasonable ! he would have a more expressive countenance if intp . he's probably a 3 ? not an 8 ? hi , everyone ! i've spent some time with personality theories ( particuarly the enneagram ) but am deeply bewildered as to what my own mbti type / functions might be . i have a couple of things in mind - - ... consider how stressed you are about this as well . sometimes the ' obivious ' thing is the right thing . it's easy to over - analyze . '