' this . though i console myself that i'm usually only like that with the family members that make it a habit to piss me off regularly ( usually younger annoying relatives ... ) so i don't feel too guilty ... co-signed ! yeah , i'm more emotional than most guys but that doesn't mean i'm really that feminine . most of my interests align to more gender neutral or typical male interests than anything . and even ... it depends on you . i didn't feel comfortable talking about my feelings to family so the consular were a nice venting option that i wouldn't of otherwise had . part of it being knowing they weren't as ... with stubborn people , i think you have to be prepared to participate in long-drawn out and possibly hurtful discussions to get them to see your pov . try not to belittle her beliefs , but don't back ... i can only think of one isfj that i've really liked in fiction and she's on a stamp in the signature ( blue hair ; elraine from double arts ) . sadly , i haven't been exposed to many good isfjs ... i think i have two isfj relatives . an aunt and cousin . my aunts more traditional and religious . my cousins more secular and academic ( isfjs can be brainy too ! ) . both are very family-oriented people , ... i mean i didn't really relate to the example . though it's probably more the way it was described , like others mentioned out that explanation might make more sense to n users . :) matter is ... yeah , that description sounds a bit too object-focused and ... cosmos-y . i don't need something physical to spark si . if i was going to attach a more visceral experience to si , i guess it's a rush ... well , with functions we're not always going to 100 % one function or another . we're going to have some ni or si , whatever type we are . now to tell what's you're primary function , just try to think ... i feel like i'm one of those isfjs who share nonchalantly , lol . but there's always been little things or thoughts i keep to myself . things i feel that are too weird or i'm in my denial about ... i feel like i half relate to this thread and half don't . i relate in having a big problem stating my true feeling to people i don't trust or know that well , especially if i think they'll dislike ... losing my mom during my early teens is probably mine . it was pretty sudden and it left me in a bit of shock for a long time ( i ran on autopilot for a couple of months ) . i didn't really get into ... this is a complicated question , lol . maybe it's because i'm a four ? lets just say i've edited this post like five times now because i kept getting too deep with this topic with id talk , the ... 1 . do you like to wear a cap ? sometimes . i never used to wear them before , but i've been using them more lately . 2 . what brands of running shoes / sneakers are your favorite ? ( max 3 ) don't really ... 17 years is a long time . if an isfjs been a friend of yours for that long , i don't think you have much too worry about . i'd expect by then he trusts you and is very comfortable around you . the ... i think confronting her about it was the right thing . maybe it's just me , but i'm not good at forgetting things and pretending a situation's normal . plus i just hate the atmosphere and i wouldn't ... it sounds like you were just defending your mother . i don't know the reasons why they'd think it would be okay to disrespect your mother in front of you for so long ( unless they didn't think it hurt ... it depends on your motivations and what you said . i feel like if i did something really bad i could forgive you for the outburst . i'd feel responsible to an extent and think i deserved some ... well for writing , i usually just start with a generic template and see what direction i can go that'd be interesting / different than what i typically see happen in stories or use a mismatch of ideas ... none . i'm bad at making friends lol . i have a couple of acquaintances ( stretching it a bit i guess one or two could be called friends ) but no one outside of my family i can say i really trust or know ... sea turtle you are a very rare breed indeed . your big heart and gentle free spirit lead you to far-flung and exotic locales . facing adversity at times , you stand strong and brave and persevere . ... elraine from double arts is the most relatable isfj that i've seen in manga / anime . kiri ( other protaganist ) is probably an ixfp , i think . thing is i've told him that and i actually don't meet his girlfriends often , but since we live together sometimes it's entivable . oh yes , family drama is the worst . both my paternal and maternal ... yes , that'd be a big red flag for me too . though sometimes , friends and family will not talk about their bad sides to a potential partner . i'm guilty of it myself since my dad's a serial cheater and ... i'm not sure about the born under a lucky or unlucky star bit . i do think certain people are born luckier due to circumstances and environments , with better opportunities to be potentially happy ; ... lol , you guys are scaring me . i've never been in love , but if si has the tendency to have us compare our first deep love to everything else ... or maybe that's all types ? i get crushes easily , ... letting people down , usually someone i respect or care about . it drives me up the wall . and this ... ugly the cat . - imgur 1 . respected = because you can dislike and respect me and that's totally cool . but if you constantly disrespect me ... i just can't be around you . though maybe i'm confusing the lack of respect as ... i've wrestled with this question this as well and this is pretty much the same roadblock that i stopped at . it bothers me that people can find in me something that they dislike . lol even on the ... i'd like to change people for the better too . maybe not so much an inspiration , but it's part why i considered being a psychologist or social worker . - - - success ... a family is part of that ... 6 , 2 , and 9 ' s seem like the most common . i voted six but recently found myself relating very much ... i heard that it was published through shounen and got bad ratings . ugh , what horrible taste you have shounen jump ! speaking of good cancelled media , i'm trying to remember if anyone from young ... well , first of all i'd be supporting the effort to get that stupid purge removed and put in jail whomsoever's bright idea it was to let there be a day when people can run wild with no consequences ... yes , though in my case my families opinions are probably justified . i really am immature ( ... looks at sig ) and lack life experiences . ; ; ^ ^ my younger cousin's twenty and just got married , so ... i was reading a manga called double arts and the main female character elraine seems like an isfj to me . actually she's pretty much the only isfj in fiction i both liked and could relate to at all . ... well , i don't think you have to be very forthcoming with physical comfort to have a decent fe score . that just might not be how you show affection or that you care ( love language ) . i'm not very ... huh , i just took the kts-ii test right now ( was it this one perhaps : personality test - keirsey temperament website ) and i got isfp lol . but i didn't really like the test very much , the questions ... lol , i find it funny this thread has more comments from other types than isfjs . i don't know any intjs ( well enough at least ) to tell how an experience between us would go . though i rarely really ... i'd have to get to the breaking point to be cruel / really mean . i can be grouchy though , haha . i think i'm grouchy more often than nice , actually ... : unsure : i think we'd be more comfortable taking a task intuitively if we knew the boss better . a new boss , we're not going to know what type of person he / she is and whether taking that approach or not is ... ^ my experience is sort of similar , just reversed . xd i'm the one all hyper anxious about how i come off while my dad really couldn't care less . also doesn't seem to understand my preoccupation with ... yes ! i think it's a si-fe thing here of relating and using the past to approach situations ( si ) as well as comparing yourself to other individuals ( fe ) . it's crippling feeling and i hate it , but ... you are a visionary soul you are a curious person , always in a state of awareness . connected to all things spiritual , you are very in touch with your soul . you are wise and bright : able to reason ... well , the poll was originally for isfjs but i think i got pretty much the most amount of data i could now ( we're not many on here ) . so yeah , feel free to vote and any other types too ! i almost drowned in a water park when i was a kid . was too small to be going down the big rides ( not sure how i got past the security ... ) , lost my tube raft , and came down into a pool that was past ... stay-at-home moms & dads do get some flack from people for not having a paying job and i agree that it isn't as socially acceptable as it once was , but i'm not sure choosing not to have kids has over ... character strength # 1 judgment thinking things through and examining them from all sides are important aspects of who you are . you do not jump to conclusions , and you rely only on solid ... aww , i'm sorry you feel that way . it's sad that society basically indirectly pressures us to have kids as a societal expectation . some people just don't want kids and that's fine ! or alternatively ... i guess that makes sense . does that mean america citizens on average are somewhere in that tiny space between romney and obama ? or is just that american politicians in general are usually a lot more ... i'm a libertarian leftist . taking out image because it's too big . taking a look at the international chart near the bottom of the results page , barack obama is an authoritarian right not so far ... '