my body is acting up at the minute and last night l was feeling incredibly bad , plus l kept on falling asleep every few minutes . i dont know whats wrong with me but i felt like that if l hadnt been ... sobbing uncontrollably trying to relax while my niece is having pre-puberty fits . : rolleyes : cheeky as fuck i am mini and l basically just fall into hugs when the other person is taller . i don't hug much or many people but i love it at the same time because it makes me feel safe somehow . : blushed : oh hell yeah . go and show them what you can do and what you are capable of ! if i could , i would come and cheer you on ! i always think like look at some of the guys who got the job and you will see ... too loud not many people get to see what i'm drawing . oh yeah , i finally slept more than two hours the last two nights and i can tell the difference already . but i also can still feel the sleep deprivation lingering deep in my brain somewhere . it will ... work , tired , relaxation lol hey but at least you know he is ill ! : wink : : rolleyes : crikey , prime example that i should not post anything or answer messages when l am actually half dead from sleep . sorry about the misunderstanding . : blushed : i was nearly asleep when l got a message and then i saw that i got mentioned by fartface . i could listen to music the whole day and there are rock songs on my playlist as well . yep that sure sounds like me as well . it is actually nice to know that there is at least one other person out there with that problem as well . : kitteh : : wink : we are not alone ! i had a best friend from the age of 8 until i was around 11/12 . she broke my heart and believe me , it is an eternity that it all happened . nearly twenty years . and i still get or can get really pissy ... i agree with 100 % about those arseholes who call people pussies when think about suicide or actually did it . it is the whole thing again where people say that kind of absolute bullshit without even ... believe me , the time will fly by even faster when you're getting older . : laughing : maybe you just pulled a muscle . put some heat on it yeah guys can confuse the hell out of mesometimes as well . it can certainly be a proper up and down emotion wise . i have that with my friend sometimes but he is really good at noticing my mood and we ... yeah thats it about you . pure sugar and cotton balls . like i told you before , you're sweet in a friends way . : hugs : man , i dont know if you are studying or having a job but i hope that you become a bagpipe playing fireman ! then you will be my hero . : biggrin : nowadays i would say awake colourful thinking or black and white thinking ? hiking with friends air hockey or table soccer ? well i do care about people and i want to get to know them , and not just the positive happy stuff . i sometimes have more the problem actually that i think i care too much . at least for certain ... yeah ! i like that ! thanks for giving me a peep about it . : wink : do you also have such an outfit ? : biggrin : i was actually on youtube today because i wanted to see if i find any good covers which are ... witch of oreo : nah , you are not abusing it ! you are welcome to them . i hope that i don't get on your nerves but is science not researching your illness more ? i just can't imagine how it must be like ... fartface : wow i honestly had never someone telling me that they want and need more mistakes and criticism . they might think so but wont admit it out of fear that they look idiots . so thumbs up for ... you will get an hug everytime . : hugs : but damn 25 is so young . ... : sad : i really dont know but are you a singer or a musician ? and why couldnt you give a fuck what happens ? getting a tan i fought it all for a while but i went out of style again i don't read the magazines and i can't keep up with the trends the red on my nails keeps chipping off the pink on my lips just adds to ... creepy tired tired tired thanks for the mention of me and the round table invite . : tongue : according to all your answers ... you seem to be a fairly stable person with a good level of energy , who communicates well with others . you have an inner life and you also appreciate the world around ... wooden pencils would you rather eat cold potatoes or cold pasta ? i feel so tired that i don't think one good night sleep will help me to feel better again . plus my mind is spinning around when l lay in bed that it is hard to sleep . in the last three nights l had ... asian cereals or toast for breakfast ? i so knew you were going to say that . you like someone l would get on with . that was my first thought seeing your picture . i don't mean this in a creep way but there are some funny and sweet young guys here at perc . : laughing : i can't relate to this but i wanted to send you this : : hugs : it makes me sad to hear about your story . : sad : : hugs : blackmailed into butterfly catching ( i've got a proper fear of bee's ) skiing or sleighing ? i like that picture . the first thing that i thought was : yep , he looks like he is cheeky as hell . : laughing : but in a good way . somehow fits to the whole conversation you had with shade and baf ... oh yeah . there is a magnetic pull that i have towards my friend . i can't explain it but it is like i am addicted to him . i hope that i don't come over as a freak now or so but there is a strong ... oops we posted at the same time , i'm sorry . : blushed : yeah man ! ! ! i love that ! how cool is that . have you ever seen something like that live or just on youtube ? such things always give me goosebumps . i love it ! ! ! and the bagpipes and drums fit together ... yes it says write first words : wink : i always have to read the thread title as well to remember it . : tongue : well at least you can hoover now . : wink : this made me literally go awww when i read it . : hugs : why is it that i can't meet people like you in real for once ? i wish that more people would try to find something good in this world . and if it ...