' interesting , hmm . i like the process of sketching ; sketching is my favorite thing to do . muscle and gesture are aesthetically pleasing to me . in figure drawing , ne's my champion . overthinking from ... enhanced sex life included ... suffocation by genitals discouraged , however . and , congrats on the tot ! may she grow strong in mind and kind in heart and love dinosaurs . under two conditions , i will agree . 1 . fix your grammar . 2 . i need to know whether you're a child , a teen , a young adult , middle-aged , or old . from there , i can assess how to behave with you . did you draw that parrot or did someone draw it for you ? to kill for sport what's my wiring like ? i could eat your tongue . blood still tastes like iron , unless ... the dread when there's a typo in a post . :( i fixed it ! intp should have been intj , in regards to the content of the intj invasion . alas , i'm married to myself , although it is tempting to skip for sport . but still cook for me ? ;D i know a couple enfjs . one is my mother , and so is my friend . my mom is a professor , but she's retired now . when out , she can be found at the theater , at a book club , at an art center , or at ... i assume you want comfort , then , and not advice , so i'll give you comfort . * pap pap * there , there ; it's going to be ok . and advice ( in question form ) . why do you consider her a friend ? what ... lmao i just started reading it . it turned into such a shit fest ... so as nietzsche quotes ... entp : one must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star . intj : and ... you got me at the rice . cook me a meal . :D why not ascend a thousand leagues under the sea and allow pressure to crush you ? or mutilate your flesh prison by replacing your brain with a uterus . then you'll get a shark brain . wouldn't ... control your boredom better , feeble human ! i go on hiatuses often ... and i come back to a trashed parrot . i've always been 100 % confident in my intp typing , despite taking tests and mistyping as infp , entp , istj , and entj . i initially thought solas to be an intp , but after trespasser i've decided he's an intj . i'm going to compare his ideology with another intp that you guys may be unfamiliar with , as she's a ... 499770 fe-dominate ni-auxiliary se-tertiary ti-inferior can explain if it's asked of me , but judy's definitely an enfj . types i speculate , but would have to look at more carefully ( i . e . re-watch ) ... lmao i haven't even started dating . : skunk : i'm not confident in how ne operates in an isfj's stack ( although i will address it at the end ) , but here's what i have to offer on exercising ne ( and ... tangents ? maybe ? ): ne is an extraverted ... * i was going to make an edit to my other post , but i feel like that'd make it too long , so i'm adding my addition to a new post . * like i said , i relate to no character , because there have been ... i haven't related to any fictional character as of now , although i do see some loop and grip in ulquiorra schiffer , and i could have related to him during my teen years . 1 . if there is such a ... i was being a dick towards my intj buddy on valentine's . she and her enfp-ex are underdeveloped , main issues on the enfp's side as i see it now . intj's opened up , while enfp continued to blow off ... i don't mind women calling me hon , love , sweetie , or duckie , as my english mum endears me . it does irk me if men sling those words that way ; they're no longer endearing when men use them ... it certainly doesn't . i'm bringing this back ' cause i'm questioning kylo ren's type . one thing that steers my away from isfj ! kylo and towards infp ! kylo is the degree of his playfulness . kylo ren loves games . kylo ren ... i had a thought . if rey ends up being an infp instead of an isfp , and kylo ren is an infp , that would make an interesting dynamic . infp vs . infp , and i am all for that . personally , if i am confessing , it's never i like you , or i love you . i'll have thought about how i want to express myself way before i dare to express myself ... this is in part due to ... i think it's more obvious he's an enfp . he bleeds his ne all over the place , constant improvising and possibility vision . second to his ne is that fi , and it's due to the fi that finn cannot ... since i added my thoughts about rey , i want to add my thoughts about ren . i support isfj kylo ren or a looping infp kylo ren . it really depends on the future installments , as with rey ... this isn't going to answer you directly , but i was going to post about rey's typing and thought i may as well do it in a reply to you . so here it is : rey is fi dominant ( isfp : fi-se-ni-te ) , not ... ha ha , i've done this with female istps before ( annie leonhardt being an example ) because intp females lack screen time , and i so desperately want to see one on screen , one that is a well-developed ... i'm too shy to say anything over mic ( i'm squeaky and would be like that fluffed up kitten spitting fury ) D: also i'm usually in a party chat already . it depends on the trolling . if it's ... my istp sister certainly doesn't fit the mold ; she's a very outgoing and social istp . compartmentalizes everything , just about . i can never have debates with her though because she says my ideas ... i don't know what's been said ( not going through eleven pages right now ) , so if i'm repeating what someone else has said , forgive me . isis needs to be destroyed . they're messing everything up . ... make a math equation out of this . general questions : what type is easiest for you to type ? what type is hardest for you to type ? easiest for me is everything but istp and isfp . hardest for me is istp and isfp . talking about who's on the receptive end , rather than the enforcing end : wouldn't justice be empowering and vengeance be disempowering ? we're to assume , if it's another kid to save humanity ( and ... are you absolutely sure ? i relate to this . unless i'm gaming . ex . last night this guy ran past me , killed the surrounding enemies , then ran away to kill more enemies instead of reviving me . well , i picked up my bunched ... i did ! i was going to go to the midnight release with an infj and others , but i ended up finishing a couple of papers due the next day instead . : angry : btw if anyone has a ps4 and wants to be my ... interestingly enough , eren's initial motivation to slay titans is a form of justice that twists into vengeance . in the beginning , eren wanted to free humans from the walls ' confines , because ... ah , yes . villains that believe they are the heroes are the most believable villains . maybe , just maybe , you'll finally meet a person that really cares . but they don't . it was just niceties . also trust . if you say , i trust you with this most secret information , and i learn ... i have my fallout 4 pre-order , to be played once i'm 100 % sync on syndicate ( unless i decide otherwise ) . are any of you of the vengeful sort ? very general question , no specifics . if there's something anyone wants to specify for themselves , feel free . talking about vengeance in general is cool . ... the impulses i give into is going places , such as the movie theater or the aquarium , the fair or a walking garden ... etc . it doesn't happen often , but here's how it is when it does happen : one ... for me , i wouldn't say listening to music is procrastinating . it actually helps evoke emotion , which helps me figure out what i'm feeling , and then i can pinpoint why i feel the way i do . i've ... i forgot about this post , but all of the replies made me giggle . yes , the next time i am sent filth , i will enlighten my entj slave . oh , it goes both ways . usually i just stop talking ... and then the entj stops talking ... and a month later the entj texts me something sexual . that's our usual pattern . : carrot : '