' aaaan ... i got the perfect solution stronger than coffee and energy drinks , weaker than drugs , healthier than both combined . you are feeling the same as me , pm to me and i will share . stay ... mdma not so much , cause it's more love , sex , american express stuff , instead of hard focus ( although it's based on amphetamine . ) cocaine yeah , the overlord drug , definitely . at least , that's ... guys , my revelation . 2 hours ago i had a strong state of depression , really . then i decided to buy something to drink , and i saw two funkin litres of energy drink . and since i was sad , ... - producer - dj - promoter - sound engineer - a & r scout - music reviewer - graphic designer - label co-owner i do it all , cause i love doing it all . i really love the idea , combining music ... what do you mean to live as a slave to this ? there is no such a thing as freedom , the only people who are free , are dead people . being free , just to be free ? you always have to make compromises in ... that's why infjs . i would say even more , i am better at manipulation than them , because they were doing it intentionally ( good intentions , bad actions ) and i've learned to do it intentionally and ... it's just easier , sometimes when i am trying be me and am firing with complex theories and vision , people are threatened , because i can see most of them don't understand them , and instead of asking , ... i think to some extent hitler was misunderstood , and i've studied hitler and gestapo for almost six years . i will avoid the whole controversy with jews and concentration camps , because that's another ... that's why i am pretending a 14 year old child , and am using vulgar words like asslicker , dutydutyslaves :D also look at the kid on my avatar . isn't this fucker cool ? :D k , never mind you won't understand . yes , i am bad and they were good . imagine living in fear for 20 years , being uncertain of every thing you will do , because you do not know if that is right or ... yeah , they are my parents . luckily i don't live with them anymore , because sometimes i really wanted them dead ( i'm not joking ) . luckily everything went to normal after i've moved out . talking to ... is that so ? yet you've decided to ask me about my age , so somewhat i got your attention , my dear friend . if such simple and unnecessary things like funny , vulgar words are bothering you and this ... no , jester prince . or maybe yeah , i am . it's just an opinion , my point of view ( pov - i'm sure u know it from porn ) which is subjective and has nothing to do with overall character description of ... oh god i really don't want to start my point of view on isfjs again :D let's just say , you are a bit annoying for me ... fuckin fakers , ass-lickers , dutyduty slaves . welcome to my club man . i am always struggling between entp , entj or intp ( never intj ) and yep , here's my cognitive quiz results : based on your cognitive functions , your type is most likely : ... clan malkavian guess what ... 30 but yeah ... it's merely a test . i would love to meet her ! my kind of girl :D thank you very much for your response infjs , i think i am starting to understand , but still i would like to know more , and that's why i will tell you ... would you ? ];> hello infjs ! i have a quick question : are you mean ? or maybe different question : what will happen when somebody will piss you off ? i don't wanna know about your faults , oh no . i want to ... 1 . sadness + anger 2 . ugh those drones . 3 . overdistorted guitars . 4 . actually the mix sucks cause you can't hear the percussion properly , the equalisation is not that perfect , but hell i like ... first what came to my mind is that you are singing . well , i dunno for sure if that's connected but entps have problems with expressing / understanding their emotions and music is all about emotions ... hello sexy people . straight to business , i ain't gonna ask you what's you favo music , instead i am posting an axis : axis ( imgur , cause u can enlarge it nicely ) my theory is that most entps will ... i think the guy is just narcissistic and he felt offended and rejected when you could not make it when he wanted to meet up , it's like ' somebody is more important for her than me ? ! ' then he ... jung and freud were into this shit as well . it's basically suppressed desires , emotions , fears . also most of the dreams are based on the stereotypes ( red woman = false woman , mirror = soul etc . ) and ... compensatory narcissistic personality disorder it's my everyday struggle , and yesterday i had the same problem . i wanted to do important stuff for me and i knew what should be done , but i simply couldn't do it so i went for a cig and here's ... oh man : ( bla bla bla ) me : i think you should go the gym and do some excercise ( this was meant to be a tease ) she : oh right so now you think that everybody should have a perfect body that the ... sometimes i fuck with them ... sometimes i fuck with their minds ... but objectively . poor girls that wants to prove to themselves that they are attractive and valuable and most of them know ... here i come . music production is my career . why ? well because nowadays it involves : - physics - sound design - music theory - playing instruments wrong ! ketamine is the perfect entp drug . and i am not talking bout this silly small doses taken by partygoers . i am talking about k-hole guys , oh yes . k-hole makes other drugs shit , k-hole boosts ... yes ! ! that's beautiful . i would add that most entp will be looking for a caring one . we are children at heart ( deal with it ) so mommy , daddy who is not limiting our vision would be perfect . i ... she offended me in a challenging way . it's like : you can't do it . what do you mean i cannot do it . and i know that being blonde has nothing to do with intelligence , that's what i was trying ... okay , so my enfp friend ( who really has amazing insight ) told me that i like stupid , but beautiful girls as my partner . and that she has a theory that intelligent guys are more willing to choose ... u guys are talkin bout sex and stuff . now that's my kinky stuff that turns me on ( i'm serious ): especially that it's called funk . hell yeah ! ... piano hammond organs guitar synthesiser cdjs ableton bitwig renoise what do you need man ? i mean : - what equip ? - what software ? - turntables or cdjs ? or traktor / serato or ableton or bitwig ? - you mean podcasts or live sets or live acts ? - you want to ... well i am a little bit naive , when goes to human interaction , i mean i sometimes cannot read people's intentions and that's why i am reserved . of course i am working on that and they cannot see my ... yeah i feel you . i have exactly same shit . i think the question is different . anybody hurt you in the past ? if so , are you comfortable to write about it ? if not , we will move on and focus on ... don't be angry . humiliate them - that's the biggest pain for them . however i am angry very often . small objects or when something is not working as planned , now that's the stuff that really ... i gues it's not . nah , actually i don't . well know i understand that i really like it and need this kind of person , it was just pissing me of that other ppl were bitchin about my tyrant ... yeah , i think that's enough :D summary : - i am immature but i like it - i treat people like shit because of my past - i am a sociopath yeah , i think you are right but i love being that ... most entps are ectomorphs because of our thyroid being too active . we have bursts of energy rather than its constant flow and we are burning it really fast . i don't see it as immature , but if it is well thats ok . i won't bullshit you that i will change that , cause i won't . it will be interesting how our responses will develop and we will react on ... whoops , double you have to give me your definition of being immature to further discuss this issue with me , because it can be different for me and i don't want to start something before knowing your definition . ... damn , now i feel like some dark character . i don't know if i wrote some wrong or it is really not a problem for me . i don't recognise my girls as my stuff , like you know saudi arabia feel ... whew , what i've just read is : don't be sucha whiny ass and chill the fuck out cause you re going paranoid . yeah , i think thats the case . actually i am really scared of having children right now , ... thank you for your replies , thank you , thank you . this philophobia issue is interesting , especially that my name is phil - yeah ! about this kissing stuff . am i afraid because i dont know how to ... '