'     discovered something weird . things move . society evolves in cycles , from using resources abundently , to looking for a balance adding consciousness , modesty , spirituality helping awareness ( and the ... well , maybe the questions were not obvious so i get it . but not paying attention when talking about people , groups , human psychology ( of the individual ) , it makes me think of that quote from bee ... there is one more thing . some intj on youtube posted something on feminism , and he actually got that far to claim women and men are different species only because of the difference in the genes ... and what do you think about rats being holy in india . i've recently seen a video on youtube , and ... i thought an attempt to tame them ... would make them less vigilant . so , they are not quite ... ok , i have a question . could it be a mind bias from a young age that boys must ! be everything other than ( having the attributes of ) a girl ? and could it be that certain individuals that are very ... i lo lo lo lo-ve you .   [ ... ] and then i say , compared to what ?  oh , oh , oh ! ! ! : d remembered this , brightened my day ! ! ! : - ) my inner child had a garden which looked awful . it had a load of trash in a big pile . that turned into smaller packages , but still they were in the way . the garden looked like a labyrinth , because ... namaste pretty infps  there is no . way back . . com / infp-forum-idealists / 118-what-you-listening-right-now-2552.html #post30146106 ps : grooming is for the nice [ ... ] please don't get the wrong idea about me ... words by erick colored !  help this chemical world makea little more sence ... [ ... ] more boys in the band down < down < down . down . and i am am wandering round . ready for love ourage man ! ! ! do ( want ) a hint : signrd : lost child , ex infp there ! ! are nooo bad guys in this universe . : - ) my mother bought me a spray for thermopan windows , because they don't close ... and it's a lipophillic substance , as i observed . why did i o observed ? because , i wanted to give my ego personality a ... [ ... ] aaahhh ... let's talk a language that we do understand : with love , for infps hei , i did not find answers just looking at one video . but found something about ( trying for a solution to my need for ) perfection , on youtube it's a video happiness for enneagram type 1 . well ... and by the way , i am busy , so i am not active on the forum , but i like you very much infps because you are to me innocent and sweet , and clumsy at times , but you are so cute . your willingness to ... hello everybody , i wanted to tell you , about something i recently found out . i am currently trying to understand what iiiss the tertiary function . you probably don't remember i was repeating , ...   interesting , thought i could share . i am curious about a word , and i want to ask you for some insight while i will do some research : how much detailed must this question be ( so i can re-post and get a valuable answer ): what does ... i think feelings are not real they are , or come from your personal ! agreement for your mind to allow the visceral and smooth muscles of the body contract in a fight response ( behave truly ) and ... nvm . ( not important for others ) . headache i am leaving things unsaid ... and i know , i will be such a waste , maybe . but i didn't understand where did you read fear in what i wrote . sorry , headache . nvm . ...    i might say i'm envious on others who sing their happiness . what i wanted to avoid is to become a yes girl about whether to do things to succeed . i noticed this in someone , and i kinda appreciated the vehemence when he immediately agreed to some ... when i was a kid i was very curious about the dead girl in the movie series twin peaks , and i was always looking to see the picture of her in the intro of every episode with her face covered with a ... '