a similar thing happened with my friend . despite me spending huge bouts of my energy and time , helping her seemingly get out of her abusive husband , she went back and conceived a child with him . i ... i personally always scored between infp and infj , now i started believing more in infj since i use fe rather than fi . with regards to speaking with ppl , it depends on which situation . on a sudden ... bored , cold , jailed midnight in paris . get ready to get adopted . i went through a burn out bordering depression from may until few weeks ago . so i know wht its like . and hey , in this adoption , you will get many varieties of cereals too ! somehw reminds me of sushi with caviar sticking inappropriately on the sides oh my ! thts cute .. but not a tiny bit fear-inducing . i should've guessed ur species carries a name with a bunch of vowels thrown in . instagram the dry yellow petals now lie in a plastic cover . wat do u mean by ~ already i see u are one fuzzy black thing , i wonder hw u wud lift tht huge trout .. i will adopt u ! i will adopt u ! so many things u said here are true abt me . honestly . i read _ little bee by chris cleave , totally loved it ! dark , satirical , dynamic and moving totally brilliant , am definitely applying this :) i hv soft curls . love them , dont want to straighten or anything . where are u my snuggly couch : mellow : no way not an infp . i feel sorry for spongebob getting whacked . so damaging someone elses property s totally out of question . here it goes : i usually had one or two friends . where i live , i hv jus one friend . i usually meet her once a week , either we go out eating or stay in the apartment , cook and watch a movie . i cant ... i would say i have a certain cinderalla in me who ' should ' get back home before either of these factors or their combination starts to turn me into a miserable wreck 1 ) the gibberish-talking ratio ... but then you are an extrovert urself . this thread discusses ' introverts dealing with bossy extroverts ' . what is totally difficult to deal with is an estj i know . sometimes the person switches to f . its confusing . if the person gets a hint that one is willing to do what the person says : thats it ! expect ... the endless bossiness that makes an introverts mind go blank and make him or her feel worthless and want to disaapear . how do u deal with bossy extroverts i am reading mr . rosenblum's list : or friendly guidance for the aspiring englishman by natasha solomons . its sarcastic and funny . i heard that there is also going to be a movie of this book soon . ... i always wanted to get my hand on this one . most probably will fish out in amazon soon :) to putforth some new ideas , new ways of doing things . ( could be related to my science research or more probably doing something in a more creative field like art / design ) i cried at the airport after saying bye bye to my parents :( i know , very childish , but thats me ! quirky . cuddly . listening to the radio . all time hits ! silent cafes libraries parks in front of the computer you feel so sorry for animals and become a vegetarian . now you feel so sorry for leaves , twigs , roots and what not ! lets talk non-stop or lets have an awesome potluck party how true this ! most people i am compatible atleast have more than 2 letter similarity . i wonder how it will be to have someone estj in life . though i guess the most annoying ex i ever had was this ... ah ! i know what you mean . i do have some people in my life , which have a great ability to make me feel dumb after talking with them . sort of blacked out . i know deep isnide i can go on with the ... my husband is intj ( didnt know it until 2 months ago ) and one of my friend is esfp and seems to understand me in a different level . i guess my sister is also an ' sf ' , but not yet sure ! my dad i ... i can relate to what you are saying . i had to shun art and focus on my ' science ' studies / research etc . , i didnt go that side for 3 years . i simply couldnt flex one muscle to life a paint brush . then ... i am starting to believe in all these personality things now ! how similar to what i do ! :p roud : coz , i also usually hav many unfinished works ( painting ) , but then the once i do finish happen when i ... just curious to know what is the personality type of people close to you . the ones who understand you and you enjoy spending time with : could be someone in your family , your friend , your spouse , your ... [ quote =d arkestar ; 255771 ] i would be found at : outdoors ... on a trail ... walking and enjoying the sunshine i also love to be outdoors with a lot of nature and less people . : happy : typically things from a forest : rocks , moss , dried leaves , twigs , fallen tree bark . i love to bring those things home . it is like bringing the awesome feeling of a forest or nature into the house ... i fell in love with its bookcover ! surely an infp subject : happy : i would also like to read that soon . i am interested in reading some books about what happened in concentration camps . btw you may also like this movie on those lines - ' comedian harmonists ' . i thought i was the decisive type , that knew what i wanted in life and which direction i should heed to . but it turns out that for the last 2 years i have been utterly indecisive about career ... i agree . so is the picture of dorian gray ( by oscar wilde ) i second many of what you say here . my husband is intj . me infp . i got to know our personalities only until recently . like an intj my husband is downright logical and judgi : happy : ng which is what i ... thanks a good idea . its almost like someone gifted a new experience . double-like . only an nature loving infp can appreciate the true worth of some dried leaves , twigs or some weeds . ( sighing ) aww love the list ! i like to give spices as gifts to people :p roud : i was also always embarassed about getting a gift . giving was something i liked , though i always said ' please open it when you are home ' . :d ry : i can lift both the eyebrows alternatively , very fast . :p roud : also learnt 2 other such useless skills when i was in school . forgot them ( which should say how useless they were to life ) : confused :