' an earpiece that can detect your emotions and the things going on around you , taking into consideration both internal and external factors to choose and play the perfect theme song for any given time ... haha ! it wasn't actually supposed to be funny , but whatever . i'm glad my accidental humor made you laugh ! xd here are my levels of love , in my opinion . every person i know falls on one of these levels . 1 . you annoy me . there's very little love here , but if you came to me and apologized for being an ... i perceive stubbornness as a lack of open-mindedness , shutting down others ' ideas in an irrational favor of your own . sticking to your convictions is good , yes , but only to a certain point , and only ... really ? how interesting . i think those must be the kinds of people who don't like to draw attention to themselves . i certainly enjoy it . haha ! i've done this before . i think that this happens when we can understand what you're going through , and easily empathize . it's like , when we don't really understand why you're upset , we just ... i'm very good at mathematics , but i totally hate it . there's something about the whole one right answer and one procedure to achieve it that kills me a bit inside . i'm currently double majoring in ... he really likes dark , fantastical , dystopian fiction , books that with the proper imagination and willingness to explore possibilities , can seem realistically possible , and wants to know if that type ... it depends . i don't like things that involve pain or self-injury , but everything else is awesome to me . i love extreme sports , watching weird , disturbing tv , wearing unusual and potentially offensive ... haha ! yes . i don't understand women , and i am a woman myself . you just can't win ! generally , i apologize on a daily basis because i understand that i do stupid stuff and don't think very much , and then it accidentally hurts other people . my apologies are weird though , because ... 1 . what is your ' general state of mind ' in following situations as an ne-dom , : a . working on a problem / issue if it's a problem i've seen before , my subconscious takes over ( like muscle memory ) ... dude , raccoons are cool . i'd be a raccoon any day . i like to learn about superstitions . i think it's fascinating to learn about all the crazy things that people think will help them be successful or some shit . i don't believe in them , but i think ... it's generally very easy for me to walk away . one problem i have , however , is the fact that i have so much trouble telling people why i don't want to talk to them / be in a relationship with them that ... i agree ! it's hard for me to not like someone . like , someone will say , oh , i hate her ! and it never even crosses my mind to hate that person . it's just not an emotion that comes easily to me . dude , you talk in circles . all your posts basically contradict everything you said before . you are nonsensical , and i'm done trying to understand you . goodbye , and good luck in the rest of your ... oh , that must have been irritating ! sorry if i gave anything away . right now ... i'm interested in the ukulele , origami , making things out of other things ( the other day i made a handbag out of hotel key cards ) , and graduating college . neutral good . i can see that . developed fe , i suppose ... i got 15 , and noticed the gorilla only because i read about tests exactly like this before . the invisible gorilla ( read the invisible gorilla and other ways our intuitions decieve us ) was the exact ... by it doesn't mean anything , i think you really mean that it doesn't affect you in any way . if everyone went through life just thinking , what's in it for me ? then life would totally , completely ... we'd be a fucked up slinky though , because as evolution progresses , we would be becoming more and more lifeless and dead . unless ... what if what we , humans , think is lifeless , is actually a ... the honor has been mine , my friend . explain this to me . how is my reaction , by calmly explaining my answer to you , is even remotely the same as my grandmother ? she has no idea why she likes one thing and hates the other , yet she ... boy wonder : i've read a few of your threads , and can i just say that you seem like a fucking excellent person ? you're like the epitome of entpness . it's awesome . secondly , this sounds awesome , ... i had to quote this because i couldn't remember it all at once . so basically , what you're saying is that all life forms are just a working part of the universe , like blood cells and hair follicles ? ... i understand that some of you may be upset with entejay , but be has just as much right to be here as everyone else does , so i suggest we treat him with appropriate respect . however ... entejay , ... this was merely an example , a small excerpt from my grandmother's life that i thought accurately portrayed her unwillingness to learn and be open to new ideas . this exact scenario didn't upset me ... i totally agree . closed minded people annoy me to no end because they don't want to learn things . my grandmother , an esfj , annoys the crap out of me because she refuses to agree with anyone or ... haha ! it's totally cool , i make up words all the time too . :) i seem to never really get pissed off by people . they just don't annoy me because i kind of see the world as a source of amusement . are you easily upset by people ? what makes you upset ? first of all , this conversation is awesome . my intj friends and i have insane conversations quite frequently , and they're always epic . secondly ... conversating ? what ? ... do you mean ... my ideal relationship would be with someone who was a t , but had a very highly developed f side . someone who would solve problems and think rationally most of the time , but also not be adverse to a ... yes , very , very low sensing function , gyx_kid . is that the problem ? because i always have a terrible grasp of what's going on around me , be it in a restaurant , at the park , everywhere . i actually run ... none ! bring on the stereotypes ! ! ! honestly , i don't really care if people think i lack morals , or don't take things seriously , or are unfaithful . it just proves that they haven't gotten close ... i have trouble with one-on-one interaction unless we're doing something together , like working on a project . otherwise , it's totally draining . too many awkward silences , pauses , boring conversation ... hi ! so i was wondering if this is just my problem , or if it is a trait that all entps share ... i can't remember directions . at all . i have no idea how to get from my house to the grocery store ... from my experience , most entps have one sense that they can use to its full capacity , almost extraordinarily , and all the other senses are extremely lacking . for instance , i can remember almost ... i'm not sure what you mean by apply him / her self so i'm going to go down a few paths . i'm going to use a male example , just because him / her takes a long time to write . :) one could be the entp ... i don't know if i did that correctly , i'm a bit new . it's supposed to be prayer of the refugee by rise ... as a disclaimer , i flirt with pretty much everyone , without even really knowing i do it . being playful and slightly risqué has always been my style . when i really like someone , basically all the ... i love intjs . my so and three of my best friends are intjs ( two female and one male ) and i love them all to death . here's why : 1 . they are on the same emotional and mental level as i am . they ... ne for me also manifests itself when i'm creating things . i like to make clothing , so i'll start sewing a skirt , then my brain will go like this : skirt is grey . silver is like grey . silver is ... badgers ohh ! okay . i get it now . cool ! hi ! so i was wondering if there's any consistency in the way we learn ( whether we learn better auditorily , visually , or kinesthetically ) as a group . i for one learn best auditorily , with visual ... quality , definitely . i like to spend time with my so , but if you're together all the time , things just get monotonous and too comfortable . if you're together twice a week , doing sick things like rock ... here's how it would go down : 1 . we'd all be fashionably late , arriving at least 15 minutes after the entp convention has started . we would frantically introduce ourselves to other people , ... haha ! thank you . your name is wonderful too . and also quite befuddling ... do you just really love badgers , or ... ? also , to the person above me , 9/10 . because your avatar is fucking conundrumically ... i freaking love you guys . you're brilliant , hilarious , rational , able to keep up with my bizarre train of thought , and when you get close enough , very loyal and caring . the only downside i've ... '