' oh my god , all those numbers . this is exactly what is wrong with the state of education today . it's designed to be as elitist as possible and only ' the best ' may pass graded on an arbitrary scale for ... i don't believe in self-development , i see it as a way to understand myself ( and others ) . no more . we largely have to play with the hand that life has dealt us . i wish it were different , but it ain't . enfp lesbians , huh ? i know you said at worst but this is just not the case , no self respecting company would ever have one miscalculation made my one engineer result in the failing of a part ( or entirety ) of a system ... the correlation between taking a test and real world pressure are pretty much nill . dropped out of high school , because i'm not part of the system ! formal schooling has more holes in it than communism . traveling is stupid , a tree over here is a tree over in miami . i really don't give a rats ass . the concept of exams is flawed anyway , the only reason the system would have you learn so much content in such little time , is to break you down and rebuild your soul up from the ground up . ready to ... yeah a letter seems good , something along the lines of teach , even though you likely couldn't hack it in the real world , you didn't let that bring you down and tried your best to teach our ass . haha tell me about it , on that khanacadamy i saw some guy scribble stuff in paint it looked absolutely ridiculous . free or not , that's just terrible . i generally do not like general sites like that that ... no , he couldn't just go on okcupid and start chatting with women . women on okcupid get dozens and dozens of messages every single day . dozens and dozens . every . single . day . absolutely it needs to ... it's just enneagram type 5 fears of facing the world . i'll hide as much as i belly well please ! if it ever gets its act straight--great , i'm here for it . if it doesn't , keep walkin ' , rest of the ... i don't see it that way , if a process isn't efficient then i don't want anything to do with it , as i naturally dislike expelling energy . plus i am not even convinced i even want a relationship that ... i feel for op , though this kind of thread is obviously done to death and has very little chance of success , because it's the world . wide . web ! but there are not very many better ways of meeting ... i can't do things on my own that would ever live up to my expecations , so i need to work together with other people . for me then the work place seems like a natural environment to do it and i don't ... at least it's only fair you guys have to pay for it , over here in belgium i think you pay about 950 € for an entire years tuition . and while it sounds great , it isn't . taxes for the working man are ... and what would i do with endless trunks of money ? buy a big mansion and a fancy car ? who cares ... as long as i have enough to live , with some creature comforts , then i'm happy on the money front . that part about being taught mathematics in engineering courses because they ' help you think to solve problems ' is the biggest lie ever , it's because colleges and universities don't have a clue on ... i understand what you're saying , but i think the underlying math is for the enthusiast . not somethat that every student in just about every single mechanical engineering course on the face of the ... implementation techniques are based on industrially accepted best practices . with tangible evidence for their efficiency and use in industry , what an engineer really has the time and sees the point ... if you wanna torture yourself sitting through half-arsed classes taught by half-arsed teachers , that ain't seen schnitz . then ... by all means . i happened to come across an mit lecture the other day and it was a course on multi-body dynamics . out of curiosity i looked at bits and pieces of the first lecture and it was sooo terrible it made ... absolute hogwash about the maths , the pedestal that mathematics is being placed on in modern eduction is beyond retarded . the reality of it all is that maths was the high-level language of ... 1 . united states of america 2 . germany i have no others . i would not research something about a war that took place 500 years ago , perhaps a quick glance on a few websites or watch a documentary on it but beyond that i wouldn't go any deeper . like you ... i wouldn't worry . selfishness indirectly breeds selfless acts . the biggest scam in this world is openly outspoken ' selfless ' people and organizations . they manipulate , control and direct other people ... my best ( albeit only ) friend is an isfj . and so is a good female friend i chat with often online . so no , i can't say i dislike isfjs at all ! esfjs on the other hand ... completely piss me off ! i ... sorry for the bump but this is an interesting topic and i see no need to start a new thread just to add my 2 cents . i dropped out of high school and i'm sure that's contrary to most intjs . but i ... i think that's a big part of it , intuitives will tend to connect dots that sensors just don't concern themselves with . but also most people might not care so much because their job is not a defining ... i am almost always strong-willed in what i believe in , i dropped out of school and i got in at least one heavy argument with a major employer because i didn't believe in their sub-par work processes ... does creating the fawlty towers hotel inside of counter-strike , count as art ? 8852188520 '