' scientists discover there are 27 different emotions - nz herald the 27 emotions humans feel admiration adoration aesthetic appreciation amusement anxiety awe awkwardness first let me say i love the hunchback of notre dame . i'm listening to the soundtrack right now , which is what gave me the idea for this thread . i'm wondering if hunchback was really a good idea ... i am a true believer that every type equally has it's pluses and minuses and is just as good as any other type . but i don't get along equally well with every type . istj is the hardest type for me . ... i did say some sp's . i suppose i was thinking the extroverted sorts , but didn't want to get pinned down too much . thanks for helping explain in greater depth . i actually do have an esfp friend , ... i say i am liked because my co-workers stop by my office to say hi , say flattering things about me at meetings , include me in office gossip , etc . at my volunteer job , the others chit chat with me , ... i don't talk with sensors . i let them talk and i just listen . i don't know how they can prattle on about such mundane stuff . and they never seem to pause and ask me what i think . but i try to be a ... well , there is good news and bad news . where would you like me to start first ? let's start with the overall general statement . human beings act best when things are at their worst . remember ... i'm not a photographer , but i apppreciate photographic art . in fact , just last thursday , i was at the getty museum looking at some great photographic art . a photograph is just any old click . ... this is a thinkers movie . kafka wrote a lot of odd stories . he had a miserable life , where he felt terribly alienate . he worked in an office where he felt he felt lost in the automation--you will ... interesting that you say this , and confusing to me . maybe you can explain and help me . i agree that i am well liked at work , and i really do mean well liked . and i am well liked at church and my ... i personally like infp's very much . i respect their spiritual journeys . and i like how they are so comfortable in their own shoes . and most of all , i really , really like how overtly romantic they ... hi . i'm infj . one of the things i've noticed that seems to come up frequently on our forum is animated movies or their songs . i find it surprising that adults would still be so attached to what is ... i love internet forums . i love exploring different topics from religion to science to politics to philosophy , being able to harvest all sorts of different ideas from people for me to turn over in ... if a chair is empty , and there is no backpack or books on the immediate reading space , it is reasonable for a person to assume the seat is not taken . when i leave my chair in the library to go look ... i'm kind of odd , because what i think in my head is different than what i intuit . head : how do you know you aren't imagining all this spiritual stuff ? maybe there's no god and all this stuff is ... i think you were mean not to tell her . you knew he was coming back , and you set her up to be embarrassed . if you had been her , you would have wanted to be told , therefore you should have told . ... i'm wondering what you guys really think of us infj's ? do you think we are strange ? that we think to much ? feel too much ? that we are interesting ? do you find us oddly attractive ? or are we not ... is morality objective or subjective , subjective meaning it is different for different people and different cultures . if subjective , that would mean that in some cultures like the viking culture , ... first , did you have any reason to believe that the guy was going to return ? did he leave a backpack or books there ? had he left items there , or if he had mumbled something like , i'll be back , ... it is extremely important to me that i look good in a mirror . now i do make adjustments for my age . i'm 56 and i expect myself to look middle aged . but there are just certain things . like i battle ... i can only say that i matured much much more slowly in some ways . not that i was childish . but i was just incredibly naive . when i was a kid in junior high , i had lived such a sheltered ... i experience this frequently . i have often wondered about it , and i feel sorry for others who don't . for me , it helps make life worth living and gives me gratitude for the little things . in ... other types love unicorns but infj's think they are unicorns . oh wait , so do infp's . darn ! the thought that in a million years an estp would mistake themselves for an infj had me in stitches . :) on a regular basis ? ? i most commonly eat a couple of scrambled eggs , a croissant , and iced tea . i am being a bad girl lately - - i am not supposed to be having bread . i wish i had the self ... long ago i used to take kung fu . one day i mentioned to my sifu that when he did kungfu forms i sometimes felt i was watching a tiger . he said , who told you that ? i said , no one , it's just ... i am a firm believer that we should give our children names that mean something rather than for just being cool sounding . i named by daughter charis because it means grace . we are exceptionally complicated . she's probably feeling more than one thing , and at 2 or 3 months isn't entirely sure of what she's feeling herself . if she's texting you great stuff , not too much , ... if i date a man , he doesn't truly understand me lol going to a party with a friend and there's no one else i know . i get there , and my one friend leaves me to go and socialize . and she's my ride home . there is a jewish expression , you save one man , you save the world . here is an article about a vet named lee who is now terminal after having three strokes . when no one came to see him in the ... music is something else entirely . to begin with , i know i will never feel as in love when with a person as when listening to music , odd as that may sound . for me it's tchaikovsky . but all the ... may you find you way , and perceive what is best for you , finding happiness . i can tell you that if you have children , you only sacrifice your independence for what will seem a very short time when ... the college years are magical years . everything that you learn is so fresh and exciting . it really is hard to make ourselves vulnerable to getting hurt when , as infj's , we are so sensitive . i ... are you asking why we speak tactfully ? a better question is : why doesn't everyone ? if on the other hand you are asking why we are indirect , aka look how full the trash is , rather than , ... when i was younger , around 40 , and my life was filled with more drama , i tested as a 4w3 . a few months ago i tested again and came out as a 2w3 . we have a lot of wonderful threads where we share fa vorite books , sayings and songs . i pick up good stuff to read and listen to . one of my new favorite songs is let me be your wings from the ... i feel the whole range of emotions depending on the vision / dream . for example , in a short vision of copying manuscripts with brush and ink in a chinese monastery , i feel a sense of great serenity . ... awww . i'm sorry you've been hurt . and i understand you're need to withdraw for a while . sometimes a temporary period of celibacy can be a good thing , a time to rest and recover and reflect . i ... well , yes . you were certainly being unfair , being jealous when it was supposed to be just friends , and jumping to conclusions . you created unnecessary drama . that would be hard on anyone , but is ... i can't tell for sure , especially since i'm 1 . going by your report and 2 . not viewing him physically . but based on his ultra gentle caring reactions to your pain and sleepless nights , fairly bad . ... i thought the pictures were weird . souls are not like anything on earth . we cannot imagine souls . i think we have individual souls , one each . but i think that souls are interconnected as well , ... i don't know what he'll do with the letter . i agree about the charm . he's definitely not going to burn the stuff or take pleasure in destroying it the way some types do . every infj is different , but i think he will keep the video for example simply because it reminds him of you . good job . if it helps , even if he doesn't contact you , he will always care about you . i used to have a great kung fu teacher . he also cut hair at a salon . just to get to know him better , i began going there . he flirted with me , and over time , i fell in love with him . it turned out ... whatever you do , don't contact him . he needs space . a lot of it . he got overwhelmed . the relationship got way too deep way too fast . and it wasn't reciprocal . he was the one doing all the ... certainly something is going on . but i can't say for sure what . past lives is one hypothesis . it is a common hypothesis and a lot has been written about it already , so i won't go into this one , ... i'm not sure what you are asking . are you asking if we each have our own soul , as opposed to being a part of one giant soul ? are you asking if our souls are different from each other , as ... nature is cruel . life feeds off of life , and heartlessly so . even if you are vegetarian , you eat other life forms , and i'm not convinced that plants feel no pain when they are harvested . it alarms ... '