' one of us is a famous astrophysicist . he's got an ... interesting twitter account . another one was a samurai who worked under oda nobunaga if you're into tech , the # 1 rated techreviewer in the ... yeah , just add a dab of plausible deniability to fuel the debate . oh man , i thought this was going to be a fun thread about how great , fun and wonderful we are . lol , this thread is hilariously myopic . people aren't even hiding the fact that they don't care to ... i see you're watching anime again . what do you get out of watching those cartoons ? bahaha . i'm ... i'm ... rea-hahaha ... really sorry about your grandp-haaa haaa haaa haha ... i'm so sorr-hee hee heheee . knock knock jokes always get me , man . not sure but it sounds familiar . lol , okay . this is outrageous . there's some people who seemed really perturbed because they completely missed the point of thread . for some reason , a few of you think you were being excluded from ... like i said , you should learn tact . you don't have to , but you should . i've seen enough bs online when it comes to this discussion . you're allowed to feel the way you but i would rather not have to ... i asked : this thread is about race . where do you stand on it ? how important is it to you ? how much do you think about ? what influences does it have on you personally , socially and in other facets ... well , i asked other black intp's to give their experiences as they relate to race . now i have white people ( presumably ) comparing countries by their racism . i asked a personal question that has been ... oh boy , this thread is taking the turn i wanted to avoid . did it ring a few bells ? graficcha i've been away for a long time but your paragraphs are still top notch . the questions are intentionally unspecific . i had to subtly avoid the wrong responses . you're right about their being extensive nuances to race discussion but i couldn't pick just one . i mostly ... i know i'm not the only one out there so i'm reaching to find you and ask a few questions . first off , how's it going ? your life okay ? yeah ? cool . basically , this thread is about race . where do ... i come here less and less over time . i thinks it's boring now , no offense . i've outgrown it . i used to relate to a lot of what was posted here and a lot of it has me shaking my head . i don't care ... new folks . please stop thanking my old posts . they only make me cringe . i'm not active here anymore but i come back everyone in a while to see my notifications . this always reminds me of the ... tribes ascend was great . they haven't updated in over two years though . i could have but i squandered the opportunity . she says i won't get another hello ! i'm not completely gone . i only visit once every few weeks . i check my notifications , scroll through the post titles , find nothing interesting then leave for another few weeks . this ... just read some of my earlier posts . yikes . i would like to formally apologize to internet . that might be your problem . try taking a different approach . i recommend taking up a new hobby . something almost completely foreign to you . suggestion : japanese board games . invest enough time ... 4sjh4 makes 2 years next month . it's been moved about 6 times . just last month it was room 84 , now i have no idea and can't really be bothered to find out . i already have ways to contact most of the ... if 7 - eleven is open 24 hours a day , why do they have locks on their doors ? i got another vocaroo | voice message here's mine . it is a lot longer than i thought but whatever . i do enjoy zobot's voice . i would like to hear more of your sweet whispers . vocaroo | voice message is it possible to even when one literally can't . if we assume that first , one literally must to even just even , then to just must one can only barely even . that is to supposed that when one has ... it seems i only come here for notifications . this probably sounds pathetic , which i don't mind . after my recent successful post , i feel ... satiated . the notifications were fulfilling my ambiguous ... it's called lethologica . a person's brain doesn't like , get the words , and their thoughts are like , not what they say ? you get what i'm saying ? assuming that abortion has been made illegal on the basis that a fetus is a person , we would qualify it as an individual with some kind of identity - but what happens when the woman bearing this ... i once got 7 on flappy bird . he would be extremely disappointed . i should have accomplished great things by now , but that's only because my childhood self did not know about nihilism . i take shortcuts all the time , like handing the teachers papers with 5 pictures . i mean , do they really expect me to write 5000 words ? if she keeps patting us on the head , she just might get her own derailing . where am i ? i wondered as i begun to regain my consciousness . my vision was hazy and my memory blank ; i didn't know how i got there , when or how long i had been there . with the grass below my feet , ... how do you imagine initiating contact with said person affects possibilities ii and iii , and especially i ? this probably isn't a joke and should be looked into . it's his own writing , would they still consider it plagiarism ? she told me it's getting harder for her to take . that sometimes she feels like it's choking her . i don't know what do . she is a pretty tight j and says she can't handle my pness . guys who have a ... oh yeah , well you're a potato . no one makes fun threads anymore . this forum has become rather melancholic . maybe it always has been and i just noticed . oh well . post something you made that you think is worth sharing . it can be ... career consultant . you ever feel like getting something off your chest but not know how or even what ? you feel so encumbered by this huge weight you could definitely toss but it sticks to you because you don't even ... when i was younger i watched movies for the visual . commando and kung fu movies were best movies could possibly be for me at that age . as i grow old i seem to transition from that to liking plot and ... doing nothing . it's so much . i don't participate in sports but i'm interested in spectating . as of right now i'm only interested in soccer . it's been exciting this year and i can't wait for the world cup . i can mimic fast car and motor bike sounds as heard in videos games with my mouth . i also learned to drive pretend stick-shift just from watching fast and furious . combine the two and you have the ... beep bop . is because he can not reason enough ? what would be a really good question to ask you ? '