' it's happened ( albeit rarely ) and , personally , i find it amusing . lol what's with the uc / ucsd connections here ? i used to work there . first , congratulations on rice ! fantastic school ( btw with an excellent neuroscience program ) joining clubs and organizations is a great way to meet new people . at club meetings , people often ... if you're willing to spend money , get a trek bike . a $ 300-400 one is still on the good side . there's a huge difference between a cheap trek bike and a $ 100 walmart bike . personally , i'm planning to ... i do something similar . i do feel an emotional reaction at first ( you'll probably never notice ) ... , in the case about either amusement or a touch of animosity . then , i switch gears quickly on why the ... how wonderfully stated ! high school - played american football and tennis these are sports i'm very comfortable with : football baseball basketball tennis swimming surfing i'm always down to try a new sport . pretty much even . left brain ... right brain 49 % ... 51 % your left brain percentages 67 % reality-based ( your most dominant characteristic ) 40 % verbal 34 % logical 25 % symbolic ok i read halfway through the thread then skipped ahead . back to the original question . first off , i'm agnostic / secular humanist . whether or not i believe in god depends on how you define ... entj here . i used to read alot of books regarding motivation / psychology ( i still read alot of psychology schtuff ) . definitely not the ones with a fluffy vibe to it though ( imo those are useless ) - ... first , i'll state that i'm almost 50/50 on the j vs p divide . so sometimes , i do act like an entp ( not as often and not to the degree of my entp friends ) , and i can definitely relate . also , i've had ... i'm a huge fan of through the wormhole . the episode is there life after death ? was mind-opening . and my world outlook is almost exact with those stated in the sciences channel logo video . ( not ... we are neither above nor below nature . we are an integral part of nature , subject to all the natural laws throughout the cosmos . through the scientific mindset , we develop a clearer understanding of ... i work at two locations ( in the same system ) , and each place as a different make up . one place is dominated by sjs and some sps , with the occasional nt ( no nfs ) . one is dominated by a mix of nfs , ... 13 assassins one of the longest actions scene's i've had the privilege to witness ... again , a famous nt on astrology : democritus - aka the father of modern science and the laughing philosopher democritus - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia yes that sums up my relationship with my enfp friend and estj coworker . i expand on my enfp friend's ideas all the time - usually in a more objective fashion . ... i also notice that my enfp friend ... haha that made my day behold the holy hand grenade of antioch thanks for the insight ! ! in that case , i'm definitely an ni user . i have plenty of aha moments . hmm . if a typical extrovert displays himself like this - i like getting my energy ... i've been in a minor conundrum lately . am i an entp or entj ? that pretty much sums up my mode of thinking ... sometimes i have elaborate ideas right before i sleep and i have to write them down ... what type of humor captures the nt mind ? i personally find this hilarious : ninjerktsu : carl sagan and his fully armed spaceship of the imagination no problem . feel free to ask me :) hmmm i can help you with the type 8 part . first of all , he will most likely not stop questioning everything . when i was small , i used to question everything ( i still do lol , albeit in a more ... lately , i've been unsure of my p vs j functions . i'm very extroverted , very intuitive , pretty strong thinking ... perceiving vs judging hmm not so sure . i tend to use either or , depending on my ... just retested . 8w7 i have mixed opinions regarding the enneagram theory ... what do you believe bono's mbti type is ? my guess is enfj , but not completely sure . no one is perfect , but i've avoided potential relationships because i didn't want to deal with people's bad habits ( i . e . shopaholics ) nor their emotional baggage . i don't want that crap to seep ... yes . celebration is much , much , much better if it's informal and relaxed . it's a time to let loose , so why add a level of rigidity like unnecessary rituals ? during formal dinners or weddings , you ... it depends . i really enjoyed my high school graduation . school spirit was / is huge at my high school . my graduating class consisted of about 150 people , so it was more like a bunch of friends going ... no i don't think that's odd . i play and sing with my senses and feelings . the moment i start thinking / overthinking is the moment i mess up ( doesn't happen often ) . no , not necessarily . i think i'll leave it to 329 above me to explain why . there's some systems that work optimally in the free market , and there's some that don't . even subsystems within a ... i play the piano , guitar , and a little bit of the drums ... and i sing . alot . there's nothing like a good jam session . faces by a long shot . my favorite song out right now . same as my experience . my parents weren't overbearing with me at all . my mom pushed me when i was small , but once i entered high school , both my parents gave me my independence . heck i've never had a ... i'm satisfied with my awesome entjness . it's good to be king .  ... but if i absolutely had to choose another type , it would be entp . they have alot of fun and still have an intellectual side ... like many people noted above , usability rates high on my gift-rating spectrum , but , as martini noted , tolerable level of gift-cuteness is best represented by an asymptotic curve . also , giving me ... if it's an occasional thing , then i'd be really appreciative . not overly-emotional about it , but definitely appreciative . for sure not offended . looks like you went through alot of work to put that ... yes . for me , there's different levels of trust for varying types of information . this is the way i see it . it's easy socialize with me and be my friend , but it's hard to get close to me ... oh how we think alike lol . entj ~ 700 friends on facebook . i'm not even thinking about trimming my facebook . there could be contacts there that can be useful in the future , whether personally or ... like other entjs said here , no fluff . like mentioned above , find out what is really bothering him . maybe he doesn't even know ... or if he does know , externalizing the source of sulkiness ... no . it's more of the se that comes out . i found that a working out helps . also , just laying down outdoors and / or taking in the scenery ( if weather permits ) while putting on some jack johnson works well too . i feel relaxed and pretty ... yea exactly . i would never get an a for the sake of getting an a . i would go for high grades only if a ) i'm really interested in the subject , so my understand is so good that i get an a anyways b ) to ... yes . there's been recent research that supports this claim . daydreaming and doodling help aid in attention and productivity . if you think about it , this research makes alot of sense . humans ... just finished the blue zones : lessons for living longer from the people who've lived the longest by dan buettner the author , along with respected longevity researchers , physicians , dietitians , ... ozymandias by percy bysshe shelley i met a traveler from an antique land who said : two vast and trunkless legs of stone stand in the desert . near them , on the sand , half sunk , a shattered ... very , very , very , very , very soothing i'd do medicine , but probably less hours than usual in order to invent / research stuff on the side ... and lead preventative medicine projects ... and still have time left over to max my physical ... '