' i'm a soon to be industrial designer . from my point of view it is a fantastic career path for entps , because of our great idea-generation and communication abilities . it is probably the career ... since i was a kind i wanted to be an inventor , so i love being an entp . if i had to pick another type i think it would be entj . they are very different in terms of cognitive functions , but i have ... boring . i would say / write down if i could dear family , gf and friends : thanks for all , i love you ! however , i doubt i would be able to accept death and embrace letting go . so , instead , i would probably ... i got 115 on the test , but i got 128 on the offical mensa one . most developed : spatial intelligence . least : pattern recognition . when i was a kid , i was too lazy to properly memorize the multiplication tables . over the years , this led to some people to believe that i was bad at math , since i couldn't answer 8 times 7 in one ... invention , technology and i used to be passionate about computer games . not to be rude , but [ insert critical comment ] i'm not american , but i find it frightening that people are willing to give away our hard fought rights and liberties for cover up reasons like terrorism and increased security . is it surprising ... stds and the blueprint for a time machine . so , not so much . i studied mechanical engineering , didn't like it , and switched to industrial design which i enjoy much more . you should consider it . entp . cliché : - always wanted to become an inventor . studying industrial design - working on a few start ups and interested in entrepreneurship . not cliché : - i hardly ever make as witty ... how to give critical criticism : 1 . start with what is good . 2 . begin your criticism with in my opinion or from my point of view 3 . although it can be uncomfortable to give criticism , ... from my experience : shop employee - part time job for two years . hated every bit of it . especially how the customer is always right when so many of them are freaking idiots . sergeant in the ... from what i understand you can't really change your cognitive functions much ( though some will develop ) , so you can't really change personality type . another possibility , that is very common , is ... definitely not in churches . more likely : anything to do with science , technology , video games , science fiction , prop making , the arts , debate groups however , entps are not very common among the ... the first thing i wanted to become was a pilot like my father . he took me with him on the job and we have shared our interest for aviation and space exploration . the second thing i wanted to ... every now and then i pay attention to the present to remind myself what i am doing . always wanted to become an inventor . now , i study industrial design , which is , arguably , the closest one can get to become one . learning wise , i am very visual . if i can picture it inside my head ; then i understand . hoorah . served two years in the norwegian navy . i've studied mechanical engineering and now industrial design . a lot of entps in both programmes . what about changing programme ? i studied mechanical engineering in 2011 and was miserable . now i've completed one semester doing product design and couldn't be happier . pros : - project based ... real : jon stewart fictional : tony stark , calvin in calvin and hobbes also known as white people problems . it is ridiculous . we live in this fantastic age with all these amazing technologies . it is a pitty that it is wasted on the most spoiled , piece of shit ... those are some good keywords and descriptions . did you make them up yourself ? personally , i've had a little trouble with procrastination so i've tried to work on my self-discipline . ( what helped ... ne + ti is pretty awesome , so i wouldn't change that . however , a stronger fe or fi could be beneficial . as a child i really liked jim carrey and sometimes when i was bored i would practice making crazy faces in the mirror . always acted in school plays and i get a lot of enjoyment from entertaining ... beautiful . i love it . sometimes i find introverted or shy people boring , but those that like to discuss topics in depth i like . not as bad as many , but yeah . : tongue : combination of all , but # 4 is most important . you're probably right that it is has a lot to do with maturity . another thing i've noticed about stirring up conversation is that there are many topics people don't want to talk about , whereas i ... my thoughts exactly . hey ! i strive to be a good person , but over the years i have noticed a few not-so-good traits . becoming aware of them and then learning from it , has been the only way for me to improve . some ... started studying industrial design this fall . it is a five year programme , though i'm probably going to take the fourth one abroad . dream is to become an inventor of sorts . we'll see . apart ... none of the types are surperior and you are still a unique induvidual despite belonging to a certain one . having said that though , i can see many advantages that a sterotypical entp would have . ... don't mess around with reality and reality wont mess around with you . i have an uncle who has been schizophrenic and paranoid since the 70s when he was messing around with drugs . he used to have a ... as always there are multiple perspectives and i don't see how exluding one of them would be any beneficial . letting go is the reason i'm not too fond of getting very drunk or stoned . i don't ... mother and best friend are infjs . what i like : - they're very intelligent - both of them are loyal , great friends that i can talk about anything with - with their different view on the world , ... when i want to i can be very charming and likable , but although i have many acquaintances , i don't have any close friends anymore . i think the main reasons for it is that i'm not very good at ... i drink at parties and some social events and i have tried weed . however , i prefer not to be under the influence of some substance , because i like having a clear mind . there isn't that much you can do , because what he does with his relationship , is something that he has to figure out on his own . you could just move on . if you truly are a good match , then perhaps ... enthustastic , social , laid-back , smart , lazy , charming , annoying , nice , funny , boring fall 2011 i started studying mechanical engineering , but didn't like it for the same reasons you didn't like electrical engineering ; it was boring . this fall i switched to industrial design , and ... i think there is a lot of truth to doing what you love . you'll have a much easier and enjoyable time if you focus on something you like doing . and it is the only way to really become a master of ... my mother and my best friend is an infj and they have superpowers that never seize to amaze me . i'm not an esfp , but i fucking rock at holding presentations . you should widen your requirements . love . i want to love what i do for a living . i want to be with people i love . i want to love someone and be loved back . i want to love my life . i want to spread as much love as i can to everybody ... those tests are often fairly inaccurate , and many people mistype themselves as intuitives , because picking the intuitive answer often seems more sensible . instead , it is more accurate to look at ... '