' i remain logical but lose my composure and will insult anyone who i think is being a moron and if my words aren't working , then i'll get in their faces and try to start a fight . thinking about what ... i practice the twerk in my spare time , even though it is typically a female dance . i don't really have any secrets . if i've done something outrageous or weird , then somebody is already aware ... i wear sun glasses whenever i go somewhere , to avoid any unnecessary eye contact and to hide my murderous look ... it makes me look like a douche , but that's better than looking like a serial killer ... if only life was as easy as piecing legos together . after years and years of living in a chaotic home ( chaos caused by a sister with several mental disorders ) , my fuse burnt up and i finally ex small things pissed me off . i'd punch holes in my door , ... i feel your pain . finding a someone that you can connect with on several levels , can be hard in these stages of life . i'd go with recently mentioned advice and go join a club or something of the ... i become more tolerant of the idiots that i'm hanging with . i dance with no music playing . whenever there's music playing , i dance . i start busting rhymes . my creativity sky rockets and i ... my vision sucks and i'm not an aries . when i have to poo right after i shower . what situation would require you to be disruptive ? : wink : so you're still disruptive ? : wink : entps are more likely to get banned from forums . wow that's exactly the way it is between my mom and i . exactly as you described it . kinda glad i'm not the only one in that situation . i was thinking that i was just a bad son > . > ; . you missed the point i was trying to make in my first post by focusing on that one detail . from reading gerd's post i see now that my point is void anyway . i can see truth in this just from observing all my extrovert acquaintances that have smoked pot since their early teens . i compared and contrasted them with my friend's that use no substances like ... where did i say heroin wasn't natural ? what's your point ? and heroin is concocted , there for it is not natural i've taken many test . i score 122-138 when i try to answer most and guess on the rest . i hardly ever try to solve all the questions on any given test . i get bored . but of course we're gonna score ... i didn't actively start smoking pot until the age of 18 ( over a year ago ) , but i've always loved everything about it . when i was about 10 i was at a friends house sitting in the living-room and i ... i was actually gonna put a little emotion into this post . i changed my mind - goes back to appearing emotionless - no particular fashion . people that know me can't even tell who i am if they can't see my face , most of the time . i've got like 10 diff beanies , 5 jackets , skinny jeans , baggy jeans , slacks , ... peoples reaction when i do or say awkward things : o never knew my dad . only saw him like 10 times estj step-dad . we get along , but it annoys me when he's ignoring my mom's feelings about something ... and i can smell his lies @ . @ isfj mom : we just ... 1.when people question my questions , thinking that it's clever or something . 2.when people try to answer my yes or no questions with irrelevant details far from what i asked . 3.when people ... my closest friend for the past 12 years is isfj . other than him being extremely naive , he's nice , caring , keeps it real and has this random sense of humor that gives me a good laugh every now and ... your behavior sounds exactly like mine . there's a 98.7 % chance you're istp . though i got intp on my first test also ... > . > names chauncy , i interrogate people until they make sense then lather my entire body with peanut butter to celebrate k so one of my friends is always interrupting me whenever i wanna start talking , taking over the conversation and trying to make his own point . i'm like , well that's not i was gonna say , but ... the concept of gods existence has just been too simplified over the centuries . it's just hard for some to consider the fact that god might exist because those individuals think in a manner that ... where i live most the people are really simple minded i guess . i don't get much entertainment from social interaction with them , so i come here for the diversity , large quantity of knowledge and funny ... dear dark spot on my wall why are you there ? where did you come from ? i didn't understand ... when i looked into you it felt as if you were looking back into me . like the abyss and swallowing me into ... 58856 well this is me i can relate to some of these - i could go without a zombie apocalypse , but i'd have alot of fun if one happened . ( assuming i'm not a zombie xd ) the action ... the adventure ! mwahahaha - i get bored of ... dear infj , please stop trying to hide how you actually feel about things ( at-least around me ) . i've known you for years and always been able to tell what your feeling . i can see that you're ... rather than getting sad or mad , i get even . you might think i do it to make myself feel better , but i wasn't feeling to begin with there's groups of people i hang out with often . there's people i still talk to from my childhood ... they make me laugh i make them laugh , but i don't consider any of them friends . they have thoughts ... would this hyperfocus mode be like when i'm really focused on something and i hear a projectile coming towards me or see it with my peripheral vision and i simply catch or deflect it while my train ... i know those people they can be frustrating . it might be because she felt like you were unhappy with the job . so she took it as a complaint and wanted to get you to like it by telling you how good ... those days when i'm bored and don't feel like anything could excite me . i'll continually drive my car around the house in reverse with my cat milkshakes in the passenger seat ... with hopes of going ... '