' 267522 i've had an office job for almost ten years now . i never stop moving ! but i certainly still get restless and want to be somewhere else . usually i just have to put my headphones on and listen to ... do you mean meeting someone online and then meeting up in person ? or some sort of online date ? fo realz doe , word . keirsey temperament website - overview of the four temperaments if you figure out your basic temperament it becomes a lot easier to narrow down your specific type . no such thing every day if you count the internet . no , i don't hate any seasons . the worst , weather wise , here is summer because it's so hot but there are still good things about the summer so i still don't hate it . i love texas winters i just wish ... yes . nope , not necessarily . i'm just starting a new group where i don't even know who's gonna be in it , so they will all be new to me ! movie theater , kickball fields , tennis courts , sports bars , other restaurants , on the road in my car , work , and on my couch . those take up most of my time . : wink : i don't think i'm outside myself . i don't know what you mean by the zen function . freedom is the ability to choose the next action . the more open the choice , the greater the freedom . personality disorder is a terrible phrase . a personality cannot be ordered or disordered . yes . negative traits of an esfp sounds a lot more respectful of a person . many , many times over the last six years or so . i've used it to break down tons of communication barriers with people in my life , understand better why past relationships have failed and improve ... 1 . same thing that makes anyone unique , the person's individuality . 2 . it deals with reality . 3 . yes . yes , much more use . well , what do you live for ? sounds like probably aiming for a weekend would be best then because of the time differences . i'm interested ! i haven't done a video with an enfj yet . : happy : you didn't confuse me . just try a couple more paragraph breaks next time . : wink : before i got into personality stuff , i was always amazed when people would tell me that it was hard to know what ... i dunno about other esfps but i don't like to rank friends or anything like that . i feel like we're all just travelers on the road of life , no one's above or below anybody else . so , yes i * want * to ... well it was only 4 minutes before your post . :p roud : well , yeah . that's exactly what i said in my earlier post . : wink : i never stop moving . even when i'm asleep . there's a lot of people who consider that manipulative . now , i don't send such messages but i do think it sometimes . i personally don't think functions are a good way to figure out your type . they're more of a supplement to help understand issues once you are sure of your type . they are way too abstractly defined ... i think esfps can definitely be manipulative , but often it's unintentional . we sometimes underestimate our own abilities to get our way through our emotional mood swings . and here's my recent chat with an istj baptist pastor : sorry , forgot to update this ... here's my chat with an entp atheist from last year : esfp : esfp - extraverted sensing feeling perceiving estp : estp - extraverted sensing thinking perceiving i think that esfp profile might be the best i've seen and my son said he thought the ... eyesopen and i finally coordinated a time to brilliantly answer some vague questions ! ( with special guest appearances by my son's hand and eo's cat ! ) enjoy ! : happy : ... i'm interested , i won't be available until after 5pm central time though . so , what you're basically saying is that you want to trick yourself into discovering a type by making it convoluted enough that you can't fake it ? to me , that begs the question , why is finding a ... yeah , that sounds pretty nf to me . and nfs are usually the ones that spend the most time searching for themselves and their type . it's not usually nearly as big a deal to sensing types . something else . i don't think an esfp would try to make things more complicated than they are , unless he / she was just messing with people for attention . texas , us central time well , in that case , you should do a video with me and i'll be so subtle at asking you pertinent questions that you don't even notice . : cool : take the mbti complete ( if you don't know how to do that for free , pm me ) and be totally honest about yourself , remembering that it's about preferences , not habits . i think that's the best way to ... man , those are some weird questions . i wouldn't be able to answer most of them . how do you perceive [ blah ] ? i dunno , i just do . : tongue : i think it's a mistake to try to match ... i'm sure i could find a bit of time . : happy : a little christmas parody for yax 85 : tongue : well , thanks for the explanation , even if i don't understand it . it's probably not a shock that i'm hugely disappointed by your decision , especially since there were several of the interaction ... i find it's usually easier to look for temperament first . the official mbti is useful because if you don't know anything about a person , it tells you their strongest preferences , but the e / i and s / n ... the type descriptions don't really get into how lazy someone is . i'm incredibly lazy . if you go by my typical type profile , i'm supposed to be a rock star by now , instead i just have the same sleep ... yeah ! i could do it sometime this weekend . : happy : hey .. uhh … anybody know why pneumoceptor set all her videos to private ? : ninja : '