' saying that we have stronger feelings than other types is rather ... elitist and pretentious ? i have no idea how strong an infp or esfp feels - all i know is that i can feel very strongly about ... silly thread . but at least i got a laugh . great , double post and you can't even delete it yourself - _ - this is just me but esfp - types seem to value fitness a lot . i have two esfp friends : a guy i have known for years who is my closest friend . he has been doing deadlifting for like 8 years and ... breakfast : liquid yoghurt protein milkshake high-caffeine , non-sugar , energy drink lunch : caesar sallad high-caffeine , non-sugar , energy drink dinner : i'm thinking about synthpop i'm thinking that i should've probably worked on my python project today as i kinda wasted the last couple of hours of the evening looking at failvideos i'm thinking ... all of it i don't have partners nor can i attract women . but i can say this : the females i've fancied or been in love with have probably all been introvert intuitives ( inxx ) . i can't see myself falling for ... depends what the starting point was . was the glass full from the start or was it empty ? self : as long as i look reasonably good when naked , i am fine . romantic interests : if she is overweight or have more than 25 % body fat , it's very likely that the reptile - part of my brain is not ... so a list-thread ... what are we supposed to discuss ? i got invited to a bbq this afternoon / evening by a female friend ( intj ) . most of the people invited are colleagues i used to work with + someone i used to go to school with a few years ago ( isfj ) + a ... can't say i've read anything from that forum but i've been a forum moderator in the past ( as well as administrating other online stuff - mostly game guilds and similar ) . what i can say is that ... no . i'm very good with faces , but quite bad at learning new people's names . we are actually not complicated at all . if you are certain that the person is an intj then this applies : if we talk to you ( keeps the conversation going , inititate contact ourselves , etc ) then we ... database error 1 ) some time ago i spoke with my colleagues about the swedish actor gösta ekman , asking them if he was dead . they laughed and said no , askimg why i think that . well he is quite old now , like 80 , ... afaik dr . manhattan isn't human , thus applying a human personality system on him will give an inaccurate description of him - just like using mbti on a cat ( which doesn't make sense ! ) i'm no ... you sound like a jain ( religion ) several times using various hallucinogens . after smoking salvia , i entered a dream-like state and stoppped being me . instead i was just another prop ( furniture ) in the dream scene . nothing ... i guess the main thing here is i really don't have much friends ( or deep relationships i should say ) , and when the friendship ends it's never really because i took an active decision to end it ... 1 ) describe the situation . tons of workflow and tech - related issues at work when it comes to game art - creation . 2 ) what is the source of dysfunction ? what have they not factored in ? workflow : ... i don't see the problem . i've always just ignored people who i don't want to be friends with . my most valuable asset is my time . if i share my time with someone it means that i like something about ... thanks . i know you mean well but i must point out that while you might have studied my posts on this forums , you do not know me in person ( irl ) . regarding flirting and being able to attract ... no . but even if i could i doubt that it would be beneficial as i am unable to attract women . picking just one song is to me rather stupid - my taste in music is far too wide and deep for me to narrow it down to just one song . but when it comes to beautiful music i like high-quality ... appearances can be decieving : this video is actually a lot more serious than you would think . i use several things to keep track of todos : - post-its ( work / home ) - notebooks ( work / home ) - todo app on the phone ( everyday life things ) - note app on the phone ( everyday life things + ... you should read andy weir - the egg . it's a short story ( one sheet of paper ) by the author of the martian . it's about life , the universe and everything . here it is : the egg i am legend , by richard matheson . unlike that stupid movie - which is nothing like the book - the book is a drama about a lonely , solitary man in a dead world who is struggling with depression and ... we try and hang around that person . that's pretty subtle i know - but if you know that this person is an intj and ( s ) he all of sudden tries to be around you , talk to you or engage you socially in ... i had a best friend once who is an esfp . fascinating individual . very egocentric and absorbed with his own life ( like me - so i could understand and respect that quality ) which is like a ... i'm not into it myself but i'm open for compromise if i were to find a woman who were into that . i'm not like them , but i can pretend ... no , but i do hallucinogens every once in a while . would like to explore meditation though and i probably will when the time comes around . i knew all of this already about myself , but i'm bookmarking your original post as there are bits and pieces there that i wanna save for my dating profile ... once i get one that is . sounds like ... insane ? no i just start ignoring them - or if i am in the mood i try to trigger / annoy them . genre : funky house  i'm usually pretty tolerant about people , despite being an intj you might say . even the ... emotionally driven people need a special kind of stupid to get me annoyed . for instance , there is this ... both , but with a strong preference for science and technology . you are an ambivert , meaning you have about ( or close to ) a 50/50 spread between introversion and extraversion . it's actually quite common . - what is your philosophy of life ? i don't know . atheist existentialism ? sartre ? surrealism ? i go with conan o'brien's quote be kind , work hard , and amazing things will happen . it's simple - it's ... i am currently in a period of reading haruki murakami . started reading after the quake and it appears to be one of his less interesting work unfortunately . it's a bit surprising since everything ... i get angry at how utterly bad that test is coded . started doing the test , picked some values , excluded similiar ones and ended up with 11k votes ... closed down and started again . really tried ... i don't form very strong friendships with anyone - women in particular . i've had a few female friends though , friendships that end because she eventually got a boyfriend and had to make some kind of ... the same way i deal with any family-related social gathering : act along and take social breaks every now and then . it's not that bad . esfp : intj : depends on the situation : everything from just cold ignorance to fierceful verbal aggression . some kind of complextro i guess ? sounds like a mix of glitch hop and electro house '