i need relationship advice . please from someone with experience . i went to peru in january and i met a boy that i clicked very well with . he took english classes in the mean time so that he ... god damn it ! ! ~ ~ what was your setting like ? gimme deets yo . mindset ? doing shrooms alone tonight ! anyone with that type have any experience ? ! im practically a schizoid so that's why i'm askin for the types . _ . i just want to be as accurate as possible i was wondering if anyone else could relate . i put that as the title to draw people in but because i also wanted it . :D i was kind of targeting the egyptian judgement shit . if that's what you're talking about anywho . anything else that was realized is individual . i feel like the judgement part is universal . someone who doesn't / can't listen . war on consciousness - banned ted talk - graham hancock - ayahuasca , dmt , i'm at a party right now . earlier i found out that you get judged after you die if you should perish or if your spirit should live on . i'm stuck in introspection . i don't mind . my istj and i have been having problems regarding feelings , he sees it as dramatic ( i think ? ) i'm really not sure which dramatic part of me was being too dramatic . anyway right now i'm going through ... fuck finally , some closure ! so happy you posted . i've been blaming myself everyday . i realized a lot and you confirmed some of them . thank you maybe now me thinking me and him being together in the ... i get anxiety so bad that i have diarrhea . i had it everyday for 4 months before i started to chill out and meditate . i have the headaches everyday , like right now , that's what i even googled .. infj ... we carry death with us it lays in our memory everything we have done turned into ash some things soggy with rot everything we have done must be burned . - not worth copyrighting when you're young , your mould is wet as you age , it becomes dry mould yourself well , as you may regret who you become if you do not try . - s . t i am a doll people look at me and think i don't have much to say i really do , just not as i play my porcelain face is truly made of clay don't tell anyone , or i might stray from this place ... i feel like everyone is walking on a path some people are skipping happily and i am crab walking through snow running into trees and falling from exhaustion . i'm an infj or infp and was in a relationship with an istj . we've been broken up for a month now officially .. a month ish . we talked tonight and then later i called him to ask where i stood .. the ... but we don't get along . my mom is very generous and my dad always takes my plate away after i eat . i probably sound like a spoiled bitch . :( i understand that . when i see it from an outsider ... jesus this is amazing and i found by them .. goddamn . i love you . i found this today and was lolling so much ! just thought id share ... coming across as perfect , agreed ! selfish , big time . damn . i feel like it's so wrong an unnatural to be this way . thoughts ? experience ? lol . doesn't bother me . . _ . i am a lot different irl than i am online . basically i'm keeping my eyes peeled for a mate . thanks for the tip about being natural and i liked the post about the narrow vision . thanks everyone ... depends on what they say and how they act . like if they slouch , if they dont pronounce words properly , if theyre quiet . if they glance at me . ^ im kinda going off of this one kid in my english ... nope . it makes me interested every time i see him . i'll stare and stare and try to make conclusions about him through his actions and it just keeps growing . i like doing this above anything , to be ... meow ? does anyone else feel that way : ' ' ' ( i feel like i'll never have a boyfriend or a good relationship . when i'm out and about i always keep my eyes peeled for hotties . i wish i were hideous so guys ... i knew he loved me a lot . i did love him very deeply but i got insecure and something i dont want to get into cause yeah . i was too worried all the time . i knew i could change , but i knew i needed time . he says he can still trust me and that he just isn't into this right now , so later maybe [: oh wow thank you i didn't see it that way :') it was hard . but since i knew it , i kept acting distant . while we were broken up he still tried to be close ish friends but i was being distant and stuff ... so when i was with my ex ( i keep posting about him cause i simply think of him all day everyday ) i realized i couldn't love him the way he loved me cause his love is just so deep and mine is all ... i have such a terrible headache thinking about this every waking moment of my fucking life ! meditation is a huge helper though . i feel like i'm going crazy and crying feels so empty but it feels ... ever since knowing i'm an infp , the feeling that i get from reading about every infp thing .. i relate it to me . i attached it to me . it's like i put a label on myself . anyone else like this ? i haven't been opening my mind with drugs if that's what you're thinking . i have adhd and my ex realized for me how much i am missing in terms of thinking about things . i guess i used cannabis to ... people who are bordering on suicide do dmt and come out fine so k . i've been like this for about a year . i was half like this for 4-5 years . i've become more hate ish for a year cause i've been opening my mind a lot . the price you pay . :/ o ok i kiss u cause u coot - 3 - that's a tad bit cute . we're both females - _ - i will be doing dmt a couple days after new years . so i just got home from being with my friend . we have been on and off for years . she knows me pretty well and tonight she told me how i am , and this is how she feels about it : oh ! [ insert my ... i know this has nothing to do with personality stuff . hey maybe it does . but i was wondering .. is 18 too old to begin drawing or anything , and become skilled ? what are some negative things you do / feel / learned from in relationships ? infps only pls i've imagined meeting mine too : ) my boyfriend is going to go off to college and well were not exactly together , but we love each other . i'm going to college too , but i can't help but imagine : after a couple years of both of us in ... i would bring it up if i were you . its probably bugging her too . don't take it so harshly . i'm seriously this way . since she wants to try again she really does want to , she probably feels really self conscious now too and is probably scared what you think . you ... lololol edit : ^ that was supposed to be in caps edit : i actually loled you poor thing . wanna cuddle ?