' yes , on a daily basis my room is generally clean with slight clutter . this week i've been incredibly busy and stressed out , resulting in a mess of a room . part of it is that i just don't have time to ... my mom and brother are entps . i get along with both of them very well , my brother and i have a similar sense of humor and my mom helps me sort out my thoughts and ideas . i can talk to her for hours ... and this is exactly why i wouldn't say i lose a lot of things . my life , comprised in a list . i don't lose physical things quite as much as i am forgetful . forgetting past situations , conversations , specific scenarios , etc . my enfj friend is always recounting things i said to her or things i ... most of the time i'm pretty level headed and calm , and when i am feeling emotional it doesn't show on my face . things don't tend to bother me until i've had time to brood over them . when faced with ... almost everyone i've ever met has told me , before i got to know you , you terrified me i always thought it had to do with my facial expression , i'm one of those people who always looks sad when i'm ... i'm a very good liar and actor ( i've been involved with theatre ) but i absolutely hate lying . i tell the truth whenever possible , even in minor situations where most people may fib . but if need be , ... green-blue ... a goldish rim around the iris , then green , surrounded by a blue rim . the girls in my family have green , my brother and dad have blue and my other brother is hazel . sorry it's blurry :/ ... i thought about doing something i like that a lot of times . there's so much more in the world than the bubble i'm encased in ... getting perspective and new spontaneous experiences is something i ... i used to be the same way , then when i got into high school i joined the track team and loved it so much i ran cross country the next season , which i loved even more . running was amazing , i was a ... this , exactly . i find the catholic church makes ... sense , but there's so much nitty-gritty i find it very easy to fall out of the faith . i don't like being competitive . i've never had that sort of nature . it was always , let's all agree to play a game we all like and if not i'll just play by myself ( the latter happened far too often i ... everything that has been said is so similar , yet us infjs see it as unconventional , i guess society sees these things that way . i think these are fairly odd / unique : when a song is stuck in my head ... i posted on here a long time ago but the picture didn't go through ... these are a few that won some competitions recently : i'm 16 years old , because most people ask ... 4466844669 44670 i've been away from the forum for a while so this seems a good way to get back into things :) my name is kelly , i'm 16 , born and raised in northern california with my entp mom and intj father . i ... it may be a bit late to respond , but i agree with others , that while it's a romantic and sweet gesture , it's a bit grand before a first date . it makes it seem as if she'd have to commit to something ... i think this is a common infj theme , finding it hard to connect to others on a personal level and being cautious of giving everything to another person , and having a sensitivity to authenticity . i ... my mom is an entp , and she personally doesn't see herself as a funny person , so i think she has a more dry sense of humor than anything because she's so outgoing and is always making people laugh , ... entp mom intj dad estp older sister entp little brother istj little sister enfp little brother me - infj . i've always had a strong t , but i'm by no means an intj , the f comes from my isfj ... we're both christian , and he wears a purity ring , so in general i don't really think about those things to be honest ... i was just reading through the male infatuations thread infj girls , do guys develop weird infatuations with you ? and started thinking about my current relationship ... i go to a small private high ... yes , i go through the same thought process ! in general i think all artists are self conscious about what they do , but with infjs our perfectionism and willingness to please everyone really gets in ... this is interesting , my hands have been breaking out in rash , and i thought it was an allergic reaction to something ... but that makes more sense , this has been my most stressful year so far . has ... with sugar-free vanilla cream , sometimes with a few splendas . at starbucks a sugar-free vanilla latte . i don't like the taste of sugary drinks , even soda i always take diet . yes , i have this problem . even developing friendly relationships is difficult for me , and going beyond that is almost scary . if i find someone likes me , i may think they're cute or nice and i'll want ... this is just about the most entertaining , off-topic infj thread ever . thank you for the laughs , now i can't go to sleep or else i dream up some sort of strange metaphoric cheese-mouse-cat scenario ... i'm the same exact way ! it's so hard for me to develop non romantic relationships with guys . ever since i learned of mbti one of my favorite things to do is guess people's type , but i can never be for sure . the only way to accurately test this theory is for all of us to walk around with the ... as a female , i definitely have more female friends than male ... partly because i'm so introverted i don't pursue to make a lot of friendships anyway , but i'm also just more comfortable with women , as ... i don't think sarcasm is in and of itself bad , it's when it's used so often and in a negative way that it sets people off . infjs , i've noticed , are pretty sarcastic , so how bad could it be ? xd i ... i've tested as intj before , and i often rank very closely between f and t . but i'm definitely infj . infj , 5w6 i is 89 % , n is 90 % , f is 63 % , and j is 58 % . funny you mention snow , i grew up in california and never really experienced snow . i've always wanted a white christmas xd blue , green , torquoise , burgundy , purple . i like the cooler colors most of the time . to me , and this will be cheesy , it's not really the gift itself , but the kindness and thoughtfulness that goes behind it . i don't believe in shelling out tons of money for every one of your dearest ... to me , it's the symbolism that sort of counts . i mean , firey debates on whether or not christmas is pagan are pointless , it's such a universalized holiday , it's not like everyone will throw up their ... yeah , i can't stand when people go around thinking the only way is the politically correct way . to each his own , but really , i've never heard someone offended by a merry christmas ( if there is ... i hate shopping for presents retail , it's so busy and packed everywhere , and the rudeness that goes with it take away the purpose of this time of year . i do a majority of shopping online ^ . ^ i agree , a lot of people stick the holidays with religion , when really it's just a great time of the year everyone can appreciate . i find this odd , i tested as a 5w6 , and out of all the types this one sounded the absolute most like me , to the last detail . i agree with the others , it's hard to generalize all infjs . i'm a 5w6 . it seems like 2 , 4 , and 5 are common . i feel a little out of place ... :/ just wondering what other infjs think about the happiest time of the year :) are you religious ? are you a lover of this time of year , or think it's overrated / too stressful ? what's your home like ... owl city ! i listen to all his songs , all night . i almost never turn it off , unless i'm deliberately listening to something else . i probably seem like such a creeper ! : laughing : and because it's ... i did go through an ed when i was younger , though i sort of self recovered . since then i still have a weird relationship with food . eating in public feels odd to me , and i don't like to do it unless ... i've though about this a lot before . it makes me sad , because i really don't feel like i've mad a significant impact on any one , other than simply being alive . i have friends , but not many , and i'm ... i don't get really angry often , but when i do it's pretty bad . i don't often break things , kick or scream , though i have thrown coins as hard as i could to my wall when i get really steamed ( i don't ... 5 ' 7 , averagely tall :/ i'm just happy i'm two inches taller than my older sister ! : happy : ah , thanks so much :) i mostly brought this to attention because it's made an impact on my self esteem in the past , and a major part appearance has played in my life . and going through laser isn't ... one of the biggest trials for me and my appearance is my facial hair . i know , it sounds weird , but i have very light skin and dark , thick hair , that grows long and fast all over my body . ever since i ... well i really love art , and this image is by a digital artist i love . all her works are dark and very symbolic , so i just picked one i liked :) it could hold a lot of meanings . what comes to mind is ... '