' thanks for the sugesstion . it literally doesn't really bother me if i don't pay any heed to it . but what i'm wondering is by just staring yourself out in the mirror , can you force yourself to accept ... hi everyone , just putting this out there for those who may relate . i have had depersonalization since i was maybe 14 , i got rid of it by just getting on with things and writing it off as just ... time is the moving image of eternity , it is not a god damn number . therefore it's all a ball of bullshit . as was that . relate to it damn it , i command thee relate to it . i have never definied myself , always kept things open . never sure who i was , and it feels like going down a rabbit hole to try to define who i am at this stage . there are advantages to being vague , ... a mince pie i take your point . you could say that existence is the most plausible normal thing , given that it is as obvious as the day is bright . but most of me finds it highly implausible - the limit case for ... arguably , the least likely thing to ever exist exists - existence . the last gasp of heart i believe that love can be true . no , no i don't . forming beliefs around love is not the best approach . a belief is an inflexible fixed consideration of something , love is a sometimes ephemeral ... phizziology - the study of sugary drinks . those who are most certain one week are least correct the next . the universe is a load of balls . understanding is the best ding ever . but who's ... we say our minds are powerful , that is true that we do , but who are we to know ? it could be that we are on 2.5 % power , and others on another planet on 10 % can fully comprehend infinity , and that's ... true enough any given truth is built on many other truths , and probably upon many other falsities aswell . so truth is a composite of lots of stuff . what it represents as a word isn't commensurate with what it ... ' the brotherhood of the screaming abyss ' , written by dennis mckenna in 2012 . it gets to a time where he and his brother terence become blindingly spaced on native substances and concoctions in the ... does anyone want to follow my newish terence mckenna twitter page ? i ) are there particular individuals ( famous or otherwise ) that you find to be outstandingly inspirational ? ii ) they ( whoever they are ) sometimes say that the people you follow the most hold ... the most underrated irish band - by a long long way firefox has a lovely smooth mouse wheel scroll . it kicks chromes jumpy ass on that score . even on the odd occasion when you find your mind locking in on the conversation , that in itself can distract you even worse than had you not bothered to lock in . like recently someone said the ... i'm not so sure the human race is civilized at all . we just go around letting on that it is . the only part that appears civilized is because of a cultural system that controls everyone and strips ... adverts unsold tv to me . i ditched tv channels altogether . and when i got used to not seeing them on tv , they even started to bother me on radio . they are still inescapable online though . adverts ... the omnipresence of change seems to be the most fruitful yet most avoided reality . yet there are no religions formed around it . instead religions flee from it . how have humans become humans , or got ... shouldn't everyone on the planet have feel a sense of obligation to going after new discoveries ? even if most don't , shouldn't there at least be a sense of ' should do ' about it ? so many ... when jogging hearing this band is like being chased by a tiger . great if you have no energy left , you have to keep running . double jointed thumbs . looks weirder than it sounds , judging from people's reactions . they back off in horror when they see it . seems like a case of normal thumbs to me . guess i am a freak after all . rules and regulations , and people who follow them religiously , as if they had no spirit of their own to make an alternative spontaneous move . groups have a tendency to talk absolute codswallop . not always , but even if they are discussing something worthwhile it is much harder to resolve a point or come to a resolute conclusion there ... both equally . pie for dinner . cake for after . not so often though , or you could end up like marshmallow man , or cakepie man even . truth is always on the move . ideas are our best chance to widen a net within which we might one day eventually capture something definite . maybe truth has ideas itself . these two normally annoy me , but fair play to them here . how come the composite tangible things that parade around us as reality seem so real and so much a part of our supposed reality , when reality itself ( existence .. ) can sometimes feel strangely ... a collection of essays by ralph waldo emerson long walk to freedom - nelson mandela it's kind of strange having the option of looking into one or the other or both of a person's eyes when talking to them . and maybe , in time , in a lot of time , there will be the option to look into ... i like minimalism as an idea and also as an imagined practise . it would be impossible to be messy , and that'd be great . but then , in practise , would people miss the messiness ? the extent to which ... the stars are crucially significant because they open up a spectrum of distance within which the proximity to your friends is given it's closeness . they create intimacy . then again , sometimes i'd ... ambivalence towards weaknesses , along with ambivalence towards many other things - like ambivalence on legs , perambivalence possibly . or damnbivalence when ambivalence gets frustrating . ... i have mixed thoughts on prostitution . generally i think it must be a poor situation for them . but prostitution has existed probably as long as humans have existed . and they have comforted and saved ... i had a dream about a bigger cat last night , like a tiger , my brother bought it and it was just there , squaring up to me . then he told me it wasn't tame . great brother . it's his 18th birthday today ... how can we unify everything conceptually when a governing system of everything ( including it's borders , or lack of borders ) is out of view , and possibly incomprehensible ? that's what i'm questioning . in terms of the single point , doesn't a single point need a surrounding to exist as a single point ? what was originally within it isn't enough to define it's outer ... ok , well , the question is also : what sense do you make of this unity ? alan watts has helped to teach eastern understandings . he has said essentially that everything is part of everything else . without space no stars , without stars no space , for example . without ... if there is a god that could be exactly what he thinks . create your own roadshow i don't know how much my parents and brother understand me , they never said . who knows , maybe better than i understand myself . a lot of jobs are now automated because of advancing technology . the wealthy tribes are draining more and more cash from the middle class - slowly but surely reducing the middle class into the ... odd socks should never be an issue . insistence on pairing is the true troublemaker .  '