' twice if my memory does't fail me , once yesterday :p roud : if you have something with triangles , build an time machine and kill pitagora . and if you think if there is an organisation that's running the world the f * * * world don't you think they made sure ... thinks are not as they appear , you see the avatar moving but reality it doesn't move at all but , the brain tricks you by trying to predict how it's moving , how much do you trust your brain ? when it ... i'm from ukraine :) , smart people making business while the fools go and die . in the end even this revolution not going to improve much , the damn country doesn't have an solid income from export , ... oh lucid dreaming the light at the end of tunnel , happen a couple of times but my brain quickly figured out an solution to prevent that again ended up giving up on lucid dreaming and focused more on ... let say u're an parent , and the child asks you what is an tree ? you say god made that what is an river ? god made that an mountain ? god made it too , then an nuclear reactor ? god gave mind to ... never gonna happen for me , i relay love to add new skills / knowledge to my collection but after i end up like expert level it just gets relay boring and i start something new , so far i didn't found ... there are short term goals and long therm goals my short ones can be achieved in couple of years and long terms from my logic feels like never unless something unexpected happens , it's good ... as long my critical thinking skills are getting constants upgrade advertising has 0 effect on me ! ! well science the movie ones were mentioned how about some from anime : - ryner lute's alpha stigma ( legend of legendary heroes ) whose sole purpose is to erase and destroy everything - johan libert ... - theory that neurons are like mini processor , makes our brain power more than like all computers on the planet combined - the one force unified field theory human body posses 3/4 of fundamental ... this is very informative ! ! lots of good ideas here , keep them coming unfortunately this planet is running on an at least 2000 yro system , before this sort of situations would just send me into an deep depression , at least now i can identify the problem and improve ... follow orders and no talking . great so my option is to become an mindless machine . so short story because of my endless curiosity , asked questions constantly at work , all i wanted to be able to visualize how that work place system worked , but no they thought i'm up to no good and ... fluent in 3 languages and intermediate in 2 , and after those 2 are fluent next lang on the list tips to easy learn any language : - every language has ~ 2000-2500 core words knowing them you can ... iq is just algorithmic knowledge and an iq test must be specially made for each person , using / knowing someone else's data or finding some guide on iq test and scoring high iq makes you smart ? ? ... - be direct - make sure whatever you say you actually mean it so when intp still thinks and analyzes you figures out that's what you were really talking about ! ! - hold your pants and know intp's ... fighting is so simple if you invest some time - pressure points ( open nerves without protection of muscles ) 1 precise hit and fight over , and my favorite on the neck right side corroded arterie ... - books audio books yeah ! ! , books why do i need to waste my eye sight on data witch was suppose to be 10-20 pages but because you cannot have an book of that size all authors takes that core data and ... well most intp's are narcissists and the main weakness of an narcissist is shame combine that with intp's mind and you get the picture why public speaking is harder . make an mnemonic about your ... the one force , also known as unified field theory , human body has 3/4 fundamental forces : - electromagnetism - body em field and signals sent by brain also hearth makes 50 more em energy than the ... - improve , everything i see in the mirror beyond any limits imposed by man - get married ( so hard to find an decent girl , all are living in disneyland or hollywood and so obsessed with beauty ... as long you have internet and proper mind on how to use it u cant get bored ever ! ! used to be extremely good at math and then got disappointed by education and went on auto-pilot till i graduated university then i found math an bit challenging but after some dabbling it felt ... online dating = luck , location , lies , social engineering . that's from my experience had some successes there but mostly fails started to improve more my social skills to play the same game in real ... update-delete-improve-control-doubting own sanity - ! ! meta learning ! ! all depends on the complexity of situation and skills needed , in some cases 1 person can make up for an team or hundreds but where it comes to relay complex situations only an team ! ! people who ... 1 . learn bunch for new stuff 2 . master java / 3ds / photoshop 3 . master lucid dreaming ( ffs this is so hard to achieve for my slippery brain ) had some lucid dreams but my brain creates immunity to all ... an bit of truth and then some scanning if the person loves more truth or lies and then respond to person when i was looking for an hookup lies worked well now when i'm looking for something serious ... when i was small i look at the pictures mine were sky blue couple of years ago they were complete green this days it's part green and core golden , i fell like my eyes will end up golden witch i ... got my diploma in rising kids my young sister grew near me from 0-7 back in the days , one thing i can say about kids they damn love when you do acrobatic stuff with them ! ! we intp's especially love our personal created system anything new in that system we fell like its hard or inefficient or don't want to do , all you have to do struggle with those small things till ... what if i learned / experienced everything there is and still couldn't stratify my curiosity ? i will just delete what i posed , i ended up misunderstood and topic has shifted , people start to talk about conspiracies here and not details nevertheless one thing i must say extroverts are ... . . in my 2nd university year on summer exams had 9 past failed exams and 6 from that semester and needed 11 just to pass the year , so i studied like hell and passed them all everyone knew me back than ... 1st of all creationism is shit evolution is just an theory ( no we didn't evolve from monkeys they have different chromosomes set ) no one on this planet can tell you exactly where we came from and ... nether , why isnt there an choice i'm fine as i am i just need my brain to stfu when i order him and give me total control jim jeffres and his killer jokes especialy about religion have an taste ! ! ! 100 % real and truth ! ! recently i made an discovery people ages ago knew , the earth is flat and when it's raining it's actually god pissing on us . yeah apart from probably chronic depression , anxiety , and some other nasty stuff trying to ruin my life i found a lot of fixes hope you find them useful - meditation , implanting an relaxing ... at home , trying to separate myself from this society to create an new improved me without getting brain washed or mental aligned to rest of planet . oh java i hate my brain for wanting to learn 999 things at same time i never manage to master anything , still trying to learn and improve my java programming but it's so boring just watching an ... - good at finding out the meaning behind an meaning in an conversation - they are hated by 90 % of the population :) - doubting your own intelligence , once you say , decide or brain tricks into believing you are smart u're not gonna get smarter - some degree of control over autonomic system , not being able to ... i want reality enhanced not virtual reality , you could just upload information to the brain with an neurolinker , no more learning , slow down the time , a lot of applications , for virtual reality ... drove tired after 30m of sleep made an car accident lost my driving license and my car ( damn insurance ) , when you have the felling of control and boom everything gets turned upside down now half ... '