' infp 9w1 i'm pretty sure he is . si te sp / sx yourself in addition , much gratitude . infp 5w4 true . sp / so entp 8w9 7w8 2w3 so / sp 718170 6w5 1w9 4w3 sp / sx yes , you do seem enfp even though your avatar doesn't . don't worry about your results , i have never seen anybody's perfectly line up with their actual type . i , too , score higher on fi than fe despite it not being one of my type's preferred functions ... ni eii-fi yeet 1w9 5w6 3w4 sp / sx esfp isfp 4w3 19 i'm experiencing the same exact problem ! i thought i was the only one . i don't believe in any spirit creatures . the closest is aliens . i can't argue for the existence of god . but to be fair , i'm absolutely horrible when it comes to debates . i do understand the arguments of why some people believe in it . i've never played it , but it looks cute . maybe i'll try it sometime . it helps a lot of people . some people even need it to keep mentally healthy , i guess . but i most certainly do not agree with people who are of the opinion that spirituality is an aspect of wellness ... he's dank . a lot of the things he says are funny , some intentionally and others unintentionally . i hate instagram itself , but it's not worse than facebook and certainly better than twitter . people who hit it big through social media tend to annoy me . shy . i don't mind sitting in silence . personally , i don't care for it , but i don't think it's gross . to be honest , i don't really look at people's hands so i don't pay attention to it . i loved 2015-2016 for personal reasons , definitely not because of the pop culture . overall i think i liked 2005-2007 the best . i was young af , i had a lot of fun on the ps2 and emo pop-punk was ... i don't like the genres you have listed for generation z . my favorite pop music comes from the early and mid 2000 ' s , honestly . so i guess that puts me more in tune with the preferences of ... i think i use linear thinking more , or at least i'm more aware when i use it . i've been told i'm creative but i don't see it . i find se most enjoyable for me . i haven't been dreaming a lot lately . when i was younger i had a lot of recurring dreams and the two most notable ones were graphically decapitating some bullies on my school bus or turning into a ... before they ended up together my parents divorced their first spouses . i think my sense of humor is pretty diverse . i highly enjoy repetitive simple memes as well as edgy dark humor . i also like wordplay quite a lot . sle-se iei-ni isfp si you do vibe as an intj 5w4 . intj 1w9 i have way too many so i might come back with more , but here are my top 5 female celebrity crushes for now . allison harvard : 716833 hayley williams : 716841 i admit i'm often guilty of this . honestly , i don't really like interacting with people in real life . most of the time i have to hang out with other people , i don't like them and i only do it out ... i'll copy the guy above me and list what surprised me . i'm also surprised queen is low . how the fuck is def leppard above them ? i'm somewhat surprised that tim mcgraw and reba mcentire beat out ... 19 sure , that's fine . yes , i like to do that sometimes . i've felt that way a few times as a child but i can't remember what triggered those thoughts . '