some istjs are very direct , some are not . ask him straight out if he wants to break up . 99 % he will answer this directly and honestly . there is a difference in motivation . an istj will usually do things because he or she sees it as the right thing to do . whether it pleases someone else isn't normally a factor . an isfj is much ... let the ideas and aggressiveness flow . drink lots of coffee before the meeting . then , don't pee ... hold it in . isfjs , do you welcome advice , even if unsolicited ? do you feel obligated to follow advice that is given ? are the two related ... not wanting advice because if offered there is a sense of obligation ... ^ ^ ^ that is one of the coolest things i have read in awhile . i have a german shepherd . he understand me , i understand him . i have noticed this dynamic myself . we are just too dependable and loyal . people rely on us to make up any slack ... and take us for granted . at this stage , i actively watch for this dynamic and ... i work best when i have clear guidelines , do not need to depend on others , and am left alone to get the job done . i am istj ; my girlfriend is isfj . sometimes her emotions flow freer than mine and we aren't in sync . don't take it as a negative as long as you both accept each other's level . we istjs are ... a wingman would help . i think i see the problem . don't take what i am about to say the wrong way . i mean this to be constructive . you've asked for help in several threads . the answers start coming in . some answers ... you are taking her rebellion as a betrayal to your church group and to yourself personally . let that go . that is not what is going on . she is 18 and in college ... iow she can make her own decisions ... it's not an issue unless you are noticeably more clingy than your partner . if so , just dial it back . since he's asked you so many questions , ask him a few - 1 ) what are the specifics of where you see this relationship going ? 2 ) what do you expect of me ? 3 ) what can i expect of you ? 4 ) what are ... the best thing to do is ask him . try to not be confrontational , use as little emotion as possible , and don't put him on the spot . istjs tend to be forthright when asked a direct question . be ... i don't develop feelings first then work around them . before my heart starts to engage , my head does the math . if it approves , my heart proceeds . if not , my head blocks feelings from starting . three things - 1 ) as was said above , find both your love languages and consider it carefully . if her love language is , for example , words of affirmation , and you are constantly saying negative ... it is very easy for me , being istj . i don't give my heart permission to get involved . it is probably not so simple for an infp . i had a hard time receiving gifts when i was younger . i wasn't being intentionally thankless ... i was very uncomfortable with the situations . heck , i would usually have chewed my arm off to get ... luck doesn't exist , but - shit does happen . ;) i have had some little shit , some big shit , and some shit i will never recover from . much of life is just making up your mind that you are going ... sorry ... brainfart . yep . the advice i would give here is the same as his last thread . ^ ^ ^ this was my first thought . also , are there careers performing studies and such where you could use your degree ? talk to him about it . be honest and direct without being confrontational . ^ ^ ^ lol ... the posts above . i was married to an enfp for 19 years . we spent half of the time debating what she inferred from what i said . i love to travel . it's one of the few ways i can let go . i have been to all 50 us states and 30 something countries . in my youth i back-packed around europe three times . breaking stereotypes ... why ? i am me . i don't care if other istjs are like me , or different . what if i told you i am irish and i like to drink ? ooo dude - you are living too much inside your own head . you need to do something outdoorsy ... start hiking , camping , bike riding , something ... btw , stuff just hurts from time to time . yep , and it's much worse than being alone . a few items ; - online dating works . keep trying . some have forums where you can post your profile and have users critique it . - try to hang with women whenever possible . this increases your skills ... be happy for him . it could be worse . i got a motorcycle and started jumping out of airplanes again . # 1 - i would be comfortable meeting friends and family after the time you gave . but ... i would prefer it not be in a big group at a restaurant ... even if most are introverts . i would advise nay to ... they are there . we are 16 % of the population . in the absence of it being spelled out , look for signs . my love language is also quality time . if i love someone , i will make time for them ... even though i am always busy . there really is no substitute for time ... but if he knows your love language ... i view being cool about the same as a dog would view a bowl of raw cauliflower . the instrument has yet to be designed that could accurately measure the depths of my apathy . i am not sure i understand . are you asking if we would see that we are being used ? if that is the question , speaking just for myself ... yes . i recently ended a relationship for that very reason . you are who you are . she is what she is . the way you show love was not what she perceives as being love . some people have needs that many istjs cannot give . look at it this way - if you are a ... we istjs do better in stressful situations when we know what is happening . you should have told him about the issues from your life changing situation so he understood why you got upset so easily . ... i am not sure what you mean by drama , but if an istj sees you as an impediment to getting their work done properly , they will not just let things go . the key to understanding istjs - ask us ... really . go to her and ask for 5 minutes to talk . when you get the time to talk , tell her you think there is friction between you two and ask what you ... same here . communication was difficult , at best . two things - 1 ) you may want to try meetup.com , and attend activities that interest you . build relationships based on mutual interest . 2 ) if you do online dating again , mention your type in your ... i use a pen . well , there was that time i made a list of all the lists i needed . she is controlling you through negative behavior . she is rude and you give her what she wants . generally speaking , you get more or what you encourage and you get less of what you discourage . stop ... first - don't assume . ask him to take an mbti test to know if he is istj or not . second - make your intentions clear . we tend to respect and respond to directness and clarity . it's not that an istj will hold back for the purpose of depriving an enfp . it's that the enfp needs more communication and on a different level than the istj has to give . look at it this way - a ... communicating with an enfp can be draining for an istj ... even with loved ones . for the istj , it seems like the enfp is trying to pull info and emotion out of us . sometimes the istj will resist , ... ^ ^ ^ what niss said , 1 and 2 . in your op you spoke of reactions and clues . additionally , i note you are enfp . istjs and enfps often have a difficult time communicating . it has been my experience that enfps can miss what an ...