'  dear prince charming , you've got some explaining to do ! sincerely , cinderella , snow white , rapunzel , and sleeping beauty  my experience in life is that at first blush , if they do not know me intimately , then they always get it wrong . i'm not flattered by it . and again from experience , virtually all you come into contact ... actually , i'm not the only person to have asked this , or relate two different aspects of examination of personality types . i'm truly interested . a simple search on the net for this typographical ... it was a simple one . just curious actually . it would be kinder to ask , rather than demand . just sayin ' :) i came across an intp a week or so ago , and she stated she thought she was infj after reading what one was , and after 2 dates she went crazy town drama ... go ! no really , go ... away . ( this message ... today has been a very emotive day , and i don't think i have ever spoken about this in public before , but to those who can relate to the video below ... if you watch it ... ... while we are always hardest on ourselves , even if irrational , i have had to come to learn there is no escaping myself . so i have come to peace with who i am , i have to .  since i have to live with myself everyday ... i at least know what to expect i guess . it's not that i don't understand the content and context you bring up here , but if that is the only way in which you wish to interpret it , then you miss my point , and the boundless other expressions ... this actually brought a tear . i won't go into detail why , but i'm sure you may understand ... i despise any job that would include intentionally having to lie to folks , or that would require i take away their livelihood . been there , done that , never to return . i sometimes feel reluctant to share some of my innermost feelings , but i said this to another not so long ago , so i thought i would share it here . to speak of what a heart aches for , especially ... don't feel alone . there are certainly others that feel exactly the same . i don't know if this is appropriate for here , but here goes ... a ) there are three kinds of men . the one that learns by reading . the few who learn by observation . the rest of them have to pee on ... i am definitely a member of p . e . t . a ( people for the eating of tasty animals ) and yes , dairy is good and good for you . sugar , if used correctly is a wonderful thing , and caffeine is a regular ...  from a global perspective , i do notice that this age of social media has only contributed to exacerbate the issue . we so oft treat relationships like mcd's where we pull up to the order window , place ... list of the quick top 3 north country message in a bottle john wick i'm not sure if i was helpful then , but i hope you find some solution that makes you comfortable in the situation . best of luck with it . you're normal . let others deal with it . i cannot speak for others , however , for mine own self , i find great satisfaction in the emotional realm , ( and i'm going to get deeper than my normal public self generally allows ) by giving to the ... dr . james wilson = infj seeing that relationships are two way streets , and the rarity of finding someone in whom the infj finds them accepting them as they are , no matter the perceived baggage , if that same dedication and ... dear pure logic , i hate to bring this up with you , however , things are not always as simple as 2 + 2 = 4 . why must you always boil things down to it's lowest common denominator ? can you not see the ... now that , is typical for my experience as infj . i saw in another post today , and i had to laugh , that another acronym for infj is freak . most just don't understand the depths infj really experience ... i've had to experience enough death and personal loss to last 3 eternities , and has forever conditioned me . however , i do understand what you are saying to a point , and true introverts can be a ... the reassurance part i can always deal with . we need to tell those who we love that we love them often , because they forget ... ( said by a 5 year old during an interview ) however i find it ... when i originally saw this painting , i said to myself , omg ! yes ! it's an oil from 1937 , done by marian curtis , for the wpa and is a shot of the west coast from highway 1 . tell me if this isn't infj ... salt-n-peppa ... mummy did this to me ... no trees were killed in the sending of this message , however , a large number of electrons have terribly inconvenienced . let's all get neuron-ick forget the ego and let the true nature of the compelling willingness to help others guide .. i'm too reserved to speak about this in a public forum . go figure . this just left me really confused ( not really ) simply put , always trust your gut . maybe not vocalize it openly , however ... the late great rich mullins . '