' sry double post ! > . < ok this is going to be my last post . i think you have gone defensive mode on a lot of kind people who have taken their time to reply . i'm not sure if you have taken heed to any of the replies , but ... i agree with the poster above . your latest post screams entitlement . i don't wish to sound so harsh but you have to respect her decision . whatever reasons she has for avoiding you , it's clear she ... i've been playing the awesome stardew valley from steam . love farming games ! your situation somehow feels familiar to me . but in my case , i'm the infj pining for an intj . i know how you feel . when you get your hopes high but it gets dashed everytime . it's a terrible position ... hey everyone , i recently got into a conversation with a male friend of mine who had the impression that most women would scorn at the idea of a lab grown diamond because it's fake . while i ... ring . japanese version . nothing beats watching a long hair woman crawling out of the tv . not even gore . infp this cracked me up . i love durians . to answer op : i feel it to its very core . cry if i need to . shout if i need to ( not at anyone of course ) . its like in the movie inside out , you don't run away ... lay your troubles here for they will be heard counsel shall be rendered to lift you from dirt - the infjness never dies with death . blazy thanks . i'm in my late twenties . my first thought is , i don't want to meet this person in real life . no i don't but that's just me . i always caution against using the word needy to describe anyone . when someone text me asking me what i'm doing , my usual line of thought would go oh , maybe he / she ... how do you guys deal with depression ? do you seek outside help ? or do you ride it out ? i suspect one of my intj friend is depressed . he is so jaded and has rejected society to the point he goes ... hi , i know this is quite sudden . i requested a name change a few days ago but i just realized that my current name is tied to other activities online and i really want to protect my privacy or ... better . i'm learning to accept what's not meant to be may very well be the best thing to happen to me . still hopeful . welcome to the community ! i love huskies ! the country i come from is notorious for hauntings . mainly because so many died during the ww2 japanese occupation . there are are a few beaches that were the massacre sites of thousands of chinese ... enjoy :D just because he doesn't know doesn't make what you do o-k . just because you are having fun only doesn't mean you're not wrong . just because the sexting will never lead to another relationship doesn't ... what helps you make rational decisions when your emotions run so strong ? i usually ride it out . let myself feel them to it's fulllest . in those moments i would feel like i'm flying inside the eye of ... 1 . yes . but more so in the past . i used to emotional eat when i was stressed . i have a fair amount of anxiety issues . nowadays i try alternative methods to deal with it . meditate , taking time out to ... sayakacarys luemb punniez txstats ltkodiak thank you for the detailed replies ! i guess the one thing that really baffled me was the complete change in behaviour online . perhaps he feels more ... not sure if this is the right place to ask this question . i have a male friend whose been consistently testing as an intj but somehow doesn't exactly behave like one ? my gut feeling says there's ... i would like to change my name to lonebreeze . thank you so much ! a state of being ; where there is no more unhealthy attachments , where my self worth isn't tied to validation from outside but from within . sent from my iphone using tapatalk melancholic , oscillating between acceptance and denial . but still a small sense of hope . sent from my iphone using tapatalk life is so strange sometimes . when you want something enough , you never get it . but when you turn your back on it , it creeps up on you and before you know it , what you wanted before is in your hands ... perhaps my tone was too harsh in my post . i am rather frustrated . but it doesn't stem completely from knowing what she doing is wrong ( at least to me ) . i'm scared for her , because things like that ... hello everyone ! i haven't been very active due to work commitments so i just lurk around . several months ago i posted a question about a friend who was emotionally cheating on her husband . the ... for him to take back his words sent from my iphone using tapatalk after going through an emotional rollercoaster earlier this week and coming to a revelation that i may have been mistyped all along . i am just glad the week is ending soon and i can unwind during the ... whether i should change my type display on perc because i've been mistyped xd for the weekend to come quicker ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk i think being yourself just means not to try too hard . go with the flow . but you need to watch what you say of course . normally when someone tries to be someone they're not , its pretty obvious , at ... i'm aiming towards becoming a data scientist . is it too fast or it is not ? should i be spontaneous or should i wait awhile more ? gut tell me something ! i attempted to read that book but couldn't get past the first chapter . coincidentally , it was my entp best friend who introduced the book to me . she has since read it over a few times . whatever's ... if only the rain would stop . i hate having sand particles under my feet . shouldn't have worn that pair of sandals ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk i took the similarminds jungian test and got infj too . but when i take the type test , i get enfp . i think we shouldn't restrict ourselves to type but rather study each function to better understand ... hello everyone ! anyone here from asia or southeast asia and live at these locations ? i'm from singapore and i'm curious about the demographics of this forum . :p roud : stuck in a rut and trying to break out of it i want to have fried chicken but i can't because i'm supposed to eat clean . * cries * i've taken to assuming he's slightly mentally damaged . hah . it might make it easier to swallow his weird inconsistent behaviour . anyway , this has been an extremely enlightening thread . and i think ... i've tried reading stuff from eckhart tolle but that made me just go huh ? . to be honest , i'm not a big fan of self-help books . might be due to the cynical bone in me . i like reading about people's ... i agree discussion is very important . i guess i've been making too many excuses for his behaviour and have not taken the step to confront him . he's very good at what i call silent treatment where ... agreed . i never liked advice given by so called dating professionals . human behavior is so complex , there's never a certainty to antyhing . when we make assumptions , its based on our own perspective ... ' ghosting : ' the 21st - century dating problem everyone talks about , but no one knows how to deal with read this . har ! i've learnt to deal with the message seen but no response thing . sometimes i do that too when i have nothing to say . i try to give the other party the benefit of the doubt . of course if it was a ... that is very true . i find that if there's not enough affirmations i get slightly anxious ? and again my ne just goes on a tangent with all that possible reasons why i'm not getting affirmation . but ... '