' for a few years i believed i was all the awesomeness of an intj . then one day when i was reading all about mbti again , i started finding forums like intjf and perc and people were talking about ni ... emotions aren't that bad and scary . the ability for any type to effectively deal with emotions isn't as innate as you seem to believe , it just comes with practice . given that our mode of feeling is ... it's not controlled by everyone at all . controlling economics relates to buying and selling power , of which most ( or at least a fairly large portion ) of the population have little to none above ... i don't so much get into relationships which have obvious compatibility issues as i used to . for me , from some of the past hurts i've had after so much emotional investment into a person and a ... it will . if you don't walk into the intp trap of thinking that ultimately whatever you do or study is somewhat irrelevant if our entire purpose on this planet in this experience we call ' life ' is to ... wait , isn't that normal ? i guess i do always type as intj in mbti tests , but after understanding cognitive functions and reading the two profiles ( intj and intp ) over with a fine-tooth comb , i ... sounds heavenly ! i would fly from almost exactly the opposite side of the planet for this . ( western australia - at least , i think that's pretty close to the other side of this sphere floating through ... personally i think february 29th would be best . wouldn't want to appreciate and celebrate us too often , think of what would happen to the world ! aww we're nice ! subtly stirring people up and watching them explode isn't that malicious ... and most of the other dark side things are just thoughts we toy with ! * goes and reads this thread to be ... i often think about how i would behave if i didn't strongly believe that treating other people as i would like to be treated is not only an admirable virtue , but essential to the very fabric of a ... i do like my p-ness . :) just ask if she knows about mbti . if she doesn't , tell her how awesome it is and then she will go read up on it and discover she is an intp ( well , maybe she won't if she is a different type ) . once ... since you invited me to - it's y'all , not ya'll . whoa steady on with the encouragement . reading this made me want to top myself , and i'm probably the least depressed i've been for the longest period of time in my entire life . wow , these are good responses ! don't get me wrong - i don't usually dislike eating , and since i do have to eat i would rather eat delicious food than just bland whatever ( unless i'm the one preparing ... i think this entire sub-forum is that thread . most threads you read reflect some aspect of the bigger things of life , such as meaning and purpose and understanding . i think most people in this ... i felt similar when i looked into the enneagram . to me it just felt really subjective and all a bit wishy-washy . compared to mbti ( and especially when i dug a bit further into cognitive function ... do you mostly eat because you have to in order to continue functioning , or because you really enjoy the experience of eating food ? i have been blessed with a ridiculously fast metabolism , which is ... i'd say follow your heart more ... but not in the bored-wasting-time way . you may not be in touch with yourself enough to know what your heart really wants . i didn't for a long time , and that's okay ... well , i've been around that mountain a few times myself . here is what i have learned about myself , hopefully it becomes helpful to you as well : i like people a lot more when i really like myself ... sometimes if i'm deep in an internal conversation , or i'm kind of simulating a discussion that has a high amount of emotion ( a confrontation i need to make , for example ) i will often catch myself ... you think about how you could steal something without getting caught , only to reflect on this line of thinking instantly and decide that as fun as it would be it is generally a poor life choice that ... no wai ! i always used to do this as a kid , but i'm pretty sure i've never told anyone my entire life because they would think i was nuts . also , when i messed it all up or i didn't have time because ... so far i love the thought of dating an enfj . i dated an esfj for about a year , and in the end we just couldn't get the communication to click and see where each other was coming from . i think an enfj ... well my life has not really panned out as i had expected ... i'm not sure what i expected , but not my journey so far . pretty bright in elementary school , put in the classes that are supposed to ... i've personally always thought that the idea of gender equality was flawed . to most people ' equal ' means ' the same ' , but when it comes to gender equality i do not think that it's a great idea to ... well , not having bothered reading any responses to the op , i'll just say yes . yes , in a romantic relationship i suddenly turn to mush and love hugs and back rubs and all that other touchy-feely stuff ... huh , so that's what ni-te looks like . in response : i don't see a point to your post . maybe i missed something ? like a context ? i definitely get surprised responses from people who are leaning on the extroverted side but only see me in small doses , or from other introverts when they find out that i am introverted . i am quite ... i crave having people who are really in my life and i can be open with , even if they don't really ' get me ' . i kind of enjoy crying when things feel hard and my emotions are all locked up . it makes ... internal . definitely internal . i have seen so many people take the that's just how life is approach and come off worse for it . i know that random occurrences can happen in one's life that are ... runnerveran i thoroughly enjoyed your laid out philosophical explanations of various viewpoints regarding intrinsic value . it actually helped me resolve a lot of discord in my personal life , where i ... if a thing has value , does it matter if that value is intrinsic or extrinsic by nature ? if something happens to hold intrinsic value that i see no use or purpose or affection for , and therefore i ... travel . college will indulge your appetite for ideas and mental stimulus . at the end of the day , you will find a way to get this one way or another . travel will challenge your perceptions about ... well , i haven't sifted through all the comments , but i scanned the first page and this didn't come up . the whole stuck in the past thing i have definitely experienced . sometimes i am just done , and ... best . sister . ever . wow , this is really good . it sounds obvious , and i've even had that mindset in the past , but i needed a good reminder to not be so automatically bitter and reserved towards people . thanks . :) ... in my opinion , doing something that serves customers is not such a bad idea . you don't have to have all the answers , since there are others around who you can ask . also , you'll improve your ... i would go insane . i can spend hours and hours of every single day with a so , but other communication back and forth is just draining to me . my last relationship ended almost entirely because we went ... my two cents - i think you're being typically intp in wanting to have all options considered and everything straightened out before saying anything at all . i think you just need to let her know ... i think this might be a good list to help extroverts accept that it's okay that introverts are different in certain respects . it may help them to interact with someone who is an introvert , and it may ... i was wondering today - where did the idea that everyone should have a right to medical care come from ? we seem to be ( on average ) the longest-living society in any history of at least the last ... i would venture to say that the reason your intp made you feel so unimportant in his life is probably because he did not know how to make you feel important . what is important to him and what is ... sorry , that was meant to be for i'm not sure what happened there ... this is quite a valid point . ^ _ ^ on a serious note though , and just sharing from personal experience , kicking the gaming habit and the friends i had who encouraged me to stay stuck to video games ... i'm not sure i have ever had the chance to meet or get to know another intp . i know one or two intj's , an istp's and an infp . i feel like i've met plenty of people who i love to discuss ideas with ... as a ti-dom , i like when things seem most efficient for a given purpose . for example , i would drive home not just down the same streets every day , but in certain lanes because of how i know the ... i was actually struck by this idea myself last week as a next step . i figure it wouldn't pay too bad , and would give me autonomy in my work . do you have many staff ? do you find the return on the time ... true vulnerability , in the sense that one is figuratively able to live boldly with their heart on their sleeve . people who have spent such time and dedication to something that they have mastered ... well , i'm just going to throw in my two cents - take it or leave it . as a teenager i always thought that i coped fine with life and school and home and all the stuff that usually happens to a kid ... '