' how do you stave off exhaustion ? donny sonny bunny hunny funky thunk thine swine sling stink skank spunk slunk plank splat enfj spare i thought you didnt have to vorry about cross species pregnancies flaws the stuff i'm talking about is instantaneous . you've really never heard of it ? it notifies me of yours . don't worry you've succeeded a few times with me . : tongue : actually i'm english , irish , scottish , german , cherokee , and italian so uh yeah ... i kind of meant thick oily ... i corrected as soon as i did . sorry . 718826 am i seriously the only one here who knows about her ? sorry , didn't see earlier post . should i just spill it ? please help her out darkbarlow . i can't give anything else . no . what do alan rickman and a-ha have to do with miley cyrus ? she's from canada . gomez addams . you could have put a picture of zorak for fester . miles tails prower sonic is the hedgehog . no but good try . what is that fox's name ? uncontrollable diarrhea . lasts for several hours . you try fighting like that . or we can make the get smart nude bomb a reality . samantha fox ? [ / quote ] nope its alweys nice 2 be told this : yur a ideot . can't we just agree that politics are bs and that it's weird how the parties support in those groups keep changing . a lot of proud myopics around here apparently . it's normal . anyone who isn't normal is a loser , natch . all actual introverts apparently ... remember george carlin : it's all bullshit , folks and it's bad for you . hint she's a singer . now that's too cool . my great grandpa was a cobbler . i want to learn that trade for fun . my middle name is rocco , after him ( you may call me that if you wish ) . homemade sauce is the best ! we put ... like how ? tell me . - _ - impress me . [ / quote ] nerve gas that relaxes the bowels , then come in and put a round in whoever . yes they are . from naples to be precise . i'd love to visit there someday , but i'm stuck in florida for now sadly . we make homemade ravioli and pizza still though . do you still do anything like that ? ... excellent taste . mine is italian too ! i just get called cappuccino . good at math ? ! that's the only one i did well in ... i do love role playing , many things ( a priest told me i should be an actor , ... i might be cynical but i believe it can change . we shouldn't have to change when they are the ones in the wrong . we need education systems that promote honesty , integrity , thinking , and ... so what kind of 70s do you like ? aussie accents are just so endearing . that sounds like fun , except for the class part ... my username : max is after my old corgi . count von likenhoffer is from a hs ... their r far mor ways of doin that efficintly or we start a new country . i already have the basics laid out . it will run efficiently and justly . so it isn't a thread to help keep us from killing most of the y and z generations ? reading , listening to 70s and 80s music , and resting after a very long workday . so what are you doing on this lovely night goldie ? i must agree that you are quite magical . thank you , that was a truly inspiring rendition . i was only mostly dead ... i got better : nevreness : im like totes like realy like super like exsited like for like this like ya aw , you killed it . bring me to life ? '