' you're standing in line at your local supermarket , and some teen cuts in front of you . what would you think inwardly ? do outwardly ? i would be completely irritated but i wouldn't say anything and ... based on this i would lean more towards infp . do you relate more to descriptions of dominant ti or fi ? what about inferior fe and te ? i find this to be a good resource masterpost : ... my initial thought was intp but then it morphed to more of an isfp / infp vibe later on . i have read that ne can cause people to have a harder time finding their type because they can see so many ... my husband is an isfp . it is a good match for us . we both prioritize family time and enjoy spending a lot of time together . i am the planner and the idea person . he is the person who actually ... it really depends on the person . i have known fun , positive entps and i have also known negative entps that try to provoke and get a rise out of everyone . i personally don't like it when someone ... i'm assertive with people i know well . i'm too afraid to speak up when i'm with people i am not comfortable with . i am very sentimental and i hate to part with anything . i still feel regret about some of my old clothes that i gave away last time we moved . this is an interesting question . i prefer getting news via text or email because then i can absorb it and process how i feel about it before having to respond . i inadvertently offended someone ... i type as n whenever i take the traditional tests but reading about the functions i strongly relate to si-dom and inferior ne . probably in that atmosphere i would put infj on my door because most ... i took the test for a class in college and got istj . now i always test as infj . learning about the functions i realized i relate to si-dom a lot so i claimed isfj . there is actually a lot ... your personality type is : advocate ( infj-a ) i always score infj on traditional mbti tests but i relate more to si-ne than ni-se once the functions are included . i have seen sansa typed as a few different types : isfj , isfp and esfp . her portrayal in the book and the show are a bit different so i'm not sure which one i agree with . what aspects of her do you ... on a different thread i just did a guess your type based on the 5 fictional characters you relate to . mine were : 1 . monica from friends 2 . rory from gilmore girls 3 . willow from buffy 4 . ... i would guess infp for you based on the crushes my characters that i relate to : 1 . monica from friends 569642 2 . rory from gilmore girls i spend a lot of time daydreaming too . i think that is a common introvert trait . we can pull within ourselves and get great entertainment from our inner worlds . i think wanting to be admired ... my maternal grandparents i would guess are estj ( gramma ) and exfp ( grandpa ) no idea for the other set . my mom is esfj . my dad is intp . i am isfj and my brother is entp . strangely , people have ... infj . fun test ! thank you . that is very helpful . i think i will have to look into istj more . socionics has subtypes so an entj could be a te subtype or an ni subtype . i'm not sure if mbti has that though . as a mother of 4 i completely relate to isfj descriptions now . before having children though i don't think i had a lot of fe at all which makes me wonder if i should look more at istj . do you think ... my score : 19 1 . i am easily overwhelmed by strong sensory input . 2 . i seem to be aware of subtleties in my environment . 3 . other peoplex 92s moods affect me . 4 . i tend to be very sensitive to ... best : sfps or nfjs worst : ntjs or estp isfj - reading all types of fiction books , reading non-fiction history and geography books , hiking , camping , swimming , watching tv , yoga , crocheting , starting moocs and then not finishing them i have a hard time with this because i don't think gifts are that important so it is hard for me to put much effort into giving them . i could see an immature isfj being prone to being gullible especially if ti hasn't been developed much . i don't necessarily think that is the norm for isfjs though . i think isfjs could be ... i think the combination of si and fe can make someone very good at reading people . si will notice the details and fe will use their understanding of people's feelings to get a good idea of what is ... i usually test as phlegmatic in 1st place but the other 3 are closely scored so i'm not sure what my 2nd would be . i really don't like the way the types are grouped . i agree with zen about grouping them as sf and sts . i don't think esjs are rude though . i think you have just come across an immature person ... i think isfps are great and i do admire their creativity and adventurous nature . i love being a j though so no . yes most people underestimate my intelligence and capabilities . i frequently get mistaken for a teenager even though i am double that age so people are surprised when they get to know me . gender : male age : 19-29 intelligence : gifted openness : conservative mbti personality profile : isfj closest alternative we found : isfp i am witty and fun . i enjoy intellectual pursuits . i care for others but not to the point of being a doormat . i like trying new things that make sense . i have no interest in gossip . my memory ... interesting analysis . i shuddered about kim and kanye being isfjs lol . i think compatibility is pretty complex . it was fun reading this breakdown . very true . i have always thought it odd that coming up with realistic ideas that can be used in real life is considered shallow while coming up with wild and crazy ideas that are impossible to ... isfj - ravenclaw - thunderbird i definitely believe that it is never too late to change your life path and pursue a new passion . i do go through phases where i fantasize about ways my life could be different if i had made ... maybe this is an inferior ne thing that can be developed ? i do prefer to focus on one thing at a time if it is possible but i have also learned multitasking skills since i am now a mother and many ... my daughter may be an entj but she is a bit young to type for sure . i love her confidence and leadership skills . i am an sj with an nt parent ( my dad is an intp ) i hated how he was constantly ... energetic 52 % expressive 64 % private 88 % joyful 92 % friendly 60 % solitary 72 % imaginative 56 % conceptual 68 % traditional 60 % insightful 96 % i took it once and got intj which made me burst out laughing so i took it again and got isfp so closer anyway . i make a weekly meal plan first . i figure out a grocery list based on that . i keep all of my past grocery receipts so then i estimate how much the trip is going to cost and adjust the list if ... i have always longed to be an early bird but i struggle to get out of bed even if i go to bed early . i voted night owl because i used to be that before children . i really related to more in-depth descriptions of si and fe . reading some of the isfj profiles i didn't necessarily find myself because some of them only seem to be focus on being traditional , ... isfj . i got the executive . executives tend to be people of vision . they consider their own ideas as carefully as they consider ideas that others put before them , and they're adept at organizing ... sorry about replying to each post individually but i hope to hit 15 soon so i can see signatures :) thanks i will check out those links :) thanks ! thanks ! thanks ! i have a soft spot for huskies . thank you ! '