' i don't necessarily like reading for the sake of reading , but read to acquire knowledge on a particular topic . i rarely read fiction unless it has some kind of cultural significance or if there is a ... i thought that parallels you found with the emperors new clothes and religion was an interesting one . i do think people should at least be open to the possibility of a god and everything really . i ... i found a new favorite metaphor . i like spiders too and usually don't kill them either . i found a black widow the other day and picked it up ( with gloves ) for closer examination . like oj with more style . early bronco intp guys are only smart with things outside of relationships . that's why i appreciate the input . i met an istp female in my class a few weeks ago . we have similar interests and have gone out to lunch a few times . she starts conversations with me , sits right next to me in class even thought there ... i would say that in general infp's are often seen as weak due to their emotional nature . i also think that caring for others and empathy are all viewed by society as weaknesses in general . i ... before college i never received very good grades . this was mainly due to the fact that i was bored and didn't understand why the classes were beneficial to me . i rarely did homework and the only ... sister it is probably time to start making your own story and acting out scenes from the book in real life . i was in a relationship with an isfp for several years . it was alright for me but she was a lot more emotional than i prefer . the sex made up for that though . she eventually broke up with me because ... sometimes you've just gotta go for it . if she doesn't reciprocate , she's probably not into you . don't put on an act , don't try and guess her motives or whatever - you both have inferior fe so if you ... i love infp's . i think it is amazing how deeply you guys can feel . you're an inspiration to me . i think my infp friend has helped me grow emotionally more than any other person i know . i rarely initiate getting together with friends so if i even noticed i wouldn't mind much . thanks for all the suggestions . not labelling the relationship seems pretty clear from what you're saying . it does sound like some of the istp's prefer to have someone come out and say that the other ... that makes since . i appreciate my space and autonomy as well which has led to conflict in past relationships with more extroverted feeler types . why do istp's freak out if sex or a title is initiated too quickly ? is this due to the idea that they may lose their freedom because the other person is moving way to quickly ? thanks for all the ... as far as titles and stuff go do you just suggest avoiding the topic until the istp brings it up ? as an intp i prefer for people to just come out and say how they feel . i would imagine istp's are the same but wasn't sure . does anyone have any input into how istp's generally like to have a relationship established ? i have an infp friend and she hates when people ask her on a date because she feels that by giving it a ... i appreciate the information . istp seems like a good fit for intp because of the autonomy and ability to understand ti use . i do think the similarities could become a problem potentially but this is ... i met an istp on campus the other day and we hit it off well . she seemed shy initially but we had a lot of the same interests ( photography and mbti ) . i asked if she wanted to grab lunch and she ... i have done some research on people before . i don't think it is all that creepy either ( which may make me more of a creep ) . it would be similar to someone getting upset or creeped out that you read ... if part of the issue is having a problem talking to him about personal stuff just tell him you would like to talk to him when he gets a chance . the curiosity of what you are going to say will ... my brother is intj and i'm an intp and if i felt comfortable enough to open up and say i wanted a relationship that was more than platonic and didn't get a clear response from the other person i ... i don't really like to watch sports much but i have done mma and kickboxing for over 10 years and like playing sports . this is so hard to type right now , i just painted my nails . sounds like the vibrations did it to me . i think the law of attraction and many of the various religions of the world give people some sort of hope , but without action i don't really think you would ... the law of attraction is the name given to the belief that like attracts like and that by focusing on positive or negative thoughts , one can bring about positive or negative results . this belief is ... i watched a movie tonight called the secret , which is about the law of attraction . i am curious to know what your views are on this topic . do you believe in the law of attraction and if so what ... when i talk on the phone i pace constantly . also if a family member tries to kiss me i always tilt my head down so they have to kiss the top of my head . i really don't like being kissed . most of the friends i have made are by accident . sorry i can't help but good luck . they're on to us . you sound like my ex-girlfriends . i have some experience with both the giving and receiving of either intentional or unintentional comments . i can't speak for all others but for me personally have never , and would never intentionally ... to the outside observer i probably don't seem to caring , and the few things i do care about are probably different than what most people would care about . personally i feel like i am either overly ... well the first thing i would say is don't do anything that your uncomfortable with . as far as technique if you do want to try anal . i would suggest that you go slow and use plenty of lube . it is ... the best romantic type for infps are intps . i may be a little bias though since i love infps . i get really uncomfortable when people or even family touch me , but when i'm with a significant other i enjoy it . i would even consider myself cuddly . i'm guessing intp from what you described but it's hard to tell from this . good luck . i like playing devil's advocate to see how people came to their conclusion or to learn more about them rather than whatever topic we are debating . even when i agree with them i still debate topics ... 6 ' 4 220 i'm intp and i love infp's . they seem to be on the same page when we communicate but offer a new perspective that i often overlook . i have a lot of respect for them i would just rent a movie and eat dinner by myself . inviting people sounds like too much work . if i was in your position and my significant other wanted to go back to church i think you should be supportive of it if it's something that is important to him . i do think you have valid concerns ... i thought serial killers poisoned people's cereal . sorry for your loss . i don't know if it has that much to do with mbti though . i have worked as a paramedic for over 8 years and during that time have known 8 people that i worked with that have ... also i argue constantly with people even if i agree with them just to learn their reasoning for their beliefs . i don't personally consider this a reason i suck because it makes conversations more ... i don't know why but i think it's funny that you felt the need to edit your post and apologize for being too blunt . if the rest of the world feels like it is necessary to be polite and tactful then ... '