after some consideration , i felt like i should come back on here and give my full support to your dream . who am i to tell anyone what they can and shouldn't do ? i keep forgetting that the ultimate ... only want to point a couple things out , so please don't take any of this as an attack . an idea like this is actually easier to do than you expect . christianity has been performing these same things ... i'll keep this a short and simple post . positives : i am myself , all needs i shall fill , negative : myself am not i i have worked a quite a few crap jobs in my life and have had the enjoyment of meeting many different bosses . i have met many jobs where some form of favoritism exists , in some particular form or ... there is no need to thank your lords and masters . now get back to work on my damn temple . you slaves are the slowest , laziest monkeys i have ever met . your lord and master , thelordlyone i just need to say , wow , just wow . of course an entj is going to seem emotionally handicapped compared to an enfj , who has dominant fe . i'm just going to be blunt , but you are have flown completely ... maybe you could still use the reference but express that it is all simply a projection that really doesn't exist inside yourself , but exists inside the psyche of the professor . hell , you could even ... i just needed to chime in real fast , to clarify somethings about socionics . isfp-entj are the conflicting relationship and not the isfj . is not really wrong in what he stated , but forgot ... i don't know , man . how can you get that bionic leg you've been wanting for your whole life , unless you shot yourself in the foot first . maybe i'm just a bit more eccentric than you other entj's and ... i may be an entj but over the years i have come to grow tired of leading everything , all the time . it slowly gets to you after a while when your having to not only do your job but come to fix ... so i have been taking the time to seriously ponder over those questions that haunt everyone in their early 20 ' s . how do i fit in ? where am i going ? why am i ? those existential questions that pop ... this is exactly me when i drive . playing loud , personally emotional music while hanging my arm out of the window gives me a sense of peace and contentedness in my life . it feels as if my mind is ... any other entp's experience something similar the first couple highs ? i just remember laying on my floor and staring at my popcorn ceiling and slowly started to notice a pattern of shapes , of ... please , for your own sake , really examine socionics . you'll realize they are two completely different systems of theory . uses different lettering scheme for typing and only use the 4 letters for ... when learning this mbti stuff , i always had this annoyance with isfj's ( sorry but will be using isfp for the rest of this post ) . it only came from the inherent bias that mbti perpetuates . ... yah see , i don't see it as us making friends that easily but that every mother f $ # $ er is just way to damn clingy and needy and somehow they just smell us out . i try with all of my might to project ... i am just really darn curious if anyone that could type themselves as entp have made mention of this or if this is more preferred in other types . also , if the only reason you are kicking your ... i definitely understand and feel you on not being able to feel satisfied when following a desire . growing up , i remember most adults i met and interacted with always remarked on how mature i was for ... i always hated school in my life , expectually high school , and was one of those that didn't need to try at any of it to show my intelligence . i always had teachers praise me for how smart i was or ... i grow tired of feeling like i am talking like a jedi so when i am talking about you normal self i will refer it as the ego and for the dark side it will be dub the anti-ego . just letting everyone ... i have come to enjoy ( i'm crazy , so sue me ) these times when the pendulum inside myself has become off-balanced and my more primal and darker side starts showing its ugly head . i find exercising only ... oddly enough i just replied to a p . m . that made a very similar argument . it comes from that gap that functions cause when not used in complement to support and reinforce each other . just thought it ... sadly , sometimes i miss those blasted thoughts . i am pretty morbid , i know , but not thinking of suicide is worst , i feel . suicide is what helped me get myself out of the mind state that i would be ... i remember feeling that emptiness that comes with no religious / spiritual beliefs . i became an athiest when i was in like 6 grade or so . i remember just doing it to follow in the steps my sister ... that disconnect is simply the push and pull effect that fe and ti have with each other . fe gives us infj's that feeling of wanting to please the most amount of people we can and to ignore what ... you did the right thing , just brushing it off . clearly she sees you as some sort of threat to her and tend to just take these kinds of matters lightly and try and see it as more a compliment than ... i have come to realize , even though i still struggle with it , is how can you love another person when you can't love yourself first ? how are you able to come to understand and know what love feels ... i had a huge post written out and accidentally click a link and lose it all so i will just be giving you guys the short of it , since i don't want to rewrite everything i just lost . 1 ) must be ... man , only 10 things ? i don't think that is near enough bullet points to fully express what all of us really want . i guess i'll give it a try . 1 ) the most important thing we want others to ... i remember having this exact same problem in my late teens early 20 ' s . i would try and create elaborate events that had variety or mass appeal to attract others to come . they would always fail and ... this thread has just opened my eyes up about myself all infj's in particular . we are so motive seeking in our own ego that even when someone is actually trying to help cheer us up and build a little ... at some point in an our miserable infj lives , we must come to accept that we love being in the spot light . even though we may be introverts , it is that fe that really drives us and our feelings in ... it is not a book but i have found the television show wilfred to be entirely dedicated to informing infj's of all their hidden problems they don't know about . when i watch that show something just ... how else are you suppose to develop as an individual than ? everything in life is a learning lesson . i have held numerous customer service jobs ( about to get a new sales job and never done sales ... neither ! i think both spectrum's of the p & j dichotomy are interesting as long as they are written well . nothing can save crap writing from being crap and i think this is were this kind of topic will go . i ... hippy infj type here and love all drugs equally , except heroin . i always found i had to do a drug multiple times before i would actually get high off of it . i analyze myself to much and when i try ... train has been derailed ! ! ! i will admit that this thread may have not been the best idea . or , none of us really even cares about those blasted estp's . i don't know i'll let you guys get ... because your not actually showing any kind of sign that maybe he should stop . he probably thinks that since your laughing back that your not offended by any of it . almost sounds like he could be a ... is that how we come off to you guys ? i always wondered what estp's saw in their duals . i really appreciate that anytime i meet an estp guy they always come up to me and shake my hand . you guys are ... their is an estp girl i know in real life that i have known for a couple years now . she is probably one of the first girls i ran in to that i had an instant liking to . i get a fancy for any women ... it is always different depending on who i talk to where they consider infj's perceivers or judgers . it almost creates two different infj types depending on how you answer . those who consider ... if i was an intj in your shoes the next time anyone of them touch me or anything on me i would grab a limb and start applying pressure . just enough so that pain will show on his face and he will ... really i am just glad that i really understand myself so i could stop myself from projecting on to you . i always did have a sense that w infj's have this odd style of writing that is a little more ... why does this seem like your taking what i say so personally ? do we always come off like this when we fell like where being attacked ? it does help put some old experiences in a new light . i think ... i have always gotten impressions that type is somehow set at birth but i am not trying to use genetics to explain it . now this is my infj craziness talking but types seem more metaphysical by nature ... you guys are amazing people . i love hanging around you guys since you make me actually use my se in meaningful ways . you guys are also the nicest set of people i could hope to meet . always helping ... i remember years ago , during high school , i would have these repeating thoughts in my head that i just felt empty on the inside . almost as if i never had a heart at all . it was a painful time in ... i had most of those problems when i was in high school . would do silly things to public property or just be a mega asshole . i think that kind of frustration happens to most in teenage ... se has been many things to me in my life . i remember pushing it away so i could stay in ni dreamland . so may day dreams as a child and all of them came from ignoring the se perception . as i have ...