' mentally wrap it up , put it in a box and leave it in the past . move on to the next project . :D i keep a small , but diverse group of friends . the intp , intj , infj are my favorites . also close with an entp , istj and infp . very choosy about who i let into my inner circle , but the few that make ... curious , thanks for your thoughts . i was intp ( high school ) > intj ( college ) > entp ( post-grad ) . i believed that my cognitive preferences were ne-ti , but having just taken a test to confirm it , i'm ... become more independent , and less needy of assurance . your ideas are great ! just follow through without needing pat on the back every 5 minutes . hello entp brethren / comrades . after typing as intj throughout my college years , and intp in high school , i feel that i've finally discovered another part of myself that really makes me feel ... whole ... this describes my relationship with an infp guy to a t ! i also eat a plant-based diet , low-carb , modified paleo , decent amount of lean protein ( i try to do cardio / body weight exercise 2-3 x a week ) . love my eggs and almond milk . green smoothies once or ... i dated an infp . while i appreciate the empathy and the fact that they're so willing to hear what's on our mind , they seriously have trouble with the i need my space thing . not all are like this , ... infjs , istjs , entps , intps , and infps . sometimes i also click well with esfps , on the rare occasion that we're mutually amused by each other's company . i explain to them why i'm not able to extend the friendship , and leave it at that . miss them , realize i miss them , decide if making contact is worth it , move on to bigger things . i supplement if i feel my immune system taking a dip . i'll take a multivitamin and bolster with some probiotics . usually though , i prefer to stay away from meds as much as possible . i pay extra ... you're not alone ! i notice trends , but don't always have time to follow them . i tend to stick with the essentials and classic pieces with a pop of colour . if you have a fashion blog , please share ! i ... 22 problems all people with resting bitchface will understand i ’ m not mad , but my face is . i'm a 3w4 intj sx / so and am quite positive my infj friend is 4w3 . we're on the same frequency . threes are self-assured , attractive , and charming . ambitious , competent , and energetic , they can ... am i the only intj who considers micronutrient profiles when eating ? absolutely . we give fair warning about our triggers , but once that line is crossed we can very easily close the door . 2 . anymore than that , like 4ish is entering dangerous territory . hence my ex-infp significant other , who could not seem to respect my need for alone time to recharge . ... mildly attractive and a little bit awkward . re : sponges try living with housemates who leave it soaked and face-down on the sink counter ? it's nasty . maybe an ocd , but i like to rinse it in hot water , wring it out before adding dish soap . i ... hi freebirdfood , did you know mit publishes all it's courses online ? ... for free ? i'm no software engineer , but i'm willing to bet you'll find some interesting topics on there . mit opencourseware ... thank you for your thoughtful response ! perhaps a review of cognitive functions is in order ; i've overlooked this in my efforts to organize behavior . there's just something appealing about the neat ... another intj raised in a catholic home here . i switched to agnosticism purely because some of my personal efforts were often credited to the work of god . prayer was the solution for unanswered or ... so it's been a few years since i've known my type ; a good year or so since i've started exploring meyers-briggs in depth . call it maturity , an enlightened fe , or a less edgy j , but i felt like i've ... rule number 1 : do not smother her . let her come to you . if she likes you , you'll know . rule number 2 : keep up with your own hobbies and interests . share this with her if she cares to explore them ... try vipassana . really , it works . i attempted meditation before and failed miserably . i just feel like i had to be in the right state of mind and at peace with my surroundings for the process to take ... oh no , it does . for the most part i feel like social customs and public expectations do a decent job of taming fe folk . but when their feelings come , it arrives in a gushing , seemingly potent ... my fi has blossomed quite recently , and i'm finding it rather delightful being able to use it and interact with other fe users . feels less alien being in a crowd where fe is the dominant function ... yes , them . our polar opposites on the mbti spectrum . do you look forward to seeing them ? interacting with them ? i know we are introverts , but human contact is inevitable . as a fledgling intj i ... did you ever attend , apply , or drop out from an ivy league ? just curious . personally , i was aware of my own shortcomings as a student but submitted an app to stanford anyway . i'm still fortunate ... future husband would probably appreciate this : 5 benefits of having a smart and successful wife | post grad problems a well prepared meal . rain . being on a warm beach . really good music . aesthetics & design . having dynamic conversations with people who can keep up with me . watching athletes perform at their ... if you want to keep him as a friend , respect his wishes . intps are brilliant , but they can often jump from one idea to the next , resulting in classic analysis-paralysis rather than taking ... i've been trying to get in touch with my inner fe ... and pinch me , it actually happened . my subconscious ran on nf over my usual nt tonight . it's scary . i feel like i've no control in that my ... stage 5 , baby ! : cool : infj and entp pour moi . tjs are some of the most straightforward , no-bull people i know . even the introverted ones will speak their minds if asked to . i love my infj friends . have you ever seen / heard of an animal that has both turtle-like defense , with unintentional abilities to inflict pain at people's cores ? nfjs are master maipulators of ... so accurate . ... if i intern with a butcher , i'll become really adept at identifying and preparing cuts of meat . also do intj males participate in the rituals of bromance ? i wonder what would happen if you handed the keys to a shop full of power tools to a male intj ? part of me wants to say that they'd use the space to advance their current projects , with the ... i'm curious , do any nts here find yoga or meditation useful for clearing your thoughts ? i've tried plain ol meditation and found it more irritating than helpful . a quiet hike in the outdoors has ... please thank your partner in my behalf , for sharing their lucid observations . i've always felt trapped by the way my mind works ... my enfj friend who is drawn to crowds , once asked if i suffered from ... helen from bridesmaids .  ... took the 144q practice test this morning and scored with 92 % accuracy . licensing exam tomorrow , here i come ! ( i didn't cram for this one ) lol , i always enjoy reading your posts . mine is the same way , sans the lecturing and journalist part . i have just three nuggets of advice for the undecided : 1 ) explore . delve into and learn the inner workings of a niche environment you enjoy . you may discover something novel in the process . bonus : ... allow me to echo that ! i too , am physiology junkie . neuroscience , immunology , cell bio , genetics ... i'll vouch for diseases too , ha . i'm quite adept at linguistics which makes the medical lingo all ... perfect . <3 intj female here ; is arrogance a dealbreaker for you ladies ? '