i guess he's just preparing for wwiii , which will start with the whole country tryna hunt him down :P the jets arent for us , they are for him :P i signed a petition to get him out , probs wont ... oh goodness yes ... and the list doesn't end there :P not looking forward to waiting another 2 years before we can do anything about it .. he can do a lot of damage in that time .. :/ hahah i love it . thanks for the way you demonstrated the equation . i appreciate how friendly intp's are about their information . at least the ones i know so far :p without the intj arrogance like ... so .. just to test my infp maths with some intps :p x = subjectivity . x + data = attractiveness ? :p im probs just being silly . i get your point =] but this all does sound very similar to ... would you not say that attractiveness is equal to the sum of the raw physical data ? its not like they are totally separate . both coming up with a theory to something important right ? :p girlfriend said intps are all about the theories :p its the thought that counts right ? ;) so long as your trying :p dont think that matters to girls , she still wont believe you ;) i think it takes trust and for them to close to you for them to consider your opinion . hmm .. how does this impact you ? what does it look like ? how do you use it ? hah ye i think thats certainly an infp thing . do you feel that putting it on paper helps you ? do you have a need to ... hmm .. i think this is what i was getting at in a way , well also the rest of your post . because even with in my own creativity of generating ideas , theres still forks in the ability , and the way its ... oh goodness :P read this out to my intp girlfriend , she loved it :P she certainly agreed ;) ohhh ... :P i get it now :P ;) hah ahk , its good that its working for you =] hah whys that ? i have no idea what connection it has to her ? its just a habit of mine , and i figure its not bad enough to break . its just kinda ... well you certainly seem to have a way with words there ;) how does this impact others ? do they see this wealth within your mind and experiences ? does this overflow to them ? or is it more of ... wow thats pretty cool , your lucky to have such a tight grasp on your own mind to make it work like that . i often feel i dont have control of my own mind , and it just creates whatever it wants to . i ... mmm totally .. i can totally understand the burnout . i really like your passion for being an instrument of creativity . not just self expression or ' having fun ' but being able to actually ' show ... hha whys that ? what is it about it that interests you ? is it about the challenge as a motivational speaker ? hah ok , well all have many different aspects as a part of us =] indeed .. i hardly ... sai ! ! ! :P hha how do you use this ability in your life ? can you see it demonstrated in different areas ? you talked about your ability to push yourself for a purpose of getting things done in a time frame etc .. would this be some kind of inner strength of yours ? in that case i feel weak , and unable ... that's sort of what i talked about in my example . i'm still discovering what this means for me though , and what it's capabilities and potentials are . what does it look like for you ? of course this was written by a 4 :P i don't feel any particular need to actively ' be me ' however , as a type 2 . my worth comes from others in a way . so i generally try to talk to people and ... hey arwen 7 i actually just created a post on the same thing :P i've been wondering about what it means to be creative . i talked about myself being a content generator . i come up with lots of ... hey guys , going though the continual infp journey of self discovery , and i was wondering about infp creativity and what that looks like for you . every description or icon / picture i've seen ... hah mine too i suppose :P possibly all n's ? :P or is that just me being silly . hah i really should .. when i dont have work due :P i tend to be worried about the wording of those things , making ... had to google that one .. well that was enlightening :P the biggest issue i've found is when someone ignores these values or treats them with disrespect . i enjoy it when someone actually listens to ... oh noes .. you got me :/ e . g i am rarely angry btw , like ever ... i once thought i heard a close friend say a swear word ( hate them ) i got really angry and they got really scared . ( to the point of ... do you believe this would extend ( due to type 2 ) to my close friends . e . g my fi has strong internal values , 2w1 says my close friends has to stick to those values ( of perceived perfection ) or i ... hah oh it does ... can you explain a bit further exactly what you mean ? ( havent researched wings that much , or other types ;) ) i have a few thoughts that could relate to it , but i want to make ... bethdeth & slightlyeccentric ahh too much to reply to guys ! im meant to be doing my homeworks .. :( stop being interesting guys ! :P just gonna combine some short replys here sorry :P heh i ... hmmm .. i did like that thankyou ! i think he says feelings or public feelings , even talking about them is rejected and uncomfortable . i always keep the character of dr . house in mind for intj's :P ... hah depends what the topic is i suppose ? to people , pretty much . my best friend is intp . my brother typed as intp , but friend thinks he's an intj . whats your experiences with these types and ... goodness .. :P i would totally love to open up my type description and see that . : sad : feelings ! love ! relationships ! my favourite ;) oh dear , you one of the people who hurts our feelings really easily ? ;) ( infp ) oh noes ! what happened ? maby it might =] dont give up on us =] of course you will ! why have you not done this already ? :P pre sure melbourne got the most liveable city in the world , sooo bi winning :P ooo what about if we had another poll for mbti types ... victoria is still winning ! cause thats where all the winners are :D i have a female friend who is intp with high fe , with me being an infp we work strangely well together :P even though the roles are swapped , what are your thoughts on the j vs p :P we infp's are ... well im an infp and have been in a relationship with an intp for a while now , we work super well together =] previously in my relationships ( friends ) , i have found none can handle the way i work and ... i think after testing as type 2 and just reading on how they interacting with others , enneagram doing what it does explaining why exactly some things are the way they are with my personality e . g a ... hi there miss narwhalcupcake :P i figured i should come say hi after seeing it here ;) 1 . how are you ? hmm .. errmm .. ok ? that good enough ? :p 2 . your type ? im an infp =] 3 . mood right ... heh i hope so too , not that you massively care .. but , we work really well together and help each other with our weaknesses . basically everything natural says it's gonna work .. even if we live in ... i know i know .. ive seen you say that elsewhere , but im an infp ( emotional ) and type 2 ( the helper ) i cant help but have compassion for you :P theres nothing you can do about it ! ;) plus with you ... soo .. hey there :P i've been reading a few of your posts ( and your sad story ) i kind of felt like i needed to say hi . you seem really nice , so i hope your doing ok =] i haven't been on ... theres a secret club ? i suppose it makes sense that i know nothing about it ey ? :P i'm interested if theres anyone from where i live , as i've met up with someone from the infp facebook group ... ah that makes sense i guess . i've never seen this place be inactive :P but ok .. heh well ... as like an introduction thread is this really the place to talk about stuff ? do you guys mean just here specifically ? i'm happy to post stuff and get some kind of conversation going :P well im sure talking to you isnt completely over :P so its still nice to talk ;) just fyi and for others here , just not feeling the best .. i might get around to giving people replies sometime ... i agree , id probably rather talk about the billions of own thoughts i have . not always my choice what to talk about though :p well ... i think making the assumption of warm hearted can be a bit much ... thanks for saying everything i thought and felt for me . im just going to say i agree with you 100 % about everything and be done with it :P edit : unnursvana just wanted to mention i dont really ... dancing .. no thank you .