' hey , just moved to montreal . yuuup , you were right haha ... just lost patience . yup pretty sure i botched it :/ oh oh , question , what's a good first date for intj , coffee , walk , ted talks lol ? really , that simple , i'm afraid to scare her off ahahah , i've been looking to meet an intj for so long i feel as if i'm approaching a skittish leprechaun riding a white buffalo . omg so i found an intj that seems dateable and i'm chatting with her online . it's like pulling teeth trying to spark a fluid conversation : angry : we just started talking so i don't know , is she ... interesting , what do you mean by stamina , like my fully on personality ? just to see what it'd be like . most women just don't hold my attention very long . it's me who has the problem honestly . funny , i actually signed up for a dating website to search in montreal ... i mean , i could go skulking around various labs and universities but , something tells me that won't go over too smoothly . i searched 2 major dating sites a while back for the keywords intj , there ... well , this a stretch but i figured i'd give this a try : laughing : i've never met an intj female ! if you are an intj ( female ) and have wanted to see what dating an entp would be like , here is the ... thank you , solid advice . i can relate , i joined the infantry at 18 and have seen and done a lot since then . i've been thinking a bit , i do wanna see what it's like to have a structured life . i'm a ... i'm not sure if i wanna settle but there are long term goals i want to accomplish and dropping everything to see a new place gets in the way of these goals . on the other hand , if i stay in one spot ... i have lost count how many times i have moved , both within a city , to new cities and provinces . it's getting ridiculous . pretty much consistently every 2 years i move to a new city or take off ... defiantly ! i really like the irish people i've met traveling , probably the most down to earth , hardy bunch of people i've ever met . although i've never been to europe , i tend to like europeans ... like it says ... out of any experiences traveling or interacting with foreign people , which nation / culture is your favorite ? just wondering if this in an entp thing or just me . i've parachuted 13 times and i still hate it . it takes everything to do it . i won't do it again , go on zip lines , bangui jump ect . my thinking ... i couldn't have said it better , this is exactly what i thought when i saw this thread . i do notice a weird phenomenon , me and alphas butt heads all the time , been that way my whole life . i never ... hmm not a bad idea . : angry : good god that sounds awful hahaha . why go do something adventurous when i can just sit at home and read a book on gender roles ? hahahahaha , right . as the title suggests , how exactly does one develop the feeling function ? i surprise myself , at times i am very sensitive to others around me and other times i can come off as a huge asshole . i've ... people that are generally illogical . the guy sounds like a total prick with some psychological issues , lots of warning signs . i've seen people like this before , they prey on kind hearts . rest easy you did the right thing . and good god ! ... nice den ! but why ? why ? but now i've started using it , it started out as being sarcastic and has now found itself in normal conversation . i'd go jump off a bridge but that would be cray cray oh shit , now that i think about it , being in that state is the only real reason i'm on here hahahahah oh :( sometimes i get in that state , the best way to get out of that state is to change your attitude , of course that does not always work , in that case , smoke lots of weed then chill out and listen to ... sound advice thanks wtf is happening right now ? ya , there's that too . i once stopped dating a girl because she said cray cray in a non-sarcastic way . indiana jones---but more care free the best part was i figured i would just chill , have a few beers , study , do some course readings ... lots of heineken , some hash and here i am . god ! hahaha yay , i'm not the only drunk forumer ! how open are intjs ? i don't mean open like heart on your sleeve kinda thing but open to new experiences , people ect . i'm asking because i have this intj friend who's into the whole burning man ... i'll check it out . i really have to ask ... for me it's kinda strange to be meeting people off the interweb . i realize i would need many answers from intjs to get a statistical average but in your ... i'm at university but have never felt more like i was surrounded by down syndrome , blind orangutans then at any other point in my life . haha , i wanna assemble a team of us , we'll be unstoppable ! kill it ... kill it with fire , there is no other way . ya i was thinking of doing something like this . eh voila ! ya , in reality i think there are about 4-5 intj's in vancouver who are chillable . hence why i started this thread haha . in fact it was my intj friend who recommended i do this . from what i ... very true true , personal experiences ect . although i did read somewhere that there is a correlation between entp and antisocial-personality-disorder . interesting , my thought was that 2 entp's in the same ... just curious about what you guys would think about an entp + entp friendship . anyone have this experience ? thoughts ? anyone ever date an entp ? i've met one other entp , he was a roommate . we ... hmm , that's a decent number , now where to find them is the question . dante's peak o . k , i may or may not be possible looking to meet some intj's in my area haha . '