' i love myself just after showering when i've shaved when i'm well dressed when my hair is cut i love myself when i'm at a healthy body weight i love myself when i'm well rested i love myself ... seems to be helping me resolve my current lack of direction i've exhausted all my resources all the personality systems : meyers briggs , the enneagram , genius styles , archetypes , the holland ... i'm a caregiver in a group home but i find my impact on coworkers more fulfilling than the job itself . i feel guilty and embarrassed by this but i was recently nominated employee of the month ; i work ... i dance all day at work , at the gym , the grocery store , at home , everywhere . how to use this table in the ascendant column , look for your personal ascendant sign . this describes how you meet life and how you go about your life . in the midheaven column for your sign , it ... i feel like i'm kidding myself ; like it lies outside of my nature and as a result , hopeless ... i think masturbation is healthy , indeed , studies prove it so . but porn , i think it bleeds lovers of lust and love . i mean , if you eat out every meal ... when you do settle in for a night with the wife ... porn kills love ? skeptics of pornography ’ s danger will often point out that porn ... i'm a psychic , but my emotions are rather unpredictable . i think in an intuitive way , but express my energy in a creative way . in love , i seek stimulation . i take on the role of the comedian . you ... yes , yes , yes ; can't love without love specific or generally : music , or a particular song ; people or a certain person and so on . i need all the energy i can get ; i think we all do currently listening to robert palmer bout to run ... the dream ... had someone close to me encourage me to do something last night , went for a run , blindfolded , up the street on a dark country road , shortly after i left , feeling unsafe i made noise ... without a doubt , introverted . i struggle ... trying to force myself out of the box ; to be extraverted , to be where i need to be when i need to be , for others . it's difficult but i want to do it . i'm ... i was a caregiver in a group home for the developmentally disabled . it suited me because for the most part it was unstructured and emotional . more often than not , i could do what i wanted , when i ... 1 . to decide who i serve ; the needs of myself or others . 2 . i associate introversion , submissiveness , and disorder with being an infp . i feel like i'm choosing between what's me and what's ... 1 . how can embracing myself and becoming more of what i already am also be personal growth ? 2 . if i'm to challenge myself , utilize , and strengthen the weaker components of my personality , how is ... just ordered a book ! ! : excitement : king , warrior , magician , lover : rediscovering the archetypes of the mature masculine by robert l . moore , douglas gillette ... awesome picture very interesting slides archetype overview with brand examples & character compass the caregiver 100 % the creator 100 % the destroyer 80 % the innocent 80 % the joker 75 % the lover 80 % the magician 100 % the orphan 20 % the ruler 15 % the sage 90 % who said it could not be done and what great victories has he to his credit which qualify him to judge others accurately ? ( napoleon hill ) a vision without a task is but a dream , a task without a ... my life aside , i've spent the last 5 months losing my mind looking for an answer to this every waking moment reading , writing , discussing , escaping into solitude trying to wrap my head around ... what have you done , what are you doing ? what are you working toward , what are you dreaming ? anxiety , depression , mood swings , and lack of concentration — among other things are experienced by everyone , it's normal . it just depends to what degree it affects your life . see so much of myself in her expression ; both body , face , and speech . so much so it kind of makes me insecure ! makes me feel like i've got two heads ! ... that i'm intelligent the used at the palladium in worcester ma in like 06 ' respect , i'm respected by my coworkers and family for my patience , support , genuine interest , and concern but i don't need this ... i don't need to be told that i'm a good person , i know that ... it's ... the most beautiful women in the world are in las vegas , nevada ( where the miss universe pageant takes place )  i like dressing up but people treat me differently and i find that difficult to accept i feel like it attracts phonies ... anyone else have this problem , this impression .. ? trying to piece together the right criteria for a fulfilling business model infp = people + big picture for peacemakers , the big picture is holy love holy ... i'm the most outgoing person at work , at work ; and what i mean by that is , when i'm out in public i'm just the opposite ; at times , painfully shy : eyes , body , language , all of it . even so , i have ... who inspires you ? which characters , why ? for me , i'm helplessly drawn to emotionally explosive masterminds master criminal neil mccauley in heat silver ... have to have it , as much as i can , still not enough same boat , 27 here , everyone's always surprised , i've always been told i have a baby face i've had seven serious relationships but i can definitely identify with this ; all of my girlfriends asked me out . i hear that ! yupp video # 1 - i didn't want to influence anyone's interpretation but if it'll help , i heard the following : @ 0:05 - if you feel the need to die ? hide ? cry ? @ 0:47 - and i know you @ 1:20 - ... fixed songs  same auditory : 45 % visual : 15 % tactile : 40 % with all of hillary's votes for war and wall street , she might as well be a republican women , clean clothes , and nature o * net interest profiler o * net descriptors occupational outlook handbook e-parachute open source psychometrics project i think it may be one of my greatest assets ... some things that come to mind are - policing , firefighting , piloting , embalming , hospice care i'm looking for a non-technical career that isn't ... '