' sx / sp 4 infp here . i'm averse to things like hostel and other torture porn because it's tacky and devoid of substance . anything done purely for shock value i'm averse to . i guess i have a pretty ... karmachameleon , well the descriptions are exaggerated but with romantic interests and partners love and hate were often synonymous for me . and envy for me is experienced as a very hateful feeling . yeah , i don't typically tell people to their face when i envy them either . i think it was from naranjo or chestnut but to sum up sx4 competition hate , hurt people hurt people . when i was less ... karmachameleon , how ? how does envious anger hurt people and make them suffer ? is that what you're asking ? ? that's half of it , i mean at the heart of things i am a 4 but sadomasochistic for sx4 because of how we can and do inflict pain on others as well . 479 triple imaginative aka triple impractical karmachameleon , i was actually just thinking of a bdsm edition earlier , but you beat me to it ! pun not intended i'm so self focused i didn't get past my tritype tho 4 : masochist : black_eyed : ... i kid you not , i practically reacted the same way . and like you i was dealing with situational stuff but finding this description was bitter sweet in a way as it explained soo much , yet at the time ... when i found out i was a 4 i actually grieved for a bit lol fuuuck ! this song is my life . how am i supposed to follow my heart when it's still with you ? ? crisis averted . thanks guys ! tis a rare feat to be very interesting yet not appealing at all ! lee , i believe we talked briefly a few months back about my having trouble uploading images . just letting you know that when i refer to myself as tech tarded it's not that much of an exaggeration ... sorry to sound like n00b , but is there more i should try to describe or am i to wait for someone to take a more in depth look ? i wasn't quite sure what was meant by vertical scope yeah , jennywocky that's what i tried . whenever i login there is always a friend request notification and no matter how many times i don't accept it / reject it and then click save , nothing ever changes hey , we have different standards on sullying . now to think about it , if it was really your stepdad who told you that , i think , personally and subjectively , it makes it even more hilarious . not to ... , i would re-read zen lizard's excellent post and let that really sink in . you're being far too harsh on yourself , doll . i did things in my past relationships that should have ... is that why you edited out the wednesday addams comment , because you thought i might dispatch of you in a similar manner ? ? no dice that doesn't work . his ugly mug is still there in my notifications my reject button is broken ... makes sense : skellie : neokortex , you turned a comment from my stepdad into something sexual and sullied it . you've also requested lets get some sex ! to another user here and they tried to be polite about it but they did ... you know , it could be ? i didn't consider it from that angle . it just sounded to me like he was using his penetrative sx energy as an excuse to push himself on others in a sense . it feels like ... animal , if you read his posts you'll see that he conflates a forward crassness and vulgarity , with playfulness and intimacy . i was going to use a different word over overly eager but i was trying ... as a being who is highly sexual and comfortable with the fact and is known to test boundaries , i'm just saying your approach is not a winning one . but you go ahead and do you if you conduct yourself out in the world like you do here , it's not hard to see why . you come off as overly eager and that does tend to push people away or close them off . i don't know many girls sx ... i bet you say that to all the sx type infp girls lol aggressive vibrancy that was the terminology someone used today when trying to find words to express the way my energy comes off . isn't that precious ? ? oooh an orgy ! my 7 fix will love this : kitteh : i read a letter from my 7 brother to my granny recently and she comments on how intelligent and articulate he is . me : yeah , i know . it's always ... it's a bit like you read my mind because after you posted that socionics link for the three ranges of the instincts , i found myself identifying both with the seducer sx / sp and the decadent sp / sx ... yes , i thought it may have been contextual but i was still curious as to how you felt and if you had any more to add . i had to chuckle a bit because your poster and what you say about desire being ... , i don't know if my response of violently . to the thread , ' how do you experience envy ? ' or my admission to a friend that i was envious , not jealous ! before i even knew what an enneagram ... my intuition is fantastic as long as i don't question it . sx 4 here . i've felt everything you've just said but i tend to withdraw now rather than explode like i used to . i used to be really bad at self soothing , but now i have some tools in my belt that ... looking back i can see all my physical altercations have been with the opposite sex ; starting from my brother , to the neighborhood boys , to the boys that have broken my friend's heart and to the ... i get this . this usually happens after i wake up too soon from a really great dream and then i'll try to go back to sleep to continue the dream but then it often just becomes all garbled and ... check out fraud lair * cough * i mean pod lair for more info . though you'll probably just come away even more confused 494746u200b yes , what braverose said . i've found it helpful to write the dream out ; no matter if you already feel it's committed to memory , and / or have it figured out . just start writing even if you don't feel ... forgive this bizarre question but i just hafta ask ... do you ever experience where like part of your brain stays conscious while you're dreaming ? i've been keeping dream journals for years making ... guilty . pretty much what orangeappled said . not so much overdressed as opposed to underdressed but like an understated elegance or effortless beauty i suppose . i also wear my hair long and in ... < < ocelot with a cat wing here . most appropriate ! : kitteh : to me it sounds like he's now feeling ashamed over allowing himself to be vulnerable with you . there's a kind of ' bite the hand that feeds ' mentality that's going on as far as i can tell ... the experience as painful as it was / is forced me to grow as a person . i hated for anyone to see me in the state i was in but sometimes it was necessary and it showed me who my real allies were . in a ... hi there . i wanted to let you know you're not alone in the way you're feeling . psych drugs made me an agoraphobic zombie too as i was literally sleeping my life away and that's just the very tip of ... same , by far . i almost feel opposite of how infp was described . we have similar tastes so i'm thinking the following is a safe bet . paradise circus by massive attack featuring infp poster girl , hope sandoval ... i do not envy your position right now whateverlolawants . psychiatric survivor here as well also starting at age 15 . i wish i had some advice for you , i really do . i too hold a deep rooted hostility ... '