' estj . yes , i like travelling . i've been to america , bermuda , and south korea . next year my wife and i are going on a 3 - month missions trip to south korea where i'll teach english and we'll plant a church . all signs point to yes . interesting quiz . i'm an isfj happily married to an infp . according to the assessment , though , my idea mate would be an entj . blech , that's my oldest sister's type . we isfj's are very prone to breaking rules . our wild and crazy infj cousins are too . my federal government should absolutely not dynamite mt . rushmore . apparently you've never enjoyed a truly great piece of pie . :( dc's legends of tomorrow is my favorite show . anyway , here's how i see things ... captain sara lance / white canary - istj . ray palmer / the atom - enfp . leonard snart / captain cold - istp ... i often enjoy naps . i get tired around 3pm and then can just doze off . i have a pretty uncomfortable sofa bed in my study , but it comes in handy for when i want to doze off . ne you're slightly insecure when it comes to your keyboard . * hack snort wheeze caff * you cannot change your personality type ( unless you go through trauma - but who wants that ) . you can develop your cognitive functions - your introverted feeling , extroverted intuition , introverted ... it is a challenge . that's very true . however , i feel that god has called me to both , and i believe that god has seen me through school . at this point i have only 5 courses left to go . i hold that god ... it is not too late . to suggest otherwise is ageism . i'm 53 and in seminary ( post-graduate studies following christian university ) . we waited for religious reasons . we're both christians , and i'm actually a pastor . i waited until after marriage . we courted for nine months . no , i do not . it was important to me to avoid sex altogether . i notice that women do try especially to act like ladies when they're around me . is that because of my good looks ? i wouldn't be surprised . yes , exactly , a fad . that's why it's only been around for over 70 years . : rollseyes : seems you've bought into the fallacy that intuitives are intelligent and sensors cannot be . that's nonsense friend , hogwash , baloney , balderdash . you're a sensor who wants to be an intuitive . and that's sad . embrace your sensorhood . brian griffin . welll , to be clear , osteen is not mainline protestant . i shudder at even the thought that he is . he's rather part of something called the prosperity gospel . the false gospel that if you believe in ... fe didn't say all americans are . nevertheless . america compared to canada is like the wild west gunslinger vs . the rcmp officer . it fits the american ethos of kill or be killed . it doesn't fit the canadian one of peace and harmony . i'm for the death penalty in america , but against the death penalty here in canada . baloney . my father was a male magic wielder and he was straight . i confess that i'm not actually an infp . there may be a correlation , but there is no causation . wizards can absolutely be straight . yes . all wizards . [ / quote ] source please . intj actually . he's gay as gay can be . not all wizards are gay though . i would shorten that to , missionary - someone sent . it need not be to a foreign land . we can be missionaries in our own lands . indeed , we are called to be missionaries in our own cities and ... no . thinkers with big egos are thinkers with big egos . saying that no type is better than any other is like saying that no ice cream flavor is better than any other . isfj is so very common . it's the vanilla of mbti . okay , i'm calling it . thank you all , it seems i am an isfj . : sad : the only thing advantageous about that is that you'd be eating yummy popsicles . oh , and collecting popsicle pete points for valuable prizes . 1 . age - 53 years old . 2 . location - toronto , ontario , canada . 3 . current occupation / job / career - seminary student , cashier , preacher , floriographer . 4 . social situation - married . two sons and a ... thank you mr . tambourine man . yes , i also am beginning to lean towards isfj for me . interesting that . more reading to do i guess . :) can you please be more specific ? thanks . mostly details of the day and current events . at the same time , i am a theology student , so i do a good deal of discussing different theories and ... that is interesting . generally in real life i care too much about what others think of me . i sometimes think offensive things , but i would never actually share them . and i'm afraid that , yes , the ... i seem to use ne and fe the most . however , as you point out , that isn't a pairing . so i guess i would say ti-ne . as i understand it , folks with si as the dominant or auxiliary function have good ... isfj sounds like me in real life . intp sounds like me online . :D how do isfjs and intps use fe differently ? by that i'd say i'm isfj . but i've always thought that i must be an intuitive . i'm a very intelligent person . this is not meant to disrespect sensors in any way . so then , what's the right way goamare ? i've heard so many people say , don't just take a test . consider your cognitive functions . good question charlie.elliot . i don't know what my type is . that's what i'm really asking . since i know what the cognitive functions are , how do i put them in the right order to come up with my type ... no . harry's an isfp . he showed the baby , yes , by dangling . it . out . the . window . in my book that's child abuse . maybe not yours . and it suggests ( but certainly in no way proves ) that he was abusing children in other ... '