' every time i see a thread like this i have this question : why do some people act as if they think that all intjs are unhealthy walking stereotypes ? ( there's chaos among the tags for this thread ... 413914 argh ! i looked through my real life papers and then looked at what i posted earlier and the difference is enormous in my eyes . maybe it's pointless to analyse my handwriting because the analysis is ... if there's time for more , i'd be interested too . my former conclusions about my enneagram type started to seem very absurd so i hope that my handwriting can give me away . 399114 oh , i'm too familiar with this situation . until recently , i often saw how other people create amazing drawings with deep feelings and whole stories in them , tried to do the same but failed . i didn't ... intj hell doesn't work for me either - i'm already used to those entirely idiotic things , although it did take me many years to realize that it's ok . saying idiotic things may be embarrassing ... i still had this message in an unfinished state and i think i should post it even though it's been a week . no , that's not what i meant . a problem is not connected with one kind of thinking , ... and i don't care about it . i personally expect respect from people . if someone doesn't act with respect , they don't get it back . it's ridiculous . you even managed to pull fascism here . i've never payed close attention to anteaters before . now i'm almost in love with them : kitteh : ... with the way you act . and i want you to know it just because i happened to get involved here . the meaning of i am nice and good and you intjs are bad . what ? i'm even worse , i came to dislike you personally because your behavior in this thread is kinda suspicious . after that the only reason why i haven't told you to put a sock in it is because i'm ... nah , it sounds incredibly boring and time-consuming . what do i get out of it ? i gave my view on the matter - explained what and how science can do , and even came up with a limitation . it's an answer to your question given from my perspective and my world view , they are simply ... the fact that science can't deal with something resembling the thing that is like this , but you can define it however you feel isn't a bug , it's a feature . there may be deep meaning in it if you ... the one who's bothered by the validity of the data isn't in trouble , they just choose their information carefully . careful choice of the information includes clear definitions of things , so you can't ... my first reaction was to say : of course there are such questions , science develops all the time , and it happens because science fails to describe the reality properly . do scientific observations ... ( wait , i blah-blah'ed about something off-topic . oh well , that's my experience with these things anyway , and so that i didn't try to check my grammar for nothing i'll leave it here ) my experience ... it looks that i need help . ( i probably have mistakes in my english that can make understanding of this post harder , but i won't check it because i must send it before i decide that i won't do that ) ... until this very moment i didn't know you could do it standing : shocked : standing sounds extremely uncomfortable but i must try it now just for lulz . i wonder if there are more simple activities we ... you are probably very tired . if you study hard and don't get enough sleep it can have results after some time , including what you describe . simple mechanical repeated tasks feel good because they ... - eye live on an eye-land in eye-owa . or ... w-eye-oming . - no . you can't do that . maybe it's a dumb question but how do you even do that ? i've been wondering for ages how some people manage to have experience of living in so many different countries . and sometimes there are also ... the thought of becoming more bubbly after death made me laugh a bit . unfortunately , for me death is simply the end of all existence . and i find the picture funny because it either mocks other ... i'm so inspired by this right now : laughing : i relate to your words too , but what you describe sounds more painful because of the heartache . i'm not sure what it is but it's easy and hard to imagine at the same time - somehow this state is ... i was in love once , but the situation turned out to be a terrible misunderstading . i still had my first experience of being in love though . what causes it ? ( is it usually a breakup , distance in a ... i'd say there's not enough information to tell which functions you prefer and whether you are intj or intp . you definitely sound introverted and more thinking than feeling though , but it looks ... ( not an intp but still ) i'm also annoyed by such messages . of course , it's not hard to ignore them but they are still everywhere . i don't see emotions in such messages . they are so impossibly ... life is definitely not perfect but the more i think about it the more confused i get . maybe a perfect life would be life where people get what they want and have their wishes fulfilled without ... i don't know if i'm sp or not but it's so true . for some reason food is something very personal and if it's my food it's not for sharing unless i dislike it and want to find a way to dispose of it ... i can't make any generalizations about music tastes and types because i don't know for sure mbti types of people around me . i only noticed that people who like classic heavy metal often like ... a really great conversation would be about topics we both find interesting so no one has to force the conversation - in this case the conversation is like a living dead , it would be more natural if ... does lawful evil stand for awful fucker using his enneagram as excuse ? it must be mentioned that d & d alignments have nothing to do with enneagram so the question doesn't make much sense . the nine ... hi , my name is ~ ~ * bwip ! * i only want to s ~ ~ * bwip ! * just give me t ~ ~ * bwip ! * for fuck's sake what th ~ ~ * bwip ! * so far i ended up with 8w9 5w6 4w5 and i haven't looked into the instinctual variants yet . i used to think i was sp / sx / so but i'm not sure now . 1 . what are your passions ? do you keep them to ... 211842 if you get results of any kind , could you post them or a link to them in this thread ? ( asking just in case ) also , there was another thread on this topic not so long ago , but it didn't go ... i decided to draw darth maul : sad : i wanted to make him look mysterious and intimidating : sad : my hands decided otherwise : sad : i failed to force myself to fix it : sad : ... gabriel , raphael or something similar . i take their opinion into account but i don't focus on types too much . if it happens so that i notice something what contradicts their words i may tell them about it , register it in my mind and stop ... hmmm ... nah , i'm not trainable * teleports away * no , unfortunately , jung didn't mean that the functions should be used separately . i found a post here which has jung's definition of differentiation : ... if mbti is based on jungian cognitive functions then if someone works with this theory they must use the functions . otherwise , the work with the theory is incorrect because it's based on things which ... i see it as a creepy evil pie of hell . it has blood coming out of its mouth . its head is damaged and the brain has partially leaked out but it's not dead yet . it's smiling at you with its narrow evil ... i'm not very inventive and the first thing which comes to my mind is this : grab my work and run to the assisting teacher to explain my situation and give them my answers to make sure that the ... that's why most people look boring and the same all the time . i'd think that this guy seems interesting , fun and worth talking to , probably exactly because he's not conforming to the boring ... my sex is female so it happens that you are wrong . what made you suspicious ? but i would also guess i'm male if i looked at my handwriting . i've seen only one female with a handwriting which left ... will you post your thoughts on the resulting correlation here when you have enough examples ? 188386 when i was at school my class was full of flu enthusiasts : laughing : we even tried to pass on the flu to each other to skip school together and sit at someone's place . do you have a good memory and what do you remember easily ? apparently , i have very good memory for some things and absolutely terrible for other things . what i can remember easily is concepts ... why do i remember that so-called goku healed someone with kamehameha in that abomination of a movie called dragonball evolution ? o . o '