' 15/50 , intp . definitely not autistic , and rather assertive for an intp . minor superiority complex ? i know i'm not the best or anything , but i have a hard time not being condescending towards people who don't grasp ( what i think are ) basic concepts , or people who refuse ... gender : male age : 17-27 intelligence : gifted openness : conservative mbti personality profile : istp closest alternative we found : isfp the aging was close , but i am definitely not ... you know you're an entp when : - you've been misdiagnosed with add / adhd - your parents get frustrated about the fact that you like to argue with them - you manage to get perfect grades and not study ... definitely . during elementary school especially , i was pretty bossy and liked to sing and dance out loud . i also had no shame in telling the teacher off if i thought they were wrong sometimes , which ... gender : undetermined age : 23-33 intelligence : above-average idea adoption : early-adopter mbti personality profile : estp closest alternative we found : estj i must be doing something wrong lol ... it's like almost k-pop . i am good friends with an entp . we get along pretty well , but she's adhd , so she's pretty excitable and very ne-ish ( ? ) she says a lot of stuff that doesn't jive with my logic filter , but she's pretty ... 79 . i might be too late for this , but feel free to type me ! let's stop this argument before it gets any further i'm sorry for taking advantage of you like that . i know how it feels . some more things : mom , i wish you would tell me more about your childhood and how well you did without the internet . being gay is a sin ! you need jesus ! boy , i wish i had more ... well , i have to go outside a lot for school , but outside of that ? probably about 5 times a year . i could live without the internet , but i would probably be very sad , and read way more books . i don't like to put down ideas for my future so , as i think it might might narrow my view of who i could date , but here i go : physical appearance : probably brown hair and brown eyes . i'm not ... i only speak english fluently ( my native language ) , but i can speak spanish pretty well , french at a conversational level , and i know about a dozen japanese phrases . i think his campaign is a wake-up call to the u . s . that we need to do something different . if we vote in donald trump , the rest of the entire world will dislike us more than they do already . i am ... i strongly dislike being shouted at , mainly because i'm a little sensitive to loud noises in the first place . also being physically punched or kicked hurts , too . i just started watching / reading haikyuu about a week ago , and more recently hunter x hunter ( 2011 ) some favorites - - - the monogatari series shinsekai yori mushishi neon ... lots of puns . so many puns . also , many smart comments . similar to the person above me , i'm more gray-sexual . i feel more romantic attraction towards girls , and more sexual attraction towards guys . i'm not sure how i feel about genderfluid / asexual people ... no , and no . just no . there are all different types of smart , and all different types of people . it's like asking whether asexuals are smarter than hetero or homosexual people . ^ entp ? 1 . i do a lot of stereotypically nerdy things , like watch doctor who and read manga and wikipedia articles . 2 . my eating schedule is wack . i either eat a ton of food all day or nothing at ... i have always been told that intps are too critically minded and logical to create art . i think this is bullcrap . it helps , for me , when i write poetry to focus in on my feelings and past senses on a ... i seem very assertive to my friends and family , and some of my classmates find me ' intimidating ' when i get irritated and glare at them . since i am biologically female , my older female friends and ... no . i would like to be a genius , and my iq is higher than the average person's , but if you're pretty confident in your intelligence and lazy as shit ( as i am ) you're probably not a genius . i ... i swear rarely , only when trying to emphasize a major point or when i am angry at someone . i was taught not to swear ( my parents are the fundamentalist christian type ) and so most people never hear ... hello ! 1 . sometimes i find it amusing to see people crying or getting upset over personal issues . it's even more amusing when they get emotional during an argument / debate . during debate or arguments , i like ... being healthy / playing sports - i have a good metabolism and i don't care about exercising that much , although i try not to eat mcdonalds everyday or anything . i do not care about sports at all , as i ... i have always wanted to be an intj , probably to an unhealthy degree . they seem a bit more useful and determined than intps . i am a young intp , and i do have a bit of a superiority complex . i watch anime , another young intp-ish thing . i tend to be very cool and cold around strangers , acquaintances , and people who have ... intp - - - masculinity : 77.93 / 100 androgynous : 60/100 feminity : 29.33 / 100 i am biologically female . this seems right , as i am much more assertive and calculating than the most feminine ... err ... as an entp , do you ever wonder what it would be like to be an intp for a day ? as an intp , i envy the quick wit and charisma that entps tend to have . i feel the same way about my type . i'm almost always extremely uncertain about it . welcome . i'm sure everyone at the intp group is happy to have you . : happy : welcome to personality cafe ! hope you enjoy your time here and get thanked many times . ( i'm an otaku too : kitteh :) enfjs , esfps . entp , probably . oh jeez . where to start ? the main difference , for me , between anime and western cartoons are the amounts of fanservice and complex plot put into the two . and the whole different culture thing ... do not let other people tell you how to think or feel . ( based on stereotypes here ) what is the longest debate / argument you have ever had , and did you enjoy it ? i listen to pretty much anything but country and rap . the vocals in country music are always irritating to me and rap doesn't seem very harmonious to me . the more complex and layered the song is , and ... infjs . my best friend is one of them , and sometimes she seems so caring and innocent , and other times she seems like a visionary . she can read me very well , which i find alarming . i really love hearing about the kardashians . it makes me so happy to know that kim and kanye are doing fine ! enfp > > entp > > infp > > intp . it's been ~ 2 years . i finally realized i was most likely an intp after learning about cognitive functions and doing more research . rich , i could do more of what i wanted to without some of the stresses that famous people have . i enjoy mostly quality time ( 11 ) and acts of service (8 ) . words simply aren't that important to me , as they can be empty air . + people who smile all the time and think that everything has a positive turn out . + ignorance + people who always ask for help without trying to figure something out for themselves + people who ... a wolf . they're pretty intelligent and independent . the last time i bawled was in 2nd grade-i had banged my knee against a fence . the last time i just quietly cried was about 2 years ago . i got a detention on my birthday . '