' 523417 5234 41 fuck pencils . i'm a rebel . can't have all caps :D sorry , this post may have been overly vulg - ah , i doubt you all care . it's the intp forum after all . 46 . i had more open at one time on my school chromebook ... but it crashed . oops ... fuck , fuck fuck fuck , fuck fuck , fuck fuck fuck fuck . fuck fuck ! fuck fuck fuck fuck . fuck . a haiku of my typical speech pattern . thank you . i have a new found interest in fountain pens . i shall now absorb all the possible information i can on fountain pens and spend money ( that i will surely regret ) on fountain pens . wish me luck . the battlefleet gothic : armada multiplayer beta is really fun . i keep getting annihilated by the ai on normal though . worth it to see the beautiful as fuck ships go up in beautiful as fuck ... i mean if we're talking harry potter , there's obviously only one solution ... ( spoilers if lalti's post didn't make that obvious ... oh , what does it matter ? like ... at what page of this thread does responding with the same general idea in different words become effective ? this . when i was first talking to the infj i'm with , whenever she would ask me a feeling related question she would take my extended silence as me being mad or upset or whatever it may be , so i ... i never thought otherwise : happy : usually i'm comfortable saying things like i miss you actually to her , just not others . it's something about feelings being weird and confusing to me , and i guess i'm worried i'll be judged if i ... depending on what's bothering me i may not be too keen talking about it . i'll use what i'm currently stressed about as an example ; i was very clearly stressed out on friday at school , but it's not ... drooling over battlefleet gothic : armada videos ...  ... for the emperor ! yay unoriginal and barely amusing jokes another update . she's currently hospitalized , and will be there through the weekend , possibly more . she also isn't allowed to use her phone . it sucks . i wish i could make sure she is doing okay . i ... i'm not sure , we haven't been able to talk much . how do i feel about it ? in what way ? the accuracy of the diagnosis or what it means to me ? i think it's correct , but i'm assuming you meant ... i planned on staying with her anyways , as long as i can that is . update : she saw a therapist today . psychosis with depression , as i expected . so ... yeah . just felt like i would add that . thanks . she's supposed to be starting therapy within a week . i honestly do care about her , a lot . it would be nice to have something to put my mind at ease , i guess , lol . it's weird i ... so this isn't a very fun post to make . okay , man , how do i start . so for anyone who doesn't know me on here , i should probably give my age . i'm 14 , and the girl i am seeing currently is 15 . she's ... my dad just got me modest mouse tickets for their next concert here in chicago . so that . a lot of that . may as well throw in a song by them . i'm sure it's been posted though . ... probably like , a freeze dried potato . although my girlfriend says i'm a scalding hot potato , apparently . this is pretty much what i'm going through right now . i relate almost entirely to the intp description , and the functions ( ti-fe rather than fi-te ) , but i have some not-very-intp ... quirks ? ... uh ... yeah . this . see ? i can be helpful too ! :) does it mean anything that most of the music in this thread isn't really my taste ? i tend to listen to more electronic music that's atmospheric and usually not very repetitive . i do like symphonic ... a ) galaxy s6 edge + b ) two hands , i'm 14 ( sometimes one hand , usually left ) c ) texting , calling , internet browsing d ) most of my free time e ) don't have it f ) don't have it g ) vibrate in my ... i said cry , not die . i can't remember the last time i cried . now i feel like i'm missing out . someone make me cry . yes , mbti can be somewhat of a generalization , i never stated otherwise . that's partially why i was stating that being a thinker doesn't equate to disliking fantasy . i've only ever actually interacted with a few , ( even though high school is rampant with then ) and they all just look at me like i'm insane when i speak . one called me a lonely nerd , and then went on ... esfj's edit : unless an obsession in disliking intp's count no offence to esfj's hmph . no appreciation around here . well , that's ... a bit generous ... that's probably better . clearly . i keep walking by my family while listening to music and breaking out into sexually suggestive dance moves for no apparent reason . i mean it's not entirely out of the ordinary , just the ... ow , ow , ow , ow , ow , ow . i just had oral surgery . clearly the dog is trying to up his dance skills , and the cat is trying to fuck up an unfortunate hamster stuck in the ball . maybe more , the cat is homecoming queen / king , and the dog is trying to ... that guy up there ^ . fuck that guy . not really . just felt like saying that . edit : oh of course it makes a new page . wonderful . edit # 2 : i should probably actually contribute though , ... i'm not entirely sure ; i'm an intp . i need like , an emotional translator or something . wait , why am i here ? in a way i could be seen as boring on the outside , if you consider browsing the internet and reading boring ( some don't ) , however ... if i'm a social situation ( basically always , i'm in high school ) i ... oh no . i feel obliged to post my 4th grade to 6th grade afro phase . * sigh * we'll see . intp's aren't supposed to have emotions ? well shit . bye everyone , evidently i'm not an intp . this is pointless online tests mean nothing . iq doesn't even mean much in the first place . but i was bored , so i took it . got a 150 . yeah , no . i'm not that smart . i'm 14 though , so that may ... bipolar ii and minor social anxiety i used to have depression as well hey babe , are you a sith lord ? because i'd love to penetrate you with my light saber ... ;) i used a dank force push and memed him back to 8chan so he could rub his 1337 saber 14 here as well . this one kid in my grade ( istj ) who thinks of himself as an ultimate leet 4chan trollolol super hilarious dank memer decided to spoil the force awakens for me because he's a trollolol 4chaner lol ... i was unaware they didn't mix . where did you hear that ? i guess it depends on the individual . a hyper-intp and hyper-infj might not mix well , but ... i'm dating an infj with very strong ... you do realize she said intp , yes ? besides , the thread is 2 years old . just let it die from here ... ... huh . i have no fricking clue . not a thing i personally do . if someone gives me a reason to be disappointed , i will express my thoughts and intentions . if i say i want to end the relationship , and if i say i would prefer not ... definitely . anywhere i can learn to improve myself is a good place to be . necrilia i can't say the intp you know reminds me of myself ... maybe that's because i have pretty strong fe due to my experiences with depression and whatnot . i tend to put my partner in front of ... we'll see about that . i tend to make relationships go ... bad . '