' absolutely not . i don't care if i'm wrong at firstx 97what ' s most important to me is that i find out what is right . i'd rather be corrected and join the side of truth than to be wrong and completely ... in the united states , it just depends on what career path you want . if you want to go into a scientific or medical field , than you almost definitely need a college degree ( usually even more than ... i've been mistaken for an enfp before because of my adhd . i exhibit ne traits , but i'm still very much an enfj with more ni than ne . the creativity of ne and the creative energy that often comes ... i've only been drunk once , and that was at a close friend's bachelor party ( they all wanted me to get drunk btw , so i wasn't some random guy getting drunk while everyone else was sober ) . we were all ... yes . all of the above . i also love prismacolor markers ( they are magical ) ! forgive me for saying this , but i don't think any of those options are really factors tied to extroversionx 97i think that introverts can feel / not feel those same things . sociability and ... it doesn't feel good , but sometimes , people ( no matter how much we may love them ) aren't a good fit for a job , and they have to be let go . it may help if you think of it as helping them to find ... yikes , you've got a tricky situation here . first of all , let me say that i'm sorry that you're in this predicament . secondly , i think you are probably right about his fear of his feelings taking ... try traveling . i usually get inspired when i travel . a change of scenery is usually helpful . also , surround yourself with plants — they supposedly boost creativity by 10 % or something like that . and ... yeah , had to reupload mine , and now i can see mine , though many others are still missing . mine disappeared , but since i reuploaded it , it has been fine . but it would seem that an internet error raccoon stole everyone's avatar . honestly , i'm not sure if there's any one particular thing that makes j's laugh . i feel like looking at judgers in general ( in terms of what makes them laugh ) is too broad a spectrum to gather much ... i'm married to an infj , and while you have some similarities , i think you are more of an ntp . extrovert or introvert i can't tell ( honestly , ntp women are the hardest for me to differentiate between ... so , i'm sure many of you have seen , heard about , or played the new dating game that game grumps created called dream daddy ( with it's catchy tune and comical dialogue full of dad jokes ) . while ... i'd probably say something like haha , well it has to be done ! or something to that affect . if that response isn't good enough , i blame the first person for not making their intentions clear enough . yes . hahaha oh well , i tried . : blushed : i mean , who doesn't love a bit of an ego boost ? tough crowd . : laughing : oh entj's , what wonderful wit you have ! ( does that count ? ) : tongue : if you mean that certain people have a more visible impact , then sure . some people are given less influence than others , but that doesn't make them any less important . it's hard for us to see that ... it's easy to fall into , but best avoided . in the end , it won't help anything . seeing self-pity in others makes me pity them , because i feel like they've fallen into a trap that limits their ... i'm almost positive that you're an isfj . the isfj vibe is strong with you . : jedi-lightsaber : yes , all human life is valuable . to start saying that only certain lives matter is subjective . also , we're just humansx 97who are we to say what lives do and don't matter ? to try to say some do and some ... i think it depends on the kind of ambition you're referring to . if it's changing the world / dealing with social injustices , i'd say enfp . if it's inventing new things or trying to achieve ... i like it , but only if i have time for it . anymore , it seems like i'm too busy to spend hours playing chess . i really enjoyed it when i was younger and didn't have nearly as much stuff to do ... true , real love doesn't work that way . you might feel an instant attraction , but it won't usually be a love at first sight kind of thing . initial attraction can be there , sure , but feeling instantly ... well , i grew up with an esfj mother , so my sensory perception ( and my feelings ) were encouraged . i definitely think i have stronger tertiary se than the average enfj , and being a graphic ... yes , definitely . i have adhd , and while the impulsiveness and energy i have often leads people to think i'm an enfp , there's no denying my judging preference . i like structure , organization , and i'm ... he sounds like an awful person . if you ask me , he and that other toxic girl deserve each other . you deserve so much better , and you shouldn't guilt yourself for things not working out . it isn't ... hello , and welcome to personality cafe ! i hope you like it here ! : happy : hello there friend , and welcome to personality cafe ! : happy : i understand what you mean about having to deal with the extraverted feeling all the time . my advice to you is to get a good support ... i am the oldest of two . i definitely fit the responsible , mature older child stereotype . my brother is more popular and less responsible , so in that regard , he probably fits the younger sibling ... asmr is a great way to relax — it helps me take naps : mellow : watching bob ross on youtube is my go to for anything asmr — his voice is one of the most relaxing sounds i've ever heard . is this just for intps , or for everyone ? welcome to personality cafe ! : kitteh : some people can pull those colors off , but before you go crazy , i'd recommend dying a colored streak of hair first and seeing if you like that . then if you end up not liking it , it won't be as big of ... i was probably the horniest person in my college social circle , and i'm a feeler and a judger , so ... yeah . but that was just my experience , so i don't think that really proves anything . hello there ! welcome to personality cafe ! : happy : these songs always bring me a sense of peace :  not at all . as a kid , i adored rainbows , and the only reason i don't have a bunch of rainbow stuff now is because i don't want to make people think i'm gay . but i still very much love rainbows , and ... you can deny it all you want , but i know you intjs love being appreciated : wink : thanks intjs , for your fantastic sense of humor . i'm glad you exist ! : hug : welcome to personality cafe ! i hope you enjoy it here ! it's always nice to see a new face ! : happy : i grew up in arkansas , and southern hospitality is definitely a thing . people tend to be friendlier and just simple , down-to-earth folks . wal-mart will always have its fair share of weirdos , ... welcome to personality café ! i hope you like it here ! and it's really cool that you're a synesthete ! : cool : alignment : lawful good honestly , this surprised me a little bit , because i've always seen myself as more chaotic good . i'm all about the greater good and doing the right thing , regardless of the ... welcome to personality cafe ! i hope you like it here ! : happy : please share your stories of either things that have happened to you or someone you know in regards to death . this can be a near-death or out of body experience , or something seemingly unexplainable ... oh my goodness , i love soup ! ! ! i love making it , because it's so easy — usually you just throw everything in a pot and cook it in water or broth , and you don't have to worry about burning your meat ... all of what said , plus cunnilingus and chocolate . : tongue :: blushed : welcome to personality cafe ! : happy : not so much childish , but rather living in their own world . this can be a problem if they get out of touch with reality / practicality . but there's nothing wrong with being simple and / or a ... '